The longevity and silage, for me, were greater than I have experienced on most other fragrances - 1/2 sprays really does plenty for the day. It really lingers on fabrics too, even smelt it on my cuff after washing a shirt!! 
If these were the only factors in evaluating this fragrance, it would get 10/10. I can't emphasise enough how crazy the silage is!!! Everyone around you will smell it.

Despite this, the actual smell of BR540 became sickly for me very quickly. Maybe I overused it when first purchasing, I don't know, but I no longer wear it due to the highly synthetic sweetness. The entirely-synthetic makeup is one of a kind, but not a big hit for me. It definitely smells better in the masses of silage it leaves behind, but on me personally it gives me a headache and I have to wash it off. I get a mixed array of compliments, from 'it's too feminine' to 'you smell incredible!!'.

The story behind this fragrance as well as the how it's made is the real uniqueness here; I would urge anyone to try it if they see a tester bottle when next shopping in store. Overall I am pleased I tried this fragrance, but I would not buy another bottle at the current retail of £200/70mL. Other MFK fragrances such as Amyris EDP, Grand Soir and Oud are much better!!!
A very light fragrance, to start.  It's more like a whisper.  The most noticeable notes are saffron and marigold.  It's a lovely combo.  Then, only the lightest hint of jasmine.

This frag stays light.  The middle is a cross between vague, outdoorsy, country aromas and a delicate flower vibe...  It then turns almost sickeningly sweet but, still light and airy.  It's like burnt sugar and burned leaves...  Is this supposed to be so vague and "airy"?  It's like the mysterious, floor-level mist that surrounds and partly obscures, the nefarious eggs, in the movie Alien.  It's there - then it moves as I move.

The burnt sugar / leaf thing settles down and I'm left smelling sweet, wooden piles of woodchips.  The scent is still light, hazy, hovering.  A slight balsamic buzz occurs, too.  It's a ghost of a fragrance...  It lasts only four hours, too.
Baccarat Rouge 540 (2014) is a fairly divisive and hyped perfume made by Francis Kurkdijan for the house of Baccarat, a revered glassmaker that unlike Lalique, never really tangled much with perfume outside a brief stint in the 1990's. Kurkdijan's creation was originally paraded around in a special coffret and sold directly by Baccarat until 2015 when Kurkdijan was allowed to release it under his Maison Francis Kurkdijan vanity label. Baccarat Rouge 540 is a purely synthetic creation, with all notes implied rather than denoting ingredients, and smells like a lot of different things at different times. The key to it's controversy among fragrance enthusiasts is the wildly variable performance due to these synthetics, which with their purity combined with the olfactory sensitivity or stamina of the wearer, can result in day-long enjoyment or evaporation in minutes.

If you look past the extremely high potential of anosmia Baccarat Rouge 540 has, it is a rather novel perfume, being a "sweet nothing whispered in ear" but in scent form. The opening is best described as a candied floral, with jasmine and saffron tones adding some dirty indolic spice to the yellow flowery sweetness of blood orange and tagetes. The heart is pure ambrox super and evernyl, each being an isolate molecule of ambergris and oakmoss respectively, imparting a rounded buttery warmth that causes much of the olfactory fatigue users complain about. The base is vanilla and woody amber molecules from norlimbanol and an old-school amber compound base whipped up with a wizardly number of captives with chemical names I'm not pedantic enough to list. You get a "rouge" tone throughout the scent's unstable life, and will catch whiffs of it all day without any steady throbbing sillage to enjoy. I'd imagine this is discreet enough for a signature but I find it too sweet for hot weather.

I don't love nor hate Baccarat Rouge 540, but fall into the group of people who can't perceive it for long due to the intensity of the aromachemicals at play. It's an enjoyable floral gourmand oriental experiment while it lasts, but then all goes poof, and for the price of $300USD for 75ml to own a fragrance that I could only tangibly enjoy for the first 15 minutes, I'm not sold. That doesn't mean MFK as a luxury house is without value, as there are a good number of inventive scents made by the "Maestro of Le Mâle", I just count this one as more show than go. If you're one of the lucky people with whom this clicks, power to you and I have no complaints, but if I wanted to wear disappearing ink, I'd just get some from the magic shop for a lot less than MFK wants for this. Solid neutral. 
I can't believe I am writing a review for this stuff, given how much I hated this when I first tried it. I am no lover or liker of sweet scents, so my initial reaction is unsurprising.

This is really were perfumery breaks the boundaries of harvesting fragrance from flowers or extracting essences from natural sources. Baccarat Rouge 540 is pure and simple synthetic from top to bottom.

There is no development here. The scent is literally a very sweet candy floss note (caramelised brown sugar) with ambrox.

So why am I reviewing this scent? The answer is a very firm "I have no idea!". What I do know is that I just keep coming back to it. I still don't like the sweetness, but it is addictive and if it keeps saying to your mind "come back and smell me" it has to be a good thing.

I am holding back giving it top marks though as it has to be said that there is nothing natural about this. The marketing blurb suggests a note of saffron, but I simply detect a highly sweetened strawberry-like note. That's not saffron. It's a bit like how you get strawberry-flavoured yoghurts, which might well be pleasant, but taste nothing like strawberry, yet you keep wanting more.

That said and not being an oud fan, this is clearly one of the brand's better creations to my nose. Is it worth the asking price? I'll let you be the judge of that.
Genre: Woods

Well, this is odd. 

I must be anosmic to most of what’s in here, because all I can smell is an enormous blast of undiluted Ambroxan. Take the synthetic "ambergris" base note from Green Irish Tweed, amplify it by the power of ten, and that's what I get from Baccarat Rouge. The extrait smells the same to me, though it might wear slightly closer to the skin. I’m honestly not sure what to think…

I do not really enjoy wearing this one. There something interesting in the smell that keeps me from giving it a thumbs down. I imagine I might like the smell coming from someone else. On me, it's too much, and not pleasant. It's sort of a slightly-burnt caramel smell, with something such as the listed balsam fir note mixed in. 
Stardate 20170629:

I remember sampling it in Bergdorf a year or so ago (2016) and it was more ambery saffrony and red. But the official sample is lighter and transparent. Perhaps things have changed with this one. My review is for the current version.
It is a  fairly simple italian style cologne with a sweet ambery base. Think AdP Colonia with touch of Jasmine up top and some amber and perhaps saffron and some musk.   
It is decent but pricey. Slight thumbs up
Beauty is in the eye of the Beholder. Personally,  this one is not for me. A little too sweet and feminine for my taste. On the other hand I can see why folks would appreciate 540. 

Quality notes, just not blended correctly IMO. MFK could have done without the orange note. It doesn't fit in with the other notes.
Really pleasant fragrance. Just too feminine for me. On a lady this would be great!! 
Rose dominated fragrance that can easily become cloying if more than 1-2 sprays applied.  

Leans feminine but does have similarities with other Montale rose-heavy fragrances that men wear, so if you're inclined to like those, then you might like this.

Performance is excellent, just a few sprays fills a room and lasts all day.
Portrait of a lady is one of those fragrances that starts up really good with lots of layers and many different notes that they blended together very well but unfortunately drys down to a much simpler scent and finally goes into a boring and many times has done before, earthy patchouli and rose combo!

The opening of this fragrance which in my opinion is the best part of it is a beautiful combination of patchouli, some floral notes, a mellow fruity scent in the background and some sweetness.
Patchouli gives the scent a bitter herbal, slightly green and soft earthy aura.
The floral part that obviously is because of rose is not rosy that much at the start! it has surrounded with different notes that they overpower over the rose and it can't not shine at the start that much!
There is a soft fruity scent completely in the background which can not be identified what it is (because it's so light) and a soft sweetness again in the background.

In the mid the fruity note is gone while patchouli and rose get stronger and at the same time some spices kick in.
In this part patchouli is sharper, more earthy along with sweeter and kind of jammy rose which is nice and a little bit of spice to add sharper edge to the scent.
The opening was really good but mid is something that I've smelled before and not that exciting!

In the base I can smell a strong and very earthy patchouli and sweet rose hand to hand till the end. something that is standard for many fragrances nowadays with oud, rose and patchouli in it. after a few minutes oud is gone and only thing that remains is sweet rose and earthy patchouli!
Same thing here only with different opening!
It's a nice scent but it doesn't worth  that price tag at all! 
Actually I like the name of the fragrance better than the smell! it's more elegant and sophisticated!
Projection is strong and longevity is something between 8-10 hours on the skin.
This one is a stunner on a test strip but on (my) skin it does not seem to say much of interest.  When I sniff my wrist I get more of a violet and iris vibe than I do much else, which is odd, considering the notes listed for the scent.  The drydown is quite pretty, though, and the best part of the scent for me.
I don't really get all the superlatives that others have mentioned. Apart from a semi-spicy opening and a trace of incense later, I would pretty much categorise this as a rose soliflore. It is very nice, with excellent sillage and longevity due to the heavy usage of musks. I don't detect much movement at all though and it is pretty linear. There are literally hundreds of scents (of varying quality) out there that are very similar to POAL -- even No. 89 by Floris rings bells and is a third of the price. I prefer rose based scents to have some edge and mystery about them, Lyric, Paestum Rose, CDG's White, ELdO's Rossy, etc. Mind you, if it was given to me, I'd wear it occasionally.
When I opened the tester I tought it was a mouthwash. This suddenly disappeared when I had put it on my skin. But there was nothing much but rose, rose, rose....It is nice rose but it is just not for me. 
Portrait of a Lady opens with a burst of spices which tickle the nose pleasantly. The rose arrives amidst the spices, and it is surprisingly bright (brighter than I thought it would be). In fact, it strongly reminded me of my experience with Bulgarian rose. The rose asserts itself as a constant presence. The berries, slightly sweet, appear soon as well and are, actually, quite prominent in this initial stage.  On my own skin, the incense makes a strong statement though it is softened by delicate musk notes. 

Overall, this is a softer, fruitier, and sweeter fragrance than I imagined. I can see how it could be perceived as baroque; yet, it feels completely modern. It is warm and spicy, with the rose still prominent in the dry-down. I think it will please rose and incense lovers, but it might disappoint those who have expected the level of maturity and sophistication that the rose in Amouage Lyric Woman, for example, emanates. Portrait could work well as an everyday choice, and it seems it is better suited for the colder days.  I like it well enough, but I will stick to JO's Ta'if for a gently-spiced rose for now. 

Longevity of Portrait of a Lady is excellent! Sillage is moderate on me. 

A surprising scent considering the name. I love rose and I love incense. The rose and incense are about equal in intensity. The incense has an artificial finish that is off putting. Real oud can have a bit, but for my nose it is not annoying. I wonder if this is an attempt to create an oud like Montale. A bit soulless for me Even if the artificial scent dies after 2 hours. At that point, it's nice, but I don't want to wait 2 hours.
Burberry London is probably one of the very few fragrances from this line to deserve some attention and, despite being far from what I generally consider a standout (probably a matter of personal tastes here), it's surely decent.

A bright citrus / yellow floral opening that's definitely modern and pretty nicely exectuted. On the other side though, it immediately shows a certain high-pitched quality that's typical of way too many mall type of fragrances. I'm generally a big fan of Antoine Maisondieu but I usually prefer his less mainstream stuff such as most of the fragrances he delivered for Etat Libre D'Orange. The fragrance then turns into a lavender-infused, sweet tobacco / amber base that could have easily been a whatever of the latest Dior famenines of a minor Chanel aimed at younger crowds.

All in all, this is a solidly done fragrance but neither as creative as Maisondieu can get nor particularly to my tastes. Ok.


I used to be a huge fan of this fragrance until not that long ago. Really enjoyed it last winter and also wore it during the warmer seasons. But as my experiences advanced and my personal fragrance arsenal expanded I have found this scent marginalized. The problem is that I have started picking up this slightly nauseating note in Burberry London that kinda ruined it for me. Not sure exactly what it is but it makes it difficult to tolerate this fragrance. This almost headache inducing property leads me to suspect that London is not the most "natural" composition out there. But there really shouldn't be any surprises in that regard, either... 
Decent fragrance.  Nothing groundbreaking IMO. A lot of cinnamon with  pepper and a touch of leather. OK fragrance. 6.5/10
Genre: Woody Oriental

London’s smooth, spicy opening develops into a sweet woody oriental accord, something akin to  Boucheron’s Jaïpur Homme or YSL's Body Kouros, but not as good. By that I mean the Boucheron’s and YSL's deeper, richer, more complex spiced vanilla- anise tonka bean accords leave London smelling scrawny, stingy, and artificial by comparison. (Especially so in Jaïpur’s EdP formula.) 

On top of that, London pretty much goes to pot in its early-arriving drydown, which is nondescript sweet vanillic woods. It’s adequate, but no more. I don’t smell half the notes in the scent pyramid above - no leather, no tobacco, no “port wine,” and certainly no moss – only mimosa (heliotropin), cinnamon, something vanillic, and weak opopanax

I understand why this is a popular scent: like Armani Code, Geir, or Platinum Egoïste, it smells pleasant and inoffensive. Fine if that’s what you’re after, but for more or less the same money, I’d go for something like Jaïpur Homme or Body Kouros. They pretty much do what London does, but at least twice as well. Wear London and you’ll smell “nice.” Wear Jaïpur Homme or Body Kouros and you’ll smell distinguished.

The initial blast of tobacco, lavender, bergamot and the a wine-note is very nice, but then, after about half an hour it disappears, very close to my skin, into a dull and generic base that lasts another ninety minutes or so.  Great start but then disappointing. 
As many others have said, fantastic scent with so-so projection and poor longevity. Scent is pretty much Christmas in a bottle - a woody (pine), tobacco scent that is especially great for colder weather. 10/10 for scent.

Unfortunately the projection isn't the best, and the longevity is downright bad - pretty much disappears within an hour or two. Really a shame given how lovely the scent is, but the only way to get any real mileage out of the scent is to reapply 5 or 6 times a day. Thumbs up for the scent, neutral on projection, thumbs down on longevity.....so everything taken together I'll go down the middle on this one. 

If they ever make even a 4-6 hour version with better projection, it'll be a thumbs way up.
Wish I could go either way with this one... Mad that it lasts for a couple minutes then doesn't exist anymore but I love those 8 to 10 minutes it lasts. C'mon Burberry make it last for 20 minutes at least...
Enjoyable scent, one of the best of the Burberry's I've tried but it doesn't last long at all.  2 hours as said above is about right for me too..  Very weak
This was a blind buy, and it smells great... but for some reason the opening smells a bit like tea, and I get a lot of spice. Like I said, it smells good, but it just isn't the type of thing I could love and wear all the time, especially because the longevity isn't great. Still, not a bad smell, some people love it, and for a good reason.
Few elements paint this pleasant but undistinguished fragrance, i mean first of all a citrus-lavender opening dynamic and almost bracing flanked by a masculine note of pepper lasting in time, elements  in a while fading towards a middle stage mastered by an heliotropic cinnamon-mimosa duo averagely mild and sharp than finally sliding on a bed of moss, powdery woods and smoky myrrh. The final smell is linear, talky and with a peppery and masculine undertone of tobacco. I absolutely don't detect the leather while the winey-citrusy-floral (almost feminine) vibe starts increasing with the running of the time. I agree with Off-Scenter, the smell is averagely pleasant, inoffensive but lacking of distinction, complexity, authority and classic allure. Mediocre scent in the same vein of Spicy Oriental Pecksniff's.
Very nice smelling fragrance for the fall and perhaps winter, but it lacks longevity and projection.  Unfortunately, my skin drinks this stuff up and the scent completely disappears after half an hour.  Such a shame.
smells great but personally I can not associate this smell with fragrance on a person. a little too gourmand I would say. 
I get cherry most of all. 

with that said, I would still wear this in winter.
Put this one on your skin and you will be basically saying to everybody: Hey, it's Christmas time!

Burberry London smells like pine tree mixed with spicy notes like cinnamon, and a hint of red wine. Very nice smell, but sadly it doesn't last. But this is not a thumbs down, I just wish it stays longer on my skin, since it is a pleasant smell all the way through.
It smells great for me, I mean, it ALMOST fits my personality because of the tobacco

Unfortunately, that was the best thing I could find in the store, and it proved not great as I thought, plainly because it does not last and has very poor projection...

I mean, I bought it hidden from my family, and I go around the house wearing it and NOONE notices, and noone EVER commented, but my girlfriend, and she only commented after hugging me and have her nose literally rubbed on it.
Nice smell , but I think there is too much hype with this fragrance.
As other reviewers say, this has a synthetic touch that annoys specially at the top and middle notes .
When it dries down is when this fragrance shows its good qualities.
The notes I feel the most are tobacco leaf, wine and pepper .
Longevity is better than average but projection is nearly absent, no one around you notes when you are wearing it.
Nice bottle covered in tweed. Not too expensive

Let's be neutral.
It's a nice smell, however, it can only be enjoyed in the cooler months.

Less is definitely more with this one as well.  If you spray more than 2 then you'll smell like cherry flavoured cough syrup.  But I recommend 1 spay to neck and 1 on the wrist and then tap the wrists to enjoy it to it's fullest.
Nice smell indeed.

But with such weak projection and longevity I really don't know when is the best time to use this scent...

Summer, and you smell like a Xmas tree. Winter and no one can really smell you!
There are basically two fragrances here.  One is the same that is in Cuba Red, which is dry, at least slightly synthetic, woody, and spicy.  The other is dominated by the "port wine" note.  The "problem" is that the port wine thing doesn't last that long, and you are left with Cuba Red, more or less.  This is why I can't give it a positive review (and also because it is at least slightly synthetic to my nose).  The Cuba Red type of thing lasts a long time, but with modest projection/"sillage."  I swapped mine off, but I kept a bottle of Cuba Red, though I don't wear it often, because of the big price difference.
I love this fragrance, I truly do.  However, when it comes to perfumes, one must also take into account other people's opinions.  I was given a big sample of Burberry London and I used it for a week.  I fell in love with the tobacco/wine note.  In fact, this rich sweet note reminds me of aromatic pipe tobacco which I find rather interesting.  I could not bring myself to buy BL though.  I only got bad comments on this EDT.  Someone told me that I smelled like I an empty bottle of cheap booze.  A French guy who works with me told me I smelled like "la goutte", which is an old home remedy for the cold, I think.  When I asked some friends what they thought of BL, the most positive comment I got was "Well, it sure is special" (in my book, this is a polite way to say:  "I don't care for it but, hey, it's none of my business!").  Anyway, I may buy a bottle just for my personal pleasure.  I could wear BL in the privacy of my own home without offending anyone.  Too bad...
 What seemed at first like a real contender of a fragrance turned out to be a great pretender. The sweet, jammy port with the tobacco, pepper, and leather is certainly classy in a delicious way and really the composition is original and refreshing. What ultimately prevented me from loving/buying London is the fact that it's got all the endurance of a doughnut enthusiast in a footrace. 
i loved this at first and thought i'd found a grail. then i got bored. most of my fragrance purchases seem to end up like this LOL! perhaps it is indeed better suited for the place it is named after but during the holidays it is nice to break this out once in awhile.
Burberry London is unique. It stands apart from the others. I finally got some after reading all the reviews and raves. I sprayed some on my wrist about an hour ago and it is beginning to settle down from the initial spritz. I do not perceive any Christmas trees, pine, or anything like that. As it settles down it comes across as very rich, and people are using the word "boozy," whatever that means, and I guess it is appropriate--like someone's warm breath who's been drinking sweet wine--so I suppose I am detecting the port wine note. It's a nice aroma--the port wine, that is--and I think I can detect the leather note, too. Hmmm, I just remembered an old fragrance I have called "Casual Friday," and London definitely reminds me of that fragrance. (I just found my bottle of Casual Friday and sprayed some on a tissue. It is indeed, similar). CF is not as deep and "boozy," but there are some similarities. Even now, almost an hour after initial application I can't detect much else. It's a pleasant fragrance, to be sure, and very sophisticated, so it would be appropriate for formal occasions and a night out on the town. It's extremely masculine, and hearkens back to men's fragrances of years gone by. I like it, and I'll wear it, but I don't think it will become a favorite. As a side note:  I find Burberry Brit (the ladies version) to be more spectacular than this. Although worlds apart in aroma and characteristics, Brit--used in moderation--could easily be worn by a man, and is a masterpiece of a scent, in my opinion. Forgive me for throwing that in, since it has nothing to do with London. I just have strong feelings about Brit, too. 
One of the better Burberry scents for men.  And that's probably because it emulates a true classic, that being Polo Green by Ralph Lauren.  The opening is a redo of Polo in a lighter version.  The mid to basenotes are okay, but all around sort of a disappointment.  This scent idea is better done in Polo Modern Reserve.  At the very end of its progression one is left with something akin to the scent of a bakery that specializes in cinnamon raisin bread.  I always pick the raisins out of my cinammon bread  and it's what I want to do with London.  I'll have to pass on this.
This scent was great from the initial blast through dry down and into the base notes. Unfortunately it faded just as fast.  On the plus, it never failed at gaining a complement as long as a lady was around within the first 1.5 - 2 hours.
London is actually a very nice scent--warm, woody, and somewhat gourmand--but it is not one that will always be in my collection.  The longevity is absolutely horrible.  I get around 2-3 hours maybe, but the sillage is nice for the first hour....
On my skin, the opening of London for Men is a port wine soaked cinnamon bun with coconut covered icing. It would be nice to eat, but I’m not sure I want to smell like this without having said bun in my hand.As time passes the sweetness eases and a little bit of wood arrives. The wood is always in soft focus, because the syrupiness of the port wine permeates everything.The dry down is the best part of London for Men. The tobacco is close to fresh cut leaf and blends better with the port wine than with any other note in the fragrance.If you’re up for booze and bakery, then London for Men might be just the thing, but if you are after real quality try Boucheron Jaipur pour Homme instead. Jaipur is richer, deeper, and clearer.
Interior in Strandgade, Sunlight on the Floor by Vilhelm Hammershoi 1901
*yawn* 

I've been trying to like Alien for some time now. I feel like Mugler outs so much effort into it, there must be something I'm missing. Alas, it seems to have been watered down over the years and is more banal than ever before. There's some jasmine, some woodiness, and...that's it. 

I know it's no longer available, but but Miroir des Envies take the same concept of jasmine, toasted notes, woods, and "solar notes", but does it on an immensely more interesting scale. Since that's no longer made, the next best thing is Alien Essence Absolute, which leans more toward the warmer, vanilla tones. 

Not terrible, but compared to Angel (of yore at least), and the most recent addition, Aura (who did "safe" right), Alien is a let-down. 

If you want to emit the idea that you're wearing a fragrance, without any notion of which one, Alien is a safe buy. But you can do so much better. 
Alien is the perfect name for this fragrance. With only three notes Jasmine, woods & amber you would think it is a simple fragrance which it is yet not really.

Alien is all about Jasmine, she dominates the entire show from the moment you spray her until the end. The woods and amber do show up but they don't have a prayer in hell with the Jasmine leading the forefront. Now there is a problem here, it is with Jasmine. I so happen to like Jasmine but Mugler seemed like he wanted to amp it to 100x's & on top of that it can come off as a synthetic mess! 

Yes Alien is a bit to synthetic for my taste as I use to wear it sometimes, tho there was always this almost stomach turning feeling I'd get from this & I knew it was from the Jasmine. On the bright side, it will get you noticed across a stadium & it will last on you from sun up till sun down. Normally only Aliens have that type of power. :) Nice, but a no for me as my nose cannot bare it anymore. 
 It's just a cheaper regurgitation and intentionally weird repackaging of Hypnotic Poison, devoid of any of its richness, class, and easy suavity- like Nicki Minaj and Lady Gaga trying to recreate classic Madonna with added shock appeal. It would be pleasant if the sweetness didn't make the construction so opaque.

If you want to like Alien and Hypnotic Poison but feel they're not quite for you try tracking down a sample of Deep Night by Ghost. 
Something I've found with most Mugler perfumes is that when I first try them, they are something completely new and different. However, once I have worn them  a few times, and I'm used to them, they lose their novelty, and I find them too sweet, too gourmand and too strong. This is exactly what happened with Alien: I loved it at first, but now, I'm afraid I find it a rather loud and brash scent, which shouts overly sweet vanilla and jasmine. Less than halfway through my one and only bottle of Alien, I really had had enough of it. Definitely not a perfume I would ever want again.
Genre: Floral Oriental


Notes: Sambac jasmine, Cashmeran, “solar note,” white amber.

The idea here is kind of fun: take a familiar, even ubiquitous, fragrance ingredient - like jasmine - and amp it up so high it starts to smell strange, jarring, or even…alien. Alien’s jasmine is so intense, so overflowing with indolic decadence, that it no longer smells remotely like a flower. While I find it interesting, I’m not at all sure it’s wearable, or even particularly pleasant. In its sheer overindulgence, its monstrous scale, and its hair-raising volume, Alien can feel more like a stunt than a perfume. For all of its weight, it also smells a little bit bare, like a large house with insufficient architectural detail for its bulk. 

Alien’s predecessor, Angel, was a stunt of sorts, but it generated a fascinating internal tension by juxtaposing accords which by all rights ought to have been incompatible. Alien, in contrast, is monolithic, its entire structure devoted to supporting the elephantine jasmine. In this regard it is a degree less clever, and at Alien’s outlandish proportions, any deficit in wit can render a fragrance fatally vulgar. That said, Alien comes within a hair’s breadth of being truly great. 

The balance hangs upon the drydown. Even without Angel’s clever internal contradictions, Aliens’s jasmine from another planet might have amounted to brilliance were the drydown suitably dramatic or transcendent. With a surprise ending – say a plush, animalic leather, or even the indulgent luxury of creamy sandalwood and musk that Dominique Ropion supplied for his same year’s Carnal Flower, I’d count Alien a work of genius. As it is, Alien’s unadventurous artificial wood (Cashmeran) and laundry detergent musk base notes are a letdown, and any sense of anticipation deflates upon their arrival. The base notes, while commonplace, play at the same extraordinary volume as everything that’s come before, with the unfortunate result that the drydown displays all the charm of the Oscar Meyer ditty played by the Berlin Philharmonic brass section. Too bad – it came so close…

Really a nice fragrance with the sambac and jasmine giving it a floral note. The wood sets in later and the amber together with the floral side makes it too sweet for my taste, but it is an interesting scent, although not spectacular. 
To properly appreciate this composition by Dominique Ropion and Laurent Bruyere you don't have to simply like jasmine, you should instead love JASMINE (say it as loud as you can).
When a new fragrance from Thierry Muglier comes to light, it's always surrounded by big expectations, and lately this expectations have been sadly unsatisfied.
Alien provides us with all the ingredients we usually expect form Thierry Muglier (juxtapositions, uniqueness, sweetness, pushed to the limits ingredients, weird bottle and advertisement) but it does it in the wrong way. This time Mr Ropion has simply failed. It happens, even to the best perfumeurs.

Overall Alien is a nice scent but remember that the word "nice" can be pronounced in several ways. In this case you should say it without even opening your mouth.
Like Angel this has unbeatable staying power and sillage but it's not as adventurous in its composition-it's straight up jasmine and quite linear on me. It would definitely be too strong for some but on my dry skin it doesn't evaporate right off like most perfumes... the boyfriend loves it but i'm indifferent.
Ambivalence. Depending on weather, body chemistry, and amount sprayed, Alien can be either delightfully floral, warm, and woody or overpoweringly vanillic, sweet and synthetic. Today it was the latter, and when it manifests like this on me, I really don't like it. On gentler days, Alien has a synthetic, metallic quality which can appear as gasoline, lighter fluid, or acetone. This adds an intriguing edge. The opening is powerful, lasts for hours, and screams JASMINE! soaked in gasoline or acetone: a heavy floral cut with a dark industrial note. This makes Alien interesting but can also lead to headaches. A synthetic vanilla rises. This makes it a little...boring. Pretty, but boring. As the juice dries down, it becomes far tamer and less interesting: amber, wood, the Cashmeran accord. It's a nice floral-oriental, but it looses that weird quality that it has in the opening when all the notes are jumbling together like in a particle accelerator. Overall, it's a very feminine, floral fragrance but doesn't align with the bottle or concept at all. Alien? How? If Dominique Ropion had been able to extend that synthetic quality throughout the scent's life, then yes, perhaps it would really smell like something alien...a strange creature from a planet covered in white flowers who has acetone for blood. That would create an interesting juxtaposition. But that quality fades rather quickly and we're left with a jasmine/wood/vanilla juice that smells like something a matronly 5th Avenue Lady Who Lunches would wear rather than something that might waft off an alien being. Too bad too, because I really wanted to love this one. Long lasting, massive sillage (alien fumes!), headache inducing if over-applied, slightly opulent, very linear, feminine, ok for day but absolutely for night, and a bit boring. 
At first application I got anise, pepper and grapes. Yuck. Softened with wear and got smokier. I prefer drydown much more than the opening but even so, this is just neutral to me. I don't find it overpowering if applied very lightly. 
At first sniff this smells God-awful. Like some super heady synthetic sludge. Synthetic and overpowering, not nice at all. It has a sweet play-doh-y feeling and a slight woodiness--but the woodiness seems very synthetic and not very deep to me. I can say that it does smell very foreign, and very alien, and that's not just the ad copy influencing me. The question is, is it a good kind of foreignness, or is it just wrong? As those awful and scary topnotes dry down, the jasmine, the best aspect of this fragrance, comes to the front. The Jasmine and vanilla combine to create a sweet accord which to my nose lacks depth. I keep wanting the woods to come out more to play. The first two hours after the loss of that awful synthetic ugh are this lovely jasmine powder scent, which is very appealing. I begin to like it more the longer I wear it. It is like the smell of jasmine soap in the shower when it picks up the unwashed human body smell and becomes sort of tangy and vanilla-y. Alien at this point seems old-fashioned but still synthetic, and it retains hints of that same weirdness that are so disturbing at the beginning.Unfortunately, just as I was about to add this intriguing scent to my bottle wishlist--I need a nice jasmine-the jasmine pulled away, and I was left with a cheap smelling synthetic on my arm with way too much longevity. I mean, all of a sudden, it started smelling like the more egregiously synthetic abominations of Bath and Body works. Just bad.
I have mixed feelings about Alien; it really is a lovely fragrance (particularly in the richer Parfum version). It turns into a sweet vanilla-jasmine scent on me, which is very familiar, and not entirely unique. There are green and spice notes in there too, but they are faint. The EDP tends to get a vanilla ice cream note after a few hours, which is a little sickly. For me it isn't a particularly sophisticated perfume, and a little too "edible", though I have smelled it on other people, and it has developed into something much deeper altogether.The real downside, is that Alien is incredibly strong; annoyingly so (traditionally strong fragrances such as Narcisse Noir or even Poison pale into insignificance here!)! Even the smallest squirt of EDP or dab of Parfum is evident on my wrist 2 days and 3 baths later! If Alien floats your boat, I'm sure you won't mind this, but I found it quite annoying, especially when I wanted to wear a different perfume the following day. It definitely isn't a fragrance I would want to wear day after day; a tester once or twice a year is enough for me.
I am not into florals of any nature, but there is something so beautiful about Alien making it the type of fragrance you would wear in the most beautiful sunlit, forest, fantasy-like setting.  If I wore oriental florals, my choice would be Angel.
I find this scent highly confusing. To me, a fragrance should evoke an emotional response similar to: "mmm.. more". However, when I smell Alien it's almost as if the scent is telling me to back off. I feel guilty sniffing it, as if I'm breaking the boundaries of privacy. I have yet to smell this perfume on someone. I wonder if my emotional response to it will be to leave them alone.Other than that it seems a very interesting scent. However, as 'm not comfortable with it, it's not one for me.
I'm still on the fence on this one. I got a mini of it, and I could smell it strongly even before I opened it. I wore it for a few hours, and couldn't decide if I like it. It is like nothing else I've ever worn. Even though I don't see it in the description, the top notes were lemon, lemon, lemon, and then definitely the musk. It is interesting, and would definitely turn heads, but I doubt I'll buy any more. 
It's seems sophisticated and grown up, yet its smell kinda reminds me of rubber. I think it's alright...
Interesting "sexy" jasmine with airy woods. This would smell great on any girl. 
After the first overpowering whiff of sharp jasmine this settles into what really struck me as a slight licorice scent (I love licorice).  Its probably the jasmine softening and mixing with the amber.  It settles nicely, but the jasmine is probably a bit too much for me (and my wife).  But still pleasantly surprised by this frag. which is very strong and will hang around you for a long time.
Alien is not an easy scent to like,I think..I have to admit that the first time I tried it I really hated it!I found it sour and weird smelling.However I've learned from experience that I need to retest most of the scents I try several times and with a huge time gap between.Alien also reminded me a bit of Crystal Noir in the beginning,but it's cooler and less sweet.Not sure what caused me feeling that way about it,because now I find them really different from eachother.On me Alien smells mostly of Jasmine,but it gradually warms a little up and the amber comes through.It also has a quite green quality about it I think.I've grown to like this scent more and more,but it's defenitely a scent I would have to be in the mood for.Defenitely a very original mix of notes and the bottle is cool too.
Every year retailers put out Christmas decorations and merchandise earlier and earlier.  Walking through the fragrance section at Saks the day after Halloween, I smelled this wonderful holiday smell as I noticed the store was already decorated for Christmas.  The smell turned out to be a Jo Malone candle of Pomegranate Noir.  Being curious I noticed the line included a PN fragrance, so I gave it a spray to the wrist.  Right on queue, I got the same spiced fruit scent that I had detected in the shop candle.  To describe the fragrance, it's simply a holiday spice fruit that isn't gourmand or overly sweet, so it's ultimately wearable.  There's a little bit of wood and patchouli underneath, but it's fairly light.  I could detect it close to my skin for about 4 hours.  Nice, but not exactly my style, so a neutral and a pass for me.
On my skin this opens with pungent fruit and spice (mainly clove). I like this part, it's almost a medicinal scent.
Unfortunately it soon dries down to a syrupy sweet fruity note minus the clove and remains there.

Genre: Woods

Pepper and fruit - is it the mutant offspring of Piper Nigrum and Millesime Imperial? No, not with that transparent incense and dark leather drydown. No mentholated cold remedy here for me; just a series of novel accords that keep me guessing right the way through. 

I have to agree with Qaurry: this ranks with Cuir d'Oranger as one of the most pleasant fragrance surprises I've had in quite some time. Unisex in my opinion, and though it's not long lasting (4 hours tops) it is surprisingly potent for a cologne strength fragrance. I suppose I'll have to buy some in the fall...

...Six months later: my initial enjoyment of this scent has faded. I've come to find it overbearing and oppressive. While its novelty is undeniable, I don't like the mood it puts me in.

I used to love this and wear all the time and then an ex boyfriend of mine when we were dining out said lets move i can smell the disinfectant from the loo.........then realising when we had moved it was this perfume.... he was dumped and i have never worn it since but did love it!!
Really dark or better "incensey noir". This fragrance doesn't introduce the kind of accords i use to love and before testing it i tended to figure that the  smell could  be to much fruity or like fruity candy's juice full of colorants. Thanks God it doesn't happen with this concoction that is finally centralized on the main notes of frankincense, pepper and patchouli with some fruity aftertastes in the middle of the mist.  Obviously the initial fruity accord of plums, pomegranate and wild berries turns out slightly viney and a  bit crude but the intromission of dark patchouli, pepper, nutmeg and incense produces since the beginning a sort of enigmatic, medicinal, aromatic and dusty aroma that with the walk of time slides towards a more balanced woodiness with some edible fruity aftertastes swirling around. The outcome is something meditative and slightly ancestral.
With notes of clove, pumpkin, and persimmon, this seems like a scent to use in the fall, especially around Thanksgiving.  Aggressive and rather pungent, there isn't much subtlety here.  Someone described it as "linear" - the scent never changes from splash-on to fade-out.  Long-lasting.
Very nice and opened my eyes to how cool pomegranate can be, but it draws attention to itself just a little too much. Worth trying for sure.
Very, very nice opening. Though it doesn't smell precisely like pomegranate, it does a good job emulating it. Dark, woody fruits is really it. However, it fades out after about an hour but during that hour it's really nice.
Like Coastfansocal, I got the hint of Vick's Vapor Rub, but not all that much camphor.  I did not get the cedar chips in the hamster cage, but after a couple of hours, it has subsided and I can get some smoothness.  Redhot candies, maybe that is what it might be on some.  But I do say that the scent is not one to throw away after your first wear it.  Have to give it some wearing, maybe like a Piper Nigrum.  Many scents, I can tell from first sniff I won't like them, and those that have vanilla or powder, easily get tossed.  Not so.  This is my first Jo Malone sample to test, and while I tend to think this line gets less favored status, well, this is well made.  I am going to give this a neutral, as I do not dislike it, but that Vick's Vapor Rub at first gets me.  Now, someone remind me to come back and revisit this fragrance.
Not your typical rose.  This is a floral woody musk. The wood and musk really ground the floral.  I'm not sure how unique it is although I've never smelled anything quite like this.  I do think it leans more feminine however, I can see it manageable for a male as the wood really grounds the rose.  Not much longevity, not much silliage but nevertheless a nice non offensive scent.  
A pleasant enough woody rose but almost no projection or longevity on me - more or less a skin scent within half an hour. 
Le Labo is strangeness for the sake of it, and puts odd quotes from Henry David Thoreau at the forefront of their "manifesto", and styles themselves in a very humorless scientific fashion, with their very name meaning "The Laboratory" in French. Furthering their artistic idiosyncrasies, they don't use any animal products but painstakingly replicate animal notes from synthetics, including their own house-made castoreum proxy, and will even make "fresh" batches of their compositions by compounding them in person at their boutiques (product sold elsewhere is ready-made), signing the name of the client on the empty lines beneath the scent title on the label of the bottle itself. Still not done, Le Labo also amusingly names their scents after a single note despite that note almost always not being the star of the composition, but rather a supporting player, making everything they sell an intentional misnomer. The "dirty yet clean" approach is on full display here with Rose 31 (2006), created by mostly-niche perfumer Daphne Bugey. Rose does indeed open Rose 31, but soon after, is overtaken by everything else in the compositon and leaves the wearer with a clean, musky, slightly animalic, clinically-pleasant fragrance that would seem just like what somebody devoid of levity in lab coat attire would create. Some of Le Labo's other scents, like Santal 33 (2011) actually go somewhere worthwhile with their avant-garde "it is but it isn't" shtick, ending up being something surprisingly enjoyable and if not worth the price, still worth consideration, but not Rose 31.  

Rose 31 does a remarkable job of opening like pure rose petals, almost as if just the bud of the rose found in Creed Fleurs de Bulgarie (1980) was separated from the rest of the plant and suspended in ether for all to sniff. This opening moment only lasts literally but a moment, as arms reach up from chemical Hell to grab at that rosebud, with Iso E Super and ambrette followed by cumin and synthetic castoreum. The hay-like transition from what Le Labo calls a Centifolia rose are caused by a very dry medicinal oud/cedar mixture, vetiver, and olibanum. The base of gaiac wood and musk is where this finishes, with the dirty rolling into the clean laundry musk and soft woody notes, likely also bolstered with synthetics. Wisps of labdanum also come and go near the end, but all I get in the finish is a weak woodsy dry musk with hints of rose, like somebody yanked the Comet cleanser scratch out of Tom Ford Oud Wood (2007) and shoved some musk and rose in it before diluting to half-strength without dropping the price tag to compensate. For all the science and artistic esoterica on display at Le Labo, the performance of Rose 31 is pretty limpid, with just 4 hours of any real radiance, then skin scent for another 4 before reapplication is needed. I won't remind you that very little rose is here because as I mentioned above, Le Labo always makes a supporting player the star of the scent, maybe as some kind of joke, but overall this is probably one of the most "designer" niche scents I've smelled, which I hope is part of some intentional irony on the company's behalf or else this is an absurd ripoff. Rose 31 really is the rose perfume for somebody who wants to pretend they like rose because it seems refined, and as a cool edgy laboratory-themed bottle to show off to confirm their good taste. 

I don't hate Rose 31, but there are much better scents in this vein, even ones that just flirt with being a rose and/or oud fragrance without actually committing, both at the price points this is found, and much much lower. Anything sporting rose and/or oud from the Tom Ford Private Collection or Mancera/Montale is better than this, and anything from more affordable lines like the Aramis Perfume Calligraphy series, or rose-inflected flankers of major designers like Cartier Déclaration d'un Soir (2012) and Yves Saint Laurent L'Homme Ultime (2016) will give more bang for the buck than this. Hell, even Cabaret de Grès (2003) does this better, albeit with a bit more noticeable synthetics, but at least gives performance where Rose 31 lacks. Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle Portrait of a Lady (2010) would at least give people who dropped the similarly-exorbitant asking price for it a full dose of something rose and woodsy, but Le Labo Rose 31 really just sits there and tries to blow smoke rings with the tag line of "the future of luxury [...] lies in craftsmanship", tossing the aforementioned literary figure (and then some) at you while insisting that their little high school science fair presentation is something truly a cut above the norm. Well I'm not buying it, nor am I buying this fragrance. Definitely sample as your opinion may differ from mine, but the neutral rating here is a kindness considering this is one "rose" that should have stayed in the laboratory. 
Rose 31 is a 'rose' fragrance that is beautiful and frustrating. Rose is not the main actor: it's in the supporting cast. This will be unsurprising to anyone familiar with the Le Labo range: Le Labo, for some strange reason, names its perfumes in a manner at odds with the compositions. Most of the names are misnomers, and Rose 31 is no exception.

Back to Rose 31: it is primarily a dry, woody fragrance. There is a mild spicy aspect to the composition, attributable to the cumin; this lends an imagination to the perfume. The other aspect is, of course, the rose. The rose is a sleek, polished, and urbane affair. The dry, peppery woods are a blend of cedar and iso e super notes. This rose-cumin-woods structure is reasonably well done and even attractive. Yet, it is hard not to look beyond the shortcomings. 

The central gripe about Rose 31 is that it is rather thin from the mid phase onwards, somewhat unsatisfying, and too bare bones. Additionally, it is rather muted on skin and duration is about five to six hours based on a generous application. At this market segment one would expect something of a higher quality. Nonetheless, it is an improvement on something like Lumiere Noire pour Homme, with which it shares a similar rose note. Rose 31, though, is in much closer territory to Declaration d'Un Soir - and the latter is at least as compelling as Rose 31, and at a sixth of its price. 

A more concentrated version with less synthetic wood notes in the dry down would be a great improvement. In its current state, Rose 31 yet another niche fragrance from yet another niche brand where everything talks louder and prouder than the product itself: the perfume. 

3/5
Like everything by Le Labo: Weak.
This is a good and quality rose based fragrance.
The opening is strong, dark and sweet rose scent plus some spicy notes.
It doesn't smell like smooth an light feminine rose based fragrances. it's very dark and masculine.
In the mid, the rose note settle down and small dose of woodsy notes and vetiver joining in, but they are weak in the background.
In the base very smooth, light and transparent rose note dominate which isn't masculine and may be feminine for you but it's very natural and pleasant and give you a very relaxing feeling.
Average projection and longevity.
Incense and wood

	This one has a lot of incense and woods (cedar) which smother the rose note slightly, until the florals (rose) kicks in and mellows the whole fragrance. This one could be considered unisex IMO. this one could be worn year round, as long as you go light on the sprays in the spring and summer months.

Pros: Elegant rose
Cons: slight skankiness on intial spray
A good example of a fragrance that starts out great only to turn less and less appealing as it develops. In Rose 31, all the good stuff is concentrated in the excellent top notes featuring a beautiful "dirty" rose intriguingly supported by a hearty dose of cumin. However, this compelling start quickly transforms into an unpleasantly sour, almost vinegary, spicy-woody base as insipid as it is intensely persistent.
Unlike many other previous reviewers, I find the rose theme quite distinct here with the rose note present in all stages as the main point of reference. Unfortunately, however, in the long run the opening is neither interesting nor substantial enough to adequately compensate for the disagreeable base. I can therefore only give this a neutral rating, despite its very good start.       
I was expecting something completely different from this and I'm not very impressed overall.
The top reminded me of EDB from L'occitane without the mint; it's that cedar \ fresh cut tobacco accord going on, it's almost overpowering.  The rose in this is very dry, not floral or sweet, and I must say it takes some time for it to show up.  I dunno, I guess I prefer something like noir de noir from Tom Ford when it comes to rose.  No thumbs down because it's not a bad scent, it's just not something I could see myself wearing any time soon.
If I were smelling Rose 31 for the first time, I would have given it a thumbs up. I rather enjoy its subtle rose note that continues well into the drydown as an underlying and identifying scent. But guess what? I have smelled this scent well before its 2006 debut. In the early 2000s I was given a bottle of Estee Lauder's JHL which I wore and liked. This one debuted in 1986.  Minus the cumin note, Rose 31 is a dead ringer for JHL. Imitation is not flattery when it comes to fragrance. There are at least two other scents which also smell like Rose 31: the very new Bond No 9 New York Amber, and Burberry Brit. All four fragrances share the rose note, but it isn't just that - they all remind me too much of one another. If you are a fan of rose as a masculine scent, give this a try. Of the four fragrances mentioned in this review I'd say that Bond No 9 New York Amber smells the most interesting on my skin, but Rose 31 uses the rose note to the highest degree of efficacy. As for the other two, Burberry Brit smells slightly more masculine than JHL which, though pleasant, was a bit cloying. As implied above the neutral is only because of imitation. As it stands alone, Rose 31 should have made it to thumbs up because it really is very nice - just not at all unique.

Well I have my Le Labo samples in the post today and have been wearing three sprays of Rose 31.

Just after application I am getting a Cumin note which I usually hate but in this it seems most agreeable and sensual. Then the pink rose comes through which is nice but a bit to perfumery to the nose in a feminine way. 

Then what spoils the party for me is the sythetic iso-e super note that mingles with the rose and cumin notes. As I am smelling the interplay between the rose and cumin this chemical iso e super accord interrupts what could have been a nice interplay between the notes.

The fragrance as a whole seems heavy handed and a bit jarring with the rose been to perfumery with that chemical accord  disrupting any harmony. Iso e super in Amouages Jubilation is well done and adds to the composition. But here it makes the fragrance smell like a ladys underarm deodorant.

After smelling the  wondrous glory of Maison Francis Kurkdjians Lumiere Noire Pour Homme this one comes as a disappointment. 

Overall it smells ok but so do a hundred other fragrances.:sad:
Fragrance Is very linear, not a dirty rose at all very femine...only get 4 hours max on longevity, very dissapointed after buying this on a blind buy.... average fragrance overall nice but not impressed unfornately.
If you don't love roses, better not go here.
Despite what others have written, Roses dominate.
It's not all that dirty, it's too linear, it's not worth the cost.
Had a sample of Bogart  pour Homme on my other wrist applied at the same time.
5 out of 5 co-workers preferred the more modestly priced Jacques de Paris.
Although I absolutely do not enjoy this fragrance, I need to give credit where credit is due. Immediately, the rose is detectable upon the initial spray/splash of the top notes and for me, that's all I detect. It's a very subdued yet masculine rose that exudes something very sensual but as the basenotes appear, that all changes. One thing, out of all the rose scents that I've encountered, this one has to be the most natural but when the cedar arrives, it ruins the whole aura of the scent. The cedar is too overpowering/cloying and masks everything the rose is trying to present. The two blended extremes almost seem to be competing with one another only the cedar always has the upper-hand. It's just wasn't my type of scent at all but as I said before, I can appreciate the unique blend of cedar and rose and how the two components come together to create something so different and so natural. I'd say that this scent is perfect for someone 40 and up. Maybe if Le Labo ever decides to make a scent that is rose and only rose, I'll invest in it, but I'll save this one for a cedar lover. 
There's rose in here? Don't buy this expecting to find much rose. It's actually one of the  strongest cedar scents I've tried. Cedar is about the only note I find for most of the life of this fragrance. Awfully expensive cedar. To each his own, but it's not for me.
Very light, transparant, soft woody-rose. I picture a rose in a sterile clean room when I smell this scent. Very different than the roses found in Hammam Bouquet, C&S No. 88 or Floris No 89 and the likes.Very wearable, not so much original, and quite expensive. Oh and, I'd say this is perfectly unisex, and a summery floral scent.
Notes: rose, cumin, olibanum (frankincense), cedar, amber, Gaïac wood (champaca), cistus (labdanum), “animal note.”I like this scent, but I feel it could be more.  It is advertised as a rose scent for men – and yet the rose note on me is pretty meager.  What dominates is cumin and cedar.  Thus, I find this to be a interestingly dry, slightly sweaty, woody scent.  The opening is excellent, with dry resinous frankincense notes.  But these quickly get lost in the cumin (sweat) and cedar (pencil shavings) notes.  These are controlled and so not obnoxious, but they are definitely the focal-point.  Somewhere in all of this are hints of rose, but they never successfully surface.Something like Czech and Speake No. 88 does the male rose presentation more successfully, in my opinion.  I like woody scents, and this is well done in that type.  But since the name is rose, it should have more rose!
Well, I bought this blind along with a bottle of Oud 27. I had had a sample of Oud and really enjoyed it but did not have Rose. Reading up on Rose 31, it seemed like my kind of frag. Well, I have to admit that it was underwhelming. Overall I'd characterize this as a very subtle, dry, fresh rose petal & wood scent. It IS nice but it is subtle and it clearly makes you think of a freshly-cut young rose bud, not a big rose bloom projecting its fragrance across a lawn. Now, for all of that analysis, the rose is not the prominent feature of this fragrance - it's a warm, sort of dull woody base, and yes, it is regrettably only a skip and a hop away from my Oud 27. I haven't tried any other Le Labos but from the reviews this may be held in common with other bottles they produce. While this fragrance is nice, it is a bit too subtle, too warm & dry, to justify its lofty price tag. Competition at that level is for some pretty grand creations and grand, this is not - the opposite. My final observation, and this is more than just a nitpick, is that the vaporizer pickup tube in my bottle is cut short. It doesn't reach the bottom of the bottle. When I get down there, it'll leave up to a good 15ml at the bottom that I just can't reach. I"ll have to see if I can pull apart the vaporizer without damaging the bottle to get at that last bit. That's pretty downright disappointing... for a bottle that costs you $200, you sure don't want to open up and find out that there is $30 at the bottom that you'll never be able to reach without modifications! Despite how thoroughly I enjoy Oud 27, I am disinclined to buy or even try any further Le Labo fragrances on account of this bottle.
Rose 31 is my first Le Labo fragrance, recommended to me by a friend who had to twist my arm a bit to give it a shot. I'm glad I did!This is the first rose fragrance I really took seriously, having been under the assumption that all rose fragrances were feminine and uncomfortable for a guy to wear. The image I had was an old lady splashing rosewater or smearing rose moisturizer all over her skin. Not exactly an image I wanted to evoke or portray. But Rose 31, like many have said, isn't really about the rose so much. Yes, it's there - but it's blended enough to become palatable for those who have a rose phobia. The sillage is great in the first two hours, or so. Longevity is 6 hours on me which is just about right.The dry-down is the nicest part of Rose 31. It's classy, elegant and refined. Everybody should try this - especially men, as there are elements of incense and woods that show up during the development that are unquestionably masculine. Don't let rose phobia keep you away. Rose 31 will be a staple in my wardrobe, perhaps not as my favorite rose as I discover some other beauties, but I won't deny its greatness.
Reminds me very strongly of Voleurs de Roses and the difference between the two is that Rose 31 combines the green with wood and maybe some slight animalics in there. The wood and animalics are used to create a certain affect, you do not pick them out and say ' oh this is wood, or oohh I think that is civet' but they warm the fragrance up a little and settles it down on your skin. The opening is very green and made me sneeze. For the price I'd go with Voleurs de Roses and layer it with something if you insist on having the basenotes there. It is warmer and less fresh than Voleurs de Roses, but still very closely related to it.
I find rose fragrances much too heavy and harsh (the only exception being the magnificent No.88). However, I think this one is slightly better than other "rose colossi", like Black Aoud and Voleur de Roses, but still not very wearable.
I don't smell rose, though maybe just a little. I smell what's below the rose bud, the woods and leaves. With a touch of incense. You know, just like Vetiver 46 and other Le Labo's. Seems like what they do is make vats of the same perfume and drop in a dash of neroli, rose, bergamot, whatever into the mixtures and call them that and sell them for large wads of cash monies. What a joke. Fragrance isn't bad.
I've had my Le Labo Rose 31 experience, and I'm here to say, guys, this is a manly rose fragrance--in a unique way. This is an animalic rose on the raunchy side.  It has a funky musk base with a nice, smooth rose heart.   It smells like a man wearing rose fragrance.   In that way, it reminds me of a mild version of Muscs Kublai Kahn with roses.  The only reason I give it a neutral rating is because it smells LIKE a man as much as FOR a man.  Although I would enjoy smelling it on a man, I would not wear it (nor MKK) myself.  If I were a man, I would give it a thumbs up.  To be sure, it is not fecal like Rasa Extreme; rather, it is spicy like sweat and naughty like musk.    This is a well-balanced scent.  The cumin does not bowl you over, as it did in Alexander McQueen Kingdom, and the rose is prominantly featured from beginning to end whereas, in Kingdom, it crept out of the sandalwood as a chypre rose in the final stages.  Rose 31, it is fresh and real.   However, I repeat, it is animalic.  Compared to Lorenzo Villoresi Musk, which is another rose and musk fragrance for men, the LV is clean, even soapy.  The Le Labo smells lived-in, like a man in rose fragrance, straight from the bottle.
starts out, to my nose, like a Rose Poivree or Voleur de Roses lite: peppery, cumin-y, and the "green" rose smell that is like a rose soap almost. I'd say like TDC or L'AP with the volume turned down. After a spell, hmmm, about 30 minutes, it becomes rosy white-musky with a cumin note in the background, as though it were talking audibly in another room. The stuff is nice, don't get me wrong. Will I fork out the TOP dollar for it again... I don't think so. Rose scents are, when done well, sublime. There seems to be this trend afoot whereby rose needs to be made spicy, or cumin'd, and quite frankly I'm over it. Get a new line folks. In my opinion, Montale have done rose to absolute perfection in all of their myriad Aoud collections; that, coupled with Domenico Caraceni and Czech & Speake No. 88, will be the benchmarks of classical rose perfumery. I'll give it a sideways thumb because, well, been there done that. 
Its got a sweet ambroxy vanilla mint thing going on.  It is gaudy in bottle and scent.  It really does smell quite good, and people like the smell of it in general.  Good lasting power and powerful projection.  Feels juvenile and unrefined.  
Versace Eros

Well not much I can say about this one. 

Pleasant smell, fresh... People pleaser. 
Not to complex. Dries down from Minty Apple... To a nice Vanilla base sweet Tonka base. 

Overall Scent 5-10
Longevity 5-10
Sillage 5-10

Around 8hrs with good 2hr progection
I can't seem to get past the fluoride mouthwash vibe from the synthetic mint aroma molecule. I've heard others say Eros gives them a headache but this has not been my experience. Versace Eros is a good sweet, creamy vanilla fragrance however I do not find it designer quality. Good performance, but definitely not worth the price. I would wait for it to show up at discounters if you really feel the need to add this to your collection. The quality is not there. If you want sweet and creamy without the mint, you can purchase CK Reveal Men or Mont Blanc Individuel for around $20. 
If the metallic notes weren't so pervasive, this would be more wearable. There's quite a bit going on, but the more warm, subtle pieces seem to get lost on me. Would be ok for a club or date night, but then so would most any cheaper, generic fragrance. The base notes are nice, but by the time I get there, I've had enough. Too strong for my taste.
Eros opens with a fresh and minty accord (apple, mint, citrus) surrounded by the usual metallic-ozonic notes, however supported by a pleasant and slightly less predictable (for this type of scent) base of warm, rich, aromatic spicy-woody notes (tonka and cedar above all), sweet and quite “round”, perhaps due to tobacco and/or patchouli dusted with vanilla - the “uncommon” side is that these notes smell actually good and solid, more than the average in mainstream scents. I smell a couple of “niche” nuances here, for example the ambroxan note which provides a “modern” feel of dusty grayness (quite reinforced by aldehydes) – not far from several niche products of the recent years. Also, another “niche” factor to me is some of the contrasts this scent is built on – the tart-mint head opening and the almost gourmandish base, which is quite sweet, warm and resinous, and smoky too. Overall it smells safe and crowdpleasing, but if pay attention and smell it more carefully, it’s not as common as it may seem. And it’s definitely decent. Plus, Eros has also an unexpectedly nice evolution too: instead or remaining identical and just getting drier and lighter, it gets softer, warmer, more resinous, actually more pleasant as hours pass, once the sharp metallic-zesty opening fades away. I’m wearing it since a couple of hours, and now is remarkably better than before. Nothing great and nothing new, but not bad and not (too much) boring. 

6,5/10
A better version of Chanel Allure Extreme. It has more of everything and doesn't pretend to be a flanker of a flanker of blah..blah..blah. There's a little more of everything and but ultimately it's a loud and pretty obnoxious fragrance. Fits right along side of 1 Million as a clubbing or attention fragrance, but does it with a bit more of a synthetic quality. This is sweet, but from the reviews I was expecting along the lines of cotton candy sweet which it isn't. No bad really, but it's an acquired taste.
Too sweet, can't imagine smelling this on a man...
I didn't expect much when I blind bought Eros

a pleasant surprise - the bottle and packaging is a stunner; but the scent is even more intriguing. Granted it's not something that you would say 'masterpiece' or something similar - but it do smelt good. Eros is a good blend of vanilla and tonka with addition of mint; it would remind you of any sweet scent because it IS sweet, but doesn't mean that any scent smelt like 1 Million.

Eros smelt odd even for sweet fragrance; initially I felt disturbed by Eros scent but lately I found that Eros have moderate to good projection (which mean less offensive for most people) and great longevity (it stays in skin for 8 hours - a record for me!) definitely better than Versace Pour Homme

All in all; a good fragrance if you want something for close-counter fragrance in club, it smelt nice and draws compliment especially in the drydown
This is a pretty scent, but I do not get any caramel in this. Perhaps I'm scent blind to whatever set of chemicals make up that impression. 

This has very strong powder notes with a hint of musk and a warm resinous base. If I didn't already know that there is supposed to be a candy caramel quality to this, I would have never known. I can't tell if I can smell a faint burnt toffee note (with some metallic hints??) in it or if it's wishful thinking. I will admit that I just ate milk chocolate toffee lace cookies. Perhaps that is overpowering the candy notes in this. I feel like I've smelled this once before and had similar difficulties, though. 

On dry skin in warm/dry weather this is a skin scent after about 20 minutes. Nary a sillage and lasting power is fairly weak at about 3-5 hours (determined by my own, as well as a second, opinion). Still, as I said it's a pretty scent, just not really one that reflects "me".
The musk and the caramel opening reminds me of those Big Foot candies I used to get as a kid- synthetic "strawberry", plastic-like. 

Sometimes early on I get a whiff of something that almost resembles CK Be, with strawberry and musk instead of peach and musk.

The candy notes fade eventually and Candy becomes an inoffensive musky, sweet vanilla scent.

My girlfriend really likes it, I honestly prefer her Amazing Grace by Philosophy.
Floral caramel plus candied-plastic-musky benzoin. Pleasant but kind of "anonimous". There is something vaguely minty in the blend, a sort of lingering aromatic-vanillic muskiness. I get the spicy-honeyed caramel, vaguely burnt-sugary, resinous and finally powdery. Caramel seems kind of honeyed, floral-infused (iris, gardenia, jasmine??), vanillic-cinnamonic and vaguely cocoa-veined, the note of benzoin is synthetic and somewhat cellophane-oriented. Appalling bottle. Nothing furthermore to add.
Wow. I cannot smell a bit of candy, vanilla or musk in this. It almost smells like gardenia on me, but not quite. It does smell synthetic. Candy makes me sneeze, so I won't be wearing this and it doesn't smell good on me anyway. It is strange what body chemistry can do to a cologne.
An opening dominated by overly synthetic white musks, with a drydown of strong benzoin-vanilla aroma.  Quite sickeningly sweet on my skin - I am sure sampling it can cause tooth decay. After a couple of hours a caramel base develops that is quite pleasant, and the base is the least cheaply done part.  Good sillage and projection, with a decent overall longevity of six hours.  Good before puberty. 
I do really like the smell of Candy, it is a sweet toffee gaurmond but the throw & lasting power is very poor on me. I have to push my nose right into my skin, exactly where I sprayed to smell so I rarely wear the samples I got.. Not worth the price of a full bottle to me.
Party GirlPrada Candy opens with the expected toffee and candy floss and then settles with a dull thud. I understand that candy is supposed to smell like, um, something that Barbie would wear to casual events and perhaps I shouldn't be disappointed; but I am. After about 15 minutes, the candy note still dominates, and a strange musk starts to emerge--a gross synthetic musk that seems to fight with the cloying c-c-c-c-candy. In 20 years, someone is going to write a review and point out that Candy smells so 2011.
It opens with that caramel taste that you get when it's stuck in your teeth, that juicy sticky caramel.  But it has a fruitiness in the background, almost like there is fruit water somewhere there.  It is interesting how the caramel is ambery and is almost too sweet, but this is balanced out pretty well by the wateriness that feels like a mist of water drops has somehow mixed with it.  Please note:  This is only from the wafting - I haven't got to how it smells close to skin yet!

When I put my nose close to my arm, I get the familiar dry licorice wood of Serge Lutens Un Bois Vanille in there, and there's something almost salty in there.  It must be the dryness of the wood that is making me think of salt.  Either way though, the scent is much rounder and fuller on skin than it is when it wafts.  I will be honest; on my skin, the wafting could get cloying for a fussy person near me.  Other reviewers disagree, but then everyone's skin is different.

It dries down to a drier vanillic resin.  The caramel is always present, but I find the drydown (which occurs pretty quickly) very very similar to Un Bois Vanille (yes, I'll keep mentioning this one), but with a slightly saltier and less rounded drydown. I do like this part, but because I have something similar, I keep wishing the juicy caramel lasted longer.  It's just as well though - I might get a toothache if the sticky caramel stage lasted too long.

I will say this:  The fragrance doesn't change too much on my skin, but it does do something very unfortunate;  it gets eaten by my skin in a very short time.  Now, this would be alright if it were a cheap fragrance, but it's 50 Euro for only 30 ml!!!  Now that would be worth it if there was a) many hours of pleasure and b) some sort of complex development - but there isn't.
I would never have even gone near this if I hadn't been buying a perfume for my daughter. I had gone to the Guerlain counter as any sensible mother would and we tried many. The lovely patient Guerlain lady asked her what smell she liked best and she said 'toffee'. The lovely SA then whisked off and bought her this one off another stand and it brought an immeadiate smile to the young daughters face. Caramelised toffee with vanilla musk and a dose of balsamic benzoin. I think I would rather eat it on ice cream myself, but certainly much less unpleasant than it sounds. It has a certain dryness, like a grown up sweetie more than a childlike one. More gourmand caramel with an orris feel. My young daughter absolutely loved it, so it does have a market.... I cannot give it a green as I couldn't possibly wear it, but it was fairly pleasant. I didn't hate it, and I expected to. It dries down to a really rather sophisticated dry burnt caramel orris musk.
I'm rating the EDP. 

It's disappointing. It smells good. A lot of floral, mostly Lilly of the valley. Everything is soft in it. Light. Too light. Sillage and longevity should be a lot better, especially for an EDP. This review would be positive if there was more, because the scent itself is lovely, but you can't enjoy it.

I smelled the EdT now and it's slightly better. It lasts longer and it's got a nice plum touch. 
This is VERY fruity/floral!

I had only smelled the oil prior to obtaining this (Iridescent) bottle as well as the white cube shaped bottle, so these were both very new to me.

The reviews are all over the place for many of the scents from this house, and I wonder if part has to do with not knowing which scent we are actually describing - even here, I am forced to say I own a bottle that I don't, as it is the closest one to the bottle that I DO own, since someone did not think it was different enough to offer it its own "line item". That is perhaps fine, but I just rated the NON-iridescent EDP - not the EDT or the Iridescent (which is what I have and INTEND to rate). I really do hope someone gets where I am going with this on the MANY levels I am taking it...MANY LEVELS.

Anyway, as far as scent goes, I liked it ok, but I believe this is way more of a fruity floral than I was lead to believe (a difficult genre for me when done by the best), or my nose is really off - plausible...but I would bet money that this house is designed to target the "under 40" ladies, so I feel very certain that I am not this house's demographic. 
This starts with a fresh and fruity rose note, which is given a slight sharpness by a musky undertone that at times has hint of patchouli attached to it - with a nigh-chypre-ish touch at times. The drydown includes a refreshing neroli, developing into a base of a sweeter vanilla core.

The opening, not without originality, is my favourite part, but the rest is a tad boring on my skin and to me overly synthetically-biochemically designed.  I get  moderate sillage, good projection and six hours of longevity.  2.5/5


Inspired by a musk oil Rodriguez found in the middle east, this was his initial scent and can be categorized as a floral chypre with an emphasis on the use of musk. This information is supplied by Roja Dove.

Rose and Peach can be detected in the opening, with Osmanthus and Neroli in the heart.
Vetiver and Amberlyn plus vanilla make up the base.

Turin called it a "radiant woody" and gave it four stars, noting its success for "mating a big, somewhat masculine patchouli-musk to…orange blossom floral."

I found it to be a light floral with a hint of milky musk.  Perfectly pleasant, but nothing special.

Top notes: Rose, Peach, Musk
Heart notes: Neroli, Osmanthus
Base notes: Vetiver, Amberlyn, Vanilla
I read the many rave reviews on this perfume and after a long consideration ,I decided to take the plunge and buy it without ever trying this on .I purchased the Gift Set from Nordstrom that includes the EDT 3.4 ounces,Purse Mini Spray 10ml, and body cream 30 ml.I was quite nervous about loving this, as I paid $109. Well,I have to say that I am pretty happy with this perfume and it is a lovely, enchanting fragrance. Very woodsy, sulky and musky, definately fall/winter/evening perfume. However...........This is an almost identical fragrance to another perfume which I simply adore, Believe by Britney Spears. Only, Believe does not develop into a lingering barber's shaving cream smell at the dry down . I have no idea why this is, maybe the tactile musk/solar musk blend?I have to admit that Narsico Rodruiqez EDT appears to be a softer, creamier and overall more well rounded/ subtler version of Believe by Britney Spears. It has somewhat soapy, shampoo-y finish . I love patchouli and in both perfumes patchouli is quite pronounced ,much more so in Believe. Believe is sharper and less complex, yet I still found it to be more feminine that NR. Would I buy NR EDT for Her again?I am not sure. I would probably buy its sibling Believe by Britney Spears instead, that is much better value for money at $40 for 3.4 ounces and also has better staying power.Would I enjoy wearing NR for Her?Definately,it is a good perfume,just not something I am insanely crazy about.
Tried this out at Sephora in the rollerball version. I was taken by surpriseat first sniff. It was really interesting and different from most of the fragrances that Canadian Sephora carries. The top notes are my favourite part of the whole thing.

And then it quickly falls apart. It started smelling really synthetic, and it reminded me of some cheap hair products.

Does anyone know a good alternative that smells like the top notes of NR for Her?
If you like egyptian musk this is for you. This is what it smells like. My husband bought this for me and he loves it. Im not against egyptian musk as I use to wear in the oil form so it's okay. 
Oh how I wanted to like this fragrance.  All the build up, the publicity, the "Sex in a Bottle", etc. and all I got was pure musk.  No florals, wood notes, just pure musk, like a bottle of Jovan Musk oil.  It was not disgusting or vile, just not worth the hefty price tag when you can get Jovan Musk oil at the corner drug store.  
This fragrance is nice, pleasant, inoffensive, a bit different and interesting, but not remarkable. Do I detect Lilly Of The Valley somewhere in the mix? It avoids the trap of the sickening sweetness that every other fragrance of the day seems to be falling into.
i cannot smell it at all on my skin, however not a bad scent . 
altough i cannot detect anything in this perfume( it is too light for me, almost invisible) my cat was obsessed sniffing my wrist(which is a scary fact, imagine what is inside this thing..)! 
I really like this fragrance but surely I am not alone in thinking it is a slightly more refined and dare I say it, sanitised version of a cross between Strip & Agent Provocateur? That is why I'd give it a neutral rather than definite thumbs up - to my nose, this has been done before.
Narciso Rodriguez for Her EDP, is quite possibly one of the muskiest perfumes I've ever experienced.

This fragrance tends to be warm, subtly sweet, feminine, clean, and of course, musky. For some, Narciso Rodriguez for Her is animalistic and sexy. In my opinion, this fragrance is musky in a clean and old-fashioned sense. Don't get me wrong, this is not a scent just for 'old ladies'. It just doesn't scream 'sex' to me.

Occasionally I am anosmic to musk, so there are some moments when I can't smell Narciso Rodriguez. Every now and then I catch a subtle whiff of this scent which is certainly pleasant, but not to my personal tastes.

This fragrance smells dusty on my skin. It makes me think of a dark, crowded attic that hasn't seen the light in years. This relation is possibly due to my connection of musk to closed-up, suffocating, deserted houses.

This fragrance is not all bad, it's just disappointing due to all the hype. I don't sense many floral notes in the composition unfortunately. It's mostly musky woods to my nose.

Even in the EDP concentration, the sillage and lasting strength are rather average. I can understand Narciso Rodriguez for Her and its appeal, however I believe it is very much an acquired taste, that I don't have.


First impression is good, but then the scent begins to smell like soap.
Nice try, but not good enough.
I must be anosmic to the musks in this because this smells almost precisely like nothing on me. Correction: it smells some Egyptian musk oil that has already been showered off. I get just the faintest aroma out of this, but what I can smell is quite lovely. Seems like it would be one of the nicest choices you could make at the department store these days. I'll never buy this one for obvious reasons - rather an expensive way to smell like nothing, plus I cringe at the thought of obliviously gassing out innocent passers-by with massive doses of this. Drat. Makes me wonder what other lovely things I'm not smelling & don't know about? 
This is for the Musc Oil for her version.I am anosmic to the musc in this which makes me sad. I can only get a faint floral note and vanilla. What I do smell is delicious and I only which I could smell more......:(
I was surprised to discover that I really don't like this. It starts out fruity/floral a la Badgley Mischka and then morphs into Lolita Lempicka minus the anise. Interesting, but not compelling, inspiring or beautiful enough to purchase. 
After reading reviews on Basenotes I was inspired to order an EDP sample from TPC.  I am disappointed that on my skin Narciso Rodriguez smells nothing like other people's experiences of it.  A subdued pleasant enough rose note. No musk that I can detect.   My skin's chemistry just doesn't work with this fragrance I guess...
A light floral, reminded me of a garden full of honeysuckle, with a pleasant musk drydown - but not evocative or particularly interesting to my nose. Tom Ford's White Patchouli is a fuller, richer and smoother take on this kind of sensuality.
I got a sample of NR edt recently and I have to say it doesn’t really live up to my expectations, its price or the extraordinary beautiful bottle. I expected something muskier, more potent and interesting. But in reality, this is a very delicate fragrance that reminds me of floral deodorants, except that NR edt lasts longer. The opening notes are mildly smoky, and there’s some greenness to it, possibly vetiver. This fragrance makes me think of spring and breezy, sunny days. It isn’t something I’d call sensual or sexy, like some other reviewers have, but I find it quite pretty and inoffensive. We all have our definition of sensuality, so if yours is like mine, on the dark side (Youth Dew, Knowing, Japanese Musk, Lush Ginger) you probably won’t be that impressed by NR edt. Orange blossom is the star in this scent, and except for the longevity NR isn’t much different from considerably cheaper Orange Blossom by Yves Rocher. I can’t detect other more prominent notes in this. There’s some warmth in the drydown, but not enough for me to find this full-bottle worthy. For people who don’t like strong fragrances, try this one- it’s a soft and fresh floral. NR is of the prettier of its kind, but simply not for me.
I absolutley love this perfume. I have tried the EDT and the EDP and the EDP is slightly sweeter, more floral rather than musky and less fresh and breezy, but I think this adds a bit of depth and energy to it. The staying power of the EDT was really really dissapointing on me- only about an hour (and thats being generous), even if i used the shower gel and body lotion, so really not worth the money, as it is quite expensive compared to other perfumes in department stores. I have not yet tried the EDP for longetivity yet though. I hope it is better. 
I like this perfume lots, but not one of my all time faves and here is why. Its smells quite generic, very similar to lots of others e.g SJP as Heidi also commented. It is ideal in my opinion for the office, not special enough for a date. OK for shopping, but not for the theatre.(get my drift?) Having said that, I will probably buy it again when this bottle runs out. It is a nice combination of mossy, musky, floral and fruits. Whew!! I am definitely going to try Heidi's idea of combining it with Crystalle though.
I've tried both the EDT and the EDP and I have to admit that the EDT smells a whole lot nicer than the latter. Although the it is gorgeous and incredibly inviting especially with its musky end notes (something that I absolutely adore in my perfumes), its staying power on my skin is so disappointing that I just couldnt make myself buy it, despite of its lovely smell.
I was looking for something different, no Le Male at all, but began to test several fragrances at a local Belk.  I got to Le Male and thought.  It smelled like something I already have, Body Kuros.  I do not know if BK has been reformulated but my juice in over a decade or so old now.  So my nose, from both, gets a spicy sweetness.  It is ok, but not something I would want to wear. I only wear BK a couple times a year. I cannot speak for longevity but the initial power is strong. I do not like the sticky sweet of it but others may find this appealing.   
So I was out of my bottle which I got from my friends 11 years ago. So I purchased a 200 ML bottle for 60 euros. Bargain I thought for such an awesome smell, butt (yes, double T f....., thats how I felt)... WTF?!? Why the hell would you REFORMULATE YOUR BEST SELLING PERFUME JPG?!?! WHY?!?

Scent
Scent itself is a masterpiece, but this one smells less powdery than my previous bottle and more aqua...

8/10

Projection
Poor, ok projection for the first 90 minutes then it's bye bye kansas. My previous was a beast projection.

3/10

Longevity
Poor, getting max 5 hours. Used to get 15 hours of longevity. Stays over 24 hours on clothes though.

5/10

Versatile
Less suited for winter.

9/10

------
6.3 overall score

Neutral score cause of the scent and versatile score. I am so disappointed, not gonna buy this anymore. Well, atleast it was cheap, 100 ml for 30 euros. Poor projection and longevity and the whole world owns it now. There are better perfumes than this. 


Powdery,sweet,gives me a nausea's feeling ,,,,really synthetic probably nice at a distance..Think i prefer it on others as opposed to myself...
If you like this frag and wished it was on another level then go for Amouage Reflection man....Stunning,upperclass,totally well blended scent similar to le male but on another level totally and goes a different direction at points...but yes similar.
My nickname for this fragrance is "man in a can" because well, that's what the packaging is.

This is a good fragrance. The combination of mint, lavender, and vanilla has been duplicated many times, but this is still the original and best. However, at least where I live, men overspray this one quite frequently. One of my friends started wearing Le Male once, and he used so much that he could choke a small room.

So go ahead and wear Le Male - but please, don't overspray.
Le Male is one of my few blind buys, and I regret it. It is constructed around a minty lavender opening and heart, and a sweet base of vanilla, musk and amber. I get some faint spices and woods throughout its lifespan on skin, but the trinity of mint, lavender and vanilla dominates everything else. While it scores for being quite original in scope and execution, I don't personally find the overall scent to be very agreeable. Moreover it seems to diffuse this sophomoric vibe and I cannot take it seriously at all. After hearing about all the wonders, I find its performance on my skin to be pretty average. 

For some reason I feel this would smell better on a woman. But I'm not recommending it to anyone. 
sweet,fresh,sometimes annoying i'd say.Average longevity and projection for me
Cuba Gold has bad, tacky packaging. JPG took Cuba Gold, found even worse packaging, and raised the price from $3.99 to $64. Le Mâle is God's way of telling you have too much money.
Shalimar for Men. Then...... pleasant musk. 
A sweetish, very synthetic scent with a sweet minty start that becomes increasigky flowery -mainly lavender - to be completely dominated by vanilla in the drydown. Overloaded and unbalanced at times, it's main fortes is a splendid longevity of eight hours in cool weather. 
This is a very complex fragrance and it does involve into something interesting to say the least. I'll be honest and say it is semi pleasant but it is not my kind of scent and I wouldn't wear it in public. First initial impression is baby powder and vanilla.

Try it before you buy it.

This fragrance (Le Male) is in the same category as Chergui and Givenchy Pi: baby wipes.

When reviewing a fragrance, it is best to cast aside personal preference and try to rate the fragrance objectively. The cardamom, caraway, and cinnamon add depth and warmth, while the vanilla and tonka bean turn the whole thing into a delicious baked treat. I’m having a tough time picking up on the mint. The lavender adds a masculine nuance, but in the end it’s all about a baby’s rear end.

Here’s the breakdown:
Le Male: baby wipes + spices 3.5/5
Chergui: baby wipes + hay and tobacco 3/5
Pi: baby wipes + baby wipes + vanilla 2/5

Not a bad scent.  Just way to sweet for my meat!
it reminds me of the barber shop which i visited with my dad they used a powder which exactly smelled like this
This is a nice little fragrance, but sadly underwhelming. Top notes are cinnamon, cardamom, with a hint of lavender/ginger. Middle is clean linen. Once dry it is powdery vanilla. Not that the success of a fragrance should be measured by this, but I can't catch the scent 10 minutes after applying it. Occassionally, I will catch the faint vanilla. It wears close to the skin with absolutely no projection or sillage. Starts of well, but loses stamina and complexity almost immediately. I would not purchase this again. 
First of all I must confess to being a new nose to reviewing fragrances and have only recently developed a collection. Since starting my collection I’ve developed a distinct preference for Tom Ford’s scents.
When I sprayed Tuscan Leather on my skin for the first time I really didn’t like it. It smelled like very old dry leather without a hint of the fruit and spice it’s supposed to contain. To give it a real world description it was reminiscent of an old saddler’s museum with the old saddles and bridles on display.
However, a couple of hours later the stale oldness faded and a more distinct leathery and fruitiness remained.

Nothing special about this one. The opening smells like a taxi driver who wears an used leather jacket. All the notes are synthetic to the bone. 

After the dry down it is like the taxi driver sprays a cheap deodorant on his leather jacket and now he also smells like raspberry. Strange and illogical mix.

In the beginning this out blacks Bvlgari  black. Definitely gasoline oil rag auto shop smell. Drive down pretty fast, doesn't seem like it's got the legs that Italian cypress had. Just doesn't envelop you like that one.  I needed to put the whole sample on. 
Avg longevity and projection.
I'm torn.  I personally find it to be an interesting scent if a little overbearing.  My wife on the other hand hates it.  Her great aunt used to be a heavy smoker, so to my wife this smells like her aunt's car.  A mixture of stale smoke mixed with a mature feminine perfume? Do I want to smell like that? Probably not. Also, maybe it's me, but have any of these perfumers ever actually smelled leather? This does not smell like leather...
I loved this scent from the first spray... I tested in my skin and bought a 50ml bottle from 2016. For my bad luck the scent on my skin will last at top 4 hours and sillage almost none, projection about 2hours... maybe it is my nose but when I dont smell it on my skin is because it is not working... true shame...I tested again in different boutiques and it is the same...probably this 2016 batches are not good or it was reformulated...the smell of the first spray it is magic, classic what a true gentlemen should smell with a nice suit...
I have spent a fair amount of time in Tuscany (buying leathergoods!) but I have spent even more time in Los Angeles' Olvera Street, a historic bit of old, Spanish Los Angeles now largely catering to tourists although locals go there, too. The cobbled street is lined with stalls selling wonderful Mexican food as well as Mexican craft items like embroidered dresses, huarache sandals and tooled leather purses and belts. This is EXACTLY what Tuscan Leather smells like to me, the native leather goods in a Mexican street market. A raw, in your face leather. This is a great smell (to me) but is as far away from the Via Tornabuoni as carnitas is from Bistecca alla Fiorentina, or Diego Rivera from Cimabue. All excellent but worlds apart. I like this although I tend to prefer other leather scents.  With Tuscan Leather I get only a fleeting raspberry topnote.  Like all of Ford's private blends, this is strong and well made (as you would hope, for the price).
A dark and smoky leather based fragrance with touch of fruity notes to tune down that wild and angry leather note!
At the opening, when for spray it on your skin, you can smell dark and smoky leather note mixed with some tobacco and some sweet raspberry note.
The sweet raspberry note isn't that strong, but also it's not as weak as some people keep talking about.
It's there and you can easily smell it, but because of strong leather smell it's in the background.
It's a linear fragrance so do not expect too much change.
In the dry down smoky leather settle down just a bit and fruity raspberry note become a little stronger.
Very good projection and longevity.
Opens very sweet, with raspberry being the dominant note, but rapidly moves into a dirty leather note that is disconcerting to me, in one hand smells oily and dirty and on the other it smells like a freshly soaped horse saddle.  The raspberry note refuses to leave turning more and more into this fermented fruit juice notecreating an effect that is really weird to me.
After maybe half an hour the fermented raspberry starts fading slowly as is replaced by a faint burnt note that in combination with the oily note makes the leather smell more like an old, worn, beaten saddle that has been to the races too many times already, fortunately there is this spicy note in the background that saves the day, so the drydown is not that skunky after all.
It reminded me a horse stable and horse drawn carriage shop from my youth, the leather scent of the saddles, reins etc... together with the leather soap scent, the oily note like the axle grease and the smoky/burnt note from the forge for horseshoes, and the sweet and spicy notes coming from the kitchen next door.
This fragrance brings all that to my mind and as such I should consider it a masterpiece, besides, it really captures the essence  of leather like no other perfume I know, but the question is:  do I want to smell like THAT?.
Brilliant, but unwearable for me, maybe I'll spray the interior of my car with it, it has vinyl seats so everybody will think is real leather LOL
Sillage is nuclear so be careful when spraying it on you, and it lasts all day+.
Thumbs up as a creation, thumbs down for wearability, so it gets a neutral from me
A pleasant and nice scent indeed, as much leathery as tons of other contemporary leather-based scents (suederal-safraleine type), without any particular twist that let this stand alone in the crowd. Classy and refined for sure, in a rather safe and tamed down way though: "brownish", smoky, crisp and clean like a new pair of leather brogues. Not bad, actually rather pleasant, just a bit overpriced for the quality. And in fact there's quite some cheaper alternatives which do the same job: Godolphin by Parfums de Marly, Golden Boy by Dueto for instance.

6,5-7/10
Disappointing	Top: Leather 	Middle: Leather and Hashish 	Base: Black Orchid
Very strong and bitter. I can't stand that much leather and find pointless anyway. For the admirers of the genre, it can be OK with its potency and sillage but I think the leather lovers already  know some other fine  leather fragrances much more cheaper than this one.
70% Leather, 20% Raspberry, 10% Spicy/Floral notes

Smells very nice, but overexposure causes headache, and you need to be in the mood for it

Quality notes, great projection and longevity.

Lacks versatility and cannot be a day to day scent.

For collectors and basenoters only, but not for the casual consumer.

Price tag will not be worth it for most, but for those who do want a quality leather frag

Don't blind buy this, but sample it if you want something a little challenging.

A slight disappointment...

I really enjoyed the raw smoky, leathery aroma -- whilst it lasted.

On me the longevity was shockingly poor, only about 4 hours :-(
This is not a unisex fragrance.  This is leather.  I should have guessed by the name, but I expected there to be more than just... leather; I don't know why I thought there would be.
I normally like leather scents, and I can see what Tom Ford was trying to do with this, this stuff has a very strong smell of leather saddle soap, which I'm sure would drive a certain type of lady wild.

unfortunately on me this stuff smells exactly like a wet ashtray, it seriously stinks of cigarette ash, combined with the loud raspberry note above, it turns very unpleasant, I had to scrub it off immediately. 

Sillage and projection is strong
I wanted to give this a thumbs up because a buddy of mine let me try a sample he had and it smelled great. The longevity was perfect and it was a winner. When I went to Saks, the juice from the tester was not as good as the sample I remembered trying. The prices are a little too high for these Tom Ford private blend colognes.$100 maybe, $200 crazy!
This smells like the shiny, taut leather interior of a new car. Some claim to detect a cocaine note; I'm far too angelic to be able to comment. There is the dusty waft of thyme though, which I wish had been amplified, and the hint of cigarette stubs. But all this is moot: Tuscan Leather is wrecked on the teeth of an unnaturally sweet raspberry note that refuses to perish and whose inclusion I find utterly bizarre. 

Today I smelled this scent and was inspired to post my review on Basenotes for the very first time.  So, let's dive in.  

It has been said that scent invokes memories and Tom Ford's Tuscan Leather most certainly did with me.  Growing up around horses, this juice took me back to my childhood where part of my choirs was cleaning the leather saddles and gear.  I would use a glycerin soap which had a honey and lemon fragrance.  The leather saddles were stored in a closet in our barn until their next use.

Tuscan Leather reminds me of those dry evenings in September when I would enter the barn and open the saddle closet.  The first and most obvious scent is clean, worn leather with a edge of honey (more like beeswax).  But there is a secondary scent of the closet itself.  A dry woody smell that is similar to old, dry pine planks (not sap or leaves or cones but the wood itself).  Over time, a sweet note appears that invokes juicy fruit gum (ylang ylang perhaps?).  Yet the leather never disappears.

I sprayed this juice on my arm at Saks as a test.  Perhaps it is because as a man, my collection consist of EdT or EdC; but the Eau de Parfume took my olfactory to a new level.  I could not escape the scent, nor did I want to.  Instead, I tried to discover something around the house that would compare.  I smelled every leather object from jackets to wallets but nothing truly resembled the juice.  Tuscan Leather is the way we expect leather to smell; rich, comforting, warm, and aged.  

I rank the Parfume as a neutral because I cannot think of many times or places to wear it.  I live in the subtropics and this scent is out of place.  Ford's Tuscan Leather belongs to cool nights and autumn leaves.  But for anyone who loves the scent of leather and has the right environment for it, this is definitely the scent for you.  

An initial  aggressive gasoline impression with only a hint of berry gives way to a plain leather note that eventually is a bit more straightforward than other leather frags like e.g. the Knize version.  It remains monotone without much further change.  Not a bad scent, but betraying that it is mass-produced and lacking some depth and nuances.  Nonetheless a good leather note, and a nice addition to the menu of leather fragrances available, albeit no real competition for Creed's and  Knize's leather creations.   Good longevity of about 3-4 hours. Overpriced.  Try first. 
Whilst I am the vanilla pretty much straight form the opening blast, this turns out to be different from the usual sweet, rich and strong gourmand-style vanilla.       

This vanilla is paired with a bitter lime, which gives the vanilla more brightness and a nigh-fresh character.  There is also a persistent metallic-like undertone that I get throughout the development of this composition.  

In the heart notes a fairly nonspecific woodsiness arises, and touches of cardamom and coriander add gently spiciness from time to time.  

The base adds little new on me, except an amber impression of muted shrillness.  The vanilla is still lingering on until the end, although the citrus element has more or less evaporated by now.  

I get moderate sillage, adequate projection and an excellent ten hours of longevity on my skin.  

This scent for warmer autumn day is based on a pared-down slim, bright and cool vanilla, an anti-vanilla as far the the traditional sweet gourmand versions go.  The mighty drawback is it’s egregiously synthetic and generic nature - maybe to an extent that it is insensée indeed.  A somewhat mundane vanilla, which might of interest to people who dislike the usual heavy vanillas.  2.75/5.  
This is a vanilla cologne for the warmer weather. Vanilla perfumes are usually heavy and sweet and more suitable for colder months, but Atelier manages to produce a blend for the warmer months. The citrus and woody notes surround the center staged creamy vanilla. It is a light gourmand, like a fresh chilled vanilla cream desert. It's moderately sweet, mostly linear and with medium performance.
Vanille Insensée is a light and spicy vanilla that leans towards green freshness, unusual for a vanilla fragrance. The drydown becomes less green and fresh, more of the spice and vanilla.

Projection is very good.
Oh, i was so happy to finally try this one... it sounded like an interesting vanilla. And then, the disappointment. It smells like Demeter! A lot of alcohol and the same "backscent". I think my mind's tricking me into this because of the coriander. It's quite weak but long-lasting. Try Eau de l’Angelus for something similar but much more qualitative, cheaper and potent. I get many compliments with it.
 If you want to smell like singed, buttered tonka this stuff will knock you out. The quieter dimensions at work (especially the moss) keep things in check as best they can, but it's a tough sell to make a truly interesting vanilla-centered fragrance. Not at all a bad scent, overall. Fans of VI looking for a little more dimension may have some fun looking for old samples of Scott McClintock. 
This soft-spoken offering from the typically soft-spoken house of Atelier Cologne made me eat the following words, which I've repeated many times:

"I've never smelled anything similar to any of Imaginary Authors line."

Well, now I have.  Vanille Insensée is not as unique overall as Memoirs of a Trespasser is, but the dry and mellow vanilla smells as if it comes from the exact same aroma chemical.  Honestly, the whole thing smells a lot like MoaT.

As for what I smell, it opens with the signature citrus/bergamot opening that Atelier is so fond of.  The same opening that I can barely detect. About 10 minutes in, I get the type of vanilla I mentioned earlier (dry, mellow) with some nice green/watery notes (not aquatic, though) that come forward as it develops.  There is a nondescript floral note that I can't put my finger on, but I don't get any jasmine.  It settles down into a woody, dry vanilla base.

This a vanilla I can wear.  It's not sicky sweet at all and  like MoaT, comes across as gender-less.

Like almost everything I've tried from Atelier Cologne (I bought sample set of the entire line) this is pleasant and unlikely to offend.  It doesn't particularly wow me though, and neither does Memoirs of a Trespasser, for reference.

Kind of strange that the name contains the word "Insensée" because I detect no incense here.  Although, when I type it into Google Translate, it comes up as "senseless".  So harsh Google!  It's not that bad.
The opening of this fragrance is a very light and transparent semi sweet vanilla smell with the whisper of citruses mix with it.
The vanilla note smell like vanilla ice cream but it's very transparent with small amount of sweetness.
Projection is crap at the start and you can barely smell the scent.
A few minutes later suddenly the fragrance start to warm up and get stronger and sweeter and at the same time some floral notes came in.
The note breakdown says jasmine, but I can clearly smell rose beside warm and sweet vanilla not jasmine.
This combination smell sensual and interesting but it's quite feminine.
In the base some woods joined in and this is where you will find this fragrance almost unisex.
The base is a warm, sweet and sensual vanilla and rose combo with some woods in the background that give the scent a little smoky and dark masculine feeling which is very nice but still much more feminine than masculine.
Projection was terrible at the start and it's stronger and better in the mid and base but still average.
Longevity is good and it's around 8 hours which surprised me because of that mediocre to weak projection.
Metallic vanilla?

Opens with a musky citrus, which smells quite synthetic, although the vanilla is present from the start. After around 30 minutes I get a really weird metallic smell, which persists throughout although becomes less noticeable with time.

Every now and again I get a delicious wisp of vanilla, but on the whole the sillage isn't great on me and it feels like I'm sniffing vanilla through a veil. I don't get the jasmine at all, but rather a clean, musky drydown that seems a little at odds with the promised vanilla.

Might be good for those who want a dryer, lighter vanilla, but this is not potent or rich enough for me. Hats off to Atelier Cologne for selling 7.5 ml samples, however!
Vanilla and a Paperback book....Ok, it sounds weird, but this hits me as a strong dose of vanilla bean, and a supporting note that smells like a hot dry paperback book.  It must be the oak and coriander mix, smells kind of like pepper (not listed as a note).  Despite this, there is nothing special about it in  my opinion.
Dry Vanilla When I was in the shop I made the mistake of assuming "Insensée" referred to incense (the French for incense is encens). Vanilla incense cologne sounded like a great idea. But, actually, the proper translation of "Insensée" would be "crazy" or "insane." Is "Insane Vanilla" a fitting title? For me not so much. 3 stars for quality. Although I'm not a fan of the scent, I can tell it's high quality.  Aroma: Even though Atelier Cologne advertises vanilla from Madagascar in the formula, I don't get the richness that implies. To me the vanilla note comes off rather flat. It reminds me of the synthetic vanilla the casinos pump into the air in Las Vegas to mask the stink of cigarettes. I get a subtle impression of the wood and oakmoss, but it's overwhelmed by white musk. Atelier cologne doesn't call out a musk note in their copy but it's definitely there. The overall impression I get is dry vanilla. I bought the travel spray on impulse along with some other Atelier Cologne fragrances and I'm glad I didn't get a bigger bottle. I'm going to use this for layering I think, but...  Projection, Sillage and Longevity: I find Vanille Insensée to have rather powerful projection and strong sillage. I layered with Ambre Nue and this one completely overwhelmed the other. I wore a little only on my wrists and even wearing a jacket that covered by arms I could smell Vanille Insensée quite clearly. It's been about 9 hours now that I'm wearing it and the scent is still making its way to my nose.  Value: I appreciate that Vanille Insensée is available in a .25 oz. travel spray. Like all Atelier Cologne fragrances, the big bottle is a great value at less than $1 per ml.. Vanille Insensée is also quite strong and a little will go a long way.Pros: Strong projection, sillage and longevityCons: Flat, overly strong
It's funny that I'm seeing the scent pyramid and that Vanille Insensée has all of these notes, because when I was smelling it at the Atelier store, all I really smelled was vanilla bean.  It's not bad, in fact it's smoother than the pure vanilla madness of Love by Kilian.  But honestly, it's not too original and it doesn't really waver from that one note.  
Brand new shoe or suede leather jacket smell, together with something fresh and tart from the plant kingdom. I do not perceive the raspberry note others have mentioned; it is more green, like crushed raspberry leaf maybe. The two notes do not mesh at all, but switch back and forth and you can tell them apart very easily. Also a very synthetic impression. Oh, and an utterly offensive price tag. Get out of here.
It’s a soft leather (only) with a blue feel. I don’t see anything original or innovative enough for it to be interesting or more attractive than any other fragrance. I can appreciate its quality though. 
A diluted Tuscan Leather with the raspberry note toned down, and some vague floral notes added. Strangely, I do not find it particularly leather-y, maybe because it feels watered down. The accord is moderately satisfying, but is too meek, and doesn't hold up well for long on my skin - it fades in about a couple of hours. It is linear, in the usual Tom Ford style. Stylistically it is in the same vein as Tuscan Leather or Acqua di Parma Colonia Leather, but those two are much superior. 

This is the same as Ombre Leather 16 to my nose. Honestly it seems that much of the fanfare about this fragrance is because it is the same as Ombre Leather 16 (a diluted spin on Tuscan Leather, and Tuscan Leather is too strong for some) at about two-thirds of the price. There are dozens of better leather perfumes at lower prices, including the Acqua di Parma which can be had for less. 

2.5/5
Part of me wants to like Tom Ford colognes: one of the reasons I'm writing these reviews is because of my love for Tobacco Vanille years ago. There are aspects of his fragrances that really draw me to them, and I hold out faith that his aesthetic of refinement could ultimately lead me to something substantial in my collection. Then there is the part of me that wonders why I keep setting high expectations for fragrances that rarely last more than 5 hours on my skin, which is once again the case for Ombre Leather.

The floral notes are well done, softening the stringent synthetic blast of leather on first use: not altogether unlike Tuscan Leather but without as much raspberry and a good deal more cardamom. The leather scent is strong-a cold and methodical leather. Drydown is straightforward, becoming a soft, spicy leather as the hours progress. Not many hours, however: it becomes a skin scent after 4-5 hours. As usual. I would squarely put this fragrance in the realm of unisex.

I enjoy it more than Tuscan Leather, I'll say that. If the drydown was more interesting and there was more depth this may be a thumbs up, as you'd be getting something quite interesting for a brief period of time. It's a fine scent, the below average longevity and sillage again make question how many more times I'm going to spend this much money to get disappointed.

6/10
Sugary bubblegum sweetness. I can see the appeal and if I was 21 again I would most probably wear it. They say females like this one and can understand why. Being the wrong side of 40 it will be a pass from me.
Boring.For the masses.Non existent personality. Just OK. If you want to smell like one million (at least) other people then this is for you. Is it not  why they named that way ? Overall 6/10

Got a sample on a card the other day. It's just okay. A bit too feminine for me. Smells like a softer Versace Dreamer. Lasts a long time though and is consistent throughout its wear.
It took me quite a while to try this one. Neither though because of its popularity, nor because of its controversy. I simply did not know about it and about either as I did not have time to focus too much on fragrances at the time that it launched. I have since experienced it over the course of several wearings and two previous paper strip tests.
Initially I did indeed notice what is referred to as bubblegum and not only dit it not bother me, it seemed interesting in an unusual and refreshing way and I may have appreciated for it to be incorporated further into its composition. It is a relatively dense fragrance and while it may not have an obvious complexity, it seems to have the ability to embrace the wearer and to make them feel comfortable and welcome. If you think about it, this might in itself be an intricacy of sorts. In addition, the scent could be seen as an attempt at an abstraction of the material and colour of gold. I did not find the scent itself to be unbearably sweet nor pretentious. It seems more likely that the name, the flakon and the mindsets of some of the individuals who used it contributed to the latter association. Having mentioned the flakon, it tended to be impractical to hold and use while the sprayer itself seemed adequate.
The isolated orange or grapefruit note for some reason reminded me of a comparable note in an Armanian code, the theme of the material all the while brought to mind a feminine, a female marketed, fan of Fendi and the impression of nail polish and a Black Forrest cake cherry acidity which lead to the imagining of a scene on a dark leather sofa respectively and the wearing of tight leather leggings with horizontal cuts in the prosperous lobby of a hotel late into the night with a drink of gloomy alcohol from the connected bar which I happened to have experienced from one of these rectangular, welded sample packages which may have been slightly leaking within a heap of other samples. There seems to be a certain resistance towards sweeter respectively oppulent fragrances marketed to men, assumably because they could be mistaken for fragrances marketed to women and because they would perhaps represent a threat to the debatable notion that such compositions are intended for women and that is for women luring in men.
After some time has passed and after also having overapplied the fragrance, I notice that its relative linearity respectively that a kind of plainness as well as a certain sourness can become respectively have become issues for me. The former represents an issue with a reach beyond this fragrance, as I believe that fragrances with an elaborate complexity must remain affordable instead of continuing to steer towards absurdity aspects such as inaffordability and inavailability.
When I first bought this, I loved it, I loved it from start to finish, and I have even gotten many compliments on it.

Then I started to make DIY cologne, I learned to identify many different types of scents. And in the process of making my own cologne, I trained my nose to be able to identify and smell a wider range of scents.

Now that I've increased my smell capabilities, it smells okay at best. Very artificial. Far to strong on some notes.

To an untrained nose, this is an excellent fragrance. But don't wear it around someone that is trained in perfumery, because it does not smell like it's worth the price.
It's not a terrible scent but intensely sweet. I've seen girls trying this on at department stores because they like the way it smells - that tells you everything. Yes, it smells like candy but I have to admit I love the warm, spicy opening. The dry down can be sickening. Let's cut to the chase - we all know what this is for. PR 1 Million is a loud fragrance you put on to get noticed by girls. Although I would never wear this fragrance, it does the job for a night out. It is completely juvenile (can't see any guy over 30 reaching for this) and everyone know this scent because of it's popularity. Most counters will tell you, this is a top seller - what does that say about our taste! I must say, performance is beast mode! Why can't other designer fragrances perform like this? This is EDP+!   
To me it smells like a chocolate orange marinated in sunny delight for a year. Curious smell that takes a while fr the synthetic cheap top notes to go away.
1 Million is a contemporary, synthetic, cheap and conventional “trendy leather scent”, quite plastic and light too, which is anyway overall honestly better than I expected by reading the reviews. It’s basically a sort of “all-rounder” scent which tries – and actually manages – to smell good for everything: fresh enough for the gym, safe enough for the office, trendy enough for the club, generic enough for the Post Office, and so on. Most of all, nice enough for the target it’s clearly aimed at – which is surely not the most refined gentlemen on Earth. The composition is quite simple: citrus head notes, a suederal base recreating a light, mellow suedeish note – clean and generically “modern” like in dozens of other contemporary leather scents – some canonical floral counterparts (violet, or rose), woods and patchouli to enhance the “darker” and drier side of leather, spices. As I said, all smelling quite dull, trendy and plain, with the texture and the quality of a car freshener. Still... well, I can’t really hate this. Mostly because it’s clearly, openly, and *honestly* aimed at a precise target, which *likes* and wants this kind of scents – a type of audience which basically wants a decent-smelling thing  good for any situation, and possibly generic enough to look cool and à-la-page (which for some people, means “conform to and like what other people like”). 
With so much pretentious niche that smells like this and costs three times this, pretending to be “luxury” or “sophisticated” ... you know what? That is what I hate – the pretentiousness, the fraud. While as much crap it may be, 1 Million’s fine for me, because at least it does not look pretentious (I mean, look at that hideous bottle... it’s so kitsch I want to hug it!). I always try to consider scents both “per se” and in perspective relating them to pretenses, price, target and so on. And while per se 1 Million is undoubtedly far below good (although – crucify me – it smells nice to me) if we relate to its actual raison d’etre, this is a respectable product which is aimed at the right targets – people whom you wouldn’t suggest to wear Monsieur de Givenchy or Guerlain’s Derby to. As much as you wouldn’t suggest a bespoke Corneliani suit to people which wear Topman sweaters (and you surely don’t blame Topman for not being so quality and class as Corneliani). For me, the problem of perfumery is not Rabanne or other hundreds of crap scents which, in a way, clearly “look” crap even from the bottle – the problem is the intolerable pretentiousness of brands pretending to look better than they are, and people feeding them by paying ridiculous amount of money for this same quality of Rabanne. 1 Million is so openly, unambiguously, honestly tacky I can’t really blame it for nothing (plus, as I said – crucify me again – it smells better than expected). And I’m fine with that (not that anyone should care). 

6/10
I didn't want to like this stuff.  Yeah I admit I'm a little snooty, but that wasn't the reason. The real Paco Rabanne was my first purchase ever and I still think it's great stuff.  I think it's because of the money-worshiping name and crass marketing.  (For the record, I also think Roja Dove's ludicrous prices are a crass appeal to money-worshippers.  But Dove has exquisite skill and taste.)

And the fact is I really don't like 1M very much.  But there are a couple of nice parts.  The blood orange early on is very nice.  When the coconut comes up it makes a nice naranjo-colada.  If you are a high school or college kid this might be a benefit because it will remind the girls you are interested in of their recent pubescence when they adored candy-shop smells.  Whether this inspires them to play dress-up or dress-down is for you to tease out on your own. 

After those parts comes a suffocating cedar-paneled sauna of steaming cinnamon, underlaid with a cheap, cheap sweet floral.  Cloying and claustrophobic. At this point it became a scrubber.
Some days its good, others day, I put it on take a whiff and throw up cause it sometimes becomes bubble gum with some spice at the end. Idk, but when it smells good, it really works nicely.
Bazzoka joe musk If type two diabetes had a smell, I think this is it. I hate to admit it, but I feel like 1 million has just that many things wrong with it. It is the official smell anthem for the "me" generation with how much it stands out. This is not really putting the "b" in subtle here folks. It screams "I'm 18, I paid 60 bucks for this t-shirt, I'm drunk, and I don't really love you". So if that's what you are going for, you're in luck because we found your scent.Pros: It is an introductory to the world of cologneCons: Everything
When i first got my nose on 1 million, it was ok..

Second try and err, it was just way too sweet.

Im going neutral on this fragrance mainly cos i dont completely hate as it didnt offend me, but dont really think i would want to wear it.

meh...
This is bubblegum.  Double-bubble, specifically.  Not for me.
This is about as synthetic candy-sweet as it gets. A touch of citrus and mint to start off, a bit of spice and patchouli thrown in, not very well balanced or convincingly blended.  Outstanding, however, aside from the good silage and projection,  on my skin is the monster longevity of twelve hours. 

 At first sniff this was a very unique scent, not particularly masculine, but very different from all the fresh aquatic scents that have come out over the past few years. I definitely picked up on the rose note as it began to dry down, but not so much with the leather note. I tried it on for myself and loved the top and middle notes, but  when it came to the base it smelled just like pencil shavings on me. 
 If mixed with the right chemistry I could see 1 Million as an amazing fragrance, just not on me. It is a distinct fragrance, I could pick Million out on a blind sniff, but it's not for me.
didn't mind the intial first few minutes until it got too sweet.  not my cup of tea, but the i do like the bottle. very cool i must admit
I get the cotton candy / juicyfruit sweetness at the start with some cinnamon. When it settles down on me, it is predominately spice and musk, with a hint of the sweetness in the background...and that there lies the problem. Too much musk and spice. If they dropped the musk back a bit and increased the sweetness on the dry down then this would be perfect. As it is, its just average.   
I love it! Especially opening. Unfortunately it's so popular, that you won't find living human being, who don't know what 1 million is, what it smells like and how it looks like. Too many people wear it. If you want to smell decent and OK, then go for it!

Rating would be positive if not the popularity.
This is a great one if you want to smell like cotton candy. I am not meaning that in a bad way, but it just isn't for me. I don't find any complexity in it, just sugary with a powder vanilla dry down. 
Great bottle - if you're a teenage boy who wants to swank about in the bathroom. Great silage and longevity - if you're a teenage boy who wants everyone to know that he's just started shaving. Great advert - if you're a teenage boy who likes the idea of blinging it up. Great opening - not just for teenage boys - the blood orange smelled like mandarin jelly to me - delicious. Vile drydown - great for a teenage boy who wants his friends to know he's wearing 1 Million - but for everyone else it's an invitation to a migraine.  Whatever White woods are meant to smell like, they seem to occur in every budget or copycat fragrance and have the tenacity of a cockroach. 

Postscript: 5 days later, the cuff of my jacket still reeks from two sprays of a tester. 
Irresistible tiramisu!
Definitely a gourmand fragrance and definitely a lady killer scent,she'll love close encounters.she react to this like orgasm reactions like (ohh god,wow).to me it's a sexy chicken.

Uomo interprets the sublime masculine through a luminous aura with an intense,vibrant,and glowing combination of fresh Bergamot,Aromatic Cardamom and mild spicy black pepper.An addictive sensuality accented by oriental,intriguing,and enveloping notes like tiramisu, amrboxan amber,orange Blossom melds with a racy virility symbolized by woods such as cashmere Wood while Sandalwood and tonka bean provide a cuddly comfortable scent as she want to eat him when he wears this.the dry downs very smooth and sweet.It has a slightly tropical,spicy,sweet,and just yummy vibe.totally the sweetness from the tiramisu and tonka bean is what this fragrance is all about.

I sat there just salivating thinking of a delicious hot flaky danish dessert with butter drizzled all over it - this thing is a breakfast table at a pancake restaurant in a bottle.It really doesn't stand out in any particular way.If a guy has a few bottles of well made designer fragrances,I do not see a reason to add this one to the mix.With so many endless choices for mens cologne, this one can easily get lost in the crowd.suitable during autumn/winter.

Sillage?Moderate.

Longevity?6hours on my skin

6.5/10
Batchcode 11i13AR 2018

Read so many reviews on this..really kind of a let down.

Its smells like it could be another Armani Code Flanker.

Im finding more and more that anything after 2016 is just not what it used to be - performance wise & sillage.

I blind bought because of all the positive reviews but was left rather disappointed. Its also very similar to Paco Rabanne Black XS.

I'm running on 4 sprays for 2 hours now and have gone completely blind to it, 2 on back of arms and 1 behind each ear.

I have to say again there is just a strong resemblance to Armani Code with slight hint of coffee bean.

I'd give it a 5/10 (average) just because its different - but not anything ground breaking or anything that stands out. If you want something sweet that projects - this isn't it.

Parting Note: It really does remind me of the way sample sprays in a magazine fold out advertisement smell 
Salvatore Ferragamo Uomo sits firmly in the designer realm, a linear gourmand built around a tiramisu accord that is presented in a pleasantly airy fashion, but still boasts impressive performance.

Compared to something like L'Instant de Guerlain pour Homme Eau de Toilette (which, unlike the Eau de Parfum, boasts an airiness similar to Ferragamo Uomo), Uomo seems thin. Indeed, there are a host of cacao-infused gourmands from the past twenty years that vastly outshine Uomo in artistic accomplishment.

Still, there's something here worth enjoying, and its simplicity adds, rather than detracts, from the pleasure. 
A sweet and thickly opening notes greets me and sets the stage for the future development: caramel, chocolate, freshly baked cakes and biscuits - all very rich, creamy and filled with vanilla custard. 

The other side is a nonspecifically woodsy note, which, at times, sports whiffs of a musky component.  

I get moderate sillage, excellent projection and seven hours of longevity on my skin.  

Clearly a wither scent for colder days, this creation is predictable to a level that is tedious at times.  The main drawback is the overly chemically synthetic nature of the ingredients and its poor structure.  2.5/5. 
Salvatore decides to offer a Thierry Mugler A Men flanker and call it his own.
This composition is quite familiar: sweet woody vanillaic.  Add a salty spiciness for Ferragamo weirdness or Italian charm, your choice.
Not a bad fragrance in and of itself, since it does stand out in that tonka bean based gourmand-for-men genre of masculine fragrances.

My initial thoughts after spraying were a cup of coffee with cookies baking or honey roasted almonds.  Very syrupy sweet, heavy and nutty. Wife detected some "smokey" notes.

Seems most appropriate for cold nights when you want to get close with someone.

Very good projection from opening into the drydown, so no need to over-spray. After the opening softens, I do get some florals, although only in a very soft way.




A gourmand lover's dream.  This opens with sugar, vanilla, maple syrup, a bit of cooking spices...Cinnamon? Reminds me of some of the Bond no 9 Sickly sweet gourmands. New Haarlem maybe? Anyway, if you get it ONLY wear it in cold weather, and not somewhere where it will mingle with food odors.
Cherries, cherries, cherries galore - that is the opening blast;  a rich and sweet explosion of red cherries.  Soon they become really boozy, and an underlying undercurrent of bitter almonds And amaretto - darker and a touch more bitter than the Ferrero’s Mon Cherie chocolates.  

Then, after about an hour, the cherries truly are “lost” - the opening notes collapse spectacularly, and like the echo of an explosion, the amaretto remains.  No other contenders have a chance to develop: the jasmin Sambas as well as a Turkish rose- the latter remaining rather a background feature that does not contribute significantly to the development of this creation.  

The base adds a tonka impression that is sweet but not too dominant, at times is has a tobacco notion attached to it, without seeing the two taking the foreground as they do in this house’s Tobacco Vanille.  Touches of the Peru Balsam con and go, and a woodsy component developed towards the end - more cedar than sandal, but quite weak on me.  Whilst a bit of vetiver shines through rarely, this is a vetiver that is as faints as it is nonspecific.  

I get moderate sillage, adequate projection overall - from excellent to weak - and and about six hours of longevity on my skin, with the last few hours very close to my skin.   

As the name says, the initial cherry is lost very soon.     It is somewhat overly synthetic.  The subsequent notes are not particularly rich or expressive.  
Still, better losing one’s cherries than losing one’s marbles.   2.75/5. 
Do you want to smell like a cherry? Well if you do and you want Tom Ford to be the brand that enables you to do so, you're going to pay $320 for 50ml of the pleasure. I really wanted to dislike this as I did Fucking Fabulous (2017) and Lavender Extrême (2019), but there is just something a bit fun about Lost Cherry (2018) which makes that impossible. Primarily, the scent is more complex than one might suspect and dries down into tobacco (which is always nice), even if performance is extremely underwhelming. Lost Cherry is a gourmand tobacco scent at heart, with a tacky theme the likes of which only Tom Ford has the gall to market at this price point, but if you decide it's for you, I'd grab one while you can if it isn't already discontinued by the time you see this, because it is a low-volume seasonal exclusive.

Lost Cherry opens with... cherry. I mean come on, what else did you expect me to say? There's a maraschino cherry mixed with a bit of amaretto liqueur thanks to the bitter almond sharing the top. The heart sees some rose and jasmine to make Lost Cherry more "perfumey" than just what otherwise might just smell like snow cone flavoring, but it's the base where things heat up. Tonka and tobacco undoubtedly borrowed from Tom Ford Tobacco Vanille (2007) make a show, and pair up nice with some cedar and sandalwood for a proper base, with the tobacco being the core theme past the first hour. Sadly, this is also a skin scent by then, even if it lasts all day otherwise. I also think Lost Cherry is quite unisex for fans of the note, and something this decadent can only be worn in a romantic or cold weather casual setting. If you have the audacity to spend top coin to drizzle yourself in Tom Ford's cherries, at least have the reserve not to show up at work in it, thanks.

There aren't a ton of perfumes with a cherry tobacco accord at their core, and the only other notable one I can recall is Burberry London for Men (2006), which luckily won't cost an arm and a leg, even if it is less sweet and a good amount spicier. The niche realms house some pretty strange things, especially in the frivolous-to-the-max realm of luxury lines which serve little other purpose but to be status-inferring symbols of indulgence, so I guess there really isn't much more indulgent out there than wanting to smell like a cherry cordial enjoyed with a smoking pipe. Whatever floats your boat, you had better be willing to pay for it, and due to the limited nature of these seasonal Private Collection releases, you'd better cherish that cherry while you have it. As for me, I give this silly overpriced fling a neutral for giving me a laugh, but I can't take it seriously.
I am really in two or even multiple minds on this one.  Had a test spray on a strip last summer, liked it enough to spray some on me. Lovely, and not like anything else in my wardrobe. I read all the blurb, info and reviews,  and added it to my birthday wish list.  Hmm. Be careful what you wish for. Like a summer romance that fades once back in the real world, I wonder if I'd mixed up the scents I tried that August afternoon in Brighton. Or maybe the air is different in the South West. 
This smells gorgeous on the dry down, but the couple of hours to get there? A heavy traffic journey in an overheated car with a fractious under- 4 screaming "are we there yet?" Way too intense.
I have to be really careful not to apply more than 2 sprays, or I get burning eyes, instant head ache and can barely breathe. Aldehydes? But my skin always absorbs fragrance very fast, so I have to apply at least 4 sprays to get it to last over two hours.  Ok; so a smart exit from the bathroom away from the fog of choking scent, and the first strikingly good and weird stuff starts happening within 10 minutes. A huge burst of cut lemons right next to a smoking wood fire, without any blending of the two. They are absolutely distinct in a way I've not experienced in any other scent. So good, yet so scary. This perfume is taking no prisoners. Something dirty-sexy bleeds through  about half an hour later, it's very animalic at this point, bordering on the unpleasant, and I hate it.  This feels far too strong to be on me at all, and definitely not out in public, but by then, I'm leaving the house, so too late to back out. 
However,....I can't stop sniffing my arms. After an hour the lemons and smoke and dirt have come together to make a truce, and an uneasy peace is agreed. Some days the ceasefire holds and I love wearing this,it's earthy, smoked-lemony and gorgeous. Some days though there are  nasty skirmishes and the smell remains over-strong, unblended, raw and industrial. 
Some fragrances can only be worn when I am in the right mood for them,(such as Cliquat de Lancome or Ivoire de Balmain), and that always works. The problem I have with Shalimar, is that I can't guess whether its going to be a day of war or peace- the scent reaction to  my skin seems to be completely out of my control. Mood doesn't affect her. Overall a bit of a loose cannon. When she was good, she was very, very good; and when she was bad, she was horrid.    
I had the chance to test Shalimar EDP (current version), Shalimar parfum de toilette, Shalimar Souffle de Parfum and buy a 70s vintage version Shalimar, the first version of Ode à la Vanille, sur la Route de Madagascar and sur la Route du Mexique. 

The current Shalimar EDP was a bit disappointing. A lot of bergamot with some cardamom and then a powdery rose (almost itchy). Then it settles down finally but doesn't give a good sillage. What's funny is that it smells different if you smell it one cm away from another spot. 

Shalimar from the 70s is so much better. Both softer and spicier, with an amber, cashmere feel. You get the bergamot and the rose, but nothing is too strong. 

Parfum de toilette (mine is from 93) is even softer but powerful with more powdery vanilla. Less “itchy” bergamot and rose. 


Souffle de parfum shouldn't be compared. This is not Shalimar, don't expect Shalimar. There are some common notes, especially if you wear vintage Shalimar on the other wrist. But it's very good on its own! A wonderful floral with some spices and a gourmand dry-down. I'm happy I randomly got a sample of this and I hope I'll get a full bottle. Sillage could be better, though.

The original Ode à la Vanille opens in a very bitter way. It's balsamic. Then it goes towards a powdery bergamot. The acid vanilla comes later. It's a bit sweeter than the vintage Shalimar but quite similar in the dry down. It also has more fruit. 

Sur la Route de Madagascar shares a lot of notes as well, but it's more floral than fruity. It's more animalistic. Dirtier in a very sexy way. It has more vanilla than the others as well. 

Sur la Route du Mexique opens with more pepper. It's something between rhum and gin, with spices. It might have a more itchy, synthetic feel for me.

Note that the three bottles are exactly the same. You've got to keep the boxes to differentiate them. 

The opening of all those Shalimar, except for souffle de parfum, is the biggest difference. The more they dry, the most similar they get. 

Beautifully put together, it opens with caramel and musk. Flowery notes come in after. This fragrance is /strong/. But it's a little bit of an acquired taste, and not for me. It's all at once too sweet for me, while also not leathery enough. 
I'm told that what I'm smelling here is a recent EdP. 

Shalimar is usually instantly recognizable; a cavalcade of notes that somehow manage to synchronize perfectly. But versions of this scent tend to vary quite a bit, and in this particular one there’s a medicinal, metallic effect that cuts through the standard citrus to meet with a powdery vanilla, producing what I'd describe as redolent of effervescent candy. It reminds me a little bit of sherbet lemons—the same candied sweetness that walks a fine line between sour and sugary, only here the sour notes are rendered in a more industrial, disinfectant style.

What’s strange about this version, though, is that it doesn’t bear much of a connection to the Shalimar that I’m more familiar with—that civet-y, marzipan-style scent that’s top loaded with crisp citrus notes. This version is gaunt by comparison, and seems to veer more towards clinical sterility than confection. I don’t dislike it (I actually don’t like Shalimar very much, so this might even be a step-up for me), but I’m not entirely clear what its aiming for or how this version wandered so far away from the original fragrance.
On good days, this smells like vanilla-flavored smoke and leather. On bad days, it smells like bug spray. 

That said, I'll always have a bottle with me, because there's a disturbing beauty to it, and as an oriental, it smells so completely different from any of the edible, dessert-like fragrances being classed in the same category today. (Not that I don't enjoy those.)

I can't say why but to me, Shalimar smells like it contains a tarry leather note. There's a deliberate "dirtiness" to it that makes it more raunchy than romantic, and I definitely need to be in the right mood to enjoy it.
i have the reformulated version from 2011....and must say its a big dissapointment...
 but on the original parfume i can say its the best idea behind any female parfume, combination of citrusy-bergamot and vanilla-amber, incense notes....all the best i like, so feminine and powdery and so special, creme brulle :), and not so many parfumes that play with simmilar notes
thats what i want and thats what its worth having, but not when they put reformulations and think people who buy shalimar wont notice it? ...becasue if it smelled like this before i am sure it would not be such a popular scent, this 2011 version  resembles too much to dior homme, its more of a hay and less of smoky creme brulle. but ok will survive it :)

EDIT:i could not survive it so i sold it and managed to buy EDT vintage, it smells like real icon now! its not so sharp, offensive, citrus layed over hay, but its cremme brulle, i finally get the vanilla!! which i could not findin new EDP,  its like hearing a song from the mouth of a man and a robot, this is the difference for me between vintage and modern perfume, they want to speak the same words but cant reach my heart, amazing experience for me to see how these things do matter!! and reformulations are bad thing!
First try with this, strong oriental vibe, loved the bergamot but it faded quickly. Liked the scent overall. I totally missed the iris, but my husband thought it smelled like "baby powder". Interesting spicy tone in a nice soft vanilla base. 

I will try this one again, but kind of disappointed so far.

***Update 10/15/11***
Maybe my first trial was a stale sample, this time is much nicer! Now I pick up the iris notes as well, that's part of the powder I think. Husband likes it better this time, too.

***Update 09/25/16***
Not in love. At all. The first hour or two is interesting, then it dissolves into sugary-powder. It seriously smells like candy on my skin. Lasts all day, too. I think I'll be swapping this one...

Shalimar has always confused me.  Two women I knew in the 1970's wore it, and it smelled quite different on each, so I never could find it's identity.  Last year i purchased a brand new bottle and sprayed it on.  The top notes were lovely, but the drydown was pure coumarin or some coumarin substitute.  Sadly, coumarin becomes quite bitter and uncomfortable on my skin but lasts forever.  I tried it a few more times with the same results.  Shalimar was moved to the back of the cabinet.
Two months ago I found a mystery bottle of Guerlain for sale.  It had no label but was the familiar round bottle with the crystal stopper and was quite affordable.  I snatched it up and dabbed it on.  The top notes had gone off but what followed was heavenly.  I guessed that it might have been Shalimar, but with no label it was merely guessing. Whatever it was, it was so different from the current Shalimar.
Today I received another bottle (round bottle w/ crystal stopper) off the internet, this one with a label.  Definitely Shalimar.  I dabbed both bottles on my wrists, and they are identical and wonderful.  Full, rich and delicious.  Totally Guerlain.
So.  How do I rate this perfume that smells so amazing in it's vintage incarnation and so painful in it's current state?  I'm afraid it will have to be neutral for now.
The opening is not-too-sweet lemons with something kinda musty or animalic. It also has a slight herbal greeness. The animalic jasmine and patch combo kick in next, giving it that mature, almost feminine quality that many older scents have to my nose.  It’s not heavy it all.  Feels versatile and could be quite effective in a warmer climate. 

I’ll comment on performance but my sample didn’t come with any indication of what year it was produced, so I assume it’s fairly recent and probably what’s available in stock at retail. Projection was just okay throughout but longevity was pretty good, lasting 8 hours. 
Eau Sauvage Parfum is probably my favorite scent period. So naturally I was going to gravitate towards the original version of it. Every time my wife drags me into Sephora I smell it on paper. The opening is beautiful, so fresh, so clean. So finally yesterday I sprayed some juice on my hand and left. About 20 minutes later it turned into a skin scent on me. Not only that but I didn't like what it turned into. It completely strayed from the beautiful opening that attracted me to it in the first place but rather a dirty vetiver vibe. Almost got a Polo Green vibe from it, and unfortunately that does not blend well with my skin. Such a shame because it truly has a great opening but whatever, at least I didn't waste my money on something I don't like. 
This as we know it comes from the past as a traditional clean, citrusy based fragrance with a dry down of a woody. This fragrance is in my meh list as it not intended to wow or intrigue anyone. A work scent is more to its niche. Sillage is standard and longevity is in the middle due to its citrus nature.
Love this classic, very fresh, lemon and Bergamot, summery,clean, leather,woody dry down. The only problem is longevity, it just fades too quickly.      
This has a very beautiful masculine citrus-and-leather scent to it that is old-fashioned in a good way and has a barbershop quality to it. However it smells almost identical to Capucci pour Homme which sells for a fraction of the price of Eau Sauvage. In comparison to Capucci pour Homme though, Eau Sauvage does have a more full smell with higher potency in the opening. As for the sillage, it is moderate while longevity is also moderate. In my opinion Capucci pour Homme is basically the same juice for a cheaper price.

4/5
Nice lemon drop candy for 5 minutes and then poof... gone. Pleasant scent, not offensive, but just not enough. I'll assume it was probably better 50 years ago. Will try this again sometime & see if it's any better. 

Aug 19,2018. Will change from thumbs down to neutral. Upon second sampling with much more fragrance, I still find the top notes disappear 5 minutes in, never to be smelled again. However, there are some nice (very light) basenotes on this that actually do last a while, but it is instantly a skin scent and to legitimately enjoy this you would have to drown yourself in it.  
I blind bought a big bottle of this stuff based on the positive reviews all over the web, and the iconic status. 

I'm giving it a neutral because of its iconic status, but I really don't like it. I don't "hate it", exactly, but I hardly ever use it. It has some sort of sickly-sweet, sugary thing going on in the opening notes that I dislike. I don't see many reviews mentioning this aspect, but I find it overpowering. After 30 minutes or so that mellows out and it improves, but not entirely. It continues to have a sort of candied sweet note all the way through to dry-down.

Other aspects of it are nice - the citrus, complexity, etc., but I can't get past that "too much Splenda" type vibe.
Light lemony-basil scent. The lemon reminds me of cut up lemons that have been run through the garbage disposal. You get the same sharp, yet fleeting lemon wafting through the air. As it drys down, more of a basil comes through and the lemon hangs around in the background. Longevity and projection are not great, but this is the type of scent that works better in an understated profile.
For me, this gets most use on hot days or after an evening shave as a refresher. 
Well i love citrus based fresh scents and always thought that Eau Sauvage will be the holy grail fragrance for me. Then One day i got a bottle. 
In my humble opinion i found it very over rated and hyped. Spending top bucks for a Dior fragrance and getting a bitter citrusy juice that lasts for no longer than 3 hours on my skin is not my idea of a Legend.
The bitter herbal candied citrusy opening is also not very pleasing to me.
No matter how hard i tried to Love it ...I failed.
Sorry Eau Sauvage.

The Neutral Rating is as a regard to its awesome reputation.
I tried my hardest to be a fan of Eau Sauvage. It smells great, it was a favorite scent of my late grandfather, and it's a perfumery legend.

Alas, I gave my bottle to a good friend of mine. The reason? On my skin, it only lasts three hours - and this is a guy where L'Humaniste, known for longevity issues, lasts all day.
On trying this out recently, I sprayed and loved it--until I smelled myself up close.  Whereas from afar, I reveled in the heavenly lemon and vetiver, at the skin level I detected a concentrated pungent, cabbage-y accord, that reminded me distinctly of helping my grandmother clean the house with a big bucket of Pine Sol in my youth.  Not exactly the fragrance I was hoping for.  However, after an hour or so, this acrid note disappeared and I enjoyed the rest of the ride.  

For me, chypres are finicky.  With a polarizing scent like Aramis, I can abide the gamey topnotes on the way to the heart of the fragrance, but this one was a bit off-putting for me.  Part of it, I think, is that Eau Sauvage EDT is at heart a 60s fragrance (like Aramis), with the cologne sensibility and orientation of that time.  Not a bad scent at all and worth trying.  Just not necessarily my favorite.  May have to give it a second chance...
The opening has a strong lipstick note. After that, powdery violets. Pretty enough, but not for me.
The floral opening is pleasantly floral, rose-centred, with a frankly disappointing hawthorn -  compared to the benchmark Aubepine Acacia. In the drydown I get a good opopanax impression, and the base might be nicely fresh, but it is quite generic on my skin.
I get moderate sillage, good projection and four hours if longevity.
The flower in the bottle is kind of cute.

I have it on today. And it smells so similar to Burberry Body because of the Bulgarian Rose. Wears off with vanilla scent.
There's no doubt that FbK is a perfume to which people are seldom indifferent. It has a smell of quality, it's penetrating and powerful in its unnuanced sweetness. I don't experience it transforming over time at all, as others seem to. On me, it's signally reluctant to do anything but fade a bit. If I didn't wash, it'd hang on, getting stale, but still resolutely, recognisably itself.
I've had it and worn it, on and off, for several years, the same bottle. At first, I was enchanted by what I took to be its splendid girly innocence. I guess what's happened is: I find its lack of development over time, its insistent shout of sweetness just plain tiring. One can weary of the best perfume, but this one seems designed in a wearisome way. Any charm offensive can fail, it falls apart into charm... and offensive...
Someone mentioned Baudrillard and the idea of a simulacrum - something which is an imitation of something else that doesn't actually exist. What a wonderful insight - and about the art of modern perfumery in general too; modern perfumes being mostly made of aromachemicals. Yes, it's nothing less than Art. 
Anyway, to get back to FbK, shallow is shallow is shallow. In FbK, the map has indeed become the territory. FbK goes nowhere slowly and is, perhaps, the appropriate scent for my last day. When I leave a wish-list of garments and so on for my body to be clad in, I'll ask to be perfumed with FbK. I won't be able to smell it and I'll be beyond weariness.

It's been a while since I first reviewed Kenzo FLOWER, my memory of which is best summed up as : vanilla baby powder. I fortuitously received a fresh sample in the mail just this week, and as I am attempting to understand Caron ROYAL BAIN DE CHAMPAGNE, it seems an opportune time to take up FLOWER again.

The opening of FLOWER holds lots of promise for this lover of violets—whether from Parma or elsewhere! Upon initially dabbing the fragrance all over my arms and décolleté today, I began to wonder whether my “vanilla baby powder” memory of FLOWER was really all wrong. Had I reviewed the perfume on a humid day, or irresponsibly allowed my blood caffeine content to dip to a dangerous low before brandishing my pen? Who knows? In those opening minutes, just enough time, coincidentally enough, to make the big sell at counters all over the world, this perfume seems like some sort of dream come true, a rich floriental with seductive appeal, clearly comprising top-notch notes which wax and wane in a lilting, lyrical way.

Alas, the drydown commences shortly thereafter, during which everything flattens out and begins to smell progressively more synthetic until, at last, I recall why my memory of FLOWER as “vanilla baby powder” was right all along. Certainly not a bad perfume, but rather blunt and banal in the final analysis, when all is said and sniffed. Rather like a marriage which may endure for years in a stagnant state after an initially exciting but short-lived romance.

Would poppies smell like vanilla baby powder, if they had a scent? Sure, why not? (if pigs could fly)

 I think MISSSPRING's review really hit the nail on the head.  She wrote:

"If Flower by Kenzo were a blind date, the evening would evolve like this:
He arrives and is better looking than you'd hoped, he has sex appeal and he is so incredibly charming. At the beginning of the date you are in heaven. Then he quickly starts to lose his allure and you begin to feel let down. "Is it me?" you wonder, as you are still hopeful. But after a short while, you find him definitely dull and even slightly annoying. "

When I first put this on I really liked it -- almost as I do my beloved Shalimar.  And then it turned to powder - nothing but poweder - and it won't go away.

This is definitely not for me.

There's nothing I can add to the reviews of this fragrance. It's a powdered spring sweet violet and mixed floral. It keeps you and the mood at that level, and doesn't seem to go 'deep'. So it has it's place, and works as a loudly quiet innocent seeming floral, powdered and light. A nighttime or sultry fragrance it is not, and doesn't need to be. I don't hate or love it - I can see wearing it in mixed social situations, church, etc. That being said, as with all fragrances with sillage and powder, this is best worn very lightly, as it will easily cross that line of intruding on another's space. It is also slightly sneezy, and that must be kept in mind when using it around crowds. If used with restraint, this exhibits the sweet innocent powderedness of a lingerie drawer. If not used with restraint, the insincere sweetness of an ambitious southern belle running for beauty queen.
When you first smell Flower by Kenzo you will most likely recognize the scent as something that you're familiar with because you have at least known one person that wears this fragrance.

This perfume is quite distinctive. It's not an overly unique or ground-breaking scent, rather it is a safe clean-smelling, powdery floral.

I'll be honest and say that I hated this fragrance when I first sprayed it. It was strong, bitter and not at all flowery and sweet like I'd imagined it to be. 

It took some time for those top notes to disappear, but when they eventually did, I came to like this scent a little better. The violets are surprisingly the strongest and most dominant note throughout this composition, however they are powdery and slightly synthetic.

Overall, I don't mind the freshness and subtlety that Flower by Kenzo creates, but I'm really not crazy about this scent. To me it's just a common soapy/clean fragrance that hasn't pushed too many boundaries.


Here are the notes listed on the sample card: Bulgarian rose, Parma violet, Amber, White Musk, Vanilla, Almond.
This starts like a big scoop of vanilla ice cream.  It is very sweet.  The florals are nice but they are all jammed together -- very dense.  Powdery dry-down.  I'm neutral on it (rather than negative) because it seems pleasant, not synthetic.  Once the sweetness burns off, a pretty nice rose note appears, with the white musk.  The scent is just too sweet and "girly" to appeal to me.  
I thought I lucked out with the opening of FlowerbyKenzo… I smelled an impressive modern floral accord featuring a clear, minimalist rose note with a background modernistic aquatic note.  I say “lucked out” because I didn’t smell the expected violet note, which I tend to strongly dislike.  But that feeling of relief lasted only about fifteen minutes.  Then the violet note came on unrelentingly, to ruin the fragrance for me.  By the time the heart notes have been achieved, the violet dominated in conjunction with a powdery opoponax, vanilla, and the white musk combination.  The powder is charmingly feminine and of high quality.  The opening was a crystal clear floral presentation – a simplistically beautiful rose-floral accord that is an admirable and creative achievement.  I would think very highly of this fragrance if it weren’t for that unrelenting violet note.
I want to like this perfume so much.  I love the bottle, but I completely agree with Lorettagrace: Baby Powder!  I put it on, and smell nothing but baby powder for 5 hours, then I get a hint of something deeper and more complex, but it is so faint.  Fortunately I like the smell of baby powder, so my 1ml sample will be used. I just can't bring myself to spend designer perfume price for the beautiful bottle of liquid baby powder.  
The rose introduces the violet and dissappear in the first minutes. then a musky powdery sweet violet lingers on and on. i also get something ozonic (or dried clovers like?). Too sweet and too violet for my taste.
I'm of two minds about this perfume, which seems to fit in with the split personality aspect of the perfume others have mentioned.  It isn't horrible... it's quite pleasant at times.  It's just that the violet in it smells of parma violets... there's a candylike aspect to the violet that can be a little bit cloying if the ambient temperature in the room or the season isn't quite right.  That being said, Parma violets do smell nice... and the sweetness isn't overly pronounced.  It's just that I would rather eat parma violets than wear them!
Kenzo Flower is almost a copy of  of Leutece and Ombre Rose.  Magic Dreams is an acknowledged copy of Kenzo flower but I think it is much better.  Magic Dreams is dryer and blunter and less sweet and less powdery than Kenzo Flower.  Kenzo Flower is overly powdery and cloyingly sweet; Magic dreams is more buttery and has a fresher and smoother dry down. 
Flower by Kenzo EDP and Parfum comparisonLeft arm: Kenzo Flower EDPRight arm: Kenzo Flower ParfumNot sure if this was mentioned in previous reviews, but these seem to be 2 different fragrances, irrelevant of concentration.On first spray, the EDP is a bit like play-do or latex rubber. It is not as "rubbery" as the latex note I get in Sarah Jessica Parker Covet or most of the Gaultiers, and it has quite a bit a fruit up front, sort of a peach-orange combination (nectarine?) along with a synthetic floral bouquet. Ok, ok, it is a fruity floral with some lactonic "milky" quality. Within 20-30 minutes, the sharpness of the fruit & flower softens to a bit of a soapy note, and is a little bit tart or sour. In fact, it is almost a plastic smell, or maybe a bit like old lipstick (sort of waxy). It reminds me of those dolls that have scented hair. Not bad, but if I had to base my decision to purchase on this one wearing, I would give it a pass.The parfum initially has more emphasis on the latex note with less fruit, and is more powdery with what seems to be a light amber. I would not say it is significantly heavier or stronger than the EDP. Rather, it is more resinous and rich, maybe more of an evening scent. The florals are less bright in this one, probably tempered by the amber notes. Of the two scents, it has more of the same qualities of Kenzo Amour, which I love. Unlike Kenzo Amour, Kenzo Flower Parfum penetrates my senses gradually with softness. I find it more in the "Amour" family than the special edition Indian Holi (which basically smelled like Amour with red cinnamon candle wax). However, the amber notes are not stellar, and with the sourness of the fruit and floral wafting in an out, I am not sure this one is FBW either. Having said that, it is definitely the more enjoyable of the two!Much later: Everything has dried down nicely...even the Kenzo Flower lost its dense waxyness to reveal a soft powdery floral underneath. Unfortunately I sensed hints of ammonia, darn it all, this aromachemical sensitivity!
I'm just starting out with perfumes, so maybe I'll come to appreciate this one more as I gain experience, but right now the powdery note isn't something that suits me very well.  It dries down to something very like a marshmallow on me, which is a bit sweeter than I like my perfumes (YMMV).
I can definitely smell the rose in this one and the sweetness sticks for a long time. Not my thing but I don't particularly care for heavy florals. I tried it once as it was my roommates and she adored the scent. She was from Brazil and said many girls there wear it.
Starts out very promising, with a bright and uplifting opening, but quickly deteriorates into a fairly heavy, almost cloying, musty floral mish mash.  Perhaps it's my lack of experience, but I have a hard time detecting individual notes.  That would be okay if the fragrance was a 'symphonic floral' (to quote Luca Turin referring to 'Beyond Paradise').  Unfortunately, it's not. More like a poorly tuned high school band. Full on 'Meh!'
