Don't understand the hype about this fragrance. It smells like bubblegum with smoke or something with it. Way too sweet and cloying. I prefer Grand Soir and especially the wonderful and beautiful Oud Satin Mood to this.

3.5/5
I first smelled Baccarat Rouge on paper and got a huge glug of that candy floss and burnt sugar chemical so beloved of celebuscents and something that shouted BERRY in a vocodered voice. So far so like the ultra-sweet gourmands that many young women wear these days that will choke any available stairwell or elevator, but this one seemed buffed to a sheen, and a blotter with a single spray seemed to keep calling to me from the far end of the room. Not the kind of thing I normally go for but it seemed to hold promise. Could Kurkdjian have offered us something addictive and startling in this most trashy of genres? 
But on skin, disaster could not be averted, for alongside the sweetie cloud there was a pervasive iodine and ozone hospital corridor smell and a sharp metallic clang that put my teeth on edge. Here it seems was the woody amber from hell, hell-bent on giving aromachemicals a bad name.  I think it is aiming for some kind of dense yet transparent trick but ends up as widescreen soup with bits in it that you wish rather weren’t. Pretty linear and stretches from here to eternity. 

Another overhyped dud that has me thinking the fragrance community is nuts.

On my skin anyway, this fragrance is pointless.

I get a very faint, slightlg sweet/medicinal/mint type of scent, that doesn't project much. It's a muted skin scent from the onset and doesn't get much better I'm assuming (washed it off after a couple hours).

Smh @ the hype for this fragrance. I wouldn't pay $2 for this, let alone $200 for 75ml.
Nope, not a fan. I can barely tolerate thorough sampling to give a fair review. I really like the idea of this scent. Saffron is a favorite note, and the listed base including fir and ambergris sounds wonderful. Unfortunately, what I get is a fizzy, super-synthetic spiced floral cola opening accord (not a bad thing in an of itself) backed by a nuclear burnt sugar, Windex and metal accord (which most definitely is a bad thing in and of itself). 

I may be sensitive to an aromachemical in here somewhere, but I am not exaggerating when I say this is strongly unpleasant, and borderline revolting to my nose. 

Strong thumbs down. 
Opening for this is very pretty and you certainly get a sense of solidified burnt sugar, crushed back into granules.
And then to my nose, not much else happens here. It is certainly different, but the one thing that makes this a no for me is something in the base. I will have to guess it is the fir balsam. I am getting something stale and sour and not enjoying it at all.
The way this thing was hyped last year may have contributed to my disappointment here.
Tested from official MFK sample purchased on website.

I have to agree with ClaireV and drseid - this is just not good. I have much respect for MFK, and as a general rule, enjoy his creations, but this is not one for the shelf.

The opening is a blast (and I mean that with all that word contains) of saffron and some rotting fruit. Yes, rotting. It is likely a brown banana. There are fruit flies and I sense decayed sweetness. This is beyond banana bread - this is for the trash bin.

The opening also contains something far below, which I keep trying to figure out, but it's a pitchy note that I cannot identify. It doesn't work here. 

The structure falls apart for me and seems to just move amoeba-like for the remainder of the experience, which is really strange for an MFK. It went sorta flat - and I never did find the ambergris nor the jasmine, two notes I adore. I keep smelling something extremely fruity and so sweet, it turns my stomach. 

I am now off to scrub my wrists. Yes, it is that bad - at least for me.


Oh dear. This is rather unfortunate.

I have huge respect for Francis Kurkdijan as a man and as a perfumer. I own quite a few of his perfumes (Absolue pour le Soir, Eau Noire, Cologne Pour Le Soir), and greedily covet others that I don’t (his original Oud, Oud Cashmere Mood, Lumiere Noire Pour Homme, Enlevement au Serail). I’m hard pressed to think of a composition of his that I can’t at least appreciate, even if I don’t want to own it myself.

Baccarat Rouge 540 is an exception. Unfortunately, it manages to be the perfect storm of all the notes I hate, all of them converging at once to screw with my head. And it sticks to my skin like glue (ain't that the way it goes).

The top notes are pleasant, barely – a brief succulence in the form of oranges, saffron, and marigold that combines in such a way as to suggest a ripe red berry. For a moment, I am also reminded of the radiant freshness of his original Oud, a metallic brightness of spilled orange juice and yellow saffron powder. The jasmine here smells fresh, like a green-scent breeze moving through a line of cottons hung out to dry, and is reminiscent in its crispness of both Eau Sauvage and  Kurkdijan’s own Aqua Vitae – safe to say that rather than jasmine sambac or grandiflorum, this note is probably Hedione, a wonderful aromachemical that expands the lungs with a radiant, green jasmine sensation.

Unfortunately, the fruity floral top notes get swallowed up almost immediately by the powerful basenotes – and when I say powerful, I mean overwhelming. There is a potent cedar here that reads as wet, pungent, almost musky with that sour edge I dislike in the note, and when it buts up against the sweet, juicy top notes, the result is like throwing a thick pear juice onto a bed of ashes. This unsettling accord (fruit juice thrown into dirty ashes) is also what I experience from Soleil de Jeddeh by Stephane Humbert Lucas 777, another fragrance I’m struggling to get my head around.

The musky, sour cedar is quickly joined by one of the most obnoxious notes in all perfumery (for me personally), fir balsam. This note might make others think of Christmas, but to me, it always makes me think of sweat. Each of the five times I tried Baccarat Rouge 540, it dried down to this thin but obnoxious smell of dried runner’s sweat – I know it’s the fir balsam because I’ve experienced this once before, with Annick Goutal’s otherwise very lovely Encens Flamboyant. Pure sweat. It’s a hard association to shake.

The saltiness from the Ambroxan or ambergris note (whatever it is) doesn’t help much either. Its salty mineral smell brings a pleasant outsdoorsiness, yes, but it also brings forward that sensation of feeling your skin crackle with dried sea salt, sweat, and sun tightness after falling asleep on the beach after a swim. Pleasant in perfumes such as Eau des Merveilles, but joined with the wet, musky cedar and the sweaty fir balsam of Baccarat Rouge 540, it’s simply one drop of sweat too much. Some will find this salt-sweat note very sensual, sexy even - but it just makes me want to go take a shower.
Baccarat Rouge 540 opens with a brief dash of saffron spice infused dulled orange before quickly moving to its heart.  As the composition enters its early heart, the orange morphs to a vague, slightly transparent and relatively sweet fruity floral jasmine accord, as powerful woody amber takes on the starring role, with significant powdery oakmoss and fir balsam support.  During the late dry-down the composition remains highly linear as the powder infused woody amber continues to control sans the jasmine and sweetness, now with mild cedarwood support through the finish.  Projection is very good to excellent and longevity outstanding at nearly 24 hours on skin.

What a stinker Baccarat Rouge 540 is.  I knew in seconds I would detest this composition, and sadly after a couple full wearings on skin my opinion hasn't changed.  The initial dulled orange is tolerable, but that only lasts five seconds before the composition turns cloyingly sweet from the woody amber, and extremely powdery from an unpleasant and poorly implemented oakmoss and fir balsam tandem that is suffocating to the powder averse like this writer.  As the composition is highly linear, things don't change much all the way through the finish, letting the nose torture continue on and on... and on.  In truth, there really isn't anything I can say positive about the composition's smell as it is all bad, really.  At least on the flip-side for those perfume warriors that can tolerate wearing this scary stuff, the performance metrics, especially longevity, are absolutely outstanding.  So if you are insistent on wearing an early "worst new perfume of 2016" candidate (at least easily to the nose of this writer), you will live with this stuff all day and all night without any fear of it wearing off.  The bottom line is Baccarat Rouge 540 may seem like a relative bargain at its current selling price of $300 per 70ml bottle (as it originally was sold as a 250 piece limited edition in a fancy Baccarat crystal bottle for an eye popping $4000), but in truth $3 is paying too much for this "poor" to "very poor" 1 to 1.5 stars out of 5 rated horror. Spending your $300 at the baccarat *table* is a better investment.  

More like "Portrait of an Old Lady". I can't believe this is so well rated. It smells to me a lot like an elderly woman mixed with the gourmand scent of a male club fragrance.

Rose (absolue) stronger, evidently, plus pepper, Aoud and a powerful blast of patchouli, isn't sitting well with me. It has an oddly camphourous effect overall. I wonder if this is better suited for male chemistry. It just isn't working with mine and I keep getting soapy wafts along with peppery roses. A headache and a scrubber.
Where's the mystery?	With such a great name, I was really expecting something moody and mysterious. This definitely opens with notes of rose, patchouli and incense which is not a combination that I'm crazy about and whenever I see black current listed I get apprehensive, but I withheld judgment until I let it all play out. The scent does evoke that vintage make up smell, which is interesting, but what ruins everything for me is that the overall scent seems a little too synthetic smelling and transparent in the way the L'Artisans can be sometimes. I know that nearly every scent these days is composed of mostly synthetics due to regulations and cost and there's no getting around that, however when they smell obviously synthetic, my suspension of disbelief goes out the window and it's hard for me to imagine I'm smelling something straight from the garden or forest and all I can think of is someone in a lab with test tubes.
  Well there's one thing most of the lovers and haters can agree on: this ain't no lady!

  How much you enjoy Portrait of a Lady will largely depend on how much a certain style of Middle Eastern perfumery agrees with you, namely rosy oud blends that can cost you anywhere from a fortune to a few cents, and are popular everywhere in the Mid-East. It's a style of perfume popularized among the western perfumista set by Montale, and in recent years is just everywhere.

  I can't say this is anywhere close to my favorite rendition on the theme of oud-rose-patchouli, a combination I'm not terribly enamored with at the start. It is, however, distinctly the most loud and most feral. This even leaves fellow niche monoliths like Black Aoud in the dust in terms of brute force, and only a tiny spritz seemed to choke out the air around me and entomb me in hefty rose, dusty oud, and a fatty, rough-textured patchouli. 

 I kept an open mind, but frankly: I hated it. I cannot in the least say, however, that it's a bad deal. This is power in a bottle. A bottle could last you years ( though it just may age you prematurely... )




This is a heavy and heady one. For me very difficult to like. I'm not really a fan of rose fragrances in general. But this probably the least. The feelings I get from this is rose and bones (medical and dry vibe from patchouli-incence-oud), an old woman with bony white skin or make-up, black hair and red/black dress. That way it's neutral image, but it's not something I would like to smell.

I could see this work for women with black and red dresses on Mexican Dia de los Muertos when people dress up like dead/skeletons. I would say that it is exclusively for special occasions, special dress up or party. I don't know. Not my cup of tea surely. I have a sample so I'll try it later but would be very surprised if I ever started wearing this more occasionaly, even rarely. Least favourite by far of the 6 samples I have of Malle's.


I once did roofing for a poor family in the hills of Tennessee and their house stunk like this. Old body odor, mold, and rotting wood. I have no other way to describe the memories that come flooding back from this perfume.

A sharp, cloying, sweet green tobacco leaf pong that doesn't evolve much.  Atrocious.
London is all about the top notes, since it doesn't last more than an hour, and while I was initially impressed by them due to their uniqueness, after a few wears my opinion has changed.

On first spray London is a weird pine and vodka combination- strong and causing instant nostril-flare inducing. 

After a few minutes some cherry and lavender are introduced to the mix, creating a sweet/alcoholic/syrup with a wisp of nut/wood.

I know it's popular here, but I don't like it.
On paper, this looks like Autumn bottled.  Port wine, black pepper, leather, cinnamon leaves, tobacco, etc.  Then I sprayed some on.  Gigantic wine note, subtle black pepper, touch of cinnamon, and then...nothing.  All in the space of 30 minutes.  Sprayed some on my shirt and think it lasted 5 minutes (35 total for those keeping track) longer.  Unbelievably short-lived.  If Burberry ever put a longer lasting version, I'd be the first in line.  Until then, this one's a fail, epically so.  

3/10 

This is absolutely true about  Burberry London for Men. This lacks longevity and projection big time. After 2 hours it was long gone. Not worth the $$$$$. 
I thought it would be impossible to find a fragrance that projects less the D&G The One, but lo and behold Burberry London has proved me wrong.
I blind bought this fragrance after hearing all the good reviews about it and was extremely disappointed when I actually sprayed it. All I got from it was a very watery pine scent which hugs my skin after 10mins and a pwdery dry down with a hint of cherry, to be fair the dry down isnt bad but it just does not project on my skin at all and completely disappears completely after 2 hours. 

Im really disappointed with this buy and wouldn't buy it again.

My Score

Projection: 1/10
Longevity: 2/10
Fragrance: 5/10
Perhaps I got a bad decant or my skin chemistry is dysfunctional, but the way I experienced Burberry London was disappointing.  It was redolent of sulfur and sporty deodorant, petering out after two hours to a powdery base.  I guess it's fortunate that the the sillage and longevity are weak on this one.

I was looking for a cold weather fragrance and was recommended Burberry London. I like the smell of leather, tobacco leaf and cinnamon, so I had to give it a try.

The opening was sharp, spicy and borderline offensive. I didn't like it, but a lot of fragrances start out that way and calm down to something more pleasant. I wore two sprays of Burberry London around the mall. After about an hour, I just couldn't stand it anymore and had to wash it off. Very few fragrances do that to me, but Burberry London did.

Maybe it was because the mall was hot, stuffy and crowded, but I just couldn't handle Burberry London.

I can't give a complete review of London because I washed it off before I've fully experienced it, but one thing was for certain. I didn't like it.

I'm going to have to try Burberry London again in order to complete this review. Because of my unpleasant experience, I'll still have to give it a thumbs down, but I'll at least give it my highest thumbs down rating. I'll be back to add more to this review.

London gets a 3 out of 5. Subject to change, hopefully for the better.
The longer into the dry down, the more this reminded me of Sung Homme - and I hate Sung Homme.

This scent is pleasant to wear in the begining after application but the longevity is so short.  On me anyway, it lasts less than 1 hour.  Afterwards, it smells like a carpenter with perspiration odor.  Almost embarrassing!  If I want to smell this way all I need to do is work out at the gym for an hour.  I'd say it's a useless fragrance because it serves no purpose.....:"neither here nor there".

Vile, Vile, Vile, disgusting acrid, bitter, nasty, abominable thing!

Rivals Secretions Magnifiques as being the worst thing ever devised, created and fobbed off on a public who obviously has lost all of its taste.

I opened this on my porch. Immediately three passing dogs turned over, barked their last and expired on my sidewalk. Their owners keeled over and hit their heads on the pavement. Once the ambulance arrived, the medics immediately put on their gas masks. I was warned to "Put it down, sir, and walk away from it."  

I did so and they picked up the sample vial with plastic gloves and dropped it into a container for the lab to follow up on.

If you like this, cut your nose off.  Your face will be the better for it.
Jasmine? Where are you? Very faint floral top note quickly cashmere and woods came in and turns sour type of woods. 

Not your typical floral or wood scent, I like sweet, floral, fruity, aquatic, cream, vanilla type of scent and Alien is not those. If you're a non fruity floral vanilla fan try this one. 

Color I think of: dark green, black, dark purple. 
Words I think of: mature, elegant, serious business. 
Suitable age (objective): 45+
Honestly, I wanted to love this fragrance because the bottle reminded me of the Halo video game. But I found it over-hyped for what was promised. The wood/leather notes felt really harsh and synthetic against powder. Not interesting, just weird and migraine-inducing. I had to wash it off after an hour. I much prefer the Alien Eau Extraordinaire which is less synthetic leather smelling. 
On paper it was a lovely jasmine opening with the rest being jasmine behind a candy haze. On my skin it's mostly just the candy haze.

sickly sweet ultraviolet woman
I wanted to be blown away by this.  With a name like Alien and a bottle like Star Wars Clone Wars, it ought to be over-the-top-weird, right?  Otherworldly?  Artificial?   As it turns out, I had to settle for only the last of those three adjectives.

At first, I got excited by what promised to be a vinyl note, but it failed to develop.  After that, something screechy and metallic wound its way through the entire fragrance, but it never fully distinguished itself as a note, per se.  The "jasmine" certainly smelled artificial, but it fell far short of the impressively odd, green, powdery, plastic flowers of Kenzo Flower.  Now, those truly were alien.  They smelled like flowers straight out of a toy box. 

In the middle of this fragrance, I smelled the not-so-weird scent of... a root beer float and a pitcher of berry Kool-aid.  Certainly those don't smell strange to anyone raised as a kid in America.

Disappointed I was.  Take the bottle, I will.  And may the farce be with you.


Smelled lovely on the test strip, lovely when I first put it on, then the dry down. Sickeningly sweet artificially flavored caramel and scorched fabric. Total scrubber. I find the bottle garish and pretentious. 
Unfortunately I have to say that I agree with jtd. There is definitely a note in this perfume that distinctly reminds me of artificial sweetener, and I also find it really unpleasant. Plus, I just find this perfume much too heavy and sweet. I actually have pretty much the same opinion of Angel so I'm not sure why I got a sample of this one. I think I just liked the awesome bottle!
  I don't really recommend this one for most people or for general wear. 
Sorry.  I can only mix metaphors to account for Alien.  Its topnotes (approx 2 hours) are like shrieking microphone feedback.  The drydown (the remaining 2-3 days) is like snorting artificial sweetener. 
Don't do it. Don't ruin your life.

GAH!! :(  This stuff smells like my grandmum's (rest her) notorious 'spring tonic (that had ingredients you were better off not knowing about but was reported to have moonshine and turpentine in it somewhere) with a hefty dose of cinnamon and left-over-from-1969-patchouli thrown in.  If there's Jasmine in there anywhere, I can't smell it.  I've scrubbed my poor wrist half raw, doused it with alcohol and STILL can't get the stench off!  It's bad when something smells so horrid that the dog starts pawing his nose and the horses turn tail and gallop away.  HOW DO I GET THIS GAWD AWfUL STUFF OFF???? 

This starts off with a whiff of watery fruit - not sweet I might add, but a rich and slightly sour pomegranate/plum with a somewhat medicinal spice hovering in the background. Within 15 minutes the fruit dissipated and the spice made a huge and melodramatic entrance. That makes it sound very exciting, doesn't it? Well unfortunately the warm medicinal spice smells like embrocation on me - a smell I do actually enjoy, but I would never consider wearing it deliberately. Too many associations with sprained ankles, sore backs and other injuries. It does have quite a kick - this is not a skin scent and despite giving my wrist a good hard scrub it remained firmly in place several hours later when the ghost of that fruity opening reappeared, this time in rather sickly fashion. The extreme drydown is mentholated patchouli. I don't know if my skin ruined this fragrance or if I just don't like it, so I'll give it a neutral to be diplomatic. *Edit* One night, two showers and several fits of frantic scrubbing and I still smell quite strongly of embrocation. Just when I think it's worn off, I suddenly become redolent of eau de sports-injury all over again. I could get a similar effect by smearing myself in Tiger Balm, plus Tiger Balm is considerably cheaper and genuinely medicinal. To hell with diplomacy, this one's a scrubber.
When I first put this on, I could distinctly smell the pomegranate, and a woody note. It was okay, but very weak, and then it was gone. Many scents don't last long on me, but this one disappears almost immediately.
I sprayed while getting dressed this morning, and at first picked out some fruit and a very soft patchouli. I thought to myself, this one might be a Jo Malone that I actually like. 

Then about 10 min in it started to change. I got a distint impression of Noxema from the 70's. Is that menthol? Camphor? Eucalyptas? Regardless, I took my son to kindergarten today feeling like those around me thought I may have some skin condition I was medicating. 

So now I am about an hour and a half in, and though that medicated smell is still half present, the fruit is kind of starting to peek through. All in all it's not an unpleasant smell, but not one I want to smell like. I have tried a few Jo malone's and as of yet I don't understand the hype or the hefty price tag. 


'Crikey, there's one helluva stench of Ajax or Vim in here' exclaimed my new best friend. And the scales fell from my eyes. Having no wish to smell like someone who cleans their own bath ( even though this is the case), I no longer wear this scent.
I've never been quite sure about Jo Malone fragrances - I can appreciate Lime, Basil & Mandarin whilst not wanting to wear it myself, whilst Red Roses would be a wonderful parfum d'ambience (pity they don't do a candle yet) so I wandered into one of her shops to try a few of the others, PN was recommended by a friend so I started there. The shops themselves are a hedonistic delight; cool clean decor, elegant packaging, and always a lovely scented candle in the background - mmm, maybe that's not such a bright idea when you're trying to choose a fragrance - however PN wasn't bad, so I put a spritz of that on one wrist and another of French Lime Blossom on the other and carried on down Bond St. Half an hour later PN was doing OK, a bit fruity & not as elegant as I had expected from the description but I was willing to give it a B+, probably not for me but I didn't think I would give it a thumbs-down. By the end of the afternoon I was desperate to get back home & have a shower.This is probably the ideal perfume if you need to diet (it certainly put me off my food) or need to keep the rest of the world at bay. The drydown is superb (if you really want to smell like that) but the sour, overripe fruity, sweaty smell was definitely the stuff of dreams - remember some of your dreams?
I envisioned a holiday-type scent, vibrant and sparkling, but all I can get out of this concoction is patchouli (which I abhor) and so this is a scrubber for me as well.  
This was my sister's siganture perfume till I got her Honeysuckle and Jasmine..why ? - because honestly this smells firstly like tart fruit and then later -  sour fruit and sour sweat in a combo . The longevity is quite impressive so eau de fruit-sweat followed my sister everywhere.  Truly dire stuff. 
An overpowering potpourri fragrance. For a short while I actually didnt mind this fragrance, when there were only a few beings wearing it, now I cant go anywhere without my nasal passage being assaulted by this clawing raspberry, pomegranate and pepper scent. This is the kind of 'room scent' I imagine witches would use to camouflage the smell of rotten frogs legs. It gives off hues of auburn and earthy reds in the imagination. This said I imagine the candle form of this fragrance would be lovely during the festive season. If it weren't for the elitist image of Jo Malone this fragrance would die a very quick death, or at least I hope it would. For a well blended pomegranate fragrance try Annick Goutal Quel Amour or Dior's Addict 2.
I feel like an ignoramus from a different planet when I read most of the reviews of this fragrance.  (But as far as I know only the first part is true.)  For me Pomegranate Noir is truly awful!  JM categorises it as a “fruity” fragrance and if I am very quick there is a nondescript fruity smell initially – though not resembling any pomegranate I have ever known.  But that is entirely irrelevant as it is completely overwhelmed by a dreadful, chemical pong sickeningly reminiscent of industrial strength antiseptic.  To make matters worse it’s the type of smell that gets stuck in your nose and feels as if it has bound itself to your nasal mucous.  And it lasts!  And lasts and lasts.  It is still evident after 24 hours and doesn't wash off easily.  I thought that maybe I just didn’t “get it” until my partner complained about the stench and begged me not to wear it again.  I bought it as part of the combining coffret and have tried combining it without success; that overwhelming chemical odour just overpowers everything.  We’re trying it as a toilet spray in our guest loo now at the risk of making out guests gag.  Let’s see what reaction it gets...  Update: What fresh hell is this?!  Someone has sprayed this in the vicinity of the downstairs loo.  It is now 7 hours later and the noxious smell still lingers in a pernicious pall.  That's it: I will have to trash this.  But am not sure how - it must surely constitute a chemical hazard! 

Jo Malone Pomegranate Noir EDCNotes: raspberry, plum, pink pepper, pomegranate, patchouli, frankincense, spicy woods (from jomalone.com)I have smelled pomegranates before--fruit, seed, juice and also oil pressed from the seeds.  None of what I have smelled from real pomegranate smells like Pomegranate Noir.  What I do smell is a very heavy spicy accord of cinnamon, clove, cardamom and cedar wood.  If there is any fruit here, it is completely overwhelmed.  The fragrance is not really dark as in "noir", but it is rather heavy compared to many other Jo Malone fragrances, and it is a bit sickening due to its poorly judged proportion of spice. In other words, PN lacks complexity, deftness and balance.  Despite the heavy spice accord and woody notes, there is no real substance to speak of.  If hamster cages were lined with cinnamon along with the typical cedar shavings, this is what it would smell like.  It is a scrubber.  
Hmm. Was dying to try this as have heard so much raving about it. Disappointingly spicy, cheap and jarring to my nose. Can't see what all the fuss is about, big thumbs down.
I'm not saying it isn't an attractive (though strong) scent, I just can't imagine *wearing* it -- to me, it smells like a very nice, very expensive holiday candle. Or other room scent. With the subtle undertones of Vick Vap-O-Rub. It's just too aggressively fruity and camphor-like for a personal scent; it's like wearing potpourri. And actually, the camphor notes are starting to make me think of cleaning products -- a luxe riff on Pine-Sol or something. Lemon Pledge smells good too, but I wouldn't dab it behind my ear.
Smells like a cross between old pot pourri and wine dregs. Thick, cloying and crude.
I am not joking: This smells exactly like Vicks Vapor rub!!Its really kind of chemical and medicine smelling. I agree that it smells like a hamsters cage cedar chips.I sprayed it on my skin and it smelled like Black pepper.This fragrance should be called "Vicks Vapor Rub-Black Pepper Blossom"

You're a rose, soaked in formaldehyde, preserved in a glass jar. Your jar is left in a dusty, abandoned workshop, and your only visitors are rodents, which seem to drop in whenever they feel the need to mark their territory. Your existence is timeless, sure, but also sour and deservedly forgotten. Rose 31 by Le Labo.
Smells great for a few minutes, then fades.	I purchased a full bottle after reading such hyped reviews and am sorely disappointed. I don't blame it on the house - it is more on me, my skin chemistry doesn't work with it. The smell fades VERY quickly - at best 30 minutes. Smells good while it is there.Pros: Smells like earthy rose.Cons: It doesn't last."
Received a sample of this from luckyscent.com. To me this smelled like pure incense , which is not a smell I like. The woodiness is so dirty to my nose that it smells like my own armpit odor :( This is a harsh smokey incense and barely any rose.

While BN describes this scent as a masculine, many sites say it's unisex, and I wanted to try it just because I love rose notes so much.
Unfortunately, I couldn't detect any rose at all in this frag. Just cumin, cumin, cumin, guaiac wood, vetiver, and cumin. And that was it.
I'm not sure I'd call it a masculine either, though, as it's hard to know what sort of man would want to wear a scent that would make him smell like the kitchen boy at the local Indian restaurant.
Can't imagine anyone being attracted to a guy who wore this, either, unless perhaps a drunken hen party looking for the nearest late-night kebab house. 
Considering it's garnered some good reviews, I can only assume it's been reformulated with much less rose, thanks to IFRA.
On the other hand, if I were on a diet and craving a Rogan Josh, this might help.

At first sniff it seems a spicy Rose, but after you can realise that it's like a special effects.To my nose is a Rose reconstructed with strong cumin and other spices (cardamomo??) and cedarwood.

I like Le Labo's work and i love some perfumes like Patchouli 24, Iris and also Labdanum 18,  but this one have nothing of interesting.
I find this rose to be neither masculine or unisex, it's clearly a feminine fragrance in my book. And it's also not a particularly good one: quite mature and conservative, something to be worn by an aging frowny schoolteacher with her hair pulled in a knot.

there is nothing to smell.very very weak, like a joke.
i am in doubt about designer's talent.

This is a caricature of a rose.    I find it to be loud and unrealistic.
*APRIL 26TH 2010*
This is, by far, my favorite rose scent.  

It's very different from other roses I've tried (Czech & Speake 88, Montale Black Oud, Ungaro III, Voleur De Roses, Domenico Caraceni 1913). 

They're all either very sweet, or have an underlying mold, or dirt like scent to them. This a is dry, some what lemony, peppery rose. 

Very unique scent, with great projection and sillage (8+ hours easily on me). 


*MARCH 8TH 2019*
Back 9 years later heart broken by what this fragrance has become.

If you remember what this fragrance was like from 2006-2015 (a spicy, musky rose masterpiece) then do not buy the current formulation.  

Extremely watered down with performance next to nothing. It's a pathetic shell of what was one of the best fragrances I've ever smelled.
Le Labo Rose 31Notes: Grasse rose, cumin, pepper, clove, nutmeg, olibanum, cedar, amber, gaiac wood, oud, cistus, vetiver and animalic notes (from luckyscent.com)Rose 31 smells of rose for a split second after spraying, and then descends almost immediately into a weird smoky floral note that is basically like burning plastic. I am not sure I can get past the petrochemical resin effect, but when I try, I do smell some fresh rose, tar, cumin, woods and a bitter powder note. More than an hour after application, the plastic accord settles down a bit, although there is still a tarry edge that is headache inducing. The rose is more apparent at this point, though, and overall R31 seems a tad more balanced than at the start. However, the smoky woody notes mostly mask the rose rather than supporting it or forming a synergistic blend. The deep drydown is actually quite nice--a leathery rose with the smoke, incense and woods persisting, but much more attenuated. To bad it took so long to get here. For the most part, it is almost as if the rose is an afterthought, added to take the campfire edge off. Or, perhaps somebody slipped up and put ten times the prescribed amount of synthetic oud into the vat. Apologies to fans of this fragrance, but I really don't see what all the fuss is about. I find it nearly unwearable for the first four to five hours.

2 sprays and you will be transported back in time to your early teens, you know, the insecure glory days. 

Hanging out at the donut shop, sporting tight trousers and applying half a can of Axe body spray with an itchy trigger finger. Good times. 

0 stars. 
I acquired a bottle of this under batch code# SA422 and I must say I'm not impressed with Eros by Versace.

I get an opening slightly fresh of mint then it's coated over by a lot of vanilla. I get green apple, cedar, and little ambroxan in the blend. Occasionally the mint peeping through the vanilla body of this fragrance.

I get about 8 hours of light projection with this fragrance so it's no performance beast. Eros to me scent wise isn't unpleasant...but it's a rip off at cost. It's an office and casual wear fragrance. This fragrance has a lot in common with the Penguin/Musingwear apple based fragrances that were designed before Eros and are about $20.




Tried it in a store after seeing it being hyped by youtubers recently. 

It's a good aquatic but in a way it's sort of like a glorified Axe/Lynx product. You know, the blue/marine/aquatic ones like Marine, Apollo and Click. Eros is a lot like the shower gels of aforementioned. Which is not a bad scent and back in my teens I always thought Axe's shower gels actually smell better than their body spray counterparts. 

That's what Versace Eros is to me, a very good aquatic shower gel scent (although done more naturally) with the longevity of an EdT. Would have loved this as a youngster in the late 90's but it smells dated now. 

Need to mention this one's stingy on the Ambroxan to me, keeping it from entering that Sauvage and Invictus vibe that's currently marketed as being the best and most modern way to smell. 

Minty and aquatic, barely perceivable leather. Coumarin and geraniol like Axe/lynx only not as much of it.

Boy oh boy where do I start. So I was interested in Versace, because of all of the positive reviews, just like Bleu. Big mistake. 
Eros, is very sharp and harsh and syntheticly sweet. It gives me a headache, and it is just too much. 
Unless you are in a club, where pretty much ANYTHING smells good, this is not pleasant. 
There is Strong lemon and some VERY synthetic smell underneath that is headache inducng. Thank God I just bought samples, I will be happy to give them away to guys I know that go clubbing. 
I will start this off by saying that vanilla is not one of my favorite notes, however, I like it in certain situations (JPG Le Male, for instance). This is nothing but uber sweet synthetic vanilla and mint. If you like super super sweet scents, you will like this. I'm not sure I understand the hype around this, though. It seems like it attempts to do what Le Male does, but it doesn't quite achieve that euphoric mix. I've tried wearing this several times and it's super cloying. I can't imagine this working in the super hot humid southern US summers. Like I said, if you enjoy sweet vanilla you will probably like this, but I would definitely recommend trying it before you buy it. 

I made the mistake of spraying this on myself while browsing through Macey's. Ugh...I had to continue walking through the mall with my wife while the stench of this stuff clung to me like a bad nightmare. I got nauseated within about 40 minutes and by the time we left the mall, I was almost ready to beg for someone to turn a fire hose on me. It is far too strong and cloying in a very bad way. The only positive is that the bottle looks very cool. Eros means romantic love, but the name of this scent to me would have to be "Miso", which of course would be Greek for "hate". Big thumbs down...
Not very creative! but I appreciated that in the sample I received there was the olfactive pyramid explained and the olfactive family quoted. A good way to inform and disseminate the culture of perfumes. 
WAY TOO STRONG!
This can be used a clubbing scent in the same spirit as 1 Million, Le Male.
I cannot imagine a mature male using this in an office environment or at church as it would be too cloying.

It's not a BAD smell; it's just overwhelming and ever-present (like Axe).
Maybe it will burn itself out in a year.

I can imagine those under 26 or over 65 wearing this to "make the scene" in a club as they unnecessarily yell into your ear "CAN YOU SMELL MY COLOGNE?".

10 minutes after spraying this on, it wasn't hard to determine Eros' target market....15 to 20 yr olds, looking for attention.   This mess will compete with the worst of scents in any tight room.   If that's your need, knock yourself out...  

Truly awful stuff.
Eros is another uninspiring release from the house of Versace. It opens up with citrus-fruity accord and smells good for the first few minutes. But then the tonka bean, vanilla and other notes set in, leading to a gourmandish mess. It is in the same ballpark as modern clubbing fragrances such as Le Male and 1 Million. In this particular olfactory niche the bar for being a decent composition is rather low, but this one still misses the mark. 

The bottle looks good, the cap outright tacky. 
Welcome to the factory of vanilla powder. Pure trash. 
I've tried this one from a sample for the last week, on and off. It's exactly what you'd expect from a mass market brand - utterly bland, designed to be characterless so as to offend as few people as possible and thereby to appeal to the widest market. It's "nice", up to a point, but it's also instantly forgettable. It doesn't create a mood or enhance one's spirit, it doesn't intrigue or elevate. It just sits there being polite.

Give me something with distinction any day.

1/10
Don't like it. It kind of gives me a headache. 
The usual tiresome, sweet, fruity, synthetic, charmless, obnoxious, loud dreck.
The bottle is a masterpiece, but it goes downhill from there.

I was expecting a quality masculine aquatic but this is sweet, sickly perfume in the style of 1 Million. Avoid if you are over 18.
To be fair, Eros isn't as bad as I expected.  I assumed from the blue bottle that it would be just another "bleu" Windex aquatic.  Don't get me wrong - it IS a Windex aquatic, but the harsh chemical smell is tempered with mint and lavender and paired up with a sour-milk caramelized marshmallow smell instead of the ubiquitous grape drank or fake citrus that scents like this usually use.

That being said, I haven't really liked Eros.  It's REALLY obvious that this was some marketing team's attempt to make something that smells like One Million and, even if it were more unique, I just don't like that sharp Windex chemical smell, and I dislike it even more when awkwardly paired with Angel-esque super-sweet notes.  Oh well, more for the youngsters...

As a guy, I was curious to check this one out, being a fan of several of the men's scents from Prada.

The opening showed promise, with the characteristic camphor-like benzoin note and interesting caramel rich and sweet note.  It smelled like a decent, balanced oriental lady perfume that I'd not recoil from.  But...

The musk in the drydown has the smell of, well, slight lady's body odor.  It didn't come across as pleasant, but more so animalic in a somewhat undignified, unwashed way.  Too bad: At least from my pov, the musk could have been dialed back more, and the other elements could have stood out better.

Granted, my experience is purely from a male perception, coming from a sample vial sprayed on my hand. Take it for what it's worth.
   If you wish to smell like dusty caramel this might be your treat, but I just can't get behind this simpering sweet-toothed creation. As with many foody scents it overstays its welcome, so points for longevity, at least.
I received fragrance sampler kits from Sephora for Christmas.  I wasn't impressed with any of the included samples.  I was hoping Prada Candy would be a warmer, richer, more mature gourmand.  Instead, it is extremely sweet and dries to a burnt caramel finish.  This might be okay for a teenager, but I wouldn't recommend it for adults.

"I will return to Paris tomorrow evening. Don't wash," wrote Napolean to Josephine.

This fragrance is what she smelled like...
It starts as one of my worst nightmares: a flare of flowers, especially jasmine and  orange blossom the way I hate them (I can't exactly explain how it is  but I could recognize it everywhere: sharp, oily, dirty in an uninteresting way,sickly sweet...).
I barely keep myself from scrubbing the fragrance from my arm when something familiar for me emerges and...it's Dyptique Ofresia I'm smelling!! The same peppery and wet, transparent woody notes that I loved so much for a couple of years, long ago, before breaking a half full bottle on the bathroom floor and beginning to loathe it. This one doesn't even need spilling: the base notes, annoyingly long lasting, soon turn chemical and soapy, rendering the fragrance quite nasty for me.

Heavy, cloying, strong, overly sweet oriental. Headache-inducing for me, had to scrub this.
Not a fan. Starts off very strong, has a synthetic weird smell like an old fashion hair product---maybe dipity-do! 
I got the EDT after reading these reviews, and simillar ones elsewhere. As i luuuw musky scents, i had high hopes for this one. But, there was only this high pitch synthetic note taking over the whole show. No musk at all. I dont know what that dominating note is, as im a perfume novice. But my OH my, it got the power!!! After four scrubs under the sink and two showers, its was finally gone. This makes me wonder; how come my fav perfumes doesnt stay on my skin that long?
I had great hopes for this(edp) for the first 5 minutes.Each time I tried it, the opening was an interesting play of floral notes---then a sour note reared up and dominated all for the next eon. Icky orange flower?? So I scrubbed it.  
I tried to like this one, the bottle is pretty, and I heard it was like Lovely, which I also wanted to like.But they smell overwhelmingly strong to me, like bugspray.  I don't know which component is giving that bitter smell, I feel there are other notes that are nice, but I had to return it to the store.  Glad Sephoragave me my money back.

Since no one has given a list of notes for this, I will do so, per Sephora:  Honey Flower, Solar Musk, Orange Blossom, Osmanthus, Amberlyn, Vanilla, Tactile Musk, Tactile Woods, Vetiver.     Regrettably, I am in the minority who feels sickened by the smell of this perfume.   So I can’t recommend it.   
Not my cup of tea. It smells like grape hyacinths (Muscari) + a big brioche (yeast!). It is not sexy at all, it's "yeasty". 
Don't like this one at all, it literally makes me sick to my stomach
I agree with with several of the oppinions posted above -  when I have this on, the smell of it on my skin makes me ill. I love florals, so I can't imagine it is the jasmine...there's something about the notes in the dry down that really don't agree with me. Just muskiness, but not in a good way. That said, I've smelled it on others and it was lovely. 
I was very disappointed in this.  It contains many of my favorite notes, but as soon as I put it on - I regretted it.  I tried to be a sport and give it a chance, but I ended up running to the sink to wash it off.  It made me sick almost immediately.  Not to mention it turned kind of "old lady perfume" on me.  I'm really sad that this didn't work on me.

After all these years, I can say with full confidence that I just don't like Le Mâle.  It feels good to finally get that off my chest...

I think almost everyone knows what this smells like by now, but if you don't, it's basically a lavendor/tonka fougere, sweetened with vanilla, cinnamon, and coumarin, kind of soapy and powdery, but kept from turning into a gourmand by a mix of exhaust-fume terpines, bleach, plasticky diaper musk, and smegma.

It actually kind of reminds me of Shalimar, but if Shalimar were reimagined by a punky gay weirdo who thought it would be funny to get unsuspecting people to wear a classic musk perfume that uses bleachy dried up sperm instead of musk.  As such, I get the joke, and I acknowledge the artistry, and the wink-and-nod to history, and the iconoclasm.  But I still think this smells nasty.
Synthetic at its best. Powdery synthetic scent. I dont get anything in it, it's too lame to separate the notes. I only get some "artificial" lavender. Hmmm...


Does nobody else get shaving foam, herbs and mustiness?

**/*
I've bought 125 ml for 40 €
I'm not an expert on reformulations. 
The scent is classy and great. I've owned dupes of this fragrance. 
Le male in its current state is not worth the money. Sillage is poor and the dry down is not that great. 
Kindlooks for 5 dollars is better and the sillage is far better than JPG LE MALE. 
I don't like to ramble on about reformulation's but this one is totally spoiled now ..it's dry and has lost all of its opulence and density..highly synthetic and basically its not been treasured or treated with any respect by the company that currently formulate it. I gave it away to my 14 year old nephew ..he likes it so at least it wasn't a complete waste of money.
The original JPG Le Male from the 90s was a masterpiece & had tremendous performance! Le Male has since been reformulated & most retailers are selling the reformulation. The reformulated version of Le Male does not smell or perform nearly as good as the original. It is not powdery, nor is it a powerhouse! I find it woodier in the dry-down. The vintage is a much darker juice/better formulation. A reformulated bottle will last 5 hours at most on my skin & project for the first hour. It is a shame that the house destroyed a beautiful fragrance. Not worth it - only buy if you can find the vintage juice!
I happened to be living in London when this was launched and was running into Harrod's on an errand when, right inside the door, a woman with a spritzer grabbed my arm and asked if I wanted to try this new scent.  Before I could answer, I was given a dose and I quickly moved on.  Before I was twenty steps into the store I knew that something was wrong.  Very wrong. What she sprayed on me was so vile, so gross, that I went straight to the men's room to wash it off.  It was on me ten minutes or so and I sniffed at it the whole time, wondering what was so "off" about this scent.  I was probably wearing Bel Ami at the time, so strong scents were no problem.  I also love Caron PuH and Ungaro II, and the vanilla lavender combo is a favorite, so what was so wrong?  To me it smelled overly strong, overly sweet and oddly bestial--and not in a good way (and as I mentioned, I like the civet in Ungaro II!).  Very similar to my reaction to Kouros, even though they are very different fragrances.  Even after a scrub in the gent's I emanated its evil odor for the rest of the day and felt like I needed to apologize to strangers who drifted into my wake.  Oddly enough, I have smelled it on other men since where it smelled just fine--actually tame and minty-fresh barbershop-like.  I might even like it now that it has been reformulated but I can never forget the visceral reaction that I had on first trying it. 

Genre: Woody Oriental

This dull, aging, straight-laced, (if socially progressive,) straight guy grants kudos to the house of Jean Paul Gaultier for openly courting the gay male market well before it was politically correct to do so – back in those benighted times when “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” actually looked like a step forward. Insofar as the packaging and winking sailor boy from The Village People ad campaign were unambiguously and unashamedly targeted – not to mention decades in advance of Etat Libre d’Orange – I say good for Gaultier. I only wish they’d given the guys a better scent.

I have no idea what perfume critic Tania Sanchez was sniffing when she described Le Mâle as a “light, soapy lavender scent,” but to me the contents of the bottle with the bulging crotch rank among the loudest, crudest entries in the sugared 1990s tidal wave that included A*Men, Pi, Rochas Man, Lolita Lempicka au Masaculin and Joop! Homme. I find this especially remarkable given that it’s purported to be the work of Francis Kurkdjian , him of Enlévement au Sérail, Acqua di Parma Iris Nobile, L’Eau Noire, and Ma Dame. The composition smells very simple, and all I get out of it besides Ms. Sanchez’s lavender is powdery vanilla, amber, and a monstrously amplified note of ethylmaltol. This last is the same diabolically shrill, sweet aromachemical that lends the original Angel its syrupy consistency.

The development, if I may deign to call it that, is strictly linear, and the cloying sweet central accord persists at the olfactory equivalent of deafening volume for hour upon hour – which I count as no good thing, given how unpleasant I find Le Mâle. Contrary to some others, I actually find Kurkjian’s recent floral variation, Fleur du Mâle, far more wearable and interesting.

A classic scent destroyed by reformulationJean Paul Gaultier's Le Male was a masterpiece of simplicity and design. Some people thought it was a victim of its own success but popularity was never due to hype or marketing, rather it was down to one simple and fundamental truth (often forgotten in fragrance world), Le Male just smelled so bloody wonderful. Le Male was never a complex scent, just a perfectly balance of duality - its intense vanilla dry down tempered beautifully by mint and a hint of lavender. It was also renowned for its projection and longevity across the board, something rare with so many different and subjective reactions to fragrances. So it's with a heavy heart that I inform the reader that Le Male has, most likely, been reformulated as a shadow of its former self. I've purchased 5 bottles over the past six months, all from reputable sources and they have all inspired contempt and frustration. The new formulation has dropped the heavy vanilla dry down in favor of something more subtle. It's not unpleasant but it's far less sweet than the original formulation and seems a little more powdery. It has also become far less potent. In fact, I'd go so far to say that its projection is weak. It stays so close to the skin as to become none existent. Longevity remains decent - around 6-7 hours, less than its earlier incarnation - but because the projection is so slight and the scent so bland, longevity becomes mostly irrelevant. I don't think that there has been any official word from Jean Paul Gaultier but the forums are abuzz with speculation. I remained objective in my assessment - negative experiences with scents often comes down to fake bottles or stale perfumes - but I feel confident that I've given enough time, and enough money (!), to confirm my judgement. In conclusion, be wary when purchasing Le Male. I suggest hunting down older bottles, if you know what to look for (it's been suggested that the older formulations have darker stripes on the bottles). Otherwise, lower your expectations of this once beautiful creation and mourn the defiling of a classic male fragrance.Pros: Retains hints of its older versionCons: Weak projection, weak longevity, lack of vanilla intensity"

Sweet scent at first sight but too much for my taste. It becomes invasive and unpleasant.
With all the amazing reviews I read about this, i just HAD to try it.  I WANTED to like it... but alas, it was not for me.  
When sprayed on the test strip of paper, it was very forgettable, with an undertone i wasn't sure of.  Surely that was just something subtle on thetop notes that would wear off eventually.  So I tried it on my skin.
For 45 minutes all I got was babypowder that had something subtle trying to come out.  Eventually the hidden note came out:  Vanilla.
If vanilla and babypowder are notes you enjoy, then this is the frag for you.  Sadly, I didn't feel that it lived up to the expectations made by all the reviews.  IMHO.
Le male contains some of my favourite notes and I was eager to try it.  I really liked this fragrance on the blotter.  Then, I sprayed some on my wrist.  Big mistake!  After 20 minutes, I smelled like I spilled a bottle of Musk for Men by Jovan (a horrible cheap drugstore fragrance that was all too popular back in the 70's).  For months, my mouse pad reeked of white musk. Oddly enough, musk is not mentioned in Le male's olfactory pyramid.  I wonder what it is that reacts so bad on my skin.

Maybe Le male is a great fragrance on some men but on me, it is utterly revolting.  Headache in a bottle, unfortunately.
so sweet it mekes me sick, are you sure this was intented for males to use it?
I keep trying this one and it's just as nasty as the last time I tried it on.  Smells like a syntheticly sweet plastic.  An assault on the senses.
THIS SCENT LASTS FOREVER AND A DAY! I had a spray in a shop and the initial very alcoholly blast put me off a little. After about 20 minutes it blends into a spicy vanilla scent. I personally struggled smelling any lavender or mint but there you go. I really don't see what the big fuss is with this fragrance. However, the sillage/projection/longevity cannot be faultered.

There’s a blatant dirty note in this - I’m surprised it’s not mentioned more.  The first time I tested this on skin, I even went to my kitchen spice rack in the hopes I could identify this almost-but-not-quite sweaty smell.  No dice - thyme smells totally different.  I’m not able to discern any raspberry (or any other fruity note), no jasmine, either.  As it dries down, it becomes very petrochemical and finally I get a clear peek at the leather.  The black leather is hard, nothing soft or suede-like (I ride a Harley, and my black leather reference is the smell of my riding chaps).  The gasoline smell eventually slides away to leave leather standing alone.  I’ve tried this several times now and the conclusion I’ve arrived at is the drydown (just ok, not great) isn’t worth what I have to endure to get there.
This is a very dry leather. As if you're smelling a totally dried up tan leather hide at a manufacturer's place. If there's even raspberry present in the opening, it's a very papery one and almost not present at all. Also, it's as if the stem of the plant has been scraped too. 

After the opening the spicyness is, well, awful. A harsh thyme, making it lean towards the scent of a kitchen spices cupboard. My best description atttempt: a concoction of thyme, cloves and sharp incense.

If only that leathery opening just remained as is. I would have rated it neutral. More raspberry and with the spice mess out of it, I would've rated it positive even. Where Tuscan leather goes however after the opening is just.. bad, for a lack of better words. Oh and then there's the price...
Not unpleasant just joyless; a monotone ashtray experience. 
Made the mistake of putting this on my skin.  Leatherman leather scent mixed with Estee Lauder Beautiful.  Don't get me wrong, Beautiful is a good aldahydic floralish, but putting cheap leather over the top is worse than me putting Li over "the leather scent" (try it, you'll like it).  For what you are charging for Estee Lauder crap - you should be ashamed.  I mean you really cute and alll..wait, no, you should be ashamed.  Also, leather was gone in less than 15 minutes.  Seriously?  Just use a little more of the fetish shop oil.  That shit lasts all day.
This is a complete joke. If want to smell like leather buy Rasasi La Yuqawam which is more subtle and fresh (as much as any leather can be) and is almost a delight.
If you want to be ripped off with a lower quality fragrance then Tom Ford it is but rest assured no one who smells it will know. Maybe you want to feel you smell like the inside of a Veyron? After all art should be for you not the beholder. In this case Tom Ford's bank account.

Fragrance: 2/5
Projection: 3/5
Longevity: 3/5
Disappointing from Tom Ford, especially with the price tag. I don't consider it as unisex, definitely masculine, but it is way behind Noble Leather and Leather Oud. The smell is much raw and dirtier and resembles my mate's 2007 Vauxhall Astra, or maybe dirty football socks. There are much better leather fragrances available for the same price or less.

I'm having a very love / hate relationship with TL right now...

It was recommended to me by a fellow Basenote'er who said that it wasn't a particularly attractive fragrance, but that it had an "aura" about ti that made it impossible to stop sniffing. After giving it a try myself, I think he's exactly right. It does have a strange aura to it that makes it oddly attractive, but downright repulsive at the same time. 

The opening is just lovely, and I agree with what others have said about the leather note being the finest quality cleanest leather they've ever smelled... it is. The only problem is that this lasts-- at least on my skin--  for about 30 second-- literally. 

From 30 seconds after the first spray, the lovely leather is gone, and I do mean gone. TL very, VERY quickly transforms into a pungent ashtray smell that dominates absolutely everything else and hangs around for hours before the real dry down commences and it turns into something more manageable. The ashtray phase still carries that indescribably attractive aura around it, but it's such a hit or miss kind of scent that depends not only on your mood at the time, but also on who's around when you're wearing it. 

There are days that it smells incredible, rugged, ultra masculine, and kind of sexy. Then there are other days where it makes me near-nauseas and paranoid that everyone around me thinks I smell like, well, a dirty, wet ashtray. 

The only way I can describe this aura is that the fragrance as a whole smells like a man's man who went to work smelling amazing in a crisp suit, but then had a really REALLY bad day and wound up on a bender in a dark, dank, smoke filled bar... kind of like Don Draper in the 4th season of Mad Men. The 30-second opening smells exactly like you want this to smell-- the guy at the beginning of his day-- but the middle ashtray phase makes me smell like something that I'm not sure I want to smell like, and that I'm not sure anyone around me wants to smell either. I don't think I've ever heard anyone say, "Wow, that ashtray on the bar smells incredible!"

If the opening stuck around longer, or at least meshed better with the ashtray, this would be a surefire purchase, But with the ashtray phase dominating the scent for so long, I have no idea where I could wear this without being worried that I'm turning everyone around me off in very a big way. 

I even tried layering this with Oud Wood and Tobacco Vanille to take the bite out of that ashtray phase, but no luck. The ashtray overpowers everything, even the beast Tobacco Vanille. 
As an avid equestrienne, I had VERY high hopes for this fragrance. I imagined it would transport me to the tack rooms of my youth and more recent years. Instead, it left a retched stench on my hand that made me wish I could take a second shower. 

Usually, I can deal with a scent I dislike, but this one turns my stomach. I am neurotic about high quality leather. The saddles I have purchased over the years could have been a VERY nice down payment on a very nice home. I have owned Italian leather boots, custom made for my foot and legs. I have owned Italian saddles. I have owned French saddles. What I am trying to impress upon the reader is this: I know leather and I know it WELL. This scent is NOT leather. I do not know what it is, but it is not properly tanned, high-quality, desirable leather. 

This, it will not make the shelf.
Dominant raspberry and slightly smokey leather that dries down so sweet that it hurts. 
I’m a leather freak.

With that said, this is easily the most overrated scent of all time. To be brutally honest, this fragrance smells like an uncultured teenage girl who doused herself in a $5 bottle of Body Fantasies Body Spray (raspberry of course) and then went outside and smoked a cigarette. No joke—that is exactly what this smells like. Truly, this fragrance is a monstrosity. I was scrubbing my arms after an hour, and yet it lingered—wouldn’t leave. 

My girlfriend smelled it (who is not into fragrances, but can pick out notes like nobody I know) and she immediately smelled ashtray and turned away in repulsion, which corresponded with my own impression. I asked several other people and they all thought it was nasty/cheap smelling. The sickly sweet raspberry note smells cheap and kitschy. There is no refined leather here. I honestly question the taste of people who like this fragrance. I think there might be a little brand loyalty at play here. Sorry, but it’s true. 

I always look for the redeeming qualities in a fragrance. I have smelled masterpieces that I would personally never wear. I’ve never reacted this negatively to a perfume. However, there are no redeeming qualities in this fragrance. The price is the cherry on top—laughable. 

Two massive thumbs down! AVOID!!!

I must say I am a bit disappointed with Tuscan Leather. Its just too over-powering, last time I wore it my respiratory system didn't appreciate it. I can only do a single dab or drop and even still its too strong. Just not worth the burden, plus it doesn't smell all that great IMO. 

I really don't like this fragrance. I can't say it doesn't smell like leather because it smells so much like leather that I feel like I'm trapped inside a cow. I can see why some people really love this, but for me it's waaaaay too strong, too much. The thing is, I really do like leather as a note, blended in with some spice or florals, but I would honestly believe that Tuscan Leather was some kind of chemical that dissolves rust if somebody told me it was. Anyway, there's a lotta love for this one out there, but it ain't for me.
The worst tom ford private blend (and this is coming from a Tom Ford fanboy!)

I had a decant of this stuff from the perfumed court (smallest size vial) and I accidentally spilled one drop -- the box I have it in STILL to this day, two years later, smells like tuscan leather -- the ENTIRE box, with all my other decants and samples in it that I'm sure I've spilled as well -- are all overpowered by the one drop of tuscan leather spilled two years ago.

It's awful.  I would go as far as calling it raunchy; like a cheap leather bargain coat store in an outlet mall that just stays around until the end of the world, and will NOT go away.
Cockroaches will be smelling tuscan leather after nuclear winter.

If you want to smell like a 20$ leather jacket or a shoe repair shop, and leave a trail of stinkyness everywhere you go; tuscan leather is for you.

It actually reminds me of the time one of my co-workers accidentally spilled gasoline on his shoe when he was filling up before work and then came into the office and stunk the place up; that's how bad tuscan leather is.  It's gasoline like pungent; without a doubt the strongest scent I have ever sniffed, which unfortunately, is not a good thing.  Stronger than an Amouage Attar, stronger than Black Afgano -- tuscan leather overpowers anything.

A thoroughly cheap-smelling synthetic vanilla mixed with some smokiness; it's both bland and off-putting. 

I'm inclined to be especially harsh here because of the absurd and disgraceful pricing. This is transparently cheap, nasty stuff being sold at entry-level niche pricing.
Just another cheap little vanilla.  It's that dumb marshmallow frosting vanilla, with isobutavan added for a hint of nuts and creme soda, and a touch of boozy immortelle that's trying its best to class things up but fails.

Right now, in any town in America, you could go to Ross or TJ Maxx and find a candle or a room spray that smells like this for less than $5.  This is the dictionary definition of what "cheap" smells like.

Wow. As someone who loves and wears a wide variety of leather fragrances, I have to say that I am gobsmacked by the stellar reviews this one is receiving. To me, this smells like a highly, stridently-synthetic and sharply-ambered version of Cuir Ottoman (on a REALLY bad day). Cold, bitterly pungent, plastic-y, and artificially harsh are some of the descriptors that come to mind when I spray this on. I find nothing redeeming in this fragrance and I'm sad to think this is how modern noses interpret the glorious and (normally) varied smell of "leather."

Its so sweet and so loud.  It is pleasing to many people, sure.  I could never own a bottle that looks like this.  Just terrible. 
Extremely synthetic smelling and cloyingly sweet - Nothing masculine about this at all! This is to men's fragrance what Justin Bieber is to music - saccharine sweet with absolutely no soul - just mainstream appeal.
It's clear they're trying to appeal to a younger audience who may not remember any of the classic masculine scents, but as a man, I just would never want to smell like this. Thumbs down...
The first time my husband wore this I asked him why he reeked of Right Guard.  Instead of getting annoyed with me, he said, 'yeah, that's what it is, isn't it?'
Too sweet, not enough "cologne" smell if that makes sense. Ended up scrubbing but willing to give it another sample at some point. 
I saw the red flags in other's reviews, I was warned:
It is sweeter than Jean Paul Gaultier Le Male, (which I found abhorrent).
Smells like Fan di Fendi, (which is utterly disgusting).
Azzaro Night pour Homme, Mont Blanc Legend Intense and Axe deodorants were also major references.
I have great reverence for Paco Rabanne pour Homme, which with Nina Ricci Signoricci, were champions on my first steps into the world of Masculine fragrances.
I couldn't believe Paco Rabanne put its name and reputation in such offensive reeky juice, packaged in a tacky golden bottle, is it marketing strategy? Which demographics are they targeting?
I'm an old timer, but I accompanied the generational changes in perfumery and found value in modern fragrances, like Abercrombie and Fitch Fierce, Prada Luna Rossa, even David Beckham pour homme, (which is amazing and affordable).
What makes reputable houses like Dior creating monstrosities like Sauvage, or Paco Rabanne denigrating themselves with 1 Million and the super tacky Invictus? Are they killing artistry in the name of easy young money?… and worse, there are so many copycats delivering the same toxic fumes in expensive bottles.
Do I recommend 1 Million? No.
My advice: Please don't.

The appeal:
Ladies love it! Women go crazy… 
I can't understand why?. (well, women are not to be understood, just appreciated)

Which type of guy wear this fragrance?
I can see clearly 2 distinct gentlemen wearing it: 
Martin Shkreli (pharma-bro)
Kylo Ren (no introduction is needed).

Nuff said!


Uggg,,,just ugg. I know that a lot of people like this one but I cant, and I've tried. I mean why would i want to hate on a cologne i paid over $100 for, feal i've wasted my money. To me it literally smells like an old ladies perfume from the 80's. Harsh synthecic fruity rose,,,just way to strong and last way to long.Thats the only plus I can give it is it's staying power thats it... I know sent is very subjective but I can't imagine why any man would like this one...a woman yes but not a man...an older woman at that its perfect for them.
For me a huge disappointment ... My girlfriend wears the female version and accidentally bought it for herself... Once it was opened she could not return it so it became mine.
The smell is nothing special in my opinion as it reminds me of very old sweet smells of the eighties. For me it smells like Dunhill edition (not as sweet) and does not last at all. (it was bought in a pharmacy so no fake but maybe old stock)
In a British article it was one of the men's perfumes "which drives women crazy"!! 
Ladies are you sure? 
Drives you crazy?
Maybe literally...
Sorry not for me 3/10

Sampled, then bought. One of those "seemed like a good idea at the time" frags. Then after wearing for a while, the scent just reminded me of an a**hole in a nightclub. You know, like that guy on the package. Or the guy who is grinding on your girl while smiling at you. If that's what Paco was going for, mission accomplished.
So kiss a little longer
Stay close a little longer
Pull tight a little longer
longer with 1 Million!

That 1 Million freshness lasts right through it.
Your fresh breath goes on and on 
while you chew it!

Say goodbye a little longer
make it last a little longer
Give your breath long-lasting freshness 
with 1 Million!
No...

Lately, I've been watching quite a few YouTube fragrance reviews...many mention this as a scent that gets many many compliments from the ladies.  Wow...I think they should maybe clarify just who these ladies are.  

So I saw it on the shelf of the fragrance store I was in and I gave it a go.  It is just too synthetic for me. And cloying.  And Sweet.  It doesn't smell masculine to me at all.  (I'm just turning 50 so maybe there is that...)

Perhaps good for a high school kid but I had to scrub this off my hand as soon as I got home from the store...


BLUF: Highly synthetic, sweet, potent, busy, cloying.  Not a fan.

On my skin One Million is something akin to cinnamon, candy, cheap leather, and even cheaper amber.  It really does smell like some sort of over-seasoned, overcooked bubblegum that preteens stick under desks or on school bus seats.  So much going on that I have a difficult time picking out individual notes.

I don’t hate it, but it’s not something that appeals to my senses at this point.  It was also one of the difficult scents to remove from my skin that I’ve come across.  Pass.


Awful.  Smells like cotton candy mixed with fruity pebbles.  Loud, sickly sweet, synthetic.
Bubblegum, Bubblegum, Bubblegum.....
mixed with cough syrup, honey, spices & leather

Its good, but eventually it gets cloying.

Excellent projection & longevity

5/10


For the love of all that is holy PLEASE STOP WEARING THIS! 

When this first hit the shelves I thought it was fine. Candy-sweet bubblegum, cinnamon, woods. Pleasant. 

But now I swear I can't be in a public space without smelling this EVERYWHERE. Not a light, pleasant whiff either, it completely takes over the room and makes me nauseous. 

It has become Axe 2.0 in my region, it's what every high school boy sprays on too much of. Even if that weren't the case, this fragrance is too strong and cloying. 

If you don't want to come off as a completely unoriginal, inconsiderate loudmouth then please - PLEASE - look elsewhere. 
A huge commercial success due to innovative advertissements. Paco Rabanne have been becoming a great business man. 

One million is patchouli bomb rather synthetic too sweet and powderdy to my nose. I understand its success among young people who want to feel rich and popular. But I don't like it. Dissmissed!

Not good 5/10
Revolting. I have tried this twice.

Straight to the bathroom to wipe it off both times. I just don't understand how anyone could stand that smell. 
One of the most powerfully synthetic openings of any fragrance I have ever sampled.  Synthetic is the main play here as nothing smells natural in 1Million.   I live in Florida and I can only imagine how cloying the phony soapy floral notes would get on a hot summer day.   No reason I would ever want to wear this.   It als took forever to scrub off, which only confirms how chemical the composition is.
overpowering weird sweetness.It makes me want to throw up.
One positive that becomes negative that you can't even scrub it off.Not for me.
Was this the scent that launched a million young jocks? Is this what ‘fresh, spicy, leathers’ have come to?
The overriding impression of this car crash is ‘Look at me, I can scream louder, I got the bling and I think grabbing my crotch in public is the height of dudeness.’ A trying-too-hard dancefloor pretender. That isn’t a police siren tearing up the music, that’s someone doused in 1 Million coming through. 
Starts with a polite (but seen in 1 million other ‘masculines’) array of airbrushed fougere notes, a bit minty, but mostly vaguely herbal-spicy. However, these are soon overwhelmed by a post-Aventus sweet frooty gloop with lingering edges of disinfectant and urinal cake that has somehow in this curious age come to typify the smell of a lad about town on a Saturday night looking for a leg over. It blares when it could just be. Dies back to a nondescript sweetness that lingers. 

I really don't see what all the fuss is about with Paco Rabanne's 1 million; it LITERALLY smells like a woman's perfume. I have received a sample of it in my Sephora's sample kit FOR MEN and I am starting to wonder if they gave my the woman's sample because this is a scent I wouldn't mind smelling on a female. It is VERY Floral with some hints of sweet; if you want to smell like a flower for some weird reason then this is the scent to use!!!
This smells straight up like a women's fragrance. Too sweet, too floral, too fruity. 
Extremely unnatural, overbearing, overused and worn by the wrong people.

Don't let all the good reviews here fool you, quality-wise this is a horrific scent, synthetic and cheap - should be called "1" instead of "1 Million". Believe me, women above sixteen DO NOT LIKE it. Period. 

I can't see how anyone into fragrances would appreciate this garbage. Absolutely terrible!
Ok, so I used to love this scent. I even almost used up a whole bottle. As time has gone on i've hated this scent more and more. Now I just find this scent very irritating and sickly sweet. The smells enough to give you a headache! Also another reason why I probably began to dislike it is that everybody is wearing it. I will give you an example.. in my college class on the same day, 3 of the classmates were wearing it. Its too common and in my opinion it's getting old. It's no doubt good for clubbing cause everyone can smell you and it projects but as so many people are wearing it now, it's becoming a joke. Now I always am hearing comparisons with 1 million smelling like Spicebomb and maybe it's the cinnamon note but i don't think Spicebomb smells much like 1 million. I actually like Spicebomb and would prefer that over 1 million any day.
Genre: Woody Oriental

1 Million actually starts out a lot nicer than the mostly indifferent reviews had led me to believe, with perky grapefruit and orange rind top notes. The composition is soon filled out and enlivened by a sweet, creamy synthetic wood accord that’s suggestive of coco butter. So long as it remains in the background, the coconut cream is pleasant in a kind of goofy, offhand manner. Unfortunately, it rapidly expands  to drown out everything else, turning trite, and finally cloying. 

At the apex of its development, 1 Million smells like hand soap amplified to jet engine volume. It also radiates like plutonium until the very last phase of its generic pencil shavings drydown. Talk about crash and burn! 1 Million smells like its entire budget went into the first ten minutes. Long enough to close the sale and get the customer out of the store, but hardly long enough to satisfy. 


Honestly I hate this one.  i wanted to love it but I dont.  Maybe it will grow on me.  But right now my impressions has me wanting to make a public service announcement.    I am here to save you $50+ on the purchase price of PR1M.    Go to the dollar store and find a pack of fruit stripe gum.   Insert the whole pack in your mouth and chew to build up a large amount of saliva.    Now spit on yourself.   You now smell like a million.
To me this is disgusting and I have to move away/out of the underground carriage when I smell this on people as it is overpowering and acrid. It is the men's version of Poison - to be avoided. Goodness knows what the womens version smells like, I haven't dared to even try it.

Trashy, but I think that's intentional.;	If I smelled this with a blindfold on I'd say it smells like waiting outside of a public restroom in a casino. You're near the smoking section, next to a gift shop stocked with candy and especially red licorice. Every time the bathroom door opens a cloud emerges that is a combination of the urinal-cakes, the cherry-almond soap leaking out of the dispensers, the disinfectant in the mop water the janitor is cleaning the floor with... 	Then I take the blindfold off, see the tacky gold bar atomizer and think, so wait — casino bathroom is exactly what the house was going for?"  	At least it's self-aware.
Sickly sweet disgusting trash. Probably designed to be the next step up for teenagers from wearing Lynx Excite. "Yes! You too can smell like an accident in a sweet shop!" I certainly won't miss it when I finish the bottle.
In the beginning I loved '1 Million' - it was fresh and like walking through an orchard full of berries. But after a couple of minutes it transforms into this sweet stench... like you're trespassing or you got lost in some woods full of blueberry. the smell becomes so dominant that it's annoying. but luckily after a couple of minutes you can't smell a thing any longer, because it doesn't last at all.
this is sweet peppery synthetic frag , very cheap execution :)

probably made according to the new market taste for sweet feminine frags with some spices added so it can be sold as masculine :) anyone who can wear this can wear every single female perfume and smell better!!


guys i recommend Ormonde man, instead of this ! 
It smelled decent at first spray but it just isn't for me. It smells like buble gum and metal. A grown man shouldn't wear this. Let me rephrase that. A refined man shouldn't wear this.
Fine fragrance that meets the purpose for which it was made: partying, that appeals to the masses, good behavior on the skin ... but I can not stand it. It's not the fact of being overcrowded, but become extremely cloying on my skin, and low-quality synthetic.

Extremely nasty modern hodgepodge aggregate  of the worst designer modern masculine synthetic aromchems tendencies of the moment.
Avoid at all costs.
To be noted I’m a moss, cat’s arse and beaver sack type ..
One of those A*Men-inspired coffee/lavender/caramel gourmands drenched in mass market masculine aromachemicals, notably those omnipresent aquatic grape topnotes and a full-on Axe body spray "woody amber" base.  It's OK at first and ends up smelling ferociously cheap.  In the recent flood of coffee gourmands, this seems quite unnecessary - the only thing it brings to the table is cheapness.
Very sweet, freshly-baked sugar cookies on a warm wooden plate.  Not a suitable scent for a gent.  
A sugary woody piquant synthetic unoriginal mess. A shame as the most part of the new woody releases "retracing" this infamous gassy (sugary dusty) trend. Ferragamo Uomo's opening is a cedary-spicy sugar's tornado while dry down is a less dusty-gassy nondescript woody-caramel. Zero texture. An unpleasant piquant boredom on my skin.

Lost Cherry is a great name for this one:  10 minutes after spraying, it's G-O-N-E.  Interesting that longevity is good for some people and zero on others....

Good God, what have they done to this once beautiful perfume?  This concoction is an abomination of its former self.  I had an older bottle for years that I would always return to, received a new one for a present that is so different it is nearly unrecognisable.  The cloyingly sickly sweet smell of vanilla off the new formulation is downright offensive, I actually had to wash it off and I have never had to do that before with perfume.  What was once one of my favourite scents is now dead and buried.  Don't bother buying this, just get a couple of vanilla pods and rub them around your neck, job done. 
I ordered a bottle of this over the internet, and thought it must have been a knock-off because it smelled so terrible on me. I gave it away, but have since tried it again at a department store to make sure it wasn't just a bad bottle, and it wasn't. There is something in the opening that reacts badly with my skin. After about 30 minutes it calms down, but still doesn't smell great. I had a bottle of Shalimar back in the early 80s and did not have a problem, so I am thinking it is something they have added to the newer formulations. The newer version is truly terrible on me and I cannot pick out anything on the pyramid that normally reacts that way with my skin. My friend asked me please not to stand too close...
Shalimar EdP opens with a astringent citrus accord of bergamot and lemon and then moves into a lovely vanilla scent.

When the incense arrives and melds with the vanilla the scent does become quite alluring.

Though as it evolves you begin to smell leather and civet which also mix's in with the incense in a unpleasant way. At this stage it starts to smell acrid like mothballs or bug spray.

The scent is complex and has many facets of development with floral notes adding to the above notes. 

I like some elements of the fragrance like the vanilla and incense. But what kills my interest is the dated mothball/bugspray like accord coming from the civet and incense.
Shalimar is unequivocally the most cloyingly sweet, baroque perfume on the market today. Some old fragrances become classic standards that are timeless. Others survive by being "a name" in popular culture. The overwhelmingly sickening sweet synthetic vanilla and talcum powder of Shalimar that projects and punches EVERYBODY within 20 feet of the wearer (literally) is actually indecent and offensive. Goes beyond a statement. Beyond boldness. Beyond good taste. I can't think of another fragrance that is so overpowering that I'd have to tell someone I can't stand to be near them. Long after escaping the vicinity of a  Shalimar cloud, it's all you can smell. Your battered olfactory senses causing a headache and thoughts of "does this meal smell like Shalimar?" or "have they cleaned this restroom with Shalimar?" and so on. The domineering pervasiveness is actually rude then.

I've tried to enjoy Shalimar for its smell.  And its history.  And its importance.  And its benchmark status.  But no.  I'm afraid I think Shalimar smells gross.  That's not to say it isn't important and possibly a great perfume.  But I still think it smells gross.

Lately, I've been sampling the EDT, which is heavy on the baby powder and talc, fuzzy with lavender and a weird plasticky musk that smells like a diaper, as well as a realistic musk that smells like baby poo.  And there's vanilla, too.

I prefer the EDT because it focuses on the powdery aspects, letting the poopy diaper fade into a powdery spiced vanilla, which is the smell for most of the day.  

I've also tried the extrait, which highlights the poopy diaper musks and is just terrifying.

Oh well, I've given Shalimar MANY chances, and I get why people love it, but I just don't want to walk around smelling like a poopy diaper sprinkled with vanilla and cinnamon in a cloud of baby powder.  Maybe I'm losing snob points, but I'm fine with that...
Oh Dear Lord, Smells like FLY Spray :(after reading the background to this Fragrance and that of the good reviews I decided to try some of this on to check to see if was all that of the hype some people give this Fragrance. I was looking to give it to my Daughter for Christmas if it was good. I had imagined myself telling my daughter about the story behind the fragrance etc too but when I sprayed this on my arm, oh dear lord.. I nearly fainted... they didn't have any of the EDP so I used the EDT... my MRS didn't like it either, she thought it was horrible... it smelt like fly spray.. non the less, it was now on me so I watched if throughout the afternoon and into the evening.. it powdered down a lot better after an hour but still with that faint smell of fly spray in with the powder... it lasted very well, 8 hrs +... but hell, would you want it on you for that long? very disappointed :(Pros: dries down nicer than original burstCons: Smells like Fly Spray"
Disgusting and intrusive. 
I'm definitely in the minority here but I don't like this fragrance.  When Shalimar is mentioned I hear perfect, classic, wonderful.  When I try it all I get is vanilla, plastic, and dead cat.  What am I doing wrong, folks?  

One of the ugliest, most pervasive scents known to man, next to cat pee.

The staying power is, of course, excellent.
I dont quite like it. I blind-bought it because it was oh-so praised here on basenotes. That was a mistake. It  smells pretty much like joss sticks and reminds me of red-light-establishements (thou ive never been in one :). As KatiePuckrikSmells stated in her YouTube-Review the smell was considered "a perfume with a bad reputation" and that "there are three things a "Lady" never did [..], wear shalimar", this is pretty much spot on. Its not western-classy but oriental-brothelesque.. thumbs down.

Now unrecognisable as the classic I remember from the 1970s. Weak with poor sillage and longevity and on me it smells like an old-fashioned tin of lemon scented wax polish. Not an unpleasant scent if you want to smell (faintly) like the furniture.
This review is of the EDT.
I sprayed this on paper at a Sephora and LOVED the retro-opening so I also sprayed the back of my hand.  I picked up a bottle and was going to purchase it as another customer was asking the attendant about men's fragrances she could purchase for her husband.  I mentioned Eau Sauvage and said "here, smell this".  She turned up her nose and said she didn't like it.  I re-sniffed it on my hand and it smelled like someone smeared feces on me.  I said "ew" -- she said "YEAH".  I put the bottle back and got a sample that I tried a few weeks later -- SAME RESULT -- lemon-POOP / Lemon-Feces / Lemon-DooDoo.
Do you like wearing limonate ? This a scent for you ,but not for me !
The rosemary hit first with a trace of citrus that wasn't specifically lemon. The petitgrain and basil lead through to a clean, but not soapy, vetiver finish with a nice sun-warmed skin character. When I say vetiver this was more of the airy spicy side than the green plant matter aspect. 
Overall, a clean yet masculine aroma that conjures the meeting of plants and seas. . My wife complimented on it almost immediately, describing it as "beachy" smell. 
While I acknowledge this fragrance just may not have worked with my chemistry, down-thumbed this Dior classic because it was seemingly only detectable wet. After 20 minutes the show was over, and at an hour it was undetectable. Such a shame. Be sure and test it with your skin and consider the "extreme" version. 
Loved, loved, loved this concoction back in the '80's and for some unexplained reason, I stopped wearing it.  Fast forward to 2016.  Received a 'new' bottle as a gift and became immediately ecstatic.  Yes...the same honest lemon note...the clean, fresh aura that I had remembered from years gone by.  End of story.  No longevity.  No sillage.  Quel dommage.  Now it sits on my fragrance shelf only to be used when the outside temperatures reach a sad over 90* roasting point only to enjoy for the 20 minutes or so after applying.  I understand that the reformulation (God, how I hate that word!) has undergone the surgical removal of oakmoss.  Is that the key to this horrific transformation?  Whatever.  It is still delightful for about 10 minutes but fails to deliver as I remember, from the past. But...a ray of sunshing...I truly enjoy the new magnetic cap...sort of ends there.  
I ordered a sample based on countless positive reviews, but unfortunately I was disappointed. This sickly-sweet cologne is reminiscent of something you'd find in an elderly person's garage sale. 

I give credit to the people that can rock this scent confidently, but it's not me. 

After reading all the positive reviews, I ordered a sample vial for 5 bucks.  This morning I sprayed two sprays on my wrist to test.  When I was in my car 5 minutes later, I could no longer smell it!  I sprayed 2 more sprays on the same wrist, again gone in under 5 minutes!  I could get a faint sniff of it, if i buried my nose in my wrist.  I dont know if I received a fake sample or what, but Ive had farts that lingered longer than this.

its too acidic for me, somehow reminding me of sugardrenched poppycake with a spritz of some bathroom- cleanser.
I found Flower by Kenzo to be very sweet and one dimensional. In five minutes, all I got was cheap vanilla. It might, however, be good for a young lady of perhaps 12.

Cloying, sweet, nondescript powder. The smell is the polar opposite of the elegant, spare packaging. And red? Red isn't the color I think of for this. There's no passion or brightness in this mix. It's more like melted, rainbow colored sherbet mixing with leftover sheet cake.
The opening is all cutie pies and femmey bliss through the wacky/folky Kenzo fashion filter that makes those qualities into an art. The drydown creeps in with a hazy suggestion of freshly turned shrimp cocktail. Opoponax (balsamic and animalic smelling resin), hawthorn (ultra sweet and sharp), and black currant (the cat pee note) are notes that easily read as bodily and profane. Mixed into a modern take on Royal Bain de Caron like Flower, funeralic associations emerge: cheap bouquets and fetid bodies. Also there are ketones given off right before death, and this musk smacks of that scent to me. 

A very morbid review, I realize, and if Flower sustains the pleasure of its opening notes for you and skips out on the heavily disturbing drydown, you're luckier than I was. A perfume that means to be creepy and does it with grace I can take, but this sort of unintentional lipstick on the teeth scenario made for several queasy wearings before Flower was banish'ed. Though I like many scents generally disliked by most people, this one is beyond reprieve: could be summed up as soiled diaper and a rare true case of dead ringer baby powder. But like someone with a flower in place of a brain, I'll probably give this one another try at some point and report back once the extant repeat trauma has faded from memory. It's at least iconic?
On first spraying this, my thought was "Springtime!" but within seconds it morphed into a cloying, green-melon-shampoo smell on me. l couldn't pick out any floral notes, & certainly no opoponax; nothing remotely oriental here. Within the hour, all l could smell on my skin was sugar water. This stage lasted for another 3 hours before it disappeared. l'm not sure who this fragrance is aimed at, but l'd say very young girls might love it. l don't.
I found this composition to be very off balance.  The basenotes are musky and sweet, woodsy even but sort of impersonally generic due to their overly synthetic nature.  It's not bad it's just awkward.  Actually the dry down is probably my favorite part of this fragrance because the cold violet and rose mushiness is not taking over.  Overall, this made me feel frigid.

Less Is more i love the design a single Red flower stem verticly cuting though the clear white bottle.But I Didn't Care for the scent it smell too much like baby power it was to powdery on my skin
I'm afraid this fragrance has caused me some cognitive dissonance, and, judging by the responses here, it seems others feel this, too. Strange how such a "LITE" fragrance--that insidious marketing term is somehow more to the point than that respectable word "light"--can inspire such polarized responses as manifested here.But to say "I love this" or "I hate this" without attempting to analyze the issue does not constitute a genuine review, so I'll endeavour to explain. In the first instance, I find it difficult to comprehend that a fragrance of this sort--so airy, so frightfully floral and sweet, so (dare I say it?) "girly-girl"--can possibly be a floral oriental. An oriental that lacks mystery and darkness strikes me as a self-annihilating contradiction in terms. What would be the point of such a fragrance? I wonder if it was somehow supposed to be "cute," but it doesn't quite work out that way, either. And although I warn my students that "I don't get it" is not a very thoughtful response, I still fail to comprehend just what Flower by Kenzo is trying to be or do.FbK, as far as I can tell, is a rather simple linear floral with a little dose of musk and vanilla tossed in to "sex it up" a bit. Even so, "sexy" is not an adjective that comes to my mind when smelling it. I can see that for some it might be a **useful** fragrance; that is, it's not so powerful as to be overwhelming in the workplace, it's not particularly unique, and it doesn't require a larger-than-life personality to pull it off. I think I could tolerate it on others, but I would find it intolerably cloying on myself; but then again, I've never worked in close proximity with someone who wears it, and I can imagine that continued exposure to this sticky violet/rose confection could become quite, quite irritating.But, ultimately, what we have here is simulacrum as Jean Baudrillard would define it: a copy without an original.  FbK is a recreation of the scent of a flower that has no scent, which furthermore has two completely synthetic notes (hedione and cyclosal) as its basenotes.  It is hardly surprising, then, that it smells like nothing in particular.  Baby powder smells quite natural next to this.Having said all this, I find it hard to like any fragrance so devoid of mystery and personality. It seems to me that these two elements are a large part of what makes wearing perfume desirable in the first place. I don't "hate" it, I simply find it too insipid to feel any extreme emotion about it. The truth is, it's one of the most insipid fragrances I've smelled, and I find insipidity harder to deal with than downright obnoxiousness. Given the choice between FbK and Lanvin's in-your-face too-much-can-kill-you Rumeur, I'll gladly take the latter.
I tried this fragrance a total of three times hoping to like it but honestly I don't.  All I smell is baby powder and pampers.  This reminds me of my children as babies and it is not what I want to smell like also the smell never fades, it lasted and lasted until the next day. 
For me, this smells exactly like baby powder. Not like anything else, just baby powder. It smelled like baby powder when I first put it on 4 hours ago, and at every hesitant sniff ever since, it has continued to smell like baby powder, with maybe a little bit sweeter undertones. Slightly sweet baby powder. Personally, if I wanted to smell like baby powder, I'd rather just buy some baby powder for a buck. But since I hate the smell of baby powder, I won't. Sillage is pretty good, and so is staying power. Lucky me. 
Bought this after smelling the beauty of it on someone else. On them it smelled utterly unique and vibrantly floriental. On me, however, it smelled cloying, powdery and sweet - everything I hate in a perfume. I'd give it 2 stars though, on the basis of how beautiful and head-turning it smells on other people. 
Received a bottle as a gift.  Whadda waste of effort.  On me it smells like violets and powder.  Didn't do a thing for me.

