I often find myself asking "would I wear this but for the hype?" I still don't know the answer to this.  I wore this on my wedding day.  I narrowed down to 5 different scents and went with this one b/c a guy said it's the sexiest of scents.  

This scent does not equal sexy to me.  It equals playful and young.  (I married at 40).  I don't mean it's immature....I mean that you can be mature and wear this and you won't smell old. (hope that makes sense).  This is the opposite of scents that I gravitate towards.  I like heavy, chypre, oriental scents.  I basically like to smell like what I imagine Joan Collins smelling like on dynasty. But this scent fills a need for me.  It fills that sweet spot while being sophisticated at the same time. The complexity is astounding.  

Some say it's polarizing.  They say they smell it everywhere.  I don't.  I have only smelled this scent on me.  The longevity and silliage are both insane.  This just keeps going and going and going.  I think it can be worn anytime of year, but feels too "happy" for fall and winter for me.  But if I need a pick me up during those months this is for sure something I would reach for.  
Salted sugary cotton candy with something alluring and seductive. The more I wear it the more I am seduced by the sweet unique smell. I cannot help but like it. 
5/5 without question. Worth the hype. It's everything I want in a fragrance when I go out. It's distinctive, sexy and projects powerfully.

Yes it's completely synthetic, yes you'll probably smell it all the time at high-end restaurants in Beverly Hills now and yes it's 100% worth it's price.

Performance is fantastic. I have jackets where this is still lingering 2 weeks later, in the best way possible. Projection is second to none.
Just tried this for the first time and woww... 

Everything I heard about this scent is what sparked my interest in perfumery again earlier this year, after nearly a decade. In fact, before I heard of this scent I didn't know Kurkdjian has his own fragrance house. Bought it not soon after the discovery, yet I refrained from trying it for over half a year, until now.

This is really something guys. And I'm critical towards MFK, believe me (or read my reviews). The opening is smooth and sweet, mandarin ambery and resinous, like a lightweight (frank)incense. 

As if there's liquid incense mixed with orange blossom honey. The incense vibe seems perfectly integrated with the orange, that to me also comes across as orange blossom. 

In the drydown the orange makes way and you get like only the best, masculine notes that are in Tabac (leather, wood, ambergris). The leatheriness stemming only from something oak moss contains, evernyl. Yielding a fine, powdery leather. Seems MFK picked exactly those (sub)notes which is perfect! Thanks to Baccarat Rouge 540 I can now also confirm the ambergris note in Tabac as I've never smelled it by itself. It's stronger in here though (the ambergris). As expected: fir balsam and ambroxan being present and highlighting it. 

BR540 is not a linear scent, it's turbulent! I don't think I've experienced that before in a way where such unpredictability is... laudable and must be 'calculated' so to speak. 

I like it a lot. I don't see any particular incense note in it now that I'm checking the notes. It must be the fir resin and the marigold. After looking up what marigold actually is I only have one drawback, a personal flashback and that is that I've smelled this flower as a kid and it doesn't particularly smell good. If I hadn't looked marigold up however, I wouldn't have recognized it. It feels so in place in here, unbelievable.

From October, 2016:

Baccarat Rouge seems almost too simple at first. You get a light whiff of something sweet--a vague cotton candy note over a nondescript synthetic woods, and an odd off-note that smells strangely like glue and...that's it. It seems unfinished. Incomplete and empty. Flat. But then you wear it again a couple more times and suddenly it opens itself up to you. The sweetness becomes addicting, bolder and harder to label. It's not like cotton candy at all really. The woodiness holding it together develops a fuzzy texture and you notice its tenaciousness on your skin and that its deeper than you first perceived. The fir resin becomes the star of the show, presenting something more in line with the sweet sap of a pine tree than an artificial candy. Beneath it there is a warm, alluring nuttiness that permeates the scent. It jumps out even more on fabric causing your shirt to smell wonderful. It blends with the sweet and I'm reminded of Boston Baked Beans.The next time you wear Baccarat Rouge the jasmine shows up, adding a new dimension to the opening, a pretty touch of florals to help balance the sweet woody aroma that dominates. Suddenly, the fragrance is not as simple as you'd first thought. This is an addictive smell that gets better and better the more you wear it. It's a compliment magnet. I haven't met one person who dislikes it on me and in fact I've received positive comments from complete strangers (which almost never happens to me). It seems to genuinely make people happy and draw them in. When you wear this, you'll catch wafts of it throughout the day, and you'll think "mmmm...something smells really good," and at first you might not even realize it's you. The same happened to me when I began wearing Amyris Homme. But then you realize that indeed, the smell is coming from you, and more specifically, from Baccarat Rouge. Then you're hooked. It's been chided for being cloying and overly-sweet and synthetic, but I actually find the composition to be on the subtle side. It's no shrinking violet but it's not loud in any way, and it's not obnoxious. Its different aspects reveal themselves patiently, everything's not upfront and in your face. Sample this, to see if it has the same effect on you, but be sure to wear it at least two times. I recommend three. Baccarat Rouge is quickly becoming a favorite of mine. It's a pleasure to wear and it seems to be received remarkably well. Thumbs up!

UPDATE: It's August, 2019, and I still love this stuff. Even more, in fact. 
I am more on the side of like for Baccarat Rouge 540. I disagree with the hospital or dentist vibe which many have claimed, but I do agree with what others have said about the funfair aura this fragrance emits. When smelling Baccarat Rouge 540 I immediately think of the funfair: toffee apples and candy floss, surrounded by traditional Gypsy caravans immobile on the cobbled streets. I get the feeling of being outdoors on a cold evening encompassed by wood, stone and confectioneries: yes, the funfair! 
This is on my Mt. Rushmore.  I'll admit it's a bit sweeter than I typically lean, but just the same, it's performance and attraction are undeniable. 
The most delicious pair of rubber gloves you ever smelled.

It stands out.  Leans feminine. 
Do not allow yourselves to be tricked
By this notoriously excellent and highly unorthodox fragrance
That's pretending to be something else.

Second opinion:

Somebody mixed up
Earth, air, fire and water in
The wrong proportions.

Third opinion:

I refuse to buy
Stolen information, this
Tire fire in heaven.

Fourth opinion:

Olfactive psy-op
To make us sympathize with
Burning museums.

Fifth opinion:

Divine trickery
Mixing up good and evil
In new-fangled ways.

Sixth opinion:

We may not need whales or oceans any longer for the sake of perfumery, but this fragrance shows that we owe them both a debt of eternal gratitude.

Seventh opinion:

Repeat after me:
Radical abundance is
Gonna be some fun.
Lovely composition.  A sweet, crisp, elegant, and satisfying treat to wear.  
This is a stunning fragrance. It's almost as if you have this fruity/sugary/strawberry/light woody smell that you can't quite get to because it is enclosed in a bubble of water. Sounds weird but if you have tried it you will know what I mean. Someone once told me while I was wearing BR that it was the most wonderful thing they had ever smelt. 

Very elegant, Very classy & Very sophisticated. Lasts forever! 


Mmm... Baccarat Rouge 540 is fabulous. It is crisp and clean and lasts longer than you do. The burnt sugar accord is very prominent and reminds me of Josh Meyer/Imaginary Authors Saint Julep without the mint, just a little in the opening. Baccarat Rouge however feels and smells nicer in my opinion. I'm also reminded of another fragrance as BR 540 dries down, and that's Slumberhouse's Sadanne. There's something that smells similar to me. Baccarat Rouge 540 is much more subtle than Sadanne, but there is something similar to my nose anyway.  I believe it may be the coniferous Fir Balsam note, as Sadanne definitely has the sweet aspect like BR540, with a coniferous aspect as well in it's dry down. Baccarat Rouge is smooth and feels incredibly well blended. I'm thoroughly enjoying this in such a way that I know I'm going to want a full bottle. The burnt sugar is lightly tinged with a floral softness that never becomes overbearing. It's a perfect balance between the sugar, florals, citrus, aroma chemicals, cedar and fir balsam as far as I can tell. It is quite linear, but increases in conifer and decreases just a bit in sweetness as it lasts and lasts, causing you to smell like a much classier dude than you really are. This one hits all the marks for me. It will be in my wardrobe eventually.
Bit more of a personal perfume than a room-filling announcement. 

I like it because it's smooth, simple, and sweet. It lasts a good long while. Is it worth $300? Eh, I dunno. But I love the cachet and the branding, so... sure! 

I purchased the 10mlx5 travel vial set with the golden atomizer from the MFK site in France for $235 and am quite pleased with my good deal.

This is an excellent "I don't know what I want to wear, but I want to smell good" perfume. It's like a refined, crisp white shirt paired with a good pair of jeans.

It is linear, but it's more expensive than what the other girls are throwing on from Sephora, so while it may be basic, at least it isn't common.

I hope this will be my go-to "I don't know what to wear, so I'll wear this" perfume for quite some time. It's just... easy.
I was really surprised with this one. Before I visited MFK section for trying A la rose, I didn't imagine that I will bring Baccarat at the spot. 

I think this one is very special... even the bottle has very special mood among MFK products. It smells like sugar, caramel and leather - very subtle and hard to explain its specialty. It is certainly sweet mood for the first time, but I can feel sophisticated layers in it.  

I think this one is extremely good for cold seasons. Because of its longevity, I often feel good when taking my coat off after coming back home. Highly recommended. 
This is ALMOST a teeny-bopper fragrance, gourmand, sweet sugar fragrance but there is something that pushes it into a more sophisticated league.  If I was marketing this, I'd put it in a "Hello Kitty" bottle. Just saying...
This one deserves more love... I don't get how people can actually dislike this fragrance ! It is a MASTERPIECE.

The scent is out of this world, if you are into sweet "cotton candy vibe" fragrances this is probably the best out there with Acqua e Zucchero from Profumum Roma.

The sillage with this one is stellar. The longevity aswell.

You might think that it is gone after a while but trust me, this fragrance is BEASTMODE and will easily fill a room without you noticing it.

Since it might not be for everyone, I would not recommand you to blind buy this, sample it first :)

Best wow factor/compliment getter from total strangers aswell. Enormous thumbs up for BR540 !
Roasted coffee mixed with that condensed milk smell from Angel, topped with flowers and mint instead of the lavender you usually get with perfumes like this, so the roasted coffee is at the forefront.

It's not bad, and I'm giving it a thumbs up, but there's no way to review this without mentioning the mountains of hype surrounding it.  I smelled it back when it was $4000 and was shocked that it didn't even bother to try to smell expensive.  There's no upfront expensive ingredients, and it's actually quite weak in concentration. 

I cannot even fathom paying $4000 for this, and honestly, it's overpriced in its $300 bottle as well.  The advertising and in-store hoopla around Rouge 540, treating it as the second coming of perfume, a world-changing arrival of new levels of luxury, is just laughably grotesque considering this is just another remix of Angel that's not as good as Angel.  It's worth a sniff and if you've got the money, you could certainly do worse, but don't believe the hype...

The value of Baccarat Rouge 540 depends on whether one values the "raw ingredients" or "the artistry" involved.

I personally think that this is a super sophisticated and unique fragrance. Very well done.

Artistic interpretation:
Beautiful shimmering fragrance that smells like the reflection of glass or metal. Can feel both cooling or warming sensation depending on the whiff you get. It is both transparent and dense at the same time.

Wow, Francis Kurkdjian managed  to bottle the smell and sensation of crystals. Amazing!

Technical interpretation:
Sweet woody amber with citrus (tangerine)overlay that is cotton candy-like. Stays sweet through out. Not the worth price because of the synthetics involved.


I love it. Doesn't get the love it deserves. Some say it's too sweet or too feminine. I can name a lot more fragrances men wear, that come across way too Feminine.
The floral aspect in minimal. I get more wood. So I would say it's an oriental Woody. Well done by Mr. Kurkdjian.
Lots of fruit and florals with really good projection.  I only sprayed a few sample sprays and kept catching whiffs for hours and I liked what I smelled.  Wife said I smelled "too feminine" at first but then, later on said I smelled like "birthday cake".  Best way to describe it is cotton candy flowers.
Kurkdjian excels at creating well turned-out perfumes. Smooth, seamless perfumes with lovely olfactory shapes and pleasant profiles. Of course, he also makes Cologne and Absolue pour le Soir, two of the dirtiest roses available, so he’s not limited to olfactory pleasantry. Still, most of the Maison Francis Kurkdjian perfumes have a mannered quality. Where various perfume lines promise Arabian fantasy or minimalism or narrative, MFK offers the comfort of normalcy. Only better. MFK gives us the mainstream, but with a perfection that negates the inherent dullness found in middle of the road.

Take the Amyrises. They are luxe versions of what you might find on the department store fragrance counters at any given moment—they are designed to be. They might not draw your attention at a distance, but up close the fit looks just too good to be off-the-rack. They balance a prim detachment with a wink to let you know that there’s more here than just an idealized designer perfume.

Baccarat shares the refined, muted quality of the Amyrises but not their designer style. It is more abstract and uncluttered. The polish, the precious-metal glow that many of Kurkdjian’s perfumes have is there, but the shape is less conventional. It riffs on a mainstream sensibility, but less so than the Amyrises.

The opening of the perfume matches the the nearly-fruity scent of fir to a juicy orange but cuts the sweetness with a mineral edge.  The saltiness and a cotton-candy note circle each other, yet Baccarat 540 skips the lingering caramel predictability of the current run of praline perfumes. The specific notes seem to recede over time as large olfactory images come into focus.  A marine/ambergris shape gives a balanced, synthetic profile to the heartnotes. The sweet/nutty pairing holds together through the drydown giving a cozy coherence from top to bottom.

Unusual? Yes.

Edgy? Not in the least.

Interesting? Try it and see.
Wore this tonight and I can honestly say I had over 10 compliments. This fragrance really made me feel a certain way when wearing it and I have to admit I loved it! Great buy for me
good sillage and solid longevity, totally proper for males, very interesting mix!
WOW!! MFK hit a grand slam with this fragrance! I haven't gotten this many compliments since Aventus! 2 thumbs up!! Its listed as a feminine fragrance but this can easily pass as a male cologne!

White skin under a dark red velvet corset. A knife hidden near a pumping heart. Blood rushing in her ears. By no means will she spare them. Her mind sharp as the knife , her intentions dark but just ..... a lady who stands up for herself. No galantuomo needed. She is free and upright , no one will bend her 

A fragrance for a woman deciding her own destiny. Powerful , dark, refined , noble. Red rose , earthy tones and a glimpse of humour when a small raspberry allows a sneak peek on who she is when she is in a good mood. 
She can kill or caress ... up to you 
Opening blast is a volumtuous rich rose with a hint of sandalwood. The smell is very high-end and I've been surounded with this kind of scent cloud in posh areas of London with a rich Middle Eastern clientele.

The rose becomes jammy and fruity (raspberry/cranberry) and then quite soapy. There is also a green element. 

This is clearly the mother of any number of illegitimate fruittychoulli scents. It brought Lancome LA vie est belle to my mind and (surprise suprise) it's the same nose.

Unlike many males on BN I don't find POAL easy for a man to pull off, it's decidedly feminine in scent and theme and has inspired too many other common feminines. It does have the quality rose smell of so many expensive rose-Oud combos and perhaps that is why many males feel comfortable with it. For me there is no counterpoint to the dominant rose to bring it back to a unisex center-ground.

Performance is really good which may make one feel a little self conscious if not 100% comfortable with the theme.
Overall 80/100 as a feminine perfume but not necessarily safe for to use as a unisex. A viable male alternative might be Diptyque Oud Palaou
What is there to say about this fragrance that hasn't already been said? This a stunning masterpiece of a fragrance that you owe it to yourself as a fraghead to try. Deep, rich, smoky, sensual, fruity, dry, sweet, creamy, soft - PoaL covers almost all the bases. The combination of rose and patchouli - tried and true - is enriched by glowing incense, creamy sandalwood, autumnal spices, and a photorealistic raspberry note (so real that you can smell the tannins in the seeds). It is intoxicating, it is full-bodied, it is exotic, it is powerful, it is perfume with a capital P. This is what you wear when you want to make a statement, when you want to impress, when you want to stand out from the crowd and make everyone smell you. Simply put, one of the best rose fragrances ever made.
Portrait of a Lady? Okay, sure, whatever you say, Mr. Ropion. Maybe if that lady was a former headshop hippie from 1975 who goes on to become a rock star, part Stevie Nicks, part Steven Tyler, while regularly atoning for her sins at Catholic Mass every Sunday.

Dark but never heavy, fruity but also funky, with a luminous, clove-y rose that holds it all together. Probably one of my top-ten favorite scents of all time.
Beautiful. Easily distinguishing rose, patchouli, clove, and incense. I was worried about this one, because I generally am not a big fan of incense forward frags. This has a proper amount in it as to not overpower the rest of the composition. The patchouli gives it an earthy greenness, while the berries prop up the jammy-ness of the rose in the opening. Its performance is big all around. The cloves here bring the rose down to a more masculine place, though I'm not sure its quite there for me. I get something that makes me think aldehydes, but I see it nowhere. Really well blended, there are no hard edges.

I'm going thumbs up here for quality, and because it is labeled as a feminine fragrance to start with.  The biggest detractor is the unwieldy cost, which is not enough to drop its rating.  
Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle sits somewhere between Creed and L'Artisan Parfumeur in terms of prestige and creative freedom. On one hand, Frédéric Malle fancies himself a creative director and "ghost writer" alongside the perfumers he chooses to work with him, guiding them to something that fits both his vision and theirs, but on the other, he also plays up the exclusivity of his label and cost of materials to rake in the cash from naive nouveau-riche. For this reason, scents like Portrait of a Lady (2010) receive both fervent praise from perfumistas enamored with the label's showcasing of perfumer's talent with an uncapped budget, and also derision from hardcore hobbyists that know the same relative quality can be had even within niche realms for half the cost. I could easily name a half dozen rose scents in the same heady, dark, rich vein as this, but there's no point in cutting this off at the kneecaps for being a more expensive alternative to them, since it's all relative to the budget of the onlooker anyway, and who's to say the same person can't both enjoy a $10 bottle of Tea Rose (1972) and a $340 bottle of Portrait of a Lady? What is in effect presented here is a Turkish rose wrapped in spice and incense. The stuff is sold as a feminine perfume but draws parallels to male-oriented rose scents thus is worn by quite a few guys too. The name comes from the Henry James novel of 1881, and focuses on creating the scent worn by the Victorian-era heroine Isabel Archer, which is said to be of dark roses. 

Portrait of a Lady opens with plenty of Turkish rose, and fans of Aramis Perfume Calligraphy Rose (2013) or Amouage Lyric Man (2008) already know where this is headed. This isn't a sweet damask rose nor a leafy tea rose like many of it's ilk, but shrouds a deep red rose head note in black currant and raspberry, both darker fruits. The middle notes of cinnamon, clove, and patchouli, give this a spicy and earthy rounding of the rose's edges, before the woodsy aromachemical base of sandal, benzoin, ambroxan, and incense finish it off. The weakest link here, especially for a scent so expensive, is the reliance on the "Kmart Blue Light Special" aspects of ambroxan, which link this back to trendy high-end designer scents that folks who love Frédéric Malle will likely scoff at, raising monocle to eye and turning up nose past their hairline uttering "how so very dare you" in a nasal transatlantic "lockjaw" accent. Well screw those folks, I don't mind the drydown at all, and anyone who enjoys anything from the larger niche houses these days should likely expect a few popular aromachems here or there anyway, and if it matters that much, there are plenty of one-person operations and tiny artisinal perfumers making scents purely from raw materials that can hand you a comparable rose to this without the ambroxan scratch in the finish. After the scent finishes developing, what is left behind is that Turkish rose, some patchouli, clove, incense, and  nondescript woods with musky underpinnings. Longevity is good, but like most rose scents, this will dominate whatever shirt you're wearing while it's on your skin, lingering hours after, so definitely wash said garment afterwards. I like Portrait of a Lady but for me, I don't think it's nearly $400 good, and with what is effectively a sample sprayer costing as much as a 50ml of Chanel, even smaller sizes are not much of a value. I must note that this is one of the more expensive Frédéric Malle scents, and not all of them are the same price, so don't dismiss the house based on this one review, please.

Portrait of a Lady is a success in what it sets out to be: an olfactory representation of a fictional perfume from a character pulled out of a novel made in a bygone era. As wearable perfume in the modern day, Portrait of a Lady does feel a tad more masculine than feminine with it's portrayal of rose, even if that portrayal is pretty in line with what passed for rose fragrances in the late 19th century, sans the ambroxan of course, because they'd have real ambergris in that 'mutha if it was made then. I'd recommend better dark roses before this one, but Dominique Ropion does a noble job of the task at hand, it's just this kind of thing has already existed for a while before it came around, so in the very large world of rose scents, it had a lot of stiff competition, like Tom Ford's Noir de Noir (2007) for example. Portrait of a Lady is best in mid-climates like spring, fall, or indoors just about any time, with a spicy romantic flair that makes it unsuitable for the office to me, but your opinion may be different. I think a dry leather note or maybe something green might have added enough austerity to sober this up for the professional environment, but as it stands, this is just a tad closer to the smell of the "fallen women" or male "fops" of the Victorian era than anyone trying to be presentable. Thumbs up for quality and performance, but with trepidation do I suggest this one, since it isn't even the best of it's lot and the cost makes it a bit prohibitive to explore without sampling for yourself. Luckily, this one is pretty common at most upscale department stores, so that shouldn't be too tricky! A nice and spicy unisex rose scent, just not for the unwashed masses, to be sure. 
Lasts for about 14 hours, the last of which as skin scent, pretty powerful rose and incense combo, very unisex and not just for ladies, it has a kinky and very dark vibe, one of the best outings fro Malle for some serious sillage it takes some serious spraying!



A lady indeed.  I got a musty, smoldering spice of a rose in the beginning.  If I inhaled deeply I smelled a teeny tiny bit of raspberry.  Settling down, it became a dry tinder pile of incense and patchouli.  A musky amber finishes this off with nary a nod to benzoin.  
Every time I tried it on I get different ideas. This perfume is a Rubik's cube, my dumb brain can only work out one face at a time.

The most current version I got is: vivid rose blast at opening, accompanied by something strongly reminiscent of oud(incense?), with some sort of spicy animalistic undertone. A panther hide in rose bushes. If I get close enough, there is a soothing aspect of aldehyde. 

The rose, thankfully, doesn't have the indolic feel as in Une Rose, possibly due to some fruity softener that I couldn't tell. My skin stays a battlefield between army of red rose and slightly pungent musk. After an hour or so, rose is utterly defeated and the musk decimated, a vast land of patchouli finally reveal itself.

If it really is a portrait of a certain lady, then it's the portrait of Rebecca, the devious and charming mistress of Manderley.
Portrait of a Lady is now called "Portrait of a King embracing his Lady!!

...WOW, what a fragrance!!!

Floral, because of the Rose and spices; but also, slightly woodsy from the Patchouli and Sandalwood. 

In the end, you are going to get a beautiful creamy, yet rose combined spice fragrance that is dry and incensey! Lovely!

Performance: 10/10
Silage: 10/10
Longevity: 10/10
Overall: 10/10

[Update: I didn't have to sell myself to get this :o); got a 1.7oz for a really good deal! new-$135]
Fantastic projection, fantastic longevity. Perhaps bit too much floral. Only the second cologne that I tried that last until I was in the gym the next morning. Although not quite my fragrance definitely has a lot to have any protection. 
I've been putting off writing a review of POAL for ages, because I've had difficulty putting into words what makes it special, and also why I don't care much for it.  

In terms of smell, at its core, it's a fruitchouli, that mix of berries and rose and patchouli that comes together to smell like rich flowery fruity jam.  It throws in some saffron to give it a leathery oud feel, and goes further by adding some sandalwood in tribute to a classic sandalwood/rose attar.

What makes it special is twofold.  First, while most perfumes of this type use cheap fake rose (because it's easy to get away with hiding it behind all the strong ingredients), POAL uses a large amount of upfront real rose, which is the main reason this is considered the best of the genre.  Second, as explained wonderfully in jtd's review, there's a high-performance sheen to POAL that's remarkable.  Rose usually fades in a couple of hours, but somehow POAL's rose shines brightly and unwaveringly for days.  The whole perfume has nuclear longevity thanks to a combination of masterful chemistry and a high budget, which is simply unmatched elsewhere. 

Given all this, I have no choice but to give POAL a thumbs up, but I just don't like it that much.  The top-of-its-class longevity actually makes it kind of boring to me - I would have enjoyed a slow descent from rose to sandalwood, but instead it just sits there, glowing brightly with its changes happening too slowly to be appreciated.  Also, I just don't like fruitchoulis very much, so even the best isn't going to win me over.

Anyway, thumbs up, of course.  This is one of those perfumes you should know.
La belle ferronnière by  Leonardo da Vinci
I was looking for a fresh, green rose, which this definitely is not, but I've quickly become addicted to this unique scent.

To me, it smells like a rich, slightly tart, spicy rose syrup, with a firm, edgy hit of sharp ginger. There's no ginger in the notes, so it's probably a combination of red fruit and other spices that gives me this impression. Over time, the scent develops a more loukoum like character, with a dense, but transparent, jelly-like consistency. Throughout its development, this scent manages to perfectly balance acidity, sweetness, and sharpness. To me, it's a very edible rose, which is quite extraordinary because rose is a difficult flavor to successfully pull off in food.

Half a sample in, I strongly feel like I don't want to live without it. Its longevity is unbelievable, and one of the best things about this scent is that its character remains fully intact over time. Smelling it on my clothing the second day it's almost as strong, vibrant and sparkling as when I first sprayed it on.

It's prohibitively expensive, but well worth the money.
This one has been my signature scent ever since it's launch. Occasionally in a fickle moment I apply a different fragrance but I feel like an adulterous woman cheating on a sweet hearted lover.

I've just tried Dans tes Bras hoping to wean myself away from my beloved POAL but sadly, no deal.DTB is like an icicle, cold and soulless. POAL is like sinking into a soft feather bed at the end of a hard and tiring day. It is woven into my being I'm sure. 

This is a fragrance that either works for you or it doesn't and sadly for me, given it's price, this is my perfect partner.
The rose and patchouli pairing is such a good fit that it seems like proof of fate. It’s been the basis for a range of leathery, ambery, woody and mossy perfumes spanning woody-floral, chypre and oriental genres. The Malle PR boasts that Ropion used surpassing doses of rose essence and patchouli coeur, a fractionated patchouli. Fractionated naturals are botanical materials that have been separated into their constituent parts by chemical and physical processes, especially molecular distillation, and edited to remove undesirable traits.

Around the time of Portrait’s launch more and more of these ‘tidied up’ botanicals were becoming available. Well understood materials like vetiver, cedar and patchouli saw their challenging attributes reduced or removed, leaving frictionless, blissful versions of the materials. They were sanded, polished and lacquered. Aroma materials manufacturers were pushing their hot new high-tech, stripped-down botanicals. They were an easy sell. They used a version of the best-of-all-worlds tactic to sidestep the endless botanical vs synthetic debate. They are ‘natural’ and therefore good but they have also been made better through chemistry and are therefore contemporary.

Used thoughtfully, fractionated botanicals allowed a measured, precise tailoring of olfactory effects. Unfortunately they also made their way into some simplistic compositions that smelled like ‘easy listening’ perfumes. The niche and mainstream markets of the time were top-heavy with a glut of radiant, synth-woody fragrances. Many perfume buyers had become accustomed to judging the quality of a perfume by how closely it approximated the properties of woody amber materials. These scrubbed versions of botanical materials matched the tone created by woody ambers. An entire fumie cohort was conditioned to respond to the ‘clarity’ of the new generation of fractionated botanicals.

Distillation of materials is not new to perfumery by any means. The recent emphasis on fractionating well-understood botanical aroma-materials stems from the attempt to dissect IFRA-designated toxic materials such as lavender, lemon and the notoriously virulent tea leaf and remove their noxious bits. Think of a fraction as a potent material that has undergone an exorcism.

***

Rose and patchouli have complementary facets that fit like a lock and key and have strong synergy. The camphorous chill of patchouli acts like an astringent to rose, keeping it from settling into the dull beauty that an uninspired rose perfume can have. Rose’s berry notes become wine-like and boozy when paired with patchouli. Resinous materials give rose a honeyed drawl and musk keeps the bloom on the rose. Camphor, berry notes, musk and amber are the olfactory attributes emphasized in coeur de vetiver and Ropion uses them along with incense, benzoin and god only knows what else to create the durable accords that allow Portrait of a Lady to last for days. It is classically Ropion in that rich natural materials and potent synthetics are focussed on the same goal: coherence. The perfume’s sillage and forcefulness hint at potent synthetics. Happily, though, the ear-ringing, gut-churning feeling I associate with over-reliance on particular synthetics to give radiance and endurance is nowhere to be found. Portrait of a Lady showcases Ropion’s exceptional capacity to calibrate synthetics toward specific compositional ends while avoiding their side-effects.

Since 2010 when it was released, Portrait of a Lady has come to stand toe-to-toe with an equally imposing patch-rose, Aromatics Elixir. While AE dominates the mossy/chypre side of the rose-patch hoards, The Lady has become the standard against which woody and oriental side of the rose family is compared. Rose-oud as well. It’s a perfume that begs to be described in superlatives and worn with abandon.
I chased down a lady three blocks away to ask the name of her perfume. Enormous sillage on that windy day. Ever since, this has been on my top five. Opens with quieter peppery spices. Then the most velvety sumptuous rose incense shows through with some fruity sweetness. Its rosy benzoin and sandalwood drydown is sensuous. It is bright and it is dark. Beautiful from beginning to the end. Exceptional longevity.
I really don't know how unisex this is, but I do know that it's beautiful and I love smelling it on my own skin.  Without getting into the notes, which others are far more capable of doing than I, my impression of this beauty is like this; if Montale's Black Oud was Bruce Jenner and he had a sex change and transformed into Scarlett Johanssen, then Portrait of a Lady would be the result.  As a man, you'd have to be pretty sure of yourself to wear this.
Delicate green fruity floral opening, lightly powdery. Sweet, powdery, and restrained. Rose and patchouli in elegant harmony - old fashioned scent. Reminds me of lilac. Eastern Orthodox church incense. Sophisticated but grounded - mature. It's lightness and elegance brings Japanese perfume to mind. As it dries down the incense comes more to the fore with a bit of a dirty, earthy note (like a centuries old Buddhist temple) in the background. Dries down after a couple of hours to a pale, earthy floral.
Great take on rose. Took me a couple of wears to appreciate it. Smells like the Indian 'paan'. Wish it was cheaper. 
I'm a fan of this one. One of my favorites from the Malle line. Fantastic, musty, sweet, powdery rose, done as an approachable unisex perfume, with good performance.
Portrait of a Lady is the first Frederic Malle I've tried and a rose seemed like a fitting way to introduce me to line---POAL is a very nice fresh rose with patchouli and cinnamon. It's slightly fruity, as well, though not with, say, the same sweet jammyness of Rose Flash or other sweeter rose fragrances.  It leans further to the fresh and slightly spicy, rather.

To me, it's very good but not great; a like but not a love.  But I imagine this largely depends on individual body chemistry.  I wouldn't argue that POAL is very unique or special, but it walks the unisex line very effectively, as this could be surely flattering on both a man and woman.

Projection and longevity are both decent, but at $250 for 50ml and $365 for 100ml, I can't imagine opting for this.  There are many cheaper, better rose options that I would recommend first (Rose Flash, Une Rose de Kandahar, even Noir de Noir or Cafe Rose).  Still, some might find it to be much more pleasant than the other so I think it's worth trying.

7 out of 10
oh...this is good. Really good. 

I'm in trouble. I never knew rose could be so violently complex yet so sweet and comforting. It is the whole rose composed, thorns and all. I feel its sting, yet the velvety smooth petals bring me so much joy. This is the BDSM of fragrance. 

The blending of the patchouli is a dance of push and pull - like a sensual mating dance. The rose plays hide-and-seek with the patchouli and it's a mystery as to when and why one appears and one doesn't. 

The sandalwood lays low, but it not quite demure. It makes me smile even as I type this review. It's a lovely balance. Perfect. 

Certainly, this is an expensive fragrance, but one that is most worthy of a full bottle. 
The core note is the rose, a medium-dark but neither heavy nor overly brooding rose on my skin.  It is if high quality and very convincing.  

Still in the opening ohase an gently peppery incense note is added, and this now is like a dark cloud mixing with the as such very balanced rose, but on me this is still not overwhelmingly dark but retains an admirable balance of lightness, richness and depth. Furthermore, a restrained cinnamon together with a forest berry mix - blackcurrant mainly - provides a fruity undertone, not sweet but resulting in a lovely twist.   A classic balance, whilst maintaining a good structure.  This is a great rose-centred delight.

As gas as the base is concerned, it does not keep up with the sophisticated and complex first half of this creation. More linear, flatter and mainly an ambroxan impression with a generic light musk and a somewhat pedestrian soft patchouli added in. Fortunately the components of the earlier phase spill over into the base at times, such as to make it more interesting.  I do not get any wood note worth mentioning. 

The performance is very good with moderate sillage, good projection and eight hours of longevity. 

My conclusion is that this had the potential to become a truly great creation that has been downgraded by its second-rate base notes, but overall it still warrants a positive score.  Great in spring or on warmer autumn days.  3.5/5
First of all: kudos to Dominique Ropion for creating this masterful rose scent. Its absolutely beautiful and very powerful. While I don't see any comparison with the perfumes noted above, if I had to compare it to another scent I'd say it's like Cruel Intentions by Kilian on steroids. As a side note: when I first tried out the FM line, I hoped to fall in love with Ellena's poetic contributions - ironically I ended up falling for the "not so subtle" PoaL.

While I am not a huge fan of the opening, once the initial incense blast dies down the rose and incense find a perfect balance. From this point on until the morning after (if you wish - this one has beastly performance) a fruity rose dances with incense and patchouli in perfect harmony. I find this scent very attractive which surprises me as I usually shy away from rose centred fragrances. If I had to make an educated guess I'd attribute the appeal of PoaL to the berry accord and masterful blending.
Salutation.

Portrait of a femme fatale.this is one of the most amazing and magnificent niche scents that i've ever come across.this fragrance is a head turner.it leaves a sensual aroma when you leave a room.it is such a sexy but yet cool enough scent it makes you feel attractive instantly.this scent is special so it may not be very suitable for everyone it is unique, haunting in its strength and complexity. in other word Sophisticated,Smoky, Expensive,Laudable,Classy, Dark,Rich,Gorgeous and Voluptuous.

The scent blends a variety of powerful elements, strong and passionate top notes of rose,cinnamon and black currant mix with incense and bove all patchouli,closing with earthy,sensual yet subtle base notes of amber,musk and woody notes.the composition is is thoroughly charming in its ability to be worn at the special occasion.PORTRAIT OF A LADY is not absolutely feminine but You can't wear this fragrance without feeling very brave and at least a little sexy.perfect for autumn/winter.Definitely try it on before purchase.

Sillage?Superb.

Longevity?Lasts and lasts.

7.5/10
"Her nature had, in her conceit, a certain garden-like quality, a suggestion of perfume and murmuring boughs, of shady bowers and lengthening vistas, which made her feel that introspection was, after all, an exercise in the open air, and that a visit to the recesses of one's spirit was harmless when one returned from it with a lapful of roses." Henry James, Portrait of a Lady

This quote from the novel that inspired this perfume describes it perfectly. Isabelle Archer, the prototypical Sagittarius, is willful, proud, intellectual, adventurous, lucky and drawn to the exotic. This perfume smells like what she would wear, confident projection, rich with Turkish rose absolute, a heart of dark patchouli, smelling of spice and incense, and admirably tenacious.

Since my husband wears Geranium Pour Monsieur, every time I spoke to a Frederic Malle associate, I was urged to try this. Like the heroine herself, I resisted the obvious best choice until the very end. On paper, it just didn't do anything for me. I knew so many men wore it, that I didn't even want to try it on. It sounded like some old drag queen, campy (camphoraceous), throaty and LOUD. But when I finally tried it on, I was pleasantly surprised to find my skin showed a strong raspberry note with a dry dusty leather, the golden glow of rose without being grandma rose, and a realistic impression of incense like classic agarbatti. Although so many people wear this perfume, I feel like it is my own, and I will finally get a full bottle. I love Dominic Ropion's work for this line, including Une Fleur de Cassie and the new Cologne Indelible, so it makes sense I would finally come around to this scent.

I imagine there is not one perfume I would (likely) not adore that is designed & manufactured by Frederic Malle.  I'm on another quest to expand my limited "signature" and "go to" fragrances, Frederic Malle Musc Ravageur and Acqua di Parma Magnolia Nobile (to name my favorite two).  I like incense, I like vintage rose, I like musk, I like patchouli; however as I've often noted, I do not like solo scents or linear fragrances one little bit.  I prefer dark, moody, complex fragrances with a few precious notes that play on my skin and favor my nose (and others' noses, especially my husband's).

IMHO, this potion is about as perfect as the above mentioned notes can get.  Definitely the Holy Grail of a rose-incense-patchouli-wood-musk fragrance.  Diamond flame said it well: a lush rose opening obscured in a cloud of incense and smoke with an under current of black currants.

Lush, luxurious, rich, enigmatic, fragrant, delightful, passionate, complex, sexy.  What more can I say??? Like all FM perfumes, silage is divine and longevity is great.

I LOVE this stuff!  So why am I having trouble justifying $395.00 for a 3.5 ml flacon?  I'll make it last, I swear I will!!  Ugggghhhh...seems like such an indulgence.  One of my VERY FEW vices...expensive niche perfumes.

I am going to try Ex Idolo "Thirty-Three" before I purchase this fragrance.  Thirty-three has recently been compared by some as a "less expensive" PoaL.   Waiting for my sample to arrive.  I'll be pleasantly surprised if it does; however, I sincerely doubt anything compares to this divine delight.  Seems to me NOTHING can hold a candle to this stuff.

Thanks, Frederic Malle.
Genre: Chypre

Let’s start with the name. “Portrait of A Lady” has to be the most outrageous fragrance misnomer since Exceptional launched its non-descript and deadly dull eponymous sports fragrance for men in 2008. If ever a fragrance broadcast “UNISEX” on application, this is it. Heck, had Malle offered it as say, “Black Stallion,” it might have done well as a masculine. First the porn star-worthy “Thunderwood,” now this…someone needs to talk to marketing.

Portrait of a Lady actually launches on a searing black pepper note that gives Marc Jacobs’s Bang a run for its money. Following soon after are a dark, dry rose, oudh, and a camphoraceous (rather than earthy/sweaty) patchouli note, all supported by a rather stark and austere foundation of wood and frankincense. I see a conceptual relationship between Portrait of a Lady and the peppery-woody-incense rose of Caron’s Parfum Sacré, but the Malle is far less plush and comfortable. There are also parallels with some of the Montale oudh scents, including Black Aoud, which shares also leans on rose, oudh, and patchouli, and with Juliet Has a Gun’s softer and more recent Lady Vengeance. 

Portrait of a Lady’s somewhat surprising drydown distinguishes it from any of these predecessors. Rather than the expected balsamic woody-oriental base notes, Portrait of a Lady settles on a relatively hard-edged, dry accord of oudh, woods, and a proudly synthetic-smelling clean musk vaguely reminds me of Malle’s Geranium pour Monsieur. (Also by Ropion.) My only complaint, based on a single wearing, is that like Geranium pour Monsieur, Portrait of a Lady segues into its drydown early and abruptly. I would enjoy the scent more if the rose, oudh, pepper, and patchouli accord of the middle section lasted for more than a half an hour. When I can manage them, additional wearings may yield a different experience. Even so, I consider Portrait of a Lady well worth trying – for ladies and gentlemen alike!

No rose by any other name is beautifully haunting and longing like Portrait of a Lady. Am still debating whether i as a grown man can confidently pull it off though..... 
Romantic, assertive, tormented and decadent. Probably one of my favorite (few) masterpieces around and my most appreciated from this brand for sure. The combination of complex (multi nuanced) spicy/fruity/vegetal/humid rose absolute, royal patchouli, faint woody resins and frankincense is romantic, decadent, Victorian and poetic. You can detect the pungency from raspberries (pushing up as a vegetal leverage the rosey intensity) by soon together with luxurious oily citrus (classic "neo-cologney" bergamot), sweet (piquant) spices and pepper. The first blast is indeed misty (more than vaguely prickly), rosey, barely medicinal, spicy/fruity, leafy/earthy and slightly resinous. The vintage/baroque parisian elegant soul of the fragrance starts soon to emerge as soon as the rosey patchouli (a la Histoires de Parfums- mostly  Rosam- in common incense, spices, oud, patchouli, rose etc etc, even if Rosam is less fruity--and with some Noir Patchouli's nuances) takes "musically" the stage surrounded by multitudinous nuances (spicy, incensey, ambery and fruity). The more the development blooms up the more I detect the smooth ambery/blackcurrant/red berries fruity influence and the dominant Queen Rose in a finally thinned spicy mist. The "Palatin" dry down (softly rosey, silky and almost powdery) is exactly like a portrait of a romantic lady on the Rive Gauche's side in autumn, a pure musky/spicy/floral chypre perfection, a magic combination of hyper sophisticated nostalgic nuances. 
Pros: A royal combination of aristocratic notes.
Cons: Any"</p>
PS: Malle's POAL (a misty and resinous rose/patchouli) is neither a sharp rosey centered fragrance nor a straight forward rose itself since a misty and dense fruity amber (spicy blackcurrant+ Red berries + amber itself + creamy incense) plays a role of co-protagonist enveloping the floral element (never typically earthy/grassy/botanical) and hints of incensey and woody "resinousity" in a denser art-deco voluptuous embrace while the floral element is more properly catchable in the final part of the trip. Anyway also at the end of journey the rose is yet finally slightly "misty". I detect some Rosam's vibe (misty/resinous rose-patchouli) and in the HDP's one the rose element is effectively more central in the body of a less fruity but almost equally resinous aroma.
Not a portrait but a sketch	Anyone expecting an exotic rose fragrance for women is in for a big disappointment. Portrait of a Lady unveils a beautifully lush rose opening note only to have it cruelly obscured by a cloud of incense and wood smoke. Other than a subtly fruity undercurrent of black currants this is mostly a somber affair, a dark almost smoky resinous take on the rose-patchouli accord with emphasis on the latter. 	A portrait painting in colorful acrylic this is not, more a monochromatic sketch in dusty graphite.  
Heady Ambery Perfume	Its very bad ,I dont like it at all since its very heady  spicy ambery perfume. I dont smell any floral   note at all.The best description for this perfume is " Its YSL M7 Sister "
In the opening I can smell fruity incense mixing in with patchouli followed by a sweet rose. This is a very complex fragrance with a lot of notes coming at you all at once.

Once it settles the rose becomes more prominent and floral but with fruity undertones supporting the rose.

In the basenotes the incense becomes more dominant and the rose note recedes from the spotlight.

What makes this fragrance better than most other similar scents is it's superior execution. It has a symphony of notes that have been carefully orchestrated to bring you a complex and enjoyable olfactory experience. Very well done! 
This is an absolutely amazing rose fragrance that is definitely not bright and cheerful, but lurks more in the darker deeper recesses of the fragrance mind. When I think of Portrait of a Lady I think of that scene in American Beauty where Mena Suvari is lying naked covered in rose petals. It is just that sexy of a rose fragrance and its one of those rare fragrances that makes me feel sexy as well.

I completely agree that it takes a lot of confidence to pull this one off as it will smell very feminine to the majority of people, I often get asked by male friends why I smell like a women's perfume, until they see that women absolutely love it on me as well, haha. 

Definitely agree it is unisex and while I don't personally own it, I love it. As to why, as much as I enjoy this fragrance, I find it absolutely ridiculous on my girlfriend as it smells divine and enticing to me and to her. Therefore it is in her collection and not mine.

I received an amazing compliment from a beautiful woman while wearing this fragrance today. What an unfortunate name for such a middle of the fence, unisex  fragrance. The rose is beautifully blended with incense,sandalwood, patchouli, and cloves. Any well dressed, confident man can pull this fragrance off. If you adore fragrances like Incense Oud or Jubilation XXV, give this one a sniff.
AWESOMEEE!!!!!!
BEST ROSE PERFUME EVERY! ACTUALLY BEST PERFUME ENTIRELY!!
I MEAN DAMNN what a beautiful turkish rose, then there is frankinscence and a little oud
oh yes and patchouli
after like 5-6 hours i get less hints of it on myself but i cant believe it that the entire is actually packed with it
even after like a day people within 10-20 yards go crazy smelling it
Why does Dominique Ropion have such a hold over my nose? I am afraid to try out too many of his fragrances, because it seems that after one sniff I always end up obsessing over his creation until I buy a full bottle. I can't afford to do this.

Anyhow, as soon as I smelled it, I knew. This was the rose I was looking for. Dark, sweet, sexy. The patchouli and sandalwood give it heft, and the hint of spice and incense keep it compulsively sniffable. 1-2 sprays will do you, and for hours and hours, too.
5/5 - I haven't taken the time to review a fragrance in quite a long time, but I felt I needed to add one for PoaL. This is probably the finest in the Malle lineup, rivaling Vetiver Extraordinaire, another D. Ropion composition. 

What makes it so brilliant is that the longevity is incredible and the sillage is just perfect. It is rose, spice, woods and oud in perfect harmony - never too synthetic or brash, just perfect. A little goes a VERY long way. I'm rather shocked that someone could find the longevity lacking, as 30 hours and a thorough shower didn't rid me of its sublime dry-down.

This, along with Creed's vintage formulation of Fleur de The Rose Bulgare, are the finest, most perfect rose fragrances ever (sorry Nahema, Rose 31, DC 1913, etc. etc.!)
This scent reminds me of Agent Provocatuer in its smoky, musky, slightly dirty rose. 

POAL is more refined and more sophisticated, shines a little brighter and is softer around the edges. If these two were related, AP would be the evil twin.

The berry top notes give the scent a dewy innocence, taken over by a mysterious incense, and finished with a musky woodiness. 

Ropion has portrayed women of all ages in a bottle which manages to be both youthful and mature at the same time.

The top notes don't last for more than an hour on my skin (wimpers), I guess this is like childhood; short and sweet.

A very enjoyable fragrance all round and hopefully will one day find a place on my dresser :)



Malle talks about a balance of excessive elements for this one – and he's right. However, despite the balance, the final result remains a bit busty and thrusting, due to the power of the notes. 
It opens with a hypnotic liquerish-intensity reminiscent of the opening of No 88. The rose is top notch and assertive, the patchouli, on the other hand, is buffed to a beautiful smoothness, not some feral hippy beast. The incense, sandal and spices, provide structure, but without distracting us from the patchouli-rose romance. It does have a powerhouse fresh musk propelling the whole thing forward, but also introducing a monotonous element to what is otherwise a pretty splendid creation. Some have identified it as ambroxan and that may well be the case having tried JHAG's Not A Perfume. Each time I try it, the intoxicating start urges me to buy it, but an hour or so in, I decide I can live without it after all.  

A truly beautiful rose dominated opening.  A little powder makes it's appearance in short order and you think, "Oh no, here it comes blowing across the open plain like a diaper change dustbowl," but mercifully the powder never gets out of hand.  As POAL dries down it shakes out to a comely slightly powdered rose sitting on musky sandalwood.  The benzoin, cinnamon and frankincense are all restrained enough to keep POAL from slipping into the realm of the brazen oriental.  When the base becomes more evident it veers a little toward unisex but I'm skeptical most men could wear it comfortably; it's pretty feminine.  Classic sophistication in a fragrance.
Sweetly. Sexy.

My heart was racing right out of the gate.  I was already too far in love to recall how to beg for more.  But in a seeming instant she was gone.  She took beauty, she left memories and questions.

Is it really better to have loved and lost than to never have loved at all?  Yes, yes it is, Frederic Malle says so elegantly with this fragrance.  If I could give this six stars I would, but as it stands I can't even give it five because it vanishes too soon.  Had this the sillage of a Montale it would be an all-timer of a sweet, sexy blend of the most masterful seduction.  Its artistry with sweet rose and incense is unmatched.  As with all things so divine, however, I just wish she could've stayed a little longer.
A BIG thumbs up for this five star winner from Ropion that is my new favorite scent overall.  Portrait of a Lady starts with a sublime mixture of rose, incense, wood and a hint of raspberry in the background to support the rose and incense, with patchouli growing through the dry down to mix with the incense as the rose recedes.  It is rather linear, but when the scent smells this good, that is a very good thing, IMO.  The sillage and longevity here are absolutely spectacular (my one spray lasted well over 30 hours at near full strength and sillage on skin) and the scent smells even better from a distance.  As for classification, I don't know why this is marketed as a feminine scent, as I definitely think it is unisex and if someone said it was targeted as a men's scent I would have been far from surprised.  

The only drawback is the cost...  I went on a top Basenotes recommended fragrance testing binge in Vegas, and only put a couple favorites on skin.  Portrait of a Lady won out overall, but when I came back to Barney's to make the purchase it turned out to be $210 for a 50 ml and $300 for 100 ml.  Ouch!  I ended up still buying the 50 ml after thinking it over some more, because it really is that good and unique.  Finally, as people have mentioned in other reviews, this one is potent and one spray will almost assuredly get the job done...  Go easy on the trigger folks!
This is one of the best fragrances I have ever had the pleasure to sniff.  Opens with a dark, sugared floral explosion, rose and piquant berries.  It doesn't dry down so much as bloom... the base of aromatic woods and incenses slowly emerging through currant, clove, and cinnamon to take center stage.  It is masterfully blended; the rose does not dominate, but contributes a velvety dark red sheen to a perfectly unisex woody oriental.  It projects like an opera singer and lasts for days.  For those who prefer the berry and rose (the most beautiful, and more feminine, part of the perfume's development) to last longer, I would suggest trying the body butter.

Portrait of a Lady is, in my opinion, the finest scent from FM and unequivocally a masterpiece.
I love this. I am a huge fan of Rose Absolut, Patchouli and Sandalwood. The Sandalwood and Patchouli alone are wonderful, but the Rose cuts the headiness and gives it that dry sweetness. A nice complement to each other. Opening notes are delightful and the drydown is fabulous ... that's where the rose really shines. 

The heart gets a little weird (cloves and Ambroxan), but over all very nice. 

I suppose the Ambroxan is what is making that "faux ambre" note I'm sensing in the heart. I don't care for anything synthetic, most especially when it's trying to copy something real ... but MUCH better and more PC than real Ambergris, for sure! (I don't mind aldehydes, but they're not trying to be something they're not!) I can also do without the clove (reminds me of the dentist). Definitely unisex, as most Malle frags are. Opening and drydown are my favorites. 

VERY powerful scent and I mean that a little goes a LONG way. Let's just say, a bottle of this could last several lifetimes! ;)

(I don't know why people spray on a load and then complain when it's too heavy. ANYTHING ... with Patchouli in it ... ALWAYS use caution, at least, at first!)
A sublime rose/incense/woody scent that is masterfully blended. The name is a misnomer since this really works as a dark rose masculine. Fragrant, intense, one of a kind, heady outtake from this very discriminating niche-house.

A++++
a beautiful complex rose perfume
definitely unisex veering towards the masculine

i smell evidences Parfum Sacre as others here have commented once in a while

though a more constant resemblance for me for the drydown is alexander mcqueen's Kingdom Summer/limited edition.. though the mcqueen is far warmer on me and harder to wear especially in hot weather
Beautiful beyond words. A huge mesmerizing tower. PoL Opens with a breeze of currants and berries then a breathtaking rose that is so big is it difficult to perceive, on top bone dry incense/patchouli and oudh Words cannot convey the majesty of this fragrance. Could be worn by anyone except a wallflower. This is my current top pick out of my entire wardrobe.
Don't let the name misleading you, Portrait Of a Lady is a perfect unisex fragrance. Despite the fact oud is not listed between the notes I get a consistent dose of it together with pepper and, obviously, rose. In the opening, the pepper/rose accord brings to my mind of a sort of Parfum Sacre without civet, but then incense and oud make their appearance giving Portrait Of A lady a different twist. Patchouli and spices add extra depth to this solid composition. Amazing drydown.

A master composition that If you're into bold and spicy rose fragrances you'll surely dig.

I am going to have to try this again because my 2 samplings of this have produced little love so far. 
Intially though this is what I think- it is a blast of patchouli ,woods and incense. The rose is not fore front for me at all . It's dark but verging more on the masculine side of scent offerings. Will try again. 

Edit : My third sampling of this . Now I appreciate this scent. However the rose patchouli  / rose  - oud combo is getting very boring and tiring. It is a gorgeous classic combination in truth and fairness but there are quite a few of these perfumes out there,  to choose from. I prefer Portrait Of A Lady to Lumiere Noire by MFK though. Much more subtle but a lasting scent. 

An Amazing rose scent, the incense gives it that kick, that's lacking in Le Labo Rose 31....so far this is my favorite Rose scent, and easily my most complemented. 
Love it!  Bought it retail!  Started out only liking it, though.  But I couldn't get it off of my mind.  A lot of my fave frags start out this way (Homage, Lyric, Gold, Black Tourmaline, Black Aoud).  I love rose+ incense+ patch frags.  There are a lot of them out there which is why this may not be considered groundbreaking.  Indeed it isn't.  But, this frag is a welcome addition to my wardrobe.  I noticed that a 1ml sample isnt the best way to introduce oneself to this frag.  You need to spray a liberal dose to really appreciate it and on fabric, the bouquet lasts forever in all its richness.  It is androgynous in a way that blends masc and fem elements, as opposed to the type of androgyny that is characterized by the void of either.  I have tried most of Malle's perfumes and found them to be "soulless" as one basenoter mentioned (with the exception of Portrait and Carnal Flower).  By soulless I mean clinical.  POAL and Carnal Flower, on the other hand have soul, but very different souls.  In POAL, the incense, the raspberry jam, the rose, and the patchouli combine and stay pretty linear all through the drydown which is something that usually bores me.  Not so with POAL.  The rose is not overbearing, either.  It peeks through the incesnse and patch.  The patchouli molecule used lacks the mushroomy, mildewy, too-much-wet-earth smell that makes patch sometimes overbearing.  This patch molecule has been likened to Chanel's Coromandel and it is true.  Although, dont get me wrong, sometimes I am in the mood for that overturned wormy earth smell.  However, in Poal you don't get that.  The patch is elegant and it does't make me uptight at the office.  This is a good office frag and maybe that is one reason I like it so much.  Some of my other rose + incense/patch/oud scents get me in trouble at work (as in getting a talking to because someone complained).  Not so with this one.  So, while others consider this frag redundant, unoriginal, and derivative, POAL to me is perfect.  Holy grails are interesting that way.  
I'm really, really loving this.  But I am a huge fan of Caron's Pour Une femme Parfum, and this is very similar.  Both are an incense rose fragrances with a patchouli/amber/mush dry down; and both are too beautiful too describe.

I was so so about the opening, which only lasts a few minutes.  It then jumped into a green rose on me, similar to a 60's themed chartreause color.  As it transitions to the drydown I get an increasing incense note with a creeping sweetness.  OK, I"ve only worn it for four hours now, but as long as the benzoin is held at bay I'll be very happy.  

I have to say this will probably go down as one of my favorite perfumes ever, although it is so similar to Une Femme Parfum that I may not need to buy it.  
When I first tried this, I was utterly bowled over. I saw a massive, Middle Eastern rose shimmering before me and my heart was captured. Since then, I've been trying to poke holes in its petals with my critical daggers, but I'm pleased to say that I have had very little success. Some might find it a touch too linear, but I'd suggest that its subtle, unobtrusive development is a testament to Ropion's brilliance. At first, it does appear to present nothing but rose, rose and more rose, but a closer inspection reveals several other aspects worthy of appreciation, not least a warm cinnamon at the start, a note-perfect, ecclesiastical frankincense in the middle and a smooth, oud-inflected, musky-patchouli woodiness in the base. Others may complain that the drydown goes on for far too long, but this would just be nit-picking. A few people might even raise objections about the irrelevance of the Henry James reference, and they may well have a point, but if you're going to start playing the lit crit game with perfume, then it would be equally easy to read the name as Malle's ironic assertion that the modern Isabel Archer wears an abaya and lives in Abu Dhabi.

Silence the naysayers. Whether you're a man or a woman, try this astonishing new release and let yourself be transported to an empty church in a country where Christianity and Arabic culture happily exist side by side, a place like, say, Lebanon or Syria. The outside world is locked away behind heavy doors. The lights are low. The silence is complete. You sit down and see a polished, brass censer hanging from the ceiling. Emerging from the holes in its lid is a heavy, scarlet smoke, cascading to the ground like endless ribbons of iridescent fabric. Close your eyes and just wait. Before too long, you'll be enveloped by the magic and completely trapped in its heady, floral spell.
Never in my experience I had smelled such an opulent rose in a perfume...

The opening is mastodontic and immediately you can feel the theme is about ROSE:
it has a huge presence and the concentration is stunning.
The rose essential oil in the opening is quiet important as much as the small red-fruits notes bringing a sparkling and buzzing effect! The spices take radiance and introduce her majesty the Turkish rose absolute that quickly takes his position in this magnificent composition! I had a coconut feeling that perfectly fit into the composition making it less serious and more modern.
The base is quiet similar to "Geranium Pour Monsieur"  with incese-benzoin-ambrettolide-tonalide, a lower concentration of Sandalwood, Ambroxan  and a strong dosage of pachulol to compensate the rose absolute: there is no mushroom-wet soil aspect that normally pachouli brings in such an higher dosage!
I don't use rose perfumes but for this I can make an exception: fantastique!

London is one of my favorite formulations of the sweet tobacco fragrance.  With a sharp opening of citrus, cinnamon, and pepper, it is anchored by the tobacco, leather, and an indistinct sweetness, perhaps vanilla or the guaiac wood.   It sweetens and mellows in the dry down but maintains the same character (spicy, sweet tobacco) throughout its lifespan.

It is primarily a cold weather scent, but works well from day to night, given that it's not seductive enough to be for the night nor fresh enough to be for the day, strictly.  And while it is pungent, it's no so overpowering that it might not be able to work in the summer, but it's certainly more a mainstay in the winter.  Some reviewers offer that it reminds them of Christmas and winter holidays, and while it certainly works for special occasions, it's still quite versatile.

London has great projection and longevity (I get 8+ hours) for an EDT and is very affordable at under $30 for 50ml, slightly over $30 for 100ml.  This strikes me as a departure from most of Burberry's fragrances, of which I'm rarely a fan.

This needs to be tried by those who haven't, especially given how easy it is to own a bottle.

8 out of 10
Despite I highly respect their fashion side, I’ve never really been a fan of Burberry fragrances. London and Touch are basically the only ones I consider worth trying and/or having, and especially London. I am much of a fan of Antoine Maisondieu, and if you like him too, London is surely one not to miss. The notes may seem “conventional”, but the result is well distinctive and peculiar. It opens with a really nice and sophisticated sort of crisp, greenish, herbal tobacco accord rounded by a fantastic and really recognizable note of mimosa (that sort of warm “pollen” feel), and an equally unusual frame of notes ranging from slightly honeyed-fruity, to ambery (“ambroxan-ish”, actually), resinous-sweet and slightly floral, all topped with a sprinkle of spices; quite complex if you ask me, but it works just perfectly. Leather is listed, but you’ll have to dig for it, and it’s the usual sort of contemporary leather – subtle, clean, “polished” leather. Shortly it’s a sort of thin, quite discreet and really clean “contemporary herbal-Oriental” scent revolving around tobacco with a sprinkle of color around it - from greenish, to spicy, to that fruiy-resinous-floral stuff. It has a sort of  “niche” vibe, it smells creative and quite different from the usual mainstream paths, and the quality seems really good to my nose. The evolution is funny; the opening is quite bold and intriguing, then it looks like disappearing from your skin for a while, then it “arises” back again with a persistent and cozy drydown mostly comprising tobacco, leather and dusty-incense amber, still with a “manly” floral-honeyed nuance. Worth having for me; it isn’t a masterpiece but it smells good, classy, distinctive, rather “young” (in a positive meaning), much discreet but with a solid sillage, “contemporary” and with that sort of transparent, crisp cleanness that characterizes Maisondieu’s style. Well worth the cheap price.

7,5/10

This is the only Burberry I could wear thanks in part to Antoine Maisondieu. A great perfumer does a competent and memorable perfume for a less than average designer house. A bit thin and bare at times but you can see some great DNA and pre-structure elements in it from such other compositions as CdG's Black, Tom Ford's Velvet Orchid, and ELd'O's Vraie Blonde. The general public could do a LOT worse.
Burberry London is my go to office scent from November through February.   As others have stated, BL is an excellent choice for the Christmas holidays, but I wear it throughout the colder and rainy months in the southern United States.  I wouldn't consider it for a hot or summery day, simply because the scent does evoke a holiday or winter feel.

To me the scent seems very pine - herbal centric, with excellent longevity and mild projection.  I always get compliments and questions about my fragrance when I wear it and keep it in my rotation in the Fall-Winter season.
Light, warm, spicy scent...

Burberry London comes across as a light, spicy, oriental scent that if perfect for a gentleman. It has all the characteristics of a "serious" or refined masculine fragrance.

I like it. I also like that it's inspired by a city which I live in (London). Although I think this better represents someone's "idea" of London rather than the city itself. Like an old gentlemen's club. It's boozy, spicy, smoky etc. Like the classic Burberry winter coats, this feels like a cold weather, very English kind of scent.

It opens with a crisp, aromatic mix of port wine, cinnamon leaf and lavender. It's spicy and cooling at the same time, before an aromatic warmth starts to shine through. The guaiac wood makes an appearance and gives it a nice touch. I really like it. I think the leather and tobacco combination is what is special here... and it's what gives it the "old English gentlemen's club" vibe. I also think that this one is a great winter scent. Really great for Spring and Autumn too. I guess this could also be worn on summer nights, but never in the heat of day in my opinion. I think a lot of people would pick up on the autumnal vibe here in the sense that it smells like the trees and leaves smell when the weather starts to get cooler. This also reminds me of the smell of "mulled wine" around Christmas. With the herbs & spices and the boozy aroma. I think this would be great worn at that time. In terms of gender, although this is has a classic "gentleman" vibe, I suspect a daring type of woman could also wear this, and it's light enough not to offend anyone in any situation, as it's very warm and cosy (very lovable). It's an all round great choice for Spring, Autumn, and Winter. I recommend it mostly for those months.
Very nice.

On the opening there was some pine and almost like a mulled wine note, there's also some cherry coke in there too, together with a slight herbal tinge.

After drying down I have a very nice marzipan mixed with a little honey and the tiniest hint of cinnamon spiced apples.

Sillage is a little low, it's more of a skin scent, but it is great.

Perfect winter and christmas scent.
While I do think this one can stand on its own as simply a very nice fragrance in general, it really does live up to its common "Christmas In A Bottle" nickname/description.  So fitting for that season, yet so much more dignified than the themed necktie.  I have to admit, while I find myself wanting to wear it, I almost feel like I'm jumping to gun to put it on too early before the Christmas season - like when the Christmas marketing starts around Halloween or Thanksgiving and people (rightly so) shake their heads, that's the hesitation I feel with this one, though I should offer that I think that's just me and something in my head.

I'd just like to add, for anyone who had sensitivity to pine needles....  I've always found that being around pine trees tends to give me headaches and sometimes makes me sneeze.  I have yet to experience that aversion to a pine note in a fragrance/cologne.  So for anyone with similar sensitivities who might therefore be inclined to dismiss any fragrance with a pine note, I'd offer that they're actually among my favorites despite my sensitivity to real pine, I experience no aversion, and I'd humbly recommend that while caution makes sense, by all means go to a store and at least give it a sniff on a piece of paper.  You may find that, like myself, you were unnecessarily depriving yourself of some fragrances that you'll really enjoy.
What would I do without London in autumn/winter/christmas time? Honestly, I don't know any fragrance that conveys the feeling of cold and wet weather better than this one. I would never wear this in spring and summer. It's a winter scent, maybe the best. Even though it's quite cheap, nobody seems to wear this - at least not in my area. 

It has a sexy and elegant vibe to it, smells like a combo of cherries, pine and leather. Most women absolutely adore it but it's true for what has been mentioned - longevity is rather average, sillage terrible. I sticks 4-5 hours on my skin (which is ok) but after ~30mins, it doesn't really project farther than 20cm from my body (I carry a small sample of it with me most of the time). But those first 30 minutes are so awesome, I just have to like it. Wonderful scent!
Fabulous tobacco and spices fragrance.  In the top 5 of spicy fragrances in the world.
This scent makes u feel like ur walking thru a pine forest... the opening is green and very fresh. It is perfect for spring/summer and is a nice work scent.

Pros: Opening is fresh and not too herbal/grassy

Cons: Longevity. IMHO, I don't get to smell the heart and dry down of this fragrance. It sits too close to my skin and goes un-noticed after the 2 hr mark.
I am taking advantage of the South Florida winter to wear Burberry London. This fragrance is one of my top favorites. It is sophisticated and elegant. The tobacco and lavender notes are exquisite. I put it on in the morning and in the evening I can still smell it. I get lots of compliments when I wear Burberry London.    
Add me to the list of people who say that reminds them of the Thanksgiving/Christmas holidays. This is nearly a signature for me November 1 - December 31/January 1. I honestly wouldn't want to wear it any other time of year.

Unfortunately, I have to agree with everyone regarding the longevity and projection. It's decent for the first half an hour to an hour, but after that it seems to start losing its luster fairly quickly. Can't even detect it after 3 hours unless I sniff my shirt. Maybe others can smell it more on me after that, but I can't. That's a disappointment, but given how wonderful it smells, especially for the purposes I use it for, and how cheaply it can be bought through Fragrancenet the longevity and projection issues are an annoyance I can tolerate.

Tentative thumbs up.
London in December.  That is exactly what this smells like.  Spicy and fruity with some leather to back it all up. Smells wonderful... for about a full 2 hours.  If London lasted longer it would probably be my #2 cologne, however its relegated to certain occasions only because it simply can't be an everyday scent unless you have a 2 gallon jug of the stuff.  
Burberry LondonI have been wearing this cologne for more than a year now maybe 3 times a week. I spray it once on my wrists and spread it around my neck which helps the projection and longevity as opposed to when any cologne is sprayed on clothing. In my opinion, it is a very "loud" scent at the opening so I spray it about half an hour before going out because I fear it may be obnoxious for some people. That being said, I have gotten many compliments and the word that is most used to describe it is spicy. I prefer to wear scents to where people can smell them while being a two feet away from me.I don't want to go into the individual notes because that information is already available. For me, Burberry London gives me exactly what I want. The spiciness catches peoples attention and the projection simmers down to a point where I can be confident that the fragrance isn't disturbing everyone around me.If you want everyone to notice how good you smell, you're going to have to spray it within 10 minutes of seeing your target audience. If you want to wear a good cologne that you can call you own, gives you confidence, and isn't too invasive on the nostrils, Burberry London is a good choice.Pros: Makes a statementCons: May be too strong for some people"
review by stefly321	Bought this as a blind buy and agree that it does have a pipe tobacco and wine sort of smell. Would be best used in colder months. After the drydown it is quite pleasant and longevity is pretty good. 
I'm not really sure what to think about all the longevity and projection issues.

For me, it last just as long as other fragrances and I get wiffs of it throughout the day, so I think the projection and longevity is as good as any other fragrance if not better.

as far as the scent goes. Very unique, awesome cold weather fragrance. Only issue is that its probably not the best thing to wear in warm climates but I absolutely love the scent.


I really like this one.  It smells like Christmas...Evergreen tree, spices, There is no pine listed but it does smell like it.  Trouble is, like others have noted, there is little longevity.
Burberry London immediately grabs you with its combination of sweet port wine, cinnamon and nutmeg spice, and its starring dark guaiac wood and tobacco duo that is quite sweet and moist like the tobacco came out of a newly unsealed pipe tobacco pouch and placed in a fine pipe.  Projection is average and longevity above average. 

While Burberry London for Men's composition is quite sound and is often associated with the smells one encounters on Christmas Day, I find it has been outdone by niche scents like Clive Christian X for Men (albeit at a much, much higher cost) and reasonably priced high-end designer scents like Ropion's great Costume National Homme.  The bottom line is Burberry London for Men is a great value and well-deserving of its "very good" 3.5 star out of 5 rating, but its limited usefulness coupled with other more versatile spicy scents surpassing it has led to it finally being jettisoned from my collection. It's cheap quality sprayer breaking today despite many years of non or one day use must be a sign it is time to move on...
The overall scent makes up for the spotty projection and longevity.  I occasionally get a great wearing from this fragrance, but more times than not I need to apply more within a short time span.  The scent is very unique and fantastic in my opinion.  The tobacco leaf note is the note that stands out for this fragrance.  It's almost like a fruity tobacco scent that is great for the winter.

8.8/10

If a very nice smelling fall potpourri packet married with a tobacco infused cologne you'd have something much like Burberry London. This is neither bash nor compliment. But all in all, I enjoy Burberry London and reach for it far more than I am capable of justifying in words.

Despite smelling of dark and rich spice, this is a rather light scent. Too light really. I find myself wishing it were stronger and my body heat does little to boost the projection. Spray too much and the composition tends to become muddled and unpleasant.

More sensual than sexual, London is reassuring and comforting in nature much like pulling a warm blanket over you in the cold. Absolutely I get the holiday vibe. Cinnamon appears the only culinary note. Despite this I always imagine the odor of confections baking in the kitchen as is often the case on Thanksgiving or Christmas with a hint of the decorated evergreen standing in the living room. Lends itself quite well for casual or office use in fall/winter/spring.

The scent doesn't develop a great deal on my skin throughout its life with the tobacco note coming more and more to the foreground as the other notes die down. From what I've come to understand regarding the scent profile of opponax and having experienced the odor of mimosa blossom, there is a honeyed nature to the fragrance as well. Somewhat vegetal even. I have a hard time putting a finger on any definitive expression of leather within the composition.

I wouldn't imagine I'd ever want to smell like a potpourri air freshener nor baked pies but London earned a place in my heart right away. All the same I reach for it often simply so that I might have the pleasure of relaxing with it on me.

Thumbs up.
up their with gucci pour homme and d&g as far as the best cold weather scents. also dior intense. very smoky and woody. great atributes that lead to the longevity and brilliance of london. projects great and sillage is unimaginable. great also if you are a smoker. top notch stuff from burberry..
Burberry London is an excellent boozy, fruity, spicy fragrance that conjures fall and winter in my mind.  A walk down a city street with leaves drifting to the ground, snow flakes emerging from where it is they hide, stepping into a home with a fire in the hearth. This is one of those fragrances that is Proustian.  Evocative.  I highly recommend it.  It lasts about six hours on my skin, longer in my mind.
Darn good juice.  Tobacco, leather and spices. I envision the most interesting man in the world in a hot tub in Aspen surrounded by tan vixens.  I feel like I should be smoking pheasant in a log cabin when I wear this, but could just as well be sipping champagne on a date outside in the chill air.  The longevity is excellent. I still had this on my clothes 24 hours later.  The projection is pretty darn good.  Love it!
This is the perfect fragrance for damp autumn days - I dont know why but it's specifically wet days rather than cold days that it seems to suit so well - as soon as you put it on you think cherry pipe tobacco,a glass of mulled wine, barbour jackets and walks through pine woods to the pub! 

There is one big problem with this scent though - the longevity is pretty awful, I get a couple of hours maximum which is a shame, and there is no projection at all.
A wonderfully rich and warm traditional men's fragrance (that drives me pleasantly insane)!

Think horseback riding; think a den with lovely old books and the smell of fine cigar.

With the smooth buttery leather and tobacco wafts of London I envision curling up with a partner in a log cabin in front of a fire. I find it very comforting, warm, and sensual. 

This is a classically masculine scent helped by body heat -- the kind of scent I want to nuzzle into on my partner (or wear myself to bring back the memories). 

This is a winter scent for sure, more deep, base, buttery and smooth than Burberry Brit (which I find brighter, spicier, and also adore). 

For me the leather, tobacco, and pepper predominate and that's why I like it so much, although I do find this somewhat complex with the other lighter notes keeping my nose entertained, revitalized and coming back for more. 

It's a traditional kind of sexy that I envision on men looking to be distinguished and worldly (think Tom Selleck, think 'The Most Interesting Man in the World" campaigns) that I think could be worn by both younger or older men, just with the right attitude. 

If you want to make a nouveau art/design scent statement, this is likely not the one.

On me this scent has fine projection and longevity, and I find it so wonderful, that even if it didn't, frankly, I wouldn't care. I would just keep buying more.  

A vehement thumbs up from me!
Perfect frag fragrance for fall.  when I smell this I think of cool/cold damp foggy weather with leaves on the ground, or a thanksgiving day walking through the woods.  Very nice and unique.
unexpensive like all Burberry scents but a small masterpiece with a pleasant drydown that will follow you with the Ladies right down in the groove...
I've had a brief amount of time to sample this one.  Overall, it stands out from many other fragrances and seems very good for the winter.  I would probably give this one at least a 7 or maybe an 8 out of 10.
Great frag!  CRAPPY longevity....  If it lated more than 3 hrs it would rock!  I think then it turns into only a weak leather scent.  On the upside, it is a leather scent to die for.  The leather stays super close to the skin for maybe 1 more hour.  Best if sprayed onto clothes for me.  I can smell it the next day.  I wish I could get a scent of just that leather with a touch of the other notes.  My God!  Burberry make an intense!
London is a spicy, fresh, piney tobacco.  The port wine and cinnamon are fairly clear as well.  But regardless of the notes that may or may not be easily identified by me or anyone that happens to be wearing this fragrance, one thing seems to be clear: This smells of Christmas.  Now I know that's hard to explain, but from my point of view it just reminds me of the family Christmas party.  Spray it on a Christmas card and BOOM, the recipient has that much more holiday spirit.  

I think it could match the Thanksgiving party too.

Whatever, this is a warming fragrance that's perfect cold weather.  Wear it from November to March, unless Spring comes early.
One of my favourite fall/winter scents. The opening is pretty much spice, cinnamon is the big stand out to me. Then it mellows out into a more pine like scent while still retaining that intial spiciness. Some have reviewed it as "Christmas in a bottle". I would tend to agree with them.

Only downside is longevity. This begins to sit very close to the skin after 4 hours for me. Having said that, it isn't an overly pricey fragrance. I will aim to have this in my regular cold weather fragrance rotation.
Burberry London is a very mild fragrance, but the smells are very strong to the nose. Its definately a warmer scent, meant for cold weather. However, its alright during the Fall too.

The top notes are somewhat repulsive to me. If i were to smell the bottle directly, I would find the notes very strong; too strong. However, it's the middle and base notes that make this fragrance. However, some girls find the top notes nice, so maybe its just me.

The base (and middle) notes are the heart of this fragrance is in the base notes. The oriental spice is very captivating. Its warm, best suited for winter. But there's an inconsistency. Sometimes, you smell it, and it seems like its weak; then it almost seems to come back stronger after a few minutes. The projection is a little above average, and longevity is average, 6 or so hours.

I wouldn't recommend this for an beginner fragrance; but if you want to try something new, bold, warm, (and reminds you of christmas), then get this. Its definately on my TRY list, but not for a beginner.
Pines, bergamot and peppers done well! The initial impression gives off a lot of pine.
It's tamed after the 1st 10 minutes and u get this pleasing festive scent. It's a good signature scent. i see it doing well in all seasons other than summer! Very difficult to offend anybody with this one! 
It's to bad it does'nt last long because it's an amazing fragrance. The cinnamon and other spices make this an amazing scent that is my go-to fragrance for fall/winter.
Burberry London for Men by Burberry - Initially, one senses a fresh vibe from the lavender tempered by the bergamot; but this yields quickly to the cinnamon leaves and a dash of black pepper, conjuring up a pleasant, muted, spicy cinnamon note. Off in the distance, one perceives leather pulling this opening to its middle, where the leather becomes resplendent with a floral fruitiness from the mimosa flower and sweet fruitiness from the port wine. This festive heart meanders to the lovely base. This comforting base has a delectable tobacco vibe furnished by tobacco leaf, and an evocative woodiness from the melange of smooth guaiac wood, earthy oakmoss and nutty opoponax. This nicely blended composition cries out for the cold so it may manifest all its glory. The letdown is this well made fragrance only has average longevity and projection.
on my skin i get cinnamon,peppery,leathery goodness with this one ...wouldnt wear when its not cold out tho perfect for fall/winter etc. 
Happy Christmas folks!
Reminds me of fall. when the sky is cloudy. You're walking in a big jungle with so many pine trees in it! The rain starts and great pine tree's scent …..
Very natural scent that take me out of this world!
I only wear this fragrance when I'm alone at home and want to enjoy a magical fragrance! 
The only problem with this fragrance is it's projection and longevity.
Last for only one hour on my skin but this is a special hour in my day!
Well done Burberry.
Lovely stuff. One of the most pleasantly smelling fragrances I've smelled.
Had heard rave reviews about it.This was a blind buy and boy...I am glad I bought it.I love this edt.There is something special about this perfume which guarantees positive remarks from this scent.Port wine,tobacco,mimosa flower,bergamot and leather are the prominent scents which comes out of this wonderful fragrance.Tobacco on the dry down is icing on the cake.This is a refined fragrance which is best suited for formal evenings and a romantic date.Guys expecting on your face,straight fresh aquatic notes may be disappointed.This is a spicy oriental fragrance for people who want to feel confident and sophisticated.You are assured of getting positive comments from the opposite sex.
Another point which goes in its favor is that its a very safe buy.Not many people will hate it bcoz its a very pleasant scent.
Try visualizing Sean Connery,Pierce Brosnan,George Clooney or Brad Pitt wearing this fragrance.Thats what we are talking about.Pure sophistication.
My all time favorite fragrance.Hands down.
I own London, Brit, and the Beat. Of the 3, London is by far my favorite. Burberry is very good at making all their colognes different from each other. London reminds me of the holidays. A lot of people say that it smells like Christmas and I agree. It would be perfect to wear on a cold winter day with a button up shirt underneath a warm jacket, walking through a snow covered park. The projection stays pretty close to the skin and longevity is around 5-6 hours. It smells mature and classy. It almost exudes elegance. This is a good casual wear and date scent best reserved for winter/fall. I couldn't imagine sporting this cologne while walking down the Waikiki stip wearing shorts, a t-shirt, and sandals...that's what Acqua Di Gio is for ;)

Great scent!

Ideal for fall or winter but to be honest this fragrance may actually smell good on certain people no matter what the climate! My professor was wearing this in 90deg heat and it somehow worked!

Definately in my top 3 of scents. Perfect for cooler weather. Highly recommended if you're tired of the typical leather scents or gourmands that tend to dominate the senses once the cold weather hits.


Burberry London, as with all my purchases was a blind buy. I guess I just like the excitement of not knowing what I'm going to get. Then, that initial first sniff, that warrants a scent a worthy place on my shelf or thrown in the drawer for "dire emergencies".

This one, this one was a winner for sure, right from the get-go! I've never been as initially happy with any aftershave. And I don't buy aftershaves based on what notes I like, I don't break the scent down noticing the aroma and texture and other such stuff. I am, in short not a connoisseur. I just sniff it, and if it smells good I stick with it. 
But this I'm sure, would please just about anyone. Right from the average joe's all through to the real aficionados.

The name "Burberry" I must say did put me off until I read some reviews which put my mind at ease. I was expecting some, lager soaked, cigarette strewn council house with some Lynx thrown in to cover up, kinda smell. "London" put me off also, I'm a countryside boy. Not big into these hustling bustling cities.
Thankfully my assumption couldn't have been more wrong! 
It's a comforting, warm, cosy type smell. In a word "Cuddly". Especially fit for the colder months when you and a lady friend are getting settled down in front of the fire, with a cup of hot chocolate, while it rains outside.
This in my book is what aftershave's are all about. Yea, you smell good. But it's one of those that can quite easily create and capture a moment/period in your life. 
Something you can revisit years later and it'll take you straight back. After all, the sense of smell is the sense most closely linked to memory.
Top 5 without doubt!
I was eager to test Burberry London for Men as a potential purchase for my boyfriend, who is a rather heavy smoker. Unfortunately this fragrance didn't suit him, however I am quite captivated by the scent.

Burberry London smells like the ideal man to me. Masculine, strong, fierce and sophisticated. 

This fragrance is certainly spicy, but not in a nose-burning, Indian cuisine type sense. It's more peppery and herbaceous. 

In the opening, the violet leaf, lavendar and bergamot create a somewhat soothing and aromatic quality, however the pepper note insists on making this fragrance masculine and strong. 

The introduction of mimose in the heart is actually really unique in the way that it adds a little sweetness along with the smooth yet sexual scent of leather. Despite the sweetness, Burberry London has rugged appeal.

Although I am not a smoker myself, the scent of tobacco puts me at ease. I love the way my boyfriend smells; like smokey tobacco, mint-flavoured chewing gum, musty clothes and fruit-scented hair gel. The drydown in a way reminds me of him. It has a very smokey, musty and woodsy quality that I wouldn't mind wearing myself.

With that being said, although Burberry London is essentially a very masculine fragrance, a woman could perhaps succeed in wearing it. It would take the right kind of woman however.


Dip mild tobacco leaves in vanilla and cinnamon, store them in an aromatic cedar chest, and you've got Burberry London.  I find it works best as a "surface spray," arms, neck, etc.  As a chest spray, it gets a bit sickly sweet on me over time.  Still, it's beautiful stuff. 
Simply awesome.

Incredibly great scent, but with median sillage and longevity.

But it's still strong in my all time top 10 
From the first sniff, I was infatuated with this fragrance.  When I spray it on my neck, I find myself trying to turn my head quickly so it wafts up my nose.  

The port wine in this is refined and rich, and the tobacco is dark.  When I wear this on a cold night, it heightens my experience, like lighting a fire in the fireplace or wearing a warm trenchcoat.  

The only problem with this fragrance is that it doesn't last long, though my girlfriend can still smell it on me when I no longer can.  

Definitely in my winter/autumn rotation.
Didn't care for this when I did my first review on this. After owning a bottle I can see why so many members recommend this. One of the few fragrances that less experienced noses can enjoy along with the more critical noses. It does have a downside which is longevity and this is really something that Burberry dropped the ball on. An extreme or intense version would put this in holy grail territory for many a fragrance lover.
Really, really enjoying this right now. Were it not for its longevity (which is substandard, even by popular designer standards), this would be a 5 star scent in my book. Recommended try at the least.
Burberry London is currently my no.1 favorite, so far the only fragrance that has no fault to my nose, the only weakness is longevity, but that's okay, just wish it stays longer on my skin. Granted that I'm new at fragrance, and the number of fragrances I've tried are far too small for afficionados here, but I can smell quality when I sniff it. 
Masculine, sophisticated, mature and calm, the other frag with this impression that I can think of is John Varvatos, which I also love, but its much more meak down in the progression, and while longevity wise it's about the same, the dry down is all sweet vanilla on me, so I was very disappointed every time the basenotes starts to fade. 
Burberry London really is the opposite, the progression from the first top notes (which to my newbie nose keep smells like avocado) really takes you on a journey, just enough sweetness, complexity and balance, to a satisfying end on a very cozy place. Every time I try to imagine what the smell makes me think of, I keep seeing myself being out at night with friends in a small, smoky, crowded yet very cozy friendly bar with the list of music such as coltrane, duke ellington & johnny hartman playing and you keep enjoying yourself until you realize its 1.30 past midnight and it would be disappointing to end this soon but it's okay, you had a great time. 
After some time, i find myself wishing the top notes and base notes are switched. Then i would give this fragrance a near perfect rating, 9 out of 10! For now, it just has to be satisfied with 8/10.
Definitely will keep this in my wardrobe until I get tired of it in the next 10 years.
all i can say is i love this stuff
i get the toBacco note, it's more sweet in the Basenotes

the viBe i get with this it is very warm
for some reason i dont know why, it reminds me of a sweet sparkling BuBly capuccino
i don't drink coffe , But that's the vyBe i get
it's elegant at the same time.

one stripper once stopped me to ask what i was wearing
and she kept complimenting me on how good i smell

this fragrance makes you imagine aBout a day at home
with the family
at the kitchen they making cookies
everyBody drinking hot chocolate, surrounding a Blaze.

i see in the piramid that this fragrance doesnt contain those notes (chocolate, coffe)
But im just telling you how i get this 
Burberry London is a woody, spicy, oriental fragrance that has an outstanding reputation. It also is on the cheap side, which is nice. The note lineup is very nice and extremely unique. I mean Cinnamon, port wine, leather, and tobacco, I can not say that I have seen notes like that in any other fragrance. It really comes off as a very spicy top, with a floral aspect, given from the lavender, and a tiny hint of citrus. As it dries down, it becomes even darker, and much more woody. The port wine, tobacco, and leather come into play. They give Burberry London that boozy, intoxicating feel that it is known for. This is a perfect fragrance for the winter and fall, and it would be hard to find a better fragrance for the holidays. It is pretty masculine and mot certainly very unique. Longevity can at times be spotty, but I usually get 5-8 hours when I wear this fragrance.  This is for sure an amazing complement getter as well. Overall, Burberry London is by far one of the most unique and interesting fragrances that I have ever encountered. The notes help to make this one extraordinary along with the unmistakable bottle. For any one looking for a woody, spicy, oriental fragrance to us during the fall and winter, I would strongly recommend Burberry London.           
I love it.  Imagine chewing on a leather jacket covered in cinnamon and sugar... well it wouldn't taste so great but it sure does smell awesome.  The leather smell combines with some other ingredients that are less apparent to have a base smell thats manly and thick, and the top smell is that spicy sweet thing... so its like you're tough but also edible at the same time.  Totally rad combo.


Just Wonderful!
I love this.  It's so... delicious! (haha don't really know my stuff)

For sure one of my faves.
great scent as we all know and one of the safest out there. not offensive to the nose even though it is full of spice and you cant go wrong with it. I bought it blind and am happy I did.  only problem is on my skin it doesnt project that well or last very long, maybe 4-6 hours. I still give it a thumbs up due to the smell and its relatively cheap so reapply isnt that big of a deal
I got this cologne a few weeks ago.  I sprayed a sample on my arm from Perfumania, and then walked out.  The initial smell was very weird.  So I started walking around the mall for about 30 min.  I was hungry, so I decided to get a grab to eat at the food court.  While eating my Panda Express (Orange Chicken, Kung Pao Chicken and Fried Rice) I took a sniffed on my arm, and I was like wow! this is a great cologne.  It's very unique.  Sweet, spicy, and very unique.  I know this cologne has been out for a while, but the plaided bottle is not very attracted, so I never tried it out.  After my lunch at Panda Express, I walked back to Perfumania, and I said can i get a bottle of the Burberry London?  The cute sales lady asked me which size I want?  I was like, I'll take the biggest size you got there please babe.  She was llike nice choice...good news for you too..you get 30% off this cologne...so I paid for the Burberry London and told her thank you and happy holidays...Overall I give this cologne a 2 thumbs up! and would have to say this is my favorite cold weather cologne. 
Burberry London is a simple square bottle with a plaid “cover” on it. It’s a different design, and fits into the Burberry line. Overall this is a great mature scent with a ton of spice throughout the fragrance. It starts out with a lavender/bergamot opening. This goes away rather quickly and the rest of the scent is spicy note. The cinnamon note really comes out and mixes slightly with a note of leather and port wine. It overall has a classic winter/holiday scent to it. For me it takes me directly to Christmas, snow, fresh cut Christmas trees etc. Burberry London screams festive!

The issue that I had with this fragrance is that it just wasn’t consistent. Some days it lasted 2 hours and then it was just totally gone. The next day it would last 6-8 hours with really no reason at all. The projection on this for the first few hours was great, and then after the initial drydown (2-4 hours) it gets close to the skin. For me Burberry London is a perfect evening wear scent, but I could see it being worn during a winter day. I think this is the perfect fragrance for those December activities either in or outdoors. This is a spicy fragrance, and I’d mainly suggest it to the 20+ crowd. I think it’s perfect for 25+ but it can be pulled off by younger folks. Again I see this as a date/evening fragrance. I wouldn’t use this at a party, but more an intimidate setting.

BURBERRY LONDON = TRY

If you’re looking for a fragrance to be worn in December, then this is perfect. It really depends on your motives. If you’re a one/two bottle of cologne type of person, then I’d say just get a sample of this. It simply isn’t versatile enough to be purchased for those folks. However, if you’re a person that has 5+ bottles for different occasions, then I think this is a buy. It just can’t be beat for the winter evenings and in those intimate settings.
Scent strength: moderate
Recommended age: mature
Scent life: 2-10 hours
Recommended use: casual/evening
Classification: oriental/spicy
Price: $$

<a href="http://www.thecolognereview.com/">Cologne Review</a>
What an evergreen this already is, and I am not refering to the notes. The colour of Burberry London to me would rather be a very deep maroon. It holds all of the qualities I am looking for in a man's fragrance, and it has it's very own distinctive style that, in my mind, makes it incomparable to other scents.It is just remakable how complex and yet extremely well balanced Burberry London is. From the well pronounced cinnamon and the black pepper, soon balanced with the lavender, in the opening, through the tobacco and leather, to the beautiful clean, almost soapy drydown with the cinnamon still shining through.Longevity-wise people have complemented my smell long after I thought it had faded away. And lately I have tested this by spraying my wrist in the afternoon and still have smelled it the next morning. Some fragrances do tend to make the wearer "immune" to the scent after a while.I never thought I was going to say this about a Burberry-scent, but Burberry London is one of my all-time favourite fragrances. And did I mention the versatility?
This one definitely grew on me.  I was initially repulsed by its woody, boozy feel but I eventually got to love the cozy vibe it gives.  Not much else smells like this, and it gets compliments like crazy.  Hands down the perfect Fall fragrance.  
A true Classic !!! This scent to me smells like a brilliant blend of Pine and Cherry if they were to clash... A classic scent that I would love to wear but right now I feel its to mature for me... Prolly my 2nd favorite scent though next to L'eau D'Issey !!!Rating: ranging from 1-10 Smell: 9.25 Projection:10 This has perfect projection for the first 2 hours not too overpowering but you deffinitly get a smell of someone wearing this when there near) but then dies down and stays close to the skin after the 2 hour periodLongevity: 6.5 ( I get anywhere from 2-6 hours with this) so time varies a lot and is unpredictable Overall Rating:8.75 (I really want to give this a solid 9 but since the longevity is so sketchy I have to give it an 8.75)Age Range:25-60Best Seasons to use in: The perfect fragrance for fall and winter Best uses: I see this as a good going out fragrance, but can also be used for intimate settings and formal occasions such as church,dates, and formal dinners
Someone asked me the other day if I could chose the smell of my sweat, what would it be. Two words: BURBERRY LONDONThis is a bottle size version of a: dimly lit room, walls covered with dark paint and shelves of classic books. Stained wooden floors, every item of furniture is leather, and there's a cigar case sitting next to a bottle of scotch atop the wine shelf.Burberry London oozes class and style, simply brilliant. And no it doesn't smell like an old man or his wife's spice cabinet. It is an intoxicating warm/mysterious scent. Its not a BAM in your face, here's what I smell like type of cologne. No, It welcomes you in and takes you on a tour. It is a symphony! The Cinnamon and Lavender balance each other out to put out sweet calling card. The Citrus and Black Pepper meld together with the Port Wine and Leather to create a warm, rich syrup. And lastly the Tobacco (not a smoke, but a leaf smell) and Woods are the raised stage that all the scents are set upon. All the world's a stage and this is your soap box that will get you noticed.
Bought this blind based on the many good reviews and i am not at all disappointed. Knew this was a Fall fragrance that is spicy and rich. I had imagined it would smell a bit like burning leaves or Halloween, however it turns out to be more of a Christmas smell. Imagine a pine tree with some nice spices like nutmeg and cinnamon. Very deep and soothing scent. Definitely try this one out. I would think people would either love it or hate it. I personally love it. Enjoy :)

This is one of the sexiest fragrances that I own, and it is also my most complemented fragrance. A lot of people have longevity and sillage problems with this, but I don't know why. I go one spray on the neck, one on each wrist and I am getting complements about it 8-10 hours later. For example. I'll leave with a group of buds at 6PM to go for supper and clubbing. By after supper I'm just getting into the heart notes, I really get the port wine on my skin but at the same time I can still smell the lavender and cinnamon. Around 2 o clock, girls are still smelling me, especially the tobacco drydown and I'm taking them home. This thing is the best wingman you'll ever have, dont just take my word. Go try it.
I love Burberry London. It makes me think of James Bond. It just screams romance and sexiness. The longevity isn't all that great but frankly that works pretty well since I don't think I've ever put this on before 7 PM. It is a night-time fragrance only. It definitely strikes me as the most complex fragrance with the least amount of change while you're wearing it. It manages to hang on to the same spicy/floral/leather+tobacco scents in the same proportion for hours without ever devolving into some boring one-note drydown. I also like spraying this on my pillows before going to bed. 
I like the spices and the port wine note in Burberry London.  For me, it's a good all round fragrance that's suitable for both casual wear or office attire.  Good stuff.
One of my BEST evening scents. Absolutely perfect for cold nights and romantic dates.
I confess, I am a bit of a niche perfume snot. I tend not to give highly commercial fragrances much of a chance for fear of being doused by a counter attendant in headache-inducing, 90%-diesel-fuel EDT's that reek mostly of expensive and clueless desperation . . . BUT . . . I was so pleasantly surprised by Burberry London.It's a laced-up fragrance with a sophisticated and contemporary twist. Right out of the bottle you get a really soft green bergamot and a sagey-dry lavender, soft powdered leather, like Victorian frangiapanni gloves, but with a lot of elegant structure from the sweet tobacco and oakmoss on the bottom. I absolutely love the wonderful solar tobacco accord in this scent which stays on loud and proud through the dry down-- all 6 or so hours of it. It is so warm and bronzed that it almost reads as black tea. The silage is good but not amazing-- not a problem for me since I like to wear scent that stays close to the skin, and I find London to be one of those scents that you wouldn't want to catch wind of unless you were close enough to be dancing, it really requires that underlying warmth of human skin to come off at its best.My skin tends to sweeten scents that are a bit more masculine, and this scent could be very masculine on some, but I am a woman (who loves ballsy leathery scents and unisex chypres) and I feel very confident wearing this scent out in a elegant vintage 30's dress. It's intellectual but just dissident enough to be both serious and a bit iconoclastic. Some have raved about the port wine note, but it's truly not very prominent on me-- it is not the least bit boozy. I would mention, too that while it seems at first to be a cool-weather favorite, the woody tobacco and mimosa in the drydown actually make it comfortable for warmer weather, it has a bit of a sun-baked dried-hayfield in it, especially when you're warm yourself. 
No matter how many times I've worn it, it keeps me intrigued.  I can't stop smelling myself.  Perfect warmth, perfect spice, perfect mystery.  I love it.  I wouldn't change anything about it.  It opens up sweet and spicy from the port wine and cinnamon, and is warmed instantaneously by the leather and tobacco.  Not a cigarette smoke type, but a really rich unlit pipe tobacco.  
Most of Burberry's fragrances are dull as dry toast, so I expected to hate this. So what a nice surprise it was for me to instead find a rather bold, peppery tobacco and leather scent that gives off an olfactory illusion of being a sweet patchouli scent. I think the combination of the port wine, pepper and tobacco give that illusion of this having a ton of patchouli in it.  Buberry London gets better over time, and in fact smells even spicier and drier as it evolves, but it always maintains its slight sweetness, probably from the leather and port wine, and it never spins out of control into a syrupy or spicy mess. No longevity problems for me either with this. This is an excellent fragrance.My rating: 8/10
excellent scent for night and romantic occasions.......its definately very hip and sexy with a nice edge to it and the drydown is amazing
Nice gingerbread smelling type cologne but at the same time you can smell the port wine,  leather and tobacco making it very mature. I see this as a dress shirt and slacks fragrance. LOVE IT.
Lavender and violet leaves strike my nose instantly every time I press the spray. Very pleasant, sweet and spicy at the same time but not cloying at all ☻This is one of the most elegant woody fragrance I ever smelt ☻IMHO, formal dress goes pretty well with this fragrance as it has a maturity into it. Burberry London is a pretty unique scent in my cllection.Longevity is minimum of 6 hours on my skin. Sillage is rather decent. Tobacco leave and oak moss drydown is fascinating to my nose.☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻Wonderful British gentlemen scent☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻ 
Owned it. Loved it. Returned it. Intoxicating scent. Smells like wine, with just the right amount of leather. Rich aroma. No matter how old you are, makes you smell "more mature than your years". Smells intellectual, mature, confident, self-assured. Too bold, too loud for my lifestyle, for my "target audience". A twenty-something wearing this in public, even on a night-out, will attract A LOT of attention. 
The ultimate cold weather scent. Smells mostly of cinnamon. Is very unique and inviting. It doesn't last very long but projects well. I've prolly recieved more compliments from wearing this scent than any other. You will never tire of smelling this amazing scent.
Awesome fragrance. Too bad it has very very poor longevity (4-5 hours). Hey, that's life.
I love the smell of Burberry London, absolutely one of my favorites.The only downside is that the longevity is too short on my skin. 
Top notes can be a little bit intimidating for someone afraid of smelling like your grandfather.. reminds me of the original green polo for some reason.  After a while it soothes down to a sophisticated, earthy but sweet scent that I find to be more for personal enjoyment than to be making any kind of statement.  it does set the mood for christmas..its nice, you owe it to yourself to try it on your wrist at least once in the winter. alright longevity medium to poor sillage.
I really like this fragrance a LOT. I was never interested in Burberry fragrances but after reading so many great reviews I decided to buy a bottle.The fragrance is very well crafted but it does not last very long on me and that is a problem. For some reason this juice makes me think of Christmas I can almost "see" the Christmas light and trees. I love the sweet tobacco notes, very well executed, it is mildly boozy as well. I also get a tender vanilla note that plays in the background but since there is no vanilla it must be the lavender/cinnamon combined. This one is a winner in my book. Well done Burberry!
For me this is a peppery, bergamot, lavender and leather potion, that is better out of the bottle and on your skin.  The dry down is nice and warm.  It is a typical quality frag from Burberry.  It may be a little to much black pepper for some, but that note retreats after an hour or so of wearing and the lavender and leather kick in. It is a 'pepe' style EDT that I recommend for the twenty+ crowd, and for evening events.  
Just a wonderful fragrance. At first I wasn't won over by the almost cherry-like port note that permeates throughout the progression, but i've grown to love it from start to finish. The dry down is one of the best i've experienced at my current early stage in fragrance discovery. You get the smoke and wood, with that port juuuust peeping in to lift the whole thing. The port note is somewhat cloying, but definitely in a good way, as it helps balance the notes in the dry down. Definitely a cold wintery scent. It paints a picture of sitting by the fireplace eating Christmas pudding while the grown ups are in the background drinking wine after the big Christmas dinner. In terms of longevity and sillage, they're not terrible, but they're not exactly great either. Now sillage is probably a 5/10. You'd probably have to stand like a foot away (if that) to notice it. The longevity (on my skin at least) is rather strange. While the main body of the scent lasts around 5-6 hours for me, i'll easily be able to pick up at the very least a tiny bit of the tobacco and definitely some of the port probably 12 hours after application. Overall a wonderful fragrance for colder weather, marred only by the spotty longevity.  
This is what class smells like on a cold autumn night.  Rich, rich scent of oranges and cloves over the leather.  Does not fare well in the Texas heat so I save it for the special occasions in the (brief) winter months.
Christmas in a bottle basically. All the scents of the season. Very "dry" drydown so it won't last too long. Nice.
Classy, arrogant, a bit uptight, conservative, but once you get to know him he is open, warm, humorous, yet calm. That is me, that is this Burberry London. Beautiful!

Update - a lot of folks complain about longevity, but I get 10 + hours with quite a good projection.
Great Scent. Very Modern. Something wrote on this forum that Jaipur pour Homme by Boucheron was similar and superior to London is competely wrong. Jaipur Homme doesn't smell anything like London. Jaipur smells like the old barber shaving cream. Leave the jaipur homme for old gentlemen in their 70s and enjoy the warming scent of Burberry London.
It was late summer 1994 and I was on a 6 week assignment with a travel agency just off Piccadily Circus. On one of the evenings, a group of us headed off to a bar for drinks and had a blast at karaoke, making complete arses of ourselves. That's what this scent reminds me of - 'making arses of ourselves'. OK, just kidding. I'm talking about the atmosphere. From the peppery boozy opening right to the mildly powdery sweetness tinged with tobacco smoke. Unfortunately, longevity issues mean the fun ends rather abruptly with someone yelling "Hey, stop hogging the mike...!"       
London was one of my early favorites, and it has stayed among the top contenders throughout my sniffings of countless other designer brands, so it merits an extra-long review. It's woody and sweet with moderate spices, like so many others, but it's a unique sappy, leafy wood, like you're smelling the tiny nascent leaves sprouting out of a tree branch. It's especially so in the top notes, but I even find it somewhat from smelling the basenote residue in the bottle cap. People talk about the port wine note, and I might say it reminds me more of sherry or marsala than port, but there is definitely a fortified-wine component. I think it adds a mellow, calming presence to an already gentle scent. There's something close to milk-chocolateyness in the top, but not exactly...it's more honeyed, like the flavor of Sixlets, the chocolate-like candies that I had a brief but passionate love affair with during childhood. Or of the faux-chocolate carob chips that you see at health food stores. But there's not nearly enough of this component to make London a real gourmand scent. (Zirh Corduroy is related but a little more desserty if you like that sort of thing. Also excellent.)To me, London feels extremely natural, and it conjures up dry woods...not dry in the opposite-of-sweet sense, but the image of trees growing a dry setting that I remember:  the shady, dusty chaparral in a botanical garden near my home in southern california, with its manzanita bushes, live oaks and shrubs. So while I'm sure the pefumer meant to evoke a walk in a wet deciduous (European) forest after a fall or winter rain, I find myself reminded of quite a different place, my own little patch of dry western scrubland, just because of personal memories. The only problem with this stuff is something that it has in common with Obsession, though less so:  after the amazing top and middle, the base progresses too far into the territory of "standard vanilla wood because that's what everyone else does". (Still, London's a big notch down on the heaviness meter from Obsession!) Neither of them go so far as to become just a vanilla cliché, but this development always disappoints me a little. Still, London's vibe is so different from other wood scents that I love coming back to it again and again. It's truly rewarding.

What can I say? It's nice but not that special? I'm trying to understand the millennial obsession with this fragrance but can't relate to the hype. My conclusion is that Alien stands out  because it's far far away from the fruity floral fair that dominated the early 2000s. It's stronger, darker, spicier, more oriental. If you were raised on fun, flirty, fruity florals it would definitely 
get your attention.  However if you are familiar with 80s and pre 80s perfumery, it's just not that special. To my nose it is a more subtle version of Givenchy Amarige.
Bold, nearly boozy jasmine.  Creamy, like a liqueur.  Overly sweetened woody scent a few moments later, that reminds me of a hyper-sweet incense or a glade room spray.  It's soft then.  It sometimes annoys me; at times delights me.  It depends on my mood, what it does to me.  Alien is one of "those".  I don't wear it often as it can be cloying.  My little one ounce bottle will last me the rest of my life.

The base is just as sweet with its amber tone.  The sweetness of Alien never lets up.  It is also good for its longevity.  I give this a 3.5 to 4 star rating, depending on my mood.

Amber darkens & dominates later.
I lied, I'm sorry. I love this perfume! I don't know what I was thinking. I think it just needed to settle, but it smells amazing! It is "grape-y" at first, but it settles and you appreciate the scent all day!
Previous review 11/6/18: I blindly bought this based on the raving reviews. I wanted something with good sillage and longevity, something I could spray on in the morning and last all day so I wouldn't need to carry a decant. 
So, I haven't received it in the mail yet, but I did go and sample this at the local department store (and 2 others I blindly bought based solely on reviews-gucci bloom and versace bright crystal). 
I know exactly how to describe this "alien" perfume for those who've never smelled...have a dose of children's grape dimetapp cold and cough syrup, it tastes the way "alien" smells. The scent of this fragrance is very (exactly) synthetic grape that lasts at least 4 hours, dominating any other notes that is claims to have in it. This scent is the twin of children's grape dimetapp's taste. "What's that scent you're wearing" they say, "grape dimetapp". 
Take a rich jasmine note, shear off its rough (indolic, green) edges, hook it up to an outdoor amplifier, and overlay it with a gauzy, vanillic amber accord that has roughly the half-life of plutonium. That's Alien. For what it is, it's great, and even slightly narcotic under the right conditions. This is a perfume for a woman with a capital "W" - or a confident man in an insouciant mood. (Alien dries down gorgeously on skins of either sex.) If you're a fan of the Mugler style - ie. "Go Big or Go Home" - and if every jasmine perfume you've come across so far has seemed just a tad restrained for your liking, Alien is nothing short of a must-sniff. Run, don't walk. For others....well. Spray at your peril. This alien doesn't come in peace.
A sweet powdery floral scent. The structure is simple yet "alien". Jasmin and amber as dominant elements are relatively common in perfumes, yet their combination in Alien smells so unusual! A typical success of "less is more"! It's sensual and feminine. No need for any excessive complexity to pretend to be mysterious but it has its own depth. I actually find it unique but not that difficult to appreciate. The projection is very good and the longevity can reach 12h. It worths at least a try during one's fragrance discovery journey.

Originally written in 2013.
The EDT is “of course” lighter but it also has a more acide citrus note than the EDP. It smells a bit like a Cologne. I don’t get any of the notes listed here. 

But the EDP is sweeter and deeper. Way more interesting. Projection and longevity are awesome. 
Very strong scent.  Use sparingly. Although not in the notes,  I find it smells a lot like grapes,  and a few of my friends agreed also. Once it sets in it calms down a bit.  
I own the Eau de Parfum. to me Alien is (think real flowers) a tad of Tiger Lily and then all Jasmine, & fresh air. I have a huge amount of jasmine which grows on the back fence, far from the house, but when it blooms and I open the sliding glass doors, I can smell it alllll the way to my house. that jasmine bush smells heady & magic, it makes you close your eyes and breathe it in. i wear Alien to work almost exclusively and it's because i alwaysssss get told "you smell good" "what are you wearing?" strangers in elevators, everywhere. in fact, that is how I came to buy it. i walked in a club house at a friends condo. there was only one woman there. I asked her, hey, what's that smell in this room, it's incredible. bcuz so many people mention it, I asked my boss if I had too much on, she said no, you smell clean.
by the way, you need ONE or TWO dabs or sprays, it is STRONG, with great sillage and longevity. Well worth the price
This is a lovely perfume that I almost skipped because it's so commonly worn.

Alien starts with some sharp white florals (mostly jasmine), a lot of sweetness and a hint of woods and metal. After about an hour it settles in nicely to a somewhat sweet creamy (almost nougat like) jasmine that has a touch of powder to it (possibly some sandalwood). 

I like it much more than I had originally thought I would. Because it is so widely available and because Thierry Mugler is such a popular house, this has the stigma of being seen as "ordinary" or "generic", when it isn't. Yes, it has the ever popular elements of white floral and sweetness, but it's done in a way that is different enough (and lasts decently enough) to be more enjoyable than mass market sugar or fruity/floral bombs. Sillage is soft to moderate (about 2-3 feet) and lasting power is about 5-6 hours. Really lovely and versatile fragrance. I think my favorite time to wear it would be Fall/Winter day or night.
This is a perfume I fell in love with, beautiful, different, true to its name.  I went to buy it, but when I got to the counter to smell the tester to make sure the love and attraction was still there,  it turned me off.  The scent was overly strong in the commercial way.  Perhaps that was an old batch or one that had been in the heat. If there was a lighter version of it, I would reconsider. 
Alien is the fragrance I love despite myself. I sort of dislike everything the perfume stands for, it's name, the gaudy packaging, not to mention it's notoriety. Alien is too well known for it's own good in a way, it's celebrity making it feel that bit too obvious, and therefore overplayed and unrefined. Thierry Mugler seems to be the worst kept secret in perfumery. And yet, the scent itself is so appealing and irresistible to me, that I overcome my snobbery and all these things, the name, the packaging, they pale into insignificance because at the end of the day: I love that smell. It's as simple as that. However loud and conspicuous there is something in the combination of notes in this fragrance that always pulls me in. It is sort of a throw back to the 80s in it's big brassy unabashedly sexy floral nature. It's kind of brash and overt in it's sexiness so I have to be in a very specific mood to wear it - usually a winter's evening, it should be worn with heels. It should feel dated by now I tell myself but Alien remains a heady and intoxicating magic potion I can't help but adore, an ex-lover who is no good but I keep coming back to anyway.
10/10
So Alien smells a little trashy.  I think the house of Thierry Mugler wears trashy on its sleeve like a badge of honor, so there's kind of no point in pretending otherwise.  The "space jasmine," as another Basenote reviewer perfectly describes this scent, is a spicy cinnamon-inflected nuclear jasmine overlaid with a streak of menthol.  The tension generated between the warm cinnamon and the cool menthol is, to my nose, what makes the jasmine seem to vibrate in the air--for hours and hours.  (So much so that overspraying can send me straight into the fetal position with a migraine--beware).  

Lots of reviewers feel disappointed by the drydown, but this style of loud perfumery really doesn't leave a lot of room to manouver.  As it is, I find Alien creamy and alluring on skin.  After all that oscillation, Alien gently gradually slows down and comes to a rest.  What's wrong with that? 

I really enjoy this perfume; but then, I wore Poison in 1986 and Paris in 1990.  Big florals like these can be marvelously beautiful, and they're also a lot of fun.  I reserve Alien for evenings with noise and drinks.  Even then, a judicious trigger finger is the secret to these beasts.
What I love most about Alien is how 80s-minded it is. The purple grape hairspray quality of it is reminiscent of both Giorgio and Poison, but it smells completely modern. The jasmine in it smells electric and opulent and the woody drydown adds a warm fuzz to the cold, mentholated florals. The way it bounces around the room is really amazing--my boyfriend was wearing it when I came home one day and watching The Hunger. It went perfectly with the movie--stylish, cold, pleasantly empty. I love it for being the only thing on the market this loud that I still commonly smell on people, even in largely fragrance-free Austin. If you wear it, wear a lot of it. It needs to be oversprayed for that wonderful narcotic effect. I like it on women, but it's possibly even better on men.
Salutation.

When a man stops you and ask what are you wearing?It smells Great.You know it is worth every penny you spend and in my opinion THIERREY MUGLER fragrances have this sensible characteristic just like ALIEN.It is Dark,slightly Decadent and so Alluring.in other words Magnetic,Woody,Irresistible,Strong, Exotic,Glamorous,Sensuous and Modern.

At first spray it can be a powerful and heavy burst but as it fades i found it to be quite Lovely.It finished with Amber.This is a winning combination for a perfume that screams Seduction of skin as it takes your senses in a Intoxicating Fancy to a For-Off land as it smells like a Dark Mysterious forest in a fairy tale or a Princess living in the forest.

Totally most prominent to me is a mix of Jasmine and Wood.The perfume lasts all day only with 2 or 3 sprays.Cool Autumn Evenings and Dreary winter moments come alive with ALIEN and this is due the base notes and definitely Amber.If you want to draw the attention of Men to you in a Party this is a Noticeable perfume but not for Everyone.

Sillage?Impressive.

Longevity?Lasts and Lasts.

Thank You THIERRY MUGLER 

8/10
While testing frags I stumbled across Alien after loading up several dozen cards and smelling them blindly while at a red light. I was very into the floral scent of it. I returned the next day with the card to purchase it and gave it a test...wow this scent is STRONG and incredibly long lasting! I actually almost don't like it before the dry down it's almost too much. However after the dry down tames it just enough to the point I can't get enough of it. I wish my wife liked it as much as I do. I ask her to were it on special occasions and out to a nice restaurant/bar.

I prefer this scent with dry cool weather. People ask or compliment more times than not when out for an evening.
Sweet and exotic.  I LOVE this fragrance.The best feature of this perfume is its wonderfully intoxicating vanilla and jasmine scents that last and last.  A little goes a long way.  Well worth the price.  Love that you can refill at department stores like macy's for less!
I bought Alien on a whim, in Duty-free, only because what I'd read was so positive.  At first spray, the impression was a cloying, dissonant, chemical disaster.  Once I left the duty-free area, however, heading back to the lounge to await my flight, the first impact of the fragrance hit me.  Abstract.  Powerful.  Something I wanted to "get to know better" or try in vain to "understand".  The first inkling of attraction - that quality that mystifies and draws you in.
It's been a week now, which I feel is enough time to weigh in on my experience with Alien.  And I admit it - I'm in love.  
To me, Alien embodies EVERYTHING that a true WOMAN should be - the sparkling jasmine opening is unabashedly feminine, confident and strong (a warning is befitting here - a small amount goes a long way - one spray is usually all you need!) the sheer and magical essence of solar accord and amber, the green-metallic je ne sais quois- make her seem mysterious, aloof, and cool - classic qualities of an attractive woman.  At the same time, the balmy/woodsy vanilla drydown with just the slightest hint of musk make her warm, inviting, almost approachable?  And the overall impression is downright BEAUTIFUL.    Perfect for a confident, original and classy woman who discriminates in life and love.  
A candied floral entity that projects a luminous holographic jasmine for the first 15-20 minutes before it runs out of power. The jasmine sambac is indeed glorious but the supporting ambery accord is toothache personified. Best to smell ALIEN from a distance where you catch whiffs of laundered, indole-free white florals.

The bottle is something else though - like an object from another universe, it's  sci-fi geek's wet dream. I see guys buying this purely for the bottle alone.
Wow! I love wearing this jasmine-amber bomb. Sprayed very sparingly it's truly awesome!
It opens with a blast of wonderful jasmine (a bit medicinal and overwhelming if you spray too much, so be careful), the drydown is amazing: warm, sweet yet fresh (amber and jasmine), woody, cozy and a bit powdery.
Plus, it's one of the longest lasting scents I know.
Sultry, original and bold. Men notice this scent every single time I'm wearing it.
It's extremely popular, nevertheless perfect for being a signature.
Femininity and sophistication. One of my top favorites.
Glorious space-Jasmine. I swear it smells like it’s glowing.
Aside from the fact that I've had more compliments (from both sexes) with this scent than any other in my sizeable collection, I like the straightforward scent structure and how it shows off the richly faceted sambac jasmine to perfection.

If your skin seems to amplify the amber and the fruity aspect of the sambac jasmine a bit too much (i.e. you smell candy and nothing but candy) you should check out the Eau de Toilette version, which isn't just a diluted version of the EDP. It's a different formulation with a slightly more complex structure while still being recognizably Alien. 

I keep trying to leave reviews of this but no luck. Anyway, first of all the bottle is beautiful, despite the penguin comments, its like holding a precious jewel in your hand. Initial impact after a spray, is WOW beautiful jasmine and pure black pepper, to my nose. After awhile it is still strongly jasmine and the wood and amber, and later still even more beautiful jasmine and oudh. The fragrance is like a mysterious alchemy, like night and day combining and creating an alternative reality... It is an exquisite meeting of opposites, the sweetness contrasting with masculine black pepper, heady jasmine combined with grounding oudh wood. Don't stop making this, Mr Mugler, please, and don't change the formula!! Ever since I received this as a gift, I have worn no other scent (and I have a lot : ])
Alien opens with a blast of white floral jasmine with an almost oud-like undertone that melds with the florals extremely well.  The jasmine and oud-like woody notes at the heart are sweetened by amber in the base... and that is pretty much it.  The scent is extremely minimalist and linear and what you get up top remains throughout.  Projection is very good and longevity is above average.

Alien is a pretty simplistic composition, but it just plain "works".   The jasmine white florals definitely are the star of the scent with the woody oud-like accord and the sweet amber used strictly for support.  Ropion being one of the parfumiers on the scent does not surprise me, as the florals have his name written all over them, while underneath the florals that sweet base that Mugler frequently features shows Alien's pedigree.  On the whole Alien smells quite good and I definitely recommend it, but this one will most likely smell best on the ladies (not to say men *couldn't* wear it).  Alien earns a well-deserved very good to excellent 3.5 to 4 stars out of 5. 
Okay, the thing with Thierry Mugler is that you cannot smell once, and make a judgement. It will almost always be NO! This has happened with EVERYTHING I have tried by him. Suddenly after a while I realize that the fragrance morphs into something else, then hours later, something else...they are warm and always unique. Unending compliments, especially for Alien. My favorite of all, my tip is to spray it on your bra and let it sit overnight if you find it too strong. In the morning if you are not so surprised than this one is not for you. Blessings & Good Smellings!
I...Love....Thierry Mugler.  Everything this house has put out has been quality.  Longevity, projection, originality.  you name it, this house has it.  I can not get enough of this scent.  It smells like grape soda, fizz and all.  It is one of my favorite clubbing scents.  And here is the kicker, I'm a guy.  This is as unisex as a fragrance can get, in fact many of TM's fragrances are.  My girlfrend loves it on me just as much as her and it gets huge compliments.  Guys, dont be afraid to carefully select a womens perfume for yourself.  There is nothing wrong with it.  They are stronger and it opens the doors to everything.  Now there are very few that i would venture to try, they cant be too feminine or floral, but this one is right up my alley for cold weather, nightime wear.  So i sprayed givenchy play intense, le male, 1 million, and Alien on papers and had few guys test them out and i asked them which one is the womens perfume.  All 4 guys got them wrong.  Hmm......? give it a try....everyone.  
So finally I found my Alien! I have always liked it, but I found it a bit too sticky! But now I am the happy owner of the EdT, and that one sings beautiful on my skin!

As Thierry Mugler is environmentally conscious, I am proud to wear all of TM perfumes who works well on my skin!

Thumbs up for Alien EdT from me!
It was not love at first spray for me. I got Alien as a Christmas gift and made the mistake of spraying it on in front of the giver and almost choking!  It smelled medicinal and overly sweet to me - some sort of Campho-Phenique spilled into Splenda concoction. I slipped away and washed it off as soon as I could.

A few days later as I was doing laundry, the sweater I was wearing on Christmas wafted the most amazing fragrance.  Surely this amazing scent didn't come from that foul medicine I had sprayed?!  

Alien revisted:  Same opening stench as before.  But after the dry down, amazing floral and woody notes begin to emerge.  After a while on my skin, Alien is intoxicating and heady stuff.  Don't flee from this if at first you find it off-putting.  Let it mellow on your skin and see what happens.  For me it's pure other-worldly magic!
This is strictly an impressionistic note.  I haven't tried this on, but I smelled it during conversation with a very attractive woman.  It suited her so well, and it was a lovely scent.  It seemed warm, deep but not cloying or heavy, and worked well on a warm summer night.  Excellent sillage, particularly since this was an outdoor event.
An incredibly sexy fragrance, by far my favourite thing to smell on a woman. Highly recommended.
I've always admired Thierry Mugler's unique sense of style and approach when creating his fragrances and designing the packaging. While a fan of Angel, I wasn't quite sure of what to expect from his other fragrances. It took me a while to test Alien, his second most popular fragrance, for fear of being disappointed.

Well, I certainly was not disappointed. Something urged me to try this on my skin rather than the tester card, and I'm rather glad I did just that. 

The initial spray was not at all loud and obtrusive, which was a pleasant surprise because I expected the top notes to be somewhat similiar in strength to Angel. 

Alien is quite a deep floral scent, with the jasmine creating a sweet yet powdery-like smell. I like that this fragrance isn't complex and that it succeeds in appealing to a wide audience. 

This fragrance has excellent sillage and lasting power. I wore this on a 5 hour train ride and I could still smell Alien wafting around me when I arrived at my destination. 

The fragrance is quite versatile. I see Alien as being better suited to colder months and night time wear, however it could adapt well to any season or occasion. 

Overall, I consider Alien as being a mysterious, sexy and bold fragrance. This is definitely not a perfume for the shy.


Due to the marketing, name, and bottle design, I expected a very modern and unusual fragrance. Instead, this was a warm, woody, powder scent with a soft jasmine base. Very romantic & sensual. Between Angel & Alien, my husband prefers this one. I prefer Angel. Like Angel, it last for hours and a little goes a long way. I'm glad to have it, but I don't feel like TM's marketing really hit upon the nature of this scent properly.


I love jasmine, and this one is heavy jasmine. I am aware that not everyone likes jasmine, however. I can't make up my mind whether I like or dislike Alien...One minute I like its attitude and sultriness, the next I'm longing for a fresher scent. Perhaps I would like an EDT instead of EDP....and I might spray this on the inside of my calves instead of my neck...or try Alien lotion.

In the end, I almost can't get enough of it. Sweet!

Update: I've heard some people say this scent smells heavy like cigars or garbage (hahaha), but Alien requires some time and patience (and trust?) to sink into the skin-It becomes very sexy, and the scent is not floral or woody or spicy, or anything like I can describe-just very elegant, velvety, dark, warm and a bit cold at the same time. I am not a fan of Mugler, but this scent is high on my list of favorite designer fragrances(as opposed to niche, drugstore, artisan, etc....)!


Update much later:
I have to say this fragrance doesn't smell much like natural jasmine-I smell a unique amber note that I now refer to as the "Mugler amber"-it's a bit heavy, modern, and smells both hot and cold at the same time. I still think the opening isn't so much beautiful as strong and fascinating, while the dry down is pure femme fatale and just smells gorgeous on my skin. This is one of those perfumes that really smells "synthetic"-but great to me. I am not a fan of "synthetic" smells-but if you found this to be a scrubber, I think you should really let the top notes and aggression pass to smell the magic-not an easy perfume, but a beautiful one-that's how it deserves its name. That is also why I don't regularly wear it, though I will never swap my bottle.


Holyzoo described this as "supersonic jasmine"; indeed it is, & in my book that's a good thing! There's a strange, metallic "dental surgery" note in the opening which quickly wears off, a little pepper, & then it's glorious, singing jasmine all the way to the drydown of white amber & woods. There is an "otherwordly" feel to it, probably from the much debated "solar note", but l feel super sexy & feminine wearing this. The sillage & longevity are both awesome, & l can smell it on my clothes days later.
l must add that l can't stand Angel, & l would never have tried this had a basenoter not recommended it as a great jasmine-amber fragrance. l'm so glad l did, it was love at first sniff, & is a favourite in my wardrobe.
13 years later Thierry Mugler proves she still has the magic. Alien is Mugler’s first major fragrance for women since Angel. The perfume bottle is somewhat odd but unique, It really is one of the most spectacular and original bottles I have ever seen.

What they do is put time and effort into a few select products, working hard on the design, and using the finest ingredients to produce something spectacular. Completely different from some of the most prestigious 'Parfums houses', who makes like two fragrances in 1 year, and you can practically smell the same scent in others fragrances out there, nothing new.

The initial notes are fairly woody, and I have to be honest, this strong woody smell, was the reason why I didn't like Alien. But I can't judge a Fragrance only by the first seconds, because Alien grows on your skin and change. This is like the kind of magic produced only by ''Big Scents''. In this metamorphosis, Alien reveals its hidden secret, showing us the beautiful notes of jazmin, and an oriental amber infusion that is deep and sexy.

One spray or squirt and I feel instantly powerful, glamorous and sexy. Is definitely a "night" perfume. The lasting power is Sublime!


Alien is truly a masterpiece!
Alien is a very apt name for this other-worldly brew. This is how I imagine an alien dominatrix or drag empress would smell. It is a jolting explosion of rich and luxuriant exotic notes in your face, furious and unrelenting. I like it, but a dab of this, I imagine, goes on for days and miles.
This is the first fragrance I've ever owned and I still love it. Deep and sensual, yet somewhat offbeat. I thinks its sensuality to warmth of its amber notes and musk, whilst lurking beneath its spicy floral explosiveness, there is another "synthetic" scent that keeps you guessing. Definitely a scent to intrigue. Not for the faint-hearted. 
A super genial piece of glamour-chic modern perfumery. Alien is weird, carnal/dissonant, floral/poudre, sweet/acid, in perfect Thierry Mugler's style. An hyper fancy synth sambac jasmine's rendition. Deeply influencing in my opinion the following Esoteric by Alyssa Ashley, this scent is an interplanetary barbarian, a sort of extraterrestrial, metallic, balsamic, synthetic frozen vanilla/floral serum's smell, a space shuttle in which I detect the hand of the sadly departed Laurent Bruyere, the king of chic fragrances, working in here side by side with Dominique Ropion in order to blend this sort of perfumed Swarovski. Many assume this is a modern daily time scent while in my opinion this scent is decidedly a night time fragrance even if not exactly dark and mysterious in substance. This one is essencially a chic and sophisticated evening creation. The first burst is earthy and citric-metallic, a sort of roaring synthetic punch that becomes soon flowery in a sophisticated way. The flower protagonist is the jasmine, properly sambac jasmine, a special quality which is assumed to be a pillar of the chic-aura's effect. As well as Foetidus mentioned, this kind of jasmine has an immediate earthy-rooty undertone which, combined with citrusy notes, determines a sort of " metallurgic-floral " opening. The heart introduces an accord provided by interaction between cashmeran, a woody musky element, and the admittedly synthetic Solar note, a sort of artificial element that I can't catch in its essence but that has assumedly a sort of airy, balsamic and vanillic hispid smell. The base notes are mastered by white amber, a softly woody-musky kind of amber, a sort of airy and sunny kind of woody-powdery aroma. Alien is a very chic and modern experiment which, on a pretty daring woman, could wave out as a dangerous burst of pure sex.
If you want a perfume with presence - the whole marching band  - you can always rely on Mugler. After the hyper liquorice sweetness of Angel- which I love - we get this, where jasmine flowers are amplified to a giant scale  Perhaps this is the alien element, something becoming bigger and more resonant when taken to an foreign environment - like innocous plants like privet hedging that when transplanted from Europe to Australia become giant pernicious weeds! After the overwhelming invading jasmine it dries down to a fabulous rich woody base - it's alien but it's gorgeous. I surrender.
An acquired taste but one it has been acquired, My GOD !!! It becomes ever so addictive and uplifting.This is one evening scent for jasmine lovers who enjoy mistery and adventure and wear it on that special time of the year when the opportunity arises...are we talking vampires???; well done to the 2 perfumers who created this masterpiece.

i often wear this on dates, intense, deep and sensual, often get good comments when i wear this, like alot of thierry mugler frags
Supersonic metallic jasmine that resonates in floral harmony for hours and hours.  This is 1 out of 2 scents that I feel are incredible independent feminine frags.  Black Cashmere is the other.  Both are beautiful, stunning, and gorgeous.  They also have a feeling of "look but don't touch".  However, I must admit, this is one of my wife's favorites and I fell in love with her as Alien being her go-to perfume.  What does that mean then?  Alien is perfect for a performer type of personality.  And on the other side, if you want to wear something that selectively attracts only people who are genuinely confident in what it takes to get to know you, Alien might be your calling.  If you want a fragrance that beckons the world to snuggle up to you, I don't think Alien was born to do any such thing.  With all that said, Alien is not for the timid.  It is for the driven.  
A very warm and comforting scent.  I would describe it as an oriental.  Even though many people have commented that it lasts long, it doesn't have longevity on me.  I would put this in my top ten perfumes.  Not for the shrinking violets though!
This is my current favourite. I am no expert in terminology but to me it smells so otherworldly in a fantastic way. A huge plus for me (and which led me to buy it) is its longevity. Nothing lasts on me except some four or five fragrances from the myriads that I've tried. It not only lasts long but it smells better and better as time goes by. It may have absolutely nothing to do with it in scientific terms but it also reminds me of one of my boyfriend's perfumes, 'Sculpture' by Nikos, this may have made it so familiar and comforting to me. Nothing to stand in awe of but entirely to be enjoyed. It is also intoxicating and addictive...so alluring, warm and sexy...I just can't stop smelling my wrists when I put it on. Definitely a thumbs up...two thumbs up I say!!!
All Mugler scents that I've smelled so far are tangibly sexy attractive. Don't know the secret, but I always feel physically attracted. I rediscover the notes in a different light. In this case, it's like "So, this is how jasmine could smell?". Something almost edible in the fragrance in both physical and spiritual way. Mugler perfumes always speak about some other world, maybe the future world or maybe some more conscious world. Half-human, half-superhuman.
Top notes:  Sambac JasmineHeart note:  Cashmeran, Solar NoteBase note:  White AmberLots of new words to learn from in this fragrance.  As mentioned by other reviewers, Alien opens with a synthetic explosion of … synthetics: I’m sorry, I can’t identify any notes through the chemicals.  The chemicals don’t last long and are quickly replaced by a sambac Jasmine and cashmeran accord.   A “sambac jasmine” can be either an Arabian Jasmine or a Hawaiian Pikaki or any of a at least ten other varieties of jasmine: Madhan Mogran, Rose, Motiyu, Bela, Mallipoo, Lei pikaki, Tea, Gundi Mullige, Sampaguito, Mysore Mulli, or Mali Chat… I don’t know which particular jasmine is used in Alien, but, in general, the sambac jasmines have a greener element to their aroma. The Cashmeran, on the other hand is easier to describe:  it’s the woody, musky, spicy 1,2,3,5,6,7-hexahydro-1,2,3,3-pentamethyl-4h-inden-4-one…  The combination of the sambac jasmine and cashmeran  accord is unique:  It’s a woody, musky, spicy jasmine… quite attractive, too, IMHO.  The center accord also presents Solar Note, which I Googled but couldn’t find any definitions, so I will assume that it is something that smells like the sun.  Finally we have a drydown of white amber… now I’m familiar with white musk but I had to Google “White Amber” which turned out to be “a soft and subtle woody scent, and works primarily on the subconscious to elevate ones awareness and state of consciousness...” according to Google.  Apparently the scent is presented as having some sort of sub-conscious or mystical agenda, and the marketing includes some kind of wordplay on the word “alien.”  I don’t know about that but I do like the fragrance.  It’s attractive and it truly qualifies as an Oriental, I feel, and it does present the uniqueness for which it seems to be striving so hard.  It smells quite feminine on paper or cloth, but on my skin it can easily pass as a masculine fragrance – in a sort of alien / masculine way, I find it mysteriously enjoyable.
Has anyone noticed that "Alien" is very like "Louve"?  I love them both for their exotic postmodern edginess.  Alien came first and is much less expensive... hmmm - not a hard decision when it comes time to replace sample with bottle. They both have an icy metallic quality which lasts and which I find refreshing when I'm not in the mood for sultry flowers and spices. Alien doesn't mix well with garlic or Gucci Rush, all of which I smell of at time of writing. I must get some art deco jewellery on.  Perfect.
When I first tried Alien, I was terribly put off by the sweetness of the the jasmine top notes.  This was a sampling on paper.  Fast forward several months, bored to death of mostly everything put out there lately, I tried Alien again--on skin this time...I was feeling brave.Trying it on skin is a different feel now. The jasmine isn't so in-your-face now, but don't get me wrong, it's still rather potent.  As it progressed on my skin, it smelled more and more comforting as the jasmine fades.IMO it's a play on the Mugler's Angel theme, in modern historical terms.  That what was thought as spiritual beings from heaven, it is really about visitors from the outer realms of the universe.  These visitors may be quite the angels that were described in ancient times. (And I just might be OD-ing from the History Channel!)Alien, to me, is a solar scent.  Bright, expansive, happy, peaceful, ethereal.  It gets better and better as the scent progresses throughout the day.  It doesn't get heavier, but lighter, cleaner.  The wood and amber in this scent makes the floral sweetness soar as an airy delight of flight.Now that I own the scent, I couldn't help but think I've smelled something in the same vein.  The floral woodiness of Alien was much like another favorite of mine--Versace's The Dreamer.  The Dreamer does it with Lily, Tobacco, Tarragon and Amber.  Alien does it with Jasmine, a Cedar-like note, and Amber.Both seem to have equal potency and longevity.  Careful with applying Dreamer/Alien on warmer and balmy days.  The lily/jasmine expands into a very bold aura around you as I've discovered.
I prefer Alien over Angel any day!! I find Angel nauseating, so you might want to give Alien a try if Angel didn't work for you.  Angel is very harsh while Alien is a warm, semi-sweet, floriental that is sexy and seductive.  There is a mysterious quality to Alien that draws me in every time I wear it.  This is one of my favorites and I reach for it on special occasions.  When I first spray Alien, the notes are a bit strong and somewhat cloying, but within 2-4 minutes it quickly fades into a wonderful floriental that I can't get enough of.  Alien lasts about 3 hours on me and then it wears close to the skin for another 3-4 hours.  The main notes in Alien are jasmine with undertones of deep, warm woods and a little hint of amber.  If I apply too much of Alien, it gives off a synthetic note that slowly fades away with time.  Alien is beautiful when applied in small amounts.  It's also very feminine and sensual. When I think of Alien, I think of a sultry, beautiful woman standing by a wooden garden surrounded by jasmine flowers.  As the wind blows, the scent of jasmine and deep woods linger in the air while she waits for her lover.  The moonlight is glowing on her skin as he slowly approaches.  The lovely scent surrounds her and it entices him.  He is completely drawn to her....he gives her a passionate kiss, lifts her up and carries her away under the moonlight .......IMO, this scent is very romantic... just lovely!
Hmm okay so this is my first review..... well, it's been my signature scent for 2 years now after my Dad got me a bottle for my 20th birthday, it's an amazing scent. I love ones which are very different and striking, and I think this definitely is... it's got the most compliments out of all of my perfumes. Even 'strangers' which I've never had before sking what it is!! To me (without the in-depth stuff cuz I'm no good at that yet!) it smells velvety, dark, sexy, magic, striking, unique, purple.... it does smell like I'd imagine purple to smell like :) I guess it's more of a wintery scent because it's quite heavy (well, to me anyway) but even last summer I used to spray about 10 sprays on me lol and no-one ever complained! hehe. I'd definitely say it attracts attention, and my GF absolutely loves it on me, it also reminds me of when we got together :-)Anyway sorry for the obviously novice-like review here!
This is chic weirdness at its best. While I'm very particular about what I regularly wear, I will smell and even try anything just once, especially if it captures my imagination. Alien does just that. The opening is an almost metallic green sort of smell, but not overpowering. It's enough to peak curiosity. As it develops, it becomes a lovely yet kooky sort of floral, dominated by a jasmine that is by no means indollic or cloying but still very recognizable. I then notice it becoming an envelope of warm, soft ambers and woods, all the while maintaing a glow of that metallic green note. The scent hugs the skin but still has some considerable sillage. This is at once inviting and familiar and yet remarkable. A must try for jasmine fans as well as cashmere-type fragrance fans. I am reminded of Led Zepplin's "Kashmir" (Or is it "Cashmere?") When I smell this. A definate must-buy, weird bottle or not, but be warned: it may not be for everyone.
I must say, the opening notes are scary to say the least.  They jump at you ala Casper the Friendly Ghost's very scary uncles.  If you are not the curious types, it will put you off immediately.  I, however, really wanted to at least give Thierry the benefit of the doubt after my many disastrous encounters with the ever so repulsive Angel.  Back to Alien - after the top notes sprung on me, they quickly faded into the heart notes, which had a warm yet cold aroma to them - I could tell that come the base notes, I will be sold.....and I was.  I cannot think of any word to describe it except "mysterious".  I think this is what an asteroid would smell like right after it hits the middle of the amazon forest - the asteroid would then smell like Alien right after the Amazonian rains pours on top of it.  It smells grapey but not fruity, soft but not feminine.  If tanzanite or aquamarine had an aroma to them, they would smell like Alien.  It is not a safe fragrance and when you smell it, you either hate it but are drawn to it or you love it and are obsessed with it.  It is one of those fragrances that you have to wear and carry off - otherwise, they overtake your life.  If you have no sense of style and are trashy and classless and love men with no tact, then this fragrance is not for you.  I personally love it.
Alien is not Angel.  It is nothing like Angel whatsoever.Alien is a jasmine-heavy floriental.  Alien is potent and leans toward being sweet and synthetic.  It's mostly a sweet jasmine fragrance with a brief green-ish phase and an ambery-musky base.I would compare Alien to Dior Poison in style and potency.I happen to like Alien.  In small doses it's beautiful.
This is one of my favourites in my wardrobe. It's dark and mysterious and sexy, but warm and inviting. It reminds me of the movie The Dark Crystal, probably because of the purple bottle. But the bottle is very descriptive of this perfume - deep purple is a perfect colour I think. Someone else said "green edges", I think that's spot on. I have syneasthesia, so when I smell a scent I see colours and textures. Absolute thumbs up - I would almost go as far as saying it may become my signature scent one day when I'm done "sleeping around".
I tried Alien this week, i have to admitt that i liked very much, well...i hate Angel..so i thought i would never like Alien, but this scent is so unique! it is like a velvety and elegant dark dress, so sensual and magic...i just love it!  
Ever late to the party I have only just now tried Alien - without expectations of anything. I'm still trying to get a fix on Angel and what all the fuss is about....but back to Alien. The first few seconds after the first spritz were chemically alarming - one jumped back from one's own wrist.But then! Warm and subtle jasmine with a slightly greenish metallic something hovering around the edges. Its underpinnings are ambery woods and the overall effect is somewhat "alien" and mysterious. I'm a jas-maniac and tis is going to have to join the harem.
What can be more beautiful than a beauty? A well dressed beauty. Alien is a well dressed jasmine, succeed to be more attractive than a nude jasmine. Good work. Must have for jasmine lovers.
One of the best Jasmine perfumes ever, period. It's a sultry, but not sickly, powdery, but not suffocating, lovely, sexy close-to-the-skin scent. Extremely sensual without being vulgar and very comfortable to wear. Gets lots of compliments too, which is a bonus!
I never quite understand why women who fall madly in love with Angel aren't able to put it in a separate category when testing Alien. Yes, they are both under the Thierry Mugler name, but that doesn't necessarily make them alike. I think that the name gives it away; Alien. it's not Angel Innocent, It's not Angel Garden of stars, it's simply Alien. Thus, when I tried it I had Angel out of my mind. What I've found with Alien (and every other fragrance out there) is that you must put it on for the "Fabulousness" to take effect. I tried the Perfume (applied with a nifty little gold wand) on my wrist, and went about my day. The way it smells is hard to describe. There's definitely jasmine in there, along with amber and a very slight green note. It almost has a "distant" quality, very synthetic-smelling, but very pleasing. I know that a lot of women are put off by it on the blotter, but I really advise applying some of the perfume oil on yourself and then seeing how you like it.
I love it, very sexy, dark and mysterious.  Though unlike most who find it cold I find it very warm and comforting.  But not comforting in an old slippers kinda way. Perhaps "inviting" is a better word.  Perfect to be worn on a cool autumn night out.
Delightfully bizzare yet, at the same time, familiar and exciting, "Alien" is the brisk, pistachio-like scent of an evening out under a dark, starry night sky or cruising with the windows down and "raisin' hell". It's an experience scent, where another fragrance exists within a fragrance--as part of a story, on a character in a specific time and place. This smells like getting away for a night after an event or holiday...and making out under the stars: Fresh, overly minty breath from spray and gum or menthol drops, perhaps a lingering scent of cheery-sweet cigars and coffee...you've worn your best, sultry fragrance and it's radiating off your skin...and the euphoric briskness of night air sneaks through cracked windows. This is a modern scent that couldn't be mistaken for any place or time before the 1990's---except as 90's cultural nod to 1950's pulp comics, t-birds, pinups and mod appeal...and, perhaps, medicinal rubs of the 1800's (the kind that smelled more like herbal perfume than medicine). This is the scent of "bad" before people grow up and understand what "bad" really means. Provocative, surprisingly nostalgic and exciting! I root for "Alien" because it's so dang weird and seems to embrace its playful weirdness. How can I snub my nose at that?

Not overly fruity.  Lively pink pepper, floral-like smell.  A wintry vibe.  A pretty, gentle layer of patchouli and frankincense.  A touch of foody spice.  Light wood.  Overall this would make a great holiday, candle scent.  No one note really shines, for me.  Smells rather "mainstream" but I enjoy it for some reason.  Not extraordinary enough to warrant such a high price.
Excellent uniting of a myriad of thoughtfully selected fragrance notes! 

Jo Malone's Pomegranate Noir includes:
Top = raspberry, pomegranate, plum, rhuburb, watermelon;  
Heart = lily-of-the-valley, jasmine, rose, pink pepper, clove, olibanum resin (frankincense), opoponax resin (sweet brown myrrh), guaiac wood;
Base = virginia cedar, patchouli, musk, amber.

The meshing of exotic edible and non-edible fragrant notes  yield a scent full of woody, fruity, resinous and spicy accords. It's rich, pungent, powdery, dark, and has a "mature" quality to it which younger wearers may not connect easily with.

Both men and women can enjoy this deep fragrance especially during cooler weather and for informal occasions. Longevity is great, and sillage is nice!

Enthusiastic thumbs up for this masterpiece! 
CdG Fructose
Tom Ford Black Pepper Berry
Terre d'Her Fruitchouli
Best Perfume Ever. Period. Usually don't care for woodsy notes and especially mixed with fruit but this one is great and lasts for several hours. Wear it almost every day.
My introduction to Pomegranate Noir came through a charming man arriving for a pre-theatre get together wearing it and within minutes being surrounded by the assembled company telling him how nice he smelled. The charming man, being a charming man, was somewhat embarrassed by this reaction and got all self-conscious. 
So, compliment hunters, this may be one to try – it projects well and has an oozy, spicy-woody warmth with plenty of the sweets.
Wearing it myself, I find myself transported back to that evening, but that is of no help to you dear reader. So let’s describe a little of what happens when you depress that sprayer. A quick burst of juicy fruity notes – sour-sweet pomegranate and luscious perfumery plums – marks the top, perhaps enough to justify the name, but they recede to the fringes in no time to make way for the deep accord that is the main event. Whatever combination of woody aromachemicals were used in this one, they sure got it right – that woody base is sweet but chewy, with gourmand enticements to tempt you into biting the wearer. Spices like clove and cinnamon (initially heavy but then settling in the mix), hints of smoky incense and dark patchouli round things out. It smells instantly familiar but you will be hard pressed to find another perfume resembling it. Has a delicious mouldiness lurking in the depths which flatters that woody base no end. Sensual without coming across all glandular. 
There’s an instant gratification aspect to Pomegranate Noir that can cross the line into the unsubtle – and it can tire over the long run. But wear it with discretion and walk on that heavenly perfumed cloud.     


Complex, sweet, addictive...

This is such a deep and complex one. It's polarising too, as not everyone will like this I think. I personally received a bad compliment from it, but I don't really care, I like it too much!

The overwhelming notes here are cloves and fruits, mainly plum and pomegranate. I would describe this as a "dry" fragrance. It's not juicy fruit you are dealing with but dried berries. Like the smell of goji berries, if you have ever tried them. The smell reminds me of that.

So I get berries and dark fruits, mixed with incense and clove smoke. Like the smell of menthol or clove cigarettes actually. It is very mysterious. I like it.

I wouldn't recommend wearing it in any high heat, as it's very medicinal in some aspects and can come across as a little harsh and/or "weird". But again, I believe that every fragrance has a time and a place so... I will continue to wear it.

To me this is a love or hate. I love it, but try before you buy. This has a very "unique" smell so if you are looking for a smell which no one else will have, go for this. I would also say that pomegranate is a note I rarely see used in perfumery, and for <i>Jo Malone</i> to pair it up with cloves and incense offers a delicious, interesting twist on it all. I really like it, and the longevity is so good, at least six or seven hours. For an eau de cologne concentration (supposedly) this is quite a feat. Try it if you are looking for something different.

Talk about SMOKEY, SEDUCTIVE, AND EASILY WORN. (THE BATH OIL... WOW!)

No need for resin, or tobacco to spice up your fall fragrances. Pomegranate Noir won it over for me once I tried it on my skin accompanied with that fantastic body cream. The spice really tapers around the fruity accents, but really rolls off woody once the bass notes are around to rock it out for the rest of the trip.

The Pomegranate Noir Chronicle Set (Get it, it's wonderful!) includes 3 outside fragrances that are within the Pom. Noir fragrance itself. Such as, Raspberry (very light and tart) the Casablanca Lilly (classy, with a kick of a seasoned floral) and finally the Guacaia Wood (as if you've plucked a strip of the bark off... ah!) The set allows you to accent the Pom. Noir in many ways, and I have so much fun even using them in my other fragrances.

Unisex is the way to go, after all.. a smell is a smell, and it's best to be told "You smell great! ..what is that?" rather than.. "That Angel smells divine on you." -for all those gourmand lovers.


Pomegranate starts of, with patchouli added after a few moments.  Later a spicy and light peppery component is added, which after about half an hour becomes prominent without ever losing a touch of freshness in the drydown. The change from the top note to the darker tone is accompanied by occasional green elements.  This is an interesting fragrance, with decent silage and projection and a good longevity of four hours on me. One of the more remarkable Jo Malone creations. 
Pomegranate and a zing of pepper — not too sweet.

Since I'm not a fan of fruits, I layer this with the sweet, powdery, light spice of JM Ginger and Nutmeg. It makes for a gorgeous mix, more complex, less gourmand and spice than incense.
I get a bit of fruit for about 30 seconds, and then (strangely, as it's not listed in the fragrance profile) tons and tons of cloves. About 10-15 minutes later, I get a strong cedar/fir scent underlying the cloves. Eventually, the dry-down becomes a mix of cedar and nutmeg (some of my favorite parts of a typical men's cypher) that keeps me sniffing at my wrist for more. The scent really changes drastically over the time that you wear, and lasts 10-12 hours, although is nearly unrecognizable from when you first put it on. Still, I like it. 
I recently tried a sample of this scent and really like it.  
On me it smells warm, deep, exotic and yet powdery.  The scent lasts a long time.  

Planning to get some to alternate with Fig for winter months. 
My favorite is still Orange Blossom layered with Red Roses.  
As my introduction to Jo Malone, I received this as a gift from a relative of mine, after finding the fragrance completely bewitching on her.  This is a very elegant, beautifully crafted scent that smells as expensive as the price tag indicates.  It is definitely fruity, but not a fresh, crisp fruity - more like a carefully aged pomegranate liqueur.  The warm, spicy notes of pink pepper, patchouli, frankincense, and woods do remind me of potpourri, but not in a bad way.  Even with all of these earthier notes, the fragrance still smells clean somehow, and not too heavy or sickening, as one might expect.  Although this is designed to be combined with other Jo Malone scents, it's still a beautiful, sultry, and complex fragrance on it's own, and I have yet to smell anything like it.  The staying power is also outstanding - better than any perfume I have ever tried, high-end or low-end.  I have sprayed just a little bit of this on my neck and have still been able to smell it several days later without having to reapply.  

That being said, I can understand why many people would not care for this fragrance.  I am more partial to the fresher scents myself for everyday wear, but the occasional spritz of this (a little goes a long way) is still an intriguing and sexy delight.   
Good evening scent. Can be very over powering if over done but if delicately done it lasts well and smells great.
  Wow! just wow! I'm speachless.. I'm smitten! My review could actually end right here... well ok let me explain a little more why am I so thrilled. Pomegranate Noir is the same kind of a case as Black Vetyver Cafe. For a long time I was rather not getting myself into trying more of the Jo Malones, and that's because of my horrible experience with Lime Basis & Mandarin which was a total scrubber, a horrible harsh bunch of herbs with an absolute zeroof the promised juicy mandarin... ok but it's not about the Lime Basil & Mandarin right now, it's about Pomegranate Noir. I thought all "colognes" were suppost to be Demeter-like-type. Too linear, with not enough "ooomph" and just bland. God, Pomegranate Noir is everything but bland and linear. When I first spirtzed it on my skin, my senses were awakaned. I love, LOVE, LOOOVE incense/frankincense. Pomegranate Noir has a HUGE kick of frankincense. If you are not an incense type of a person - STAY FAR, FAR AWAY. It is more incensy and rich than my beloved CdG incense series! Is that even possible? Well, yeah! Now I know it is. The incense rather dry and very potpourri-like. The pomegranate note is just the biggest mystery for me here. It adds just a touch of ripe fruitiness to the whole composition. 

  I asked my boyfriend to smell my wrist. Now he loves the more feminine & romantic kind of perfumes on me. His opiniom? "Ummm.... ummm!!" I was like: "Sooooo...?" His reply: "if you smell like this... there is only one place I wanna take you to, actually we are actually already here... our bedroom...". After an exciting hour of love-making he told me this smells like pure, raw, primitive sex to him! He told me it's the most sexual fragrance one could ever pull off. Red silk dress? Yes, but ript off of the skin in a very primitive act. Believe me I've tried many incense fragrances... none of them have that much "oooomph". Pomegranate Noir isn't softened by anything. It's so dry, raw that not anyone will be able to pull that one off. Even the slight pomegranate note seems to enhance it's rawness and adds a "kinky" touch to it, rather than softens it. It's the hardcore perfumery exposed in it's more exciting state.
I'm on my second bottle of this. My favourite Jo Malone perfume and my second favourite perfume altogether. It's a floral but a dark one and I mean that in the best way possible. Those type of perfumes tend to be what I love in a scent so this is why it suits me wonderfully. Masculine and feminine notes working in harmony which is why this one makes it hard to explain ; the notes all balance each other out so it's hard to pinpoint the prominent feature. All I know is that I love it and I have no doubt I'll be buying it again.
Almost hypnotic and almost cloying, almost overwhelming and almost too sweet, this fragrance is sudden and wanton and reminiscent of smelling something in flower - something breath-taking and beautiful one hot, summer's night.  And whilst it's almost too matter-of-fact in its linearity, the shades and tones that rise and fall as it fades are quite lovely - spice and wood and that almost pungently sweet raspberry cordial.  I think it best worn on one's stomach to allow its presence to inveigle itself as a kind of miasma wafting about one.  This fragrance is best applied very, very frugally.  It is one of those that people will crane forward to enjoy but, recoil from with equal vigour when over used.

Love ...LOVE ...LOVE....reminds me of christmas??...must be the frankincense...and the woody smell....truly a great scent for fall/winter...i layer this with d/g "the one"....3 d/g to 1 j/m pom noir.
The only fruity fragrance I can wear without smelling like a farmer's market stall gone wrong.  Aside from the quality of any Jo Malone fragrance, it has to be the combination of the peppers and pomegranate with the other spicy elements.  It manages to smell sweet, clean, earthy, spicy, warm and just... delicious... without smelling over the top gourmand.  Lovely!
Finally a perfume that sort of resembles Jungle, L'Elephant by Kenzo which I adore; its absolutely unique. BUT Jungle is very hard to find & I sense it will be discontinued soon. So Pom' Noir would be my next choice.Hildy
I like this one a lot. I think it is very, very similar to Sequoia by Comme des Garcons. But I like this one a bit better because it is slightly sharper, and it has overall more volume to it. Pomegranate Noir is very linear scent without any depth. That’s okay; it smells very good and that’s it.PN is a simple and wonderful story of red fruits and woods. Indeed, it smells very red woody – just like Sequoia. Warm, fruity and slightly spicy medicinal (clove). Sweet and a tad bitter. Little bit boozy, too.I keep thinking my late grandfathers garden which was filled up with different kind of apple trees, plum trees, raspberry and other berry bushes; red currants, black currants, gooseberries... All very ripe, sweet and warmed by sunlight. Hedge full of waxy and bitter leaves gives its own distant shade.Pomegranate Noir is very long lasting. If you find sweet, dark and fruity scent with woods intriguing, then this is a must try.
Warm and wearable and lasts for ages superb lasting power on my skin, Its more of a winter scent and the 30ml bottle is perfect for travels.
This is delightful.  A warm and spicy red fruit scent, opening with a terrific waft of clove and citrus.  It reminds me of those homemade orange pomander balls studded with cloves, the ones that you place in your closet to make it smell good.  After the opening of clove and spice, the fruit emerges, including a fermented, wine-y note that hovers over a base that's woody, sharp and dry. Very nice, very grown-up, NOIR most definitely! Love this.
The official story says that Jo Malone was insired by a friend wearing a red dress to create this scent. Fact: It is the most masculine JM. Even her Vetiver is more difficult to be warn by a man.Everybody comments on how well it transfers the smell of pomegrenates in a bottle.Fact: pomegrenate doesn't smell to me. Not even a light herbal smell. This is why I hat it.Having said that I urge you to try this perfume as it is the most vibrant, inexplicable perfume I have ever warn. It manages to accomadate completely conflicting notes, and keep them side by side until the deepest of drydowns. First I get hit by a brief burst of melon, then an almost violent burst if campphor, followed by the sweetes cloves you' ve evers smelled. And then all the other ingredients that others have reported but I cannot separate. But what is most intriguing is that it lasts for hours and during the whole time you can inhale on your wrist and still be able to smell ALL the notes you have smelled during the progression of the fragrance. a truely amazing accomplishment. The only negative comment is that it feels sort of like a megalith. Sometimes I feel overpowered by it and I have to abandon it for several months in order to fully appreciate it again.
I'm a fan of scents in the wood/spice/musk family and Pomegranate Noir is a fine one. The fruit note makes it a lighter alternative to my other, heavier scents in the wood/spice family.
A great mixer. So this is a real nice fruity/smoky scent on it's own but the best thing to do with this is spray it on top of one of your other scents. It starts out sweet, very sweet to me but if you spray it on say an amber or woory scent it takes on the other scent and adds a real nice layer to it. It's one that people always ask me what I have on when I'm wearing it . 
Revised review
I hadn’t thought I would like it.  I assumed that it would be very berry/fruity.  Although not bottle-worthy for me, I always find it intriguing.  The scent has been called "enigmatic" and I agree.
The fruit notes start as bright, pleasant, natural, juicy, and not at all faux-synthetic.  Later, they become subtle, dry and complex.  Spices tingle in the background.  The patchouli emerges -- at times earthy-brown, at times metallic, at times tangy (all typical traits).  The scent settles into a nice incense-wood vibe.


This is a beautiful fragrance - dark and fruity - its good for mixing with non complex - I like it with Armand Basi Hiomme and with Taylor's of Bond St Sandalwood Cologne.  The dry down is nice on this and it lingers in the background.
I vaguely remembered that in Greek mythology, poor Persephone had something to do with pomegranates. But did you know that in Exodus the High Priest had images of pomegranetes woven into his robe? That Leonardo and Boticelli featured pomegranates in their Madonna and Infant paintings? That the Qu'ran mentions pomegranates will be  in Paradise?  Or that some Hebrew scholars speculate that the pomegranate was the forbidden fruit in The Garden of Eden?No? It's OK, neither did I.  I looked it up in Wikipedia.Be forewarned though, according to the same: "The pomegranate also evoked the presence of the Aegean Triple Goddess who evolved into the Olympian Hera, who is sometimes represented offering the pomegranate. "So reviewers, myself included, better watch what we say---one diety you do NOT want to piss off  is The Triple Moon Goddess.How does Jo's offering stack up? Longevity is very good. I could still smell it on my skin 9 hours later. This is a   linear scent, so be certain you like it--as you'll be stuck with it for 9+ hours.Sophisticated and unusual. However now that some time has passed I concur with Vibert--it no longer puts me in a good mood, either. Furthermore, I believe women can be better served by this one. The Bride in Kill Bill immediately comes to mind.M.
at the beginning, this smells exactly like cheap little cinnamon red hot candies.  and I love it!
Soothing plums guide frankincense and patchouli into a field of tangy pomegranate and blushing raspberries; who chime in with their own tartness and special zing. With exquisite depth, the pomegranate unravels to feature a myriad of scents; each reminiscent of something great. Dark cherry and cinnamon with dried leaves and sweet scarlet roses and a dash of honey-sweetness are just two of the multitude of creations that this wonderful fragrance can induce visions of. The pomegranate notes become apparent as fighters; as the scent settles on your skin and dries down, the pomegranate still lives and remains the top note. However, that doesn't mean that it dominates the scent and disallows a proper development; rather, the pomegranate allows a generous amount of woods to bleed through, while whoring the bitter notes. There is not much sweetness here, even with the influence of frankincense and raspberries. Rather than sweetening the scent as a whole, they serve to bite out the severe bitterness that such a strong pomegranate carries. Even with the presence of patchouli, containing this particular note of pomegranate is hard, but very well done -- the result is something that's shy of being bitter, but not bland. The fact that pomegranate is showcased here could have resulted in the scent being very linear and bland, but the design and structure of this scent is so well-done and rugged, that there is no room to think that it is merely pomegranate.The drydown is, by far, the most unbelievable of any fragrance I have ever smelled. In fact, I wore this scent four different times in one day just to relive that experience. The pomegranate dies out, and patchouli, frankincense, and a touch of raspberry are left to work wonders on your nose. I almost sense some transparent rose notes; that may just be the earthy patchouli feeding the raspberry and playing even more tricks on my nose though. Regardless of what it is, the beauty of this lies in the fact that it can be so much to your nose... no two drydowns will be the same. I understand, though, that Pomegranate Noir is not everyone's cup of t-- err, bottle of fragrance, so therefore I will leave you with a metaphor: Pomegranate Noir is the ugliest girl in the world, with the most beautiful personality. You pick your poison. No scent is perfect, and few are daring and bold as this one is. A manly composition of pomegranate and sweet fruits is done justice by Jo Malone.Overall rating: 10/10: Yet another high-quality composition we see here; the originality and the amount of effort put into this fragrance is superior to damn near every scent I have smelled.
I like this by itself but layer it with a tuberose or gardenia and it becomes even better. This lasts nicely all day on me. No camphor here.
Top notes :  Pomegranate, Pink Pepper, Raspberry   Middle notes : Plum, opopanax, frankincense   Base notes :  Patchouli, Musk, Spicy Woods  The inspiration for Pomegranate Noir (PN) came to Jo Malone after she saw one of her friends dressed up in a red silk dress at a middle eastern hookah party all the while stuffing dollar bills in her cleavage. I have enjoyed the simple uncluttered soliflores of the Jo Malone line so the "Noir/Dark" label of this fragrance made me wonder if Malone was going all Lutens on us.I shouldn't have worried. PN opens with a perplexing accord. Its sweet, lush and minty....and for a moment, does smell like Vicks vaporub except that there's a plummy fruity aroma enveloping this "vicks" accord. I am intrigued by how this minty fresh smell is engineered .. I don't see cloves listed in the notes pyramid, so the only explanation I can come up with is that PN is probably employing a variety of frankincense that is higher in its camphor (moth ball smell) content than the other constituents. Interms of fruitiness, this primary accord has all the hallmarks of a prune...it can be enjoyable and fun as well as occasionally grating and temperamental. While the incense does its camphor like thing, the distinctive sour and sweet smell of pomegranates is neutered by plenty of sweet raspberry and plum notes. PN loses much of its midnight vaporub funkiness after half and hour or so, and lets a timid patchouli note and some non-descript spicy woods base lead it to its quiet but not-so dark conclusion. The longevity is good..around 7 hours.I admit I expected more "Noir" facets from this scent but knowing Malone's style I wasn't expecting a Jules or Vintage Tabarome. It says "Black Pomegranate" on the label after all, and that could mean "Over-ripe Pomegranates" for all I know. I would have liked more patchouli and spices, and less raspberry and plums in this concoction. Its more complex than other Malone's like Grapefruit and Amber Lavender but is also, strangely, less interesting. With that said, during the dog days of winter and nostril scraping flu attacks, I would still like to spray a spritz or two of PN on my chest before going to bed....I hear it attracts fairies in red silk dresses.Rating: 7/10   
Wow, this is one of the more unique fragrance experiences I've had in awhile. I think everyone's comments so far have been valid.  Depending on what you're thinking when you smell it, it can smell like Vicks, fruit, cloves, pepper, patchouli or frankincense.  However, it does not smell overdone; despite its many opposing characteristics, it strikes me as rather minimalist and dry.  I must admit that I was slightly put off by the (it's true) harsh opening.  I thought of a minty and smoky version of L'Anarchiste, and I smelled a strong clove note.  But where L'Anarchiste puts me off, this intrigues me.  It doesn't have the same sickly aura about it.  The drydown focuses more on the frankincense and patchouli, while the fruit peeks from the background.  This is a wonderful, wonderful drydown.  I'll have to sample it a few more times to make up my mind, but there is a very good chance this is bottle worthy for me.  
Lovely frag. Very mysterious and includes my favourite notes, patchouli and frankincense. The pomegranate fruitiness gives it an overall 'burgundy' feel to it, and a much lighter effect that patchouli in its purer form. Very vampish and sexy. A winter fragrance that would be great for a special Xmas party.Instead of little black dress, maybe little red dress would be more suitable?
EDIT!  I've recently received a sample of this with a JM order and, I tried it again. As is typical of me, one of the fragrances that's affected me most powerfully, is a fragrance I initially disliked on myself.   After rereading my original review, I can't help but stress how much body chemistry, at any given time, affects the reactions of those of us who are extremely sensitive to our olfactory neurons.  Fortunately, chemical change can be positive, and I think my norepinephrine levels must be in better shape. The first review was written a couple of months before I became pregnant with my daughter, who is now 20 months old.  After having her, I guess I smell better!  (Smell as an adjective, not a verb).  In any case Pomegranate Noir is utterly, completely gorgeous; hypnotic, complex, and sensual.  At first it smells like mulled wine, and it quickly transforms to a patchouli-resin warmth that's oddly reminiscent of my favorite Chanels.  This pomegranate beauty is so perfect for enhancing the mood for the upcoming holiday; pomegranate is my favorite fruit to eat, and now Ill enjoy it even more.  Pomegranate Noir comes across as a fragrance that would be perfect for sitting in front of a fireplace after a day of skiing. Our Southern California Autumns, with the Santa Anas in full swing, often are hotter than our summers. Even with its "cool weather" connotation, Pomegranate Noir is beautiful in our current 90 degree+ weather.  The heat brings out a dry warmth in this fragrance (patchouli?) that I absolutely love.   Original Review:  On me this is suffocating.  It's strong, bitter, and harsh.  I think  the combo of frankincense and patchouli  reacts badly on my skin.  I'm with Mr. Quarry on the furniture polish aroma...The composition of Pomegranate Noir comes across as balanced mix of juicy fruits and and heavy woods, and it smells striking and deep when sprayed into the air.  Unfortunately I don't find the smell appealing on my skin, but on someone with the right skin chemistry, I'd enjoy it.
there's something about the frankincense that seems to hail from a dark far-away place, but that somehow also remains pure, the offering to the Christ at the manger..... the pomegranate fruitiness remains warm, edible, hypnotizing. 
If fragrances were brassieres, Ginestet Le Boisé would be a 34B, and Pomegranate Noir would be a 42D. Finally, a break-through scent with a personality. It's been months since my nose has been surprised like this. Husband says he smells furniture polish. Okay, dear, make that royal furniture polish used on a rich Frenchwoman's Louis XVI vanity.

Le Labo Rose 31 is a beautiful, alluring, ethereal fragrance for those of us who adore the contained fragrance notes.  While marketed as unisex, to me Rose 31 leans feminine, which is something I look for whenever I attempt an oud fragrance, or a perfume with oud listed as an ingredient.  Lovely, calming, embracing...I just love this fragrance.

So yes, Rose 31 opens with the expected blast of rose, sharp cumin and the usual spices...notes that give the perfume a very spicy, bitter introduction.  But within 30-60 seconds, Rose 31 morphs with drier, more subtle rose, some cedar, a beautiful oud scent, etc.  The dry-down is more lovely, grounded "old" ROSE...a rose fragrance like something you might expect if you pressed a rose between the pages of an old book, cedar, woodsy notes, musk...and ROSE.

The end result is lovely for me, as many rose-oud-musky-woodsy fragrances tend to remain too "fresh," or too "green" on me.  Not this one.  The interplay between the various notes makes this an interesting, non-linear, peaceful & soothing fragrance.  As an aside LL Rose 31 is not at all powdery, which is another note I dislike in many rose, violet, iris, jasmine, or other floral fragrances.

So, Le Labo Rose 31 is "old rose world" without becoming too "old-lady"-ish, or victorian.  I like this fragrance a lot.  Just wish the fragrance had more staying power, especially at this price point.

Now I'm torn between buying a full bottle of LL Rose 31 or Bella Freud 1971...

Le Labo Rose 31 is truly a unique and beautiful twist on the much tried, saturated rose fragrance perfume market!
I'm not denying that this is a fascinating rose unlike any I've smelled before. It's full of exotic spices and woods, never goes too powdery or sharp like some rose orientals wind up becoming. This is incredibly well done and unique, certainly worth it's price tag, for those who do not have a very specific scent association like I do.

I'll just briefly mention it so you understand why this fragrance and I will not be able to rendezvous again. When I was a girl, I had a babysitter who would take me to school and would also bring a few other girls to school. We would stop by their house and sometimes they wouldn't be ready so we'd have to go in and help them. There were four of them, so as you'd imagine the house was in total chaos. They had 2-3 chihuahua dogs and had a tendency to leave 'puppy pads' out everywhere. There house had the smell of this perfume. That's not to insult this fragrance, on the contrary I'm looking back now and I'm impressed that there house actually probably didn't smell that bad. I never thought their house smelled disgusting or anything, just that it was always a mess and I didn't understand why I myself had to help someone else's kids get ready myself when I was the same age as them and needed to get to school. But now I'm rambling, so I'll close...

It amazes me that some fragrances can take you back to a specific time or memory like this. I never experienced it before when I used to hear other people talking about it I thought they were just being overly fanatical or trying to sound more intelligent about fragrance, but now I totally get what they're saying. I can't explain it but I know it's true, and sadly in this case it's making this fragrance undesirable for me. 

I still recommend this as a must try for anyone who likes rose fragrances and wants to venture into the niche realm. This is one of the most interesting ones I've smelled to date. I really do appreciate the craft and beauty of this, it's just my brain that can't love this one.

Sillage and longevity were good, but not amazing. Around 6-7 hours with average sillage on me.
The best dirty-rose scent that I've smelled. Has a sexy feel to it from start to finish. I prefer this over Declaration d'Un Soir but both are high on my list of fragrance likes and tops for rose fragrances.

The rose is there throughout but always in support of everything else going on, like the cumin in the beginning and then the soft and spicy, woody drydown.

I actually like this better on my wife, so while I do still think its unisex, it leans feminine to me. I still enjoy wearing it because I just keep smelling it on my skin and thinking how good it smells.

Projection is above average while longevity lasts all workday for me.
Notes:
Top: Rose, Cumin
Middle: Rose, Vetiver, Cedar
Base: Musk, Guaic wood, Olibanum, Labdanum, agarwood

Le Labo's Rose 31 is quite possibly the best unisex rose fragrance on the market. Rose fragrances have a reputation of being either very demure tea rose snowflakes, or brash and garish in-yo-face hello kittys. Rose 31 is expertly blended with great ingredients-  its light but still full-bodied rose note is filtered through a dash of cumin, dusted with cedar, and softened by a base of woody oud and musk. The overall affect is of a medium-rare woody and spicy accord softened by rose water. If you find something such as Czech & Speake's No. 88 as too much of a good thing, this is a fantastic alternative. 

Rating: 8.75/10.0
Wow. An amazing rose scent. Rosey enough for a woman to wear, woodsy enough for a man. Beautiful grasse rose with a smokey wood undertone. Suitable for formal or every day wear. I think it smells more in place during the winter months, because it has a holiday vibe to it. Up there with Rose Ikebana at the top of the rose fragrances for me.
2020 EDIT: Rose 31 has become a go-to scent for me. Full disclosure: when I'm starting to stink and don't have time for a shower, a few sprays of Rose 31 in each armpit somehow creates magic.  The mix of Rose 31 and body odor generates a splendorous, shockingly beautiful aura of spicy leather and sharp, rosy vetiver that's SOOOOO muh better than it smells on clean, cool skin...

MY ORIGINAL REVIEW:  This was the first expensive niche perfume I ever bought.  I thought I was being so brave wearing a rose perfume, and smelling it now, I just laugh that I ever thought this was anything other than butchness defined.

Rose 31 is probably the best display of Le Labo's signature grit.  It's that mix of faux castoreum, smoky leathery tar, and upfront cumin that comes together to smell like very old, very dirty, very sweaty leather.  It's what gives the funk to a lot of Le Labo perfumes (their Patchouli, Oud, Vetiver, and the like).  Here, the funk is paired up with cedar and a beautifully executed mix of vetiver and rose.  There's a wonderful fusion going on under the grit, a perfect green dewy watery rose, though beyond the topnotes, it mostly just  brightens and uplifts the dirty elements - I doubt much of anyone would smell this blind and say "oh, it's rose!"

Side note: if you're OK with the ridiculousness of paying $65 for 8 washes worth of soap, the Rose 31 laundry detergent is wonderful, focusing on the vetiver/cedar/rose fusion instead of the dirty elements, leaving bedding and towels smelling utterly fantastic.
The "Human" Rose...

Now, this is one I like very much. There is something about it which strikes the perfect balance between beautiful and dirty, sensual and soft, dry and wet. Rose 31 has all of those things.

I love rose fragrances, but I know they can sometimes be hard to wear. This is one I think everybody would like. It mixes Caraway, Myrrh, Vetiver, Woods & Spices with the Rose. The Rose here is full and prominent yet at the same time soft. It doesn't feel overwhelming in any way, nor does it scream "Rose!" in your face.

It's one I definitely appreciate. A very beautiful fragrance which is worth a try from anyone who wants a different take on Rose, or who doesn't like Rose fragrances in general. This may be a good starting fragrance for that.

Rose 31 is the very first fragrance I've tried from the house of Le Labo. I tried it along with the shower gel, shampoo, conditioner & body lotion. In fact, those alone are enough to perfume your body for the entire day! I recommend this one and it has made me interested to try more from the Le Labo range. Really good.
To me, this smells like Fever Pour Homme by Celine dressed in evening formal wear. A little sparse but rich with spice. The cumin wears on me after a bit but the rose shines beautifully bright against the inky-black olibanum backdrop, like a finely cut ruby at a jeweler's shop.
This is a pleasant sweet rose that walks the unisex tightrope nicely, being a dark enough rose for men but maintaining an overall floral character that's flattering for a woman.  It's not my favorite rose, and as a man, I'm not sure I'd reach for it, but Rose 31 does seem to express its main note in a very full manner.  The sweetness of the cedar and guaiac wood take a suitable backseat to the rose while rounding out any sharpness with their own subdued sweetness.

Longevity and projection are definitely weaker than most of the Le Labo EDPs that I've tried, so it would require quite a few sprays to obtain a strong projection and/or substantial longevity, but men especially might consider it useful that Rose 31 is a little weaker if it leans slightly feminine.  I don't, as my opinion is generally that a fragrance needs to be stronger when the price exceeds double digits.  Still, I enjoy this as a pleasant rose.

7 out of 10
This is my first introduction to Le Labo, and I am pleased, thus far!
I am reviewing the Rose 31 Oil.

If I had known this was out there, I might have stopped scrambling to find that perfectly fall, but wearable all-season rose. You see, there is something decidedly perfect in this that says "I'm more than a pretty flower". This is why the Tudors and Yorks chose this flower as their symbol - it has a power beyond just a pretty flower. There are thorns, and they can be sharp. There is a dark side to the rose, and a bloody history surrounding it. And it is a demanding plant. God knows, those who cultivate them are crazy! Wonderful people, though, but they must treat these plants as though they were sentient beings if they will them to survive and bloom!

Rose 31 as an oil lays close to one's skin and lasts nearly 16 hours on my skin. A delight to layer, or wear alone. It deserves a place in everyone who says they love rose's wardrobe. Truly. 
This one throws a mighty tantrum with an angry blast of cumin before regaining its composure and heading off, cool as custard, to the soirée. Seconds after that seriously niche overdose of cumin, an aldehydic, transparent rose in the classic French manner begins to expand and push the cumin into its place – which is a little corner marked ‘animal’. This tension resolved, Rose 31 gains a formal poise, the rose staying light and floaty, the woody base (quite generic to my nose) adding pleasing warmth, and the spice contained to a level that won’t trouble civilization.
Just when I was thinking that though it’s a thoroughly decent perfume, it somehow lacked the sheen that one expects from this high end and that I’d probably be just as happy with a cheaper designer aldehydic rose, there was a further twist. The soirée a success, this rose decided to give its feet a break and take a back seat, and let a rich combination of sweetly spiced woods take over. This late stage is enticing, almost creamy, and confirmation that Rose 31 is earning its keep.  

I have always found rose based scents difficult to pull off. Rose 31 is one of the few scents with prominent rose that I decided to add to my collection. 

The gender related ramifications are possible with this fragrance too, but it is also one of the very few instances where the quality and the "feel" of a fragrance are sufficient to override any sort of doubts. It is so addictively beautiful that nothing else matters, really. 

The balance of rose and spices here is exceptional. You get both early on, including a generally formidable cumin note, but they create a very unique balance and synergistically enhance each other. One of the few scents that I literally cannot stop going back to wanting to smell over and over...

But as with many other scents, there is also a time and place for Rose 31. I do not see this is as a good choice for a football game at a bar with your mates, but it would be a fine choice for a cool summer evening with a loved one. 


Don't let yourself be put off by the worst approach–ever to customers in their boutiques. Although being rude and arrogant in the shops, some of the Le Labo pieces are wonderful and worth it. This one is a masterpiece. I would advise to purchase online because that's the far better experience...

10/10
Easily the best wearable rose fragrance for men. I don't get much of the cumin which is a good thing; but I do get the spice, which is a good thing too, because without it, it would just be boring. The rose note is green and "dewy", like roses, mixed with the morning air, after a rainy night.

By far the best rose fragrance I have tried thus far. High quality, natural smelling, long lasting, and somewhat unique. I have yet to find a cheaper alternative though, but the journey continues.
Genre: Floral

Rose 31 is a dry, doughy, and peppery rose from the moment it lands on my skin. The rose is accented by attractively bitter green notes and bold cedar, which soon blend into a seamless, stark, and dusty rose accord that projects strongly from the skin and leaves plenty of sillage behind it. There’s a bit of powder, along with something mildly astringent in the background, and these notes can make Rose 31 a little bit sneeze-inducing if I sniff it too closely. In time the doughy element reveals itself as a tangy, yet well blended patchouli note. 

Rose 31 continues on a straight course for some hours before the floral notes subside to leave a bone dry and powdery cedar-dominated drydown. When compared to some of the other fine unisex/masculine rose based fragrances, Rose 31 seems close to a straight up rose scent. It lacks the dark, spicy profundity of Czech & Speake No. 88, the leather bar cruelty lurking in Montale’s Black Aoud, and the crisp green notes and fruit that decorate Diptyque’s L’Ombre dans l’Eau. In the purity and focus of its rose accord, it comes closer to Serge Lutens’s Sa Majeste la Rose, but where the Lutens rose is moist and voluptuous, the Le Labo scent is desiccated, like dried petals in a cedar box. Rose 31 is a distinctive take on rose, and I’d recommend anyone who enjoys cedar-heavy scents like Tam Dao or Satellite’s Padparadscha give this Le Labo offering a try.

A standout by far, the rose is the loud talker for about a few hours then, it dies down but it still remains a lead in this fragrance. The amber also plays a supporting member in this masterpiece along with the nutmeg and cedar. 
Got this as a sample.

This is great stuff from the start. I get cinnamon and subtle rose. It doesn't last very long and would probably be better on my wife anyway because it smells exactly like her Chaos by Donna Karan.
The opening rose is gorgeous: a rose that is elegant, bright, with hardly any sweetness on my skin, with a green leaf note, beautifully done.  Then caraway with vetiver are added in the drydown.  After about three hours the scent very rapidly collapses and from then on remains very close to my skin. The rose is now only a shadow of its former self, and in spite wood and labdanum making a restrained appearance in the base, this latter phase is not only quite unoriginal but plainly disappointing.  The silage and projection are good throughout the first three hours, and the overall longevity is quite good at six hours overall.  A nice summer scent for cooler days; just hovering at the border between a neutral and a positive score due to the substandard second half.  I ask myself: if this scent would only display the beautiful first three hours and then vanish, would I give it a positive score?  The answer is: yes; so it is an overall thumbs-up, but only by the skin of it's teeth
StunningAs soon as I smelled it today at Saks, this perfumed reminded me of L'air du Désert Morocain by Tauer.  It's spicy, aggressive, enveloping, a pungent and intoxicating floral with something grittily delightful beneath.  Originally formulated for men, it made this woman buy it.  Couldn't resist.Pros: Spicy dirty roseCons: 
Roses for men!	This is just an absolute gorgeous scent on a man. Seductive without being too feminine. I find it very comparable to Creed Windsor, I'm shocked nobody has already mentioned that! Both are shockingly similar. Bought a bottle the day after I received a sample, Yes........... it's that good. Pros: Long Lasting, incredible sillage and projectionCons: Very Expensive"

Rose 31 is a transparent rose sitting over a foundation of soft incense and a rather large dose of cumin, but it still continues to be light and airy.  The base of spice and wood is rather long lasting.  This is not a fragrance that I enjoy wearing, but I find no fault with the execution.  

It should be a try for anyone on a rose/incense search, as it offers a slightly different take on these classic notes.  It is contemporary and relevant.  
Light rose and cedar combo. Very subtle and elegant. Totally justifies the price imo and one of the staples of my wardrobe.

The rose here is not of like the Amouage's or Montale's, no need to be afraid of a heavy sillage or feminine-rose affections, since this is so elegant, you can easily wear it daily in offices or enclosed spaces. A real joy to wear that one.
i pick up more light incense and light cedar more than rose. very appealing and casual. definately different and unisex. i only have a 1ml sample but looking for a good price for the full sized bottle. would be great for the upcoming spring/summer waether!!!
I fell in love with this at Liberty London before reading any reviews (probably a good idea anyway), so was surprised to read it's considered a men's fragrance as I think it's one of the most feminine scents I own.  Okay, MY interpretation of feminine (not a fan of florals).  The longevity is impressive and the rose lingers throughout the dry down even as the incense base announces itself.  I get bergamot as a top note which dissipates gently while allowing the rose and incense forth-is that frankincense?  I find the whole fragrance  experience quite mystical really, conjuring the sense of an ancient stone church with  the door open to luscious Spring afternoon.  I am on my second bottle and that's a strong vote of approval from me.  I am heading to London again as I am starting to run low and I remember liking Le Labo's  London exclusive, Poivre 23, as well.


Here's what i get from this juice: You're walking through a pasture and you approach an old, abandoned barnyard. The wood is falling apart and rotting. And all around are wild roses growing everywhere. Through the cracks in the walls, from the ground,etc.. Just that aroma in the air filled with roses and a dirty, earthy smell. The smell of the dirty,earthy vibe is a bit stronger than the smell of the rose. You're not smelling the roses up close to your nose, but you smell them all around ,everywhere as if you were just walking through. A very nice, earthy and natural rose scent.
Love this stuff. projection and longevity are great. as a young guy i wasnt sure if a rose fragrance would be for me, but this stuff just smells so amazing. imagine a guy wearing a smooth, woody fragrance whos hugging a freshly showered girl wearing a light rose fragrance, and you walk passed. smells so good. i can't wait to wear this on a date/meeting friends
This is IMO not a mans fragrance. I bought this blind, and while I'm not regretting it cuz it smells great, I think it's a little feminine. Strong rose from start to finish and some spice to add a little edge. My lady loves it, but I think she's secretly trying to steal it..
This is a well-constructed fragrance, don't get me wrong. It just doesn't do it on my skin.

Imagine going into your kitchen pantry and pouring cumin and clove into rose water (smell) then add some Ivory hand soap (smell again), and finally mix it together and dump it on a cedar plank (smell one last time).

It's clean, interesting as it progresses, and I can see why people like it so much. I have to give it a thumbs up, even if I dislike it, as it is a great fragrance. But I'd say it leans more feminine, at least to my nose, due to the heavy powder and rose aspects. I don't get enough spice and wood to really call it a strong play for a man, unless that man prefers sweet, feminine scents or if the wood really shines on his skin. Good for the summer in the daytime. 

Decent sillage, not great longevity on me. The price is prohibitive but a 1ml sample of this is worthwhile to see if it rocks your world.

One great creation from Le Labo! Great opening with a blast of rose that pretty quickly is enriched by cumin and incense. I know there is no carnation listed but to my nose and on my skin the concoction reminds me of spicy carnation. Therefore, for quite some time I thought that there is some similarity to early CdG. In any case I thought this is an excellent fragrance. On my skin one small application lasted for about 5 hours. The dry down which I can smell now on my wrist is a somewhat sweet and mellow remnant while the rose has totally evaporated. I thoroughly enjoyed rose 31 and would go as far as purchase a bottle. This sample will go fast!
What a marvel and a treat to try this masterpiece! I will second this to Amouage homage as one of the most awesome scents i have ever encountered(although non of the 2 is my favorite;that honor goes to mitsoko). 
I am not a rose fan, indeed i run away from rose scents.
But this one, i donno spicy notes?, has given it a unique balance between the sharpness of roses and
Heaviness of spices.
I currently own 10 ml decant but surely very soon will be buying a full bottle.
Le Labo is fast becoming one of my favourite niche fragrance houses. I am already a huge fan of Oud 27, so while I was on a massive rose search, I decided to give Rose 31 a try.

I tested this fragrance knowing full well that it was a male fragrance. Many female celebrities however, delight in wearing Rose 31, so I was game enough to spray it liberally on my skin.

What an interesting take on rose. It is neither too floral nor too masculine. Rose is actually the most subtle note in this composition, with the woods, spices and earthy notes playing for dominance.

Somewhat animalic in its nature, this is dirty, raw rose. The best description I can give is that of a delicate rose mushed into the ground, smoothered in mud, set on fire and drizzled with resins and spices.

Dark, but light-hearted at the same time, Rose 31 is a little bit like Tauer's Incense Rose, but not so smokey. The scent itself, despite its boldness, never becomes too overpowering. I do believe that this fragrance would work well as both a casual and formal scent.

Well, after testing this fragrance I would not categorise it as a strict rose soliflore, nor would I say it is for men only. Surprisingly, rose haters would probably really enjoy Le Labo's Rose 31.
Damn. What a beauty.

I get quite a lot of rose out of this, contrary to what some have said. Rose is the star on my skin, complimented by cedar, cumin and an airiness that never becomes too thick or overpowering. 

The cumin note is executed perfectly. It never once smells like BO, it just makes the fusion more interesting. The composition smells somewhat "pretty," yet still masculine - and that's the concept of the fragrance in a nutshell. 

Rose 31 is wearable AND interesting. 
Powerful sticky rose up front, then a heart of spicy cumin and pepper and cedar shavings with dried crush rose petals in the background. A bit dense and cloying up front in the top, but nice to have a basically woody scent in the drydown with a Rose underlying it. Feminine smelling in the bottle, but masculine on the skin after the opening. 1 spray, 2 max, and I have dry skin that tends not to prolong. 
The drydown has thankfully no sweetness or vanilla or even much musk, only spicy cedar and vetiver (the dry but non-smoky type) balanced by the slightest powder and remembrance of the rose, along with a good dose of frankinsence. It's romantic, strong and exciting

This is for a night out that will go, well, all night; not for the office.
This is a dry, woody rose fragrance from the get go. The rose hits you from the beginning and is slightly floral and green (though not green in the vein of L’Ombre Dans). There is cedar and cumin from the start as well and they play a great supporting cast. These notes persist throughout and this one has great longevity. The rose does fade a bit and you are left with a cedar and cumin dominant fragrance towards the end. If the dark roses are too much for you, then you most certainly need to give this one a shot. 
Every Le Labo creation I have encountered has been a work of art.  Rose 31 is no exception.  Expecting a huge rose à la Parfums de Rosine, instead I get rose petals in a spice market with incense burning and food cooking.  It encapsulates a whole world in one whiff.  The complexity of the florals with the woods and cumin is unlike anything else I have smelled.

I adore Rose 31.  Bravo!
Anyone who's expecting a bold and deep rose in the same vein of C&S No.88 should be prepared for a big disappointed. Instead if you're up for a woody/incensey/peppery composition enriched by a transparent rose note, this is a fantastic fragrance to check out.

Aldehydes get the party started immediately joined by a massive (but never overdone) dose of cedarwood and some frankincense. A transparent peppery rose floats around adding refinements and character. The fragrance slowly turns into an amazing, slightly powdery, woody/spicy drydonw that lasts for ages (this is the best part IMO even if the huge amount of Iso E Super can result off-putting to someone).

Overall, Rose 31 is more of a woody fragrance than a rose one and brings to mind of many Duchafour's compositions (Paestum Rose above all) for its transparency, radiance and general style. It could have been easily included in the Comme Des Garcons Series 2 Red as Cedar with the only difference that it would have costed 1/3 the price.

Good.
Great work about an aerial and transparent rose. It´s clean , semi spiced, half fresh /half dry ... an unquestionable work of art.
I like the way that cedarwood works here and and gives it a sea breeze air.
one thought: maybe the creation is not about the rose flower , but about the concept of the beauty of the rose. 
an absolute must have!
I find Rose 31 to have the most wonderful dry-down, I just can't get enough of it.

This was the first niche fragrance that I've tried that I consider to be bottle-worthy in both scent and longevity.


Le Labo Rose reminds me of Alexander McQueen's Kingdom (which I adore), but much, much quieter and more refined. On me, it has low-medium sillage, and I don't amplify scents very well. Somewhere in the drydown I get a burst of citrus, like bergamot or something. Which I know is not listed in the official notes!
I'm not a big expert when it comes to defining notes, however, I'm good at describing impressions a scent creates. At a first whiff it smells like a sweet, highclass brandy, but this is short term as it really quickly turns into something sweet, spicy but nothing like we're used to in context of sweet that is usually represented by Body Kouros, Le Male, Pi etc.
Rose 31 has a woody vibe to it, element of warm wood is present to my nose, rose itself I cannot expurgate. Rose 31 is deep, sincere, not at all shallow. It represents a good taste, a man with deeper thoughts and senses. 
Despite its motley line-up of noses, Le Labo seems nevertheless to be cultivating a house style: transparent yet tenacious fragrances with an underlying woody character that orbit the notes of cedar, gaiac, and oud. Rose 31 is very much in this mold, but adds a sprinkling of cumin and a good slug of rose absolute to the mix. With less cumin than Rose Poivrée (The Different Company), and less frankincense than Incense Rosé (Tauer), this is close in intent to the scorched petals of Duchaufour's Paestum Rose for Eau d’Italie. The best feature of Rose 31 is its drydown and confident sillage, which is fresh, peppery, and feels effortlessly natural. 
When I first tried this I thought that my sample was contaminated.  I smelled the rose, but there was alot going on and the cumin comes on strong at first.  However, it settled down quickly and Rose 31 has one of the best drydowns of any scent I have tried. I used up my sample and made plans to purchase a bottle soon.  

This is a rose scent, but it is more than rose and even though the rose is in the mix at all times there is enough to this scent that it is more than just roses and it is beautiful to wear.  Highly recommend to anyone even if you do not like rose.

I do have to agree with Scentsitivity, what Le Labo was able to do with Rose 31 is create an edgy, gruff, and manly "caricature of a rose".  Where I differ is that I find that to be the allure of this fragrance.  It is the Burt Reynolds of roses.  Furthermore, just like a real rose, this scent blooms from a light and crisp rose bud into a full blown spicy floral.  An incredibly unique and masculine take on a traditionally feminine scent.
Smells exactly like wondrwood by comme DES garcons but CdG is nicer because it's more intense .
There is almost no rose scent.
-------—•

I take the above back. It's a lovely amimalic rose.  Lovely combination of spices, incense and rose. definitely unisex! 
Make sure to get at least 4 sprays to truly enjoy it.
I consider Rose 31 to definitely fit into the unisex role. It's assertive and somewhat exotic - dessicated rose petals from well-worn boutonniere resting in a cedar spice casket - one that has seen the passage of time. There is a slight hint of distant sweat and urine, but in a very pleasant and comfortable manner. Cue the Noel Coward on the gramophone, I'm ready for a foxtrot.
I don't get cumin, animalic, or dirty...not at all.  On the contrary, to my nose, Rose 31 is very soapy clean (think high-end French soap).  In fact, this soapy quality was my first and most prominent impression of the fragrance, and it's still the quality that stands out the most to me.  Like other Le Labo frags, Rose 31 is masterfully composed in that it's exquisitely balance.  The light clean quality of the rose has somehow been isolated and amplified while the heavy floral quality has been muted.  The rose has then been surrounded with light woods and inoffensive spices that make it elegantly round, not sharp.  In the drydown, it smells a lot like Creed's Erolfa, though I like Erolfa much more (it was my first Creed).  Incidentally, like the other Le Labo frags I've sampled, Rose 31 could easily be worn by men and women alike.  Gender lables in perfumery are archaic; in another 10 years, I believe such lables will be obsolete and extinct.
I typically avoid roses but i did find it rather interesting to what's out there.  I just thought it could've been a little rounder and a tad sweeter.
Very warm, rather exotic - like an incensey potpourri of wood shavings and rose petals on a bed of glowing embers. This was the best part for me; for a moment I thought I had just stepped into a lost ancient temple where dark-robed monks chant long-forgotten mantras in an incense-filled inner sanctum. But back to reality. I hate the cheapo lab bottle design but the drydown definitely smells 'high quality', much in the same vein as the better packaged Amouage's Jubilation XXV. And if you're looking for a masculine rose scent that commands respect, put ROSE 31 on your test list. You'll be glad you did. 
Magnificent stuff.  The cedary drydown is lovely.  Can't wait for morning to roll around so I can apply it again.  Giant thumbs up on this one.
Love Love Love Rose 31! Out of all my so called niche scents, This is the one that garners the most compliments,           Like wow you smell very fresh and masculine or dam I need to buy that for my husband!  To be honest 
none of them have the longevity that this one has, Seems like 24 hours on my skin, Now I don't know 
about notes and all that other stuff,  But I do know what smells good, and this stuff smells AWESOME! 
A very warm and woody rose, reminiscent of other rose fragrances with strong woody/resinous/spicy basenotes such as Diptyque Oponé, Tauer Incense Rosé, Eau d'Italie Paestum Rose and L'Artisan Voleur de roses. Though I'm not a fan of rose scents or rose notes in general, I really appreciate this particular scent category, and Rose 31 is no exception. I don't think I need more than my sample though - both Incense Rosé and Paestum Rose are higher on my "to buy a full bottle"-list. My girlfriend didn't get the rose at all, she thought it smelled like birchwood, and I can see that - the sweetness of the rose blends together seamlessly with the sweetness of wood. To me, that's a good thing, since I'm not the greatest rose fan around.
What I like best about Rose 31 is;  it does not try to smell like a real rose.  Weird, I know.  Like a richly fragrant rose boutonniere, worn by a man, the smell of rose is accompanied by notes of wood and touch of green.  Maybe even a touch salty.  As this one wears on, the woods are more prominent...and smells like there's cedar in the base.  I hate to use the terms 'animalic' or 'musky', as they seem too much.   I prefer to say Rose 31 exhibits a slightly mysterious character.  Finding myself repeatedly sniffing at my wrist, I have to say it is compelling and interesting.  Suprising  to see it classified as a masculine ~ for me, it's most definitely unisex!  Like Foetidus puts it, "an inspired (masculine) interpretation of rose", for sure!
I really like Rose 31! It starts with what I perceive as a mouth watering, juicy rose accord followed by a spoonfull of incense, wood, and pepper that reminds me of the same combination's impressions in fragrances like CdG 2MAN and Escentric Molecules Escentric 01, though its use here is much more sparing and certainly not as aggressive as it is in the CdG. While cumin can often come across as unwashed or sweaty (as can gaiac wood and cedar wood notes on my skin as well) the ratio of cumin to rose creates a rather tame cumin impression which to my nose really contributes more to the woody, incense-y gaiac/cedar/cistus spoonful impression rather than creating its own impact.  This is an extremely versatile fragrance, one that puts a smile on my face. Though some find it dark, animalic and a little dirty, I don't experience it that way so much. It seems casual -- a fragrance one might reach for several times a week. It's interesting, certainly, but in no way challenging or persnickety. Rose 31 bursts to life in warm weather, highlighting the spicy, woody, tiny bit dirty sly grin elements as well. Many many thumbs up. 
Like Jenson, I thought that Le Labo 31 was rose water on first wearing.  Second time, I got a little bit of that cummin note.  My usual inclination is to try it once, maybe twice and form my opinion.  I was thinking this would be a netural rating, in that while I liked it, given its price, it was not earthshattering.  Well, it is just on my mind and having smelled more rose scents in the meantime, this keeps coming back.Czech and Speake 88 is a darker rose for sure, more pungent, more earthy, more projection.  But the 88 goes soapy on my skin, and reminds me of soap my grandmother used to have.  The Different Company's Rose Poivree is much, much heavier on the pepper.  Montales Rose Petals is perhaps more projection, longer lasting, but it is a more of a pure rose scent.  Head up against each other, Rose Petals leans to feminine (but is not a feminine scent) while the Le Labo is certainly the more versatile.
The first real rose scent for men. Everyone that ever hated rose will love this one. All you have to love is fresh spices of incense, pepper and vetiver. An amazing scent for men or women! Two thumbs up in my book...
I don't know what others are referring to when they say doughy, but it does kind of have that three dimensional quality to it.  To me it smells more like a "winey" rose.  I reserve this fragrance for 3rd dates or romantic occasions in general.  Not overpowering, excellent sillage, longevity is decent.  One of my current favorites, I just don't wear it often unfortunately :-(


The opening of mint/apple plus a touch of lemon is exceptional and hangs around, eventually giving way to some vanilla in the drydown. I had no preconceptions of Eros going in and was pleasantly surprised. It does strike me as youthful and a good upgrade choice for young men looking to smell classier than drug store body sprays and fragrances. I consider it small bottle worthy and will likely consider repurchase when it's gone. It is a scent that is fresh enough for spring/summer and rich enough for fall/winter. Good for the office if not over sprayed and definitely indicated for date and club use. Thumbs up. 
A remarkable fruity and crisp apple with cooling mint at the beginning, and then the appearance of aromatic Tonkabean and the alluring sweetness of Vanilla.
One of the best creations of Aurelian Guichard.
A beast mode fragrance, minty with incredible performance! 
This is the scent that got me into fragrances. I never bothered learning about them prior. My friend just smoked a joint and I picked him up to go to the gym. He had then just sprayed something on him. It smelled sweet and fresh at the same time, it was amazing to me. I asked him what it was: he told me, "Versace Eros". Showed me his 1.7 oz bottle. I immediately bought a bottle when I got home later that night. I knew nothing about how popular it was or when you were supposed to wear it, but I loved it and still do to this day. The mint and apple in the opening is beautiful to me and the slightly woody vanilla in the sweet dry-down is addictive. I don't really like overly sweet smells in general, but this kind of sweet if you don't over-spray is a really tolerable enjoyable amount. 

Longevity of my batch from 2019 is great, I find that the consistency of both the old and new batches carry and maintain a great longevity, for me its always around 8-10 hours. 
Projection is WELL-above average for a edt. Its great and definitely will project and get you compliments. 

Scent: 9/10
Longevity: 9/10
Projection: 9/10
Versatility: 7.5/10 (I love the scent, but I don't think I would wear it as an everyday scent, you probably could though as depending on how much you spray)

Recommend? YES 100%
This scent thoroughly flummoxed me - through two edits, I started an annoyed neutral, went to an outright thumbs down and now I'm back to a thumbs up with some caveats. 

The best way I can describe this fragrance is to compare it to a Roald Dahl book - it's a big friendly giant. There is nothing subtle or understated about it, especially in the base which is big, boorish and sweet in an endearing way. 

For some reason, the first night I tried this the tonka, ambroxan and vanilla were utterly overwhelming and that formed a negative impression I've struggled to recover from. It was unseasonably hot, so that could have been the impetus for my initial ire. I also really struggle to pick out the cedar notes, which is seriously disappointing to me as I'm a huge cedar fan. 

Having said that, at the right time and in the right setting, this is a lot of fun. Two sprays only for clubbing or date night, especially in colder weather. 

It's a shame the opening doesn't linger a bit more, as I found it to be bright, lively and on the pleasantly sweet side - the dry down is heavy and heady, which normally isn't me at all, but I've come to appreciate this for what it is. 

Given the fair price of admission, thumbs up. 
The overall impression is of candy floss. The mint and lemon keep things bright and lively, but when combined with the Tonka bean and the vanilla, the effect is delicious. Not classically masculine in the least, but very appealing to the younger set in the way that sweet, fruity wines are. Ambroxan (Venezualean?!?) is the synthetic version of ambergris, which that keeps the base salty, oceanic, and lilting. Geranium gives it zip, and a wan cedar serves as the anchor. Oakmoss and Vetiver? Can’t find them in there. This fragrance is all about the initial impression.

*This was a daring composition because it is essentially a gourmand for men. Only one other commercial men’s fragrance that I know of which managed to pull this off- Givenchy’s Very Irresistible for men. It became a cult classic but was not generally well received on account of its Thin Mint cookie note, and was quickly discontinued (whilst the more classic woodsy rose of the women’s version marches on to this day).
I am trying to compare apples to apples with another fragrance Le Male Ultra Male. Seen a lot of reviews on these two before I added both to my collection. Both have the same idea in terms of idea. Eros is a beast when comes to initial projection and keeps that mode for quite a while and smooths to creamy and less sharp at the end. Le Male is balanced to be not sharp but smooth right to the end. Eros is very sharp right on first spray. May have to be the apple that gives it that vibe. I have recieved compliments on both however Le Male is more seductive in nature. Both are great for out doors however at work, if you chose to use Eros, limit your spray to a max of 2 as you may cloy others. I have it in my good list as I enjoy these scents.
This one is another one that shouts out “LOOK OVER HERE!!”... especially in the opening. The 1st stage bursts out with vanilla notes, and definitely calls out for attention. When it mellows into stage 2 its a sweet, proud swagger that women absolutely love. It’s an absolutely awesome frag, but it’s not for everyone.
I liked this fragrance when I tested it at the shop where I purchased. When I got home and wore it, I was confused. Was it too minty? Was it too strong? Am I too old to be wearing this? Then after a few days, I settled into it and now I really like it. It smells better to me after the dry down, when it mellows out a little. It's a nice scent and I will be using it frequently.
It honestly was only a matter of time before the house of Versace also jumped on the ambroxan/norlimbanol bandwagon of male fragrances with synthetic ambery woods bases, as dictated by the always trend-setting Chanel (for better or worse) with their Bleu de Chanel (2010) penned by Jacques Polge on his way out the door. Versace has always been one step behind everyone else in terms of male compositions in the perfume industry (where trends are concerned) after the unfortunate passing of Gianni himself, since he often was hands-on with these because he wore them himself, and Donatella let the company sort of run itself for quite some time after his death, particularly with male-oriented products because she had no knowledge in that area. Every now and then something quirky comes down the pipe to keep us interested, and Such a scenario was the case with Eros (2013), a fragrance seemingly built up from the work on Versace Blue Jeans (1994), but perhaps improved with the removal of the powdery core which I find too annoying to ignore. This is Donatella's first hands-on with a masculine fragrance, with Aurélien Guichard tackling Eros as it's perfumer, and since he's becoming something of a house perfumer for Robert Piguet, I imagine he was on loan for this work. Eros feels to me like a marriage between the ambrox-powered "blue cologne" smell established by Bleu de Chanel, and the sweet semi-oriental synthetic night club tones of Paco Rabanne 1 Million (2008), merging a cool opening and warm base with a Hell of a lot more sugar and spice. Something like this combination suggests would make a fragrance which appears deceptively fresh upon first noticing, then grows rather warm and smothering quite quickly, but if it's meant to pull double-duty in both the office and the club, a lighter hand can prevent it from being the "beastmode" projector that it otherwise can become. The gorgeous bottle in which this is presented merges the color schemes of past flacons, like the aforementioned Blue Jeans, and the Medusa-head motif as seen on bottles like Versace The Dreamer (1996), with a Greek frieze-style patterning along it's sides. Even people who hate this stuff love the bottle, and I can totally get why, as it pretty much screams "VERSACE" at you from the counter. 

Eros opens with mint, lemon, and green apple, all of which I can detect and which hearken me back to the 90's when these notes were more common among masculines. The fruity sweetness countered by the citric bite and coolness of lemon and mint respectively is particularly 90's inspired, and is where my mind makes a connection to Blue Jeans, with it's "citrus cocktail" that's basically a mojito in disguise. Eros also follows with geranium just like Blue Jeans, but where these two differ is in the development past the top and part of the middle, as the powder tones of Blue Jeans are excised to make way for tonka and ambroxan which both are unusually early to arrive in Eros. This uncommonly rich middle phase is the direct result of using what have been base notes in most other scents as heart notes in Eros, but that comes with a price: this stuff really blows the doors off compared to it's other ambrox brethren. Dior Suavage (2015) may win the battle in sheer volume with it's norlimbanol overdose, but for a fat and almost intimidatingly sweet bass riff, Eros wins the day, and will thrum along for days especially on clothes. The base of cedar, norlimbanol, and vetiver isn't dry enough to counteract that heavy-handed tonka and faux-ambergris in the top, which is further supplemented by vanilla and oakmoss in the base. One thing is certain: anyone wearing Eros is definitely trying to make an entrance, and possibly a statement to boot. I'm not saying this stuff doesn't smell good, but you're more likely to have a bad experience with this if it's on a more-casual fragrance wearer, because they're not going to be skilled enough with application to know how much is enough, and thus Eros joins the ranks of bombs like Pierre Cardin Pour Monsieur (1972), Bogart One Man Show (1980), Lapidus Pour Homme (1987) and Joop! Homme (1989) where a warning label for application should be included for public safety. Suffice it to say sillage is nuclear and longevity is eternal on this one. I'd say keep this to the clubs, as it has less versatility than it pretends to, but it's the first truly stand-out creation from this house in a long time, plus the only modern one really worth dropping into a department store to sniff.

Eros will obviously not appeal to the older fellas who stopped caring about any designer fragrance the day oakmoss was restricted in 2011, and still have PTSD over the use of calone in the 90's (come on guys, really?), but for the man looking for a rich and sweet club hopping tune that smells different from the blood orange bomb of 1 Million or the revered gay club icon that is Jean-Paul Gaultier Le Mâle (1995), this might do the trick. In colder months, with much lighter application, Eros might also serve in place of Bleu de Chanel as an office scent, since it carries the "blue pleasantness" of mint and citrus, but has a beefier base which makes it more formidable when the needle on the thermostat dips below comfortable levels. Even in this scenario, I'd be careful if your job keeps you indoors a lot, because Eros has almost an almost horrific amount of lingering power, and the trail you'll leave from office desk to copier and back might make some sort of unintentional scent boundary if you don't watch where you spray. Eros succeeds in delivering the ambrox/norlimbanol trend in the brash House Versace style, and although they have since released several lighter, more aquatic, and totally tepid casual playthings since it's release, this is still the best one outside of their classics for a guy that wants to shout to the world that he never gave up on the Versace brand even after all the rock stars stopped endorsing them. I feel Eros is a missing link to the 90's heyday of the label (which many particularly-set-in-their-ways old heads don't like either) for a house which has had trouble finding it's direction in the 21st century from a fragrance perspective, and it's a good base from which to work, even if there actually haven't been any flankers of Eros since it came out. There certainly isn't niche quality in this, but definitely niche levels of performance, so Eros is also good value-for-money in that department, it just has about as much subtlety as  Batman crashing through the skylight, so be warned.  Thumbs up for this odd mix of fresh and loud.  
This is rather remarkable, need to use in small amounts but the essence is inescapable. I use it when walking out and about. Hit a single spray of Le Male with it, very nice indeed. 
Cool, minty and sweet. Also, a strong performer that gets noticed. Very similar to LeMale Eau Fraiche (Superman/Popeye). Ladies do like this and it seems suited for a younger crowd but if it makes you feel good, wear it. 

The performance is so good that this can become cloying if over-sprayed. Projects and lasts all day with the best projection coming in the first 4-5 hours. 
This cologne is bomb af. The longevity of it is insane. It will start out smelling like fresh apple and lemon, then periodically it will smell like sweet vanilla.
A new take on Versace Homme, which is fine with me.  Makes it a little more creamier.  A true hit.
I think this one is given a hard time unfairly so.

It is what it is. It's no masterpiece. But what it does offer is a freshness, Great projection/longevity & a lovely mint/vanilla combo. Great for clubs and bars. If you don't take yourself too seriously then you will/can learn to like it!!! 
I bought this fragrance as a clubbing/night out scent.  I find this to be a projection beast that cuts through other fragrances in the area.  If you want to stand out this is the right fragrance.

In the opening I can smell a lot of apple and mint with hints of the vanilla.  The midnotes tend to lean more toward the vanilla and apple.  The base is a warm sweet vanilla.  

This is not a very flexible fragrance and can really only be used for nights out.  Overall I love this fragrance and would give it a 9/10
Versace Eros is a masterful fragrance and a must have alongside other Versace fragrances such as ‘Dylan Blue’, ‘Dreamer’ and ‘Versace Pour Homme’. I am reviewing a new bottle of the EDT version which has been reformulated, not the Eau de Parfum concentration. 

The initial blast is vanilla, tonka bean, mint, and sweet fruit over a base of vetiver and woods. I don't get any lemon or flowery notes. It smells natural, high quality and projects extremely well. If you're not a fan of vanilla, mint or tonka bean, you will not like this fragrance. If you are, then this is a great scent you’ll instantly love. Women absolutely love this scent and go crazy for it. 

The middle and base are pure vetiver and cedarwoods, with the ever present vanilla and sweet notes. With a liberal application of ten sprays (neck, chest, shoulders and wrists), I am getting about 10-12+ hours of longevity with great projection and sillage within in the first six to eight hours. Then its a subtle but ever present scent for another four to six hours. It stays on clothes and fabric for at several days up to a week or two depending on the application.  

There is certainly no beast performance or nuclear sillage here anymore thanks to reformulation, so I am guessing people here are recently reviewing the EDP version or vintage bottles which last quite a bit longer and perform even better. But make no mistake, even the reformulated version has  very good performance. 

This smells very similar to Jacques Bogart's 'Bogart Pour Homme', which I also own but has slightly better performance and costs half the price of this. It also reminds me of JPG's 'Le Male’. 

I will likely add the EDP concentration to my collection, plus a large 200ml vintage bottle of this. Its definitely more for nightlife and clubbing situations, very youthful and sexy in that sense and gets TONS of compliments. I would likely only use it in these type of situations. Women seem to love it so whatever works. High recommended. 
Nuclear, nuclear silage and just monster projection!  It does smell nice but wow, please go easy on the trigger with this one - it's aggressive!

One spray under the shirt is absolutely plenty, this stuff is dangerous to apply on exposed skin.

I bought this because I needed a clubbing fragrance (I go clubbing once a year but that's beside the point..) and this fragrance seemed to fit the bill.

It smells exactly like the pyramid describes - goes on strong with lemon (bitter oil type), then the mint comes to party, closely followed by crisp apple and then huge tonka and vanilla for the dry down.

The real star of the show, the note that comes out screaming and never stops is the massive top chemical note. I don't know the correct name for it but wow, it's here in extreme amounts - it dominates everything and just never gives up.  I heard this chemical is used to stop nose blindness.  It's so strong and powerful I can actually feel the chemical on my nose...I'm not joking!

Go easy on the trigger and this bottle will last you several lifetimes.

**Edit**

I've been wearing it for a few days now and I now have completely changed my mind on it.  I love it.  It's not an aventus masterpiece by any stretch of the imagination.  It is on the other hand, a perfect work fragrance.  Just 1 spray under the shirt and it lasts all day - I'm not joking, it's still there and just as strong 12 hours later!!  The chemical they use in it stops you getting nose blind and it gives off a nice 3 foot smell radius around you.  It's very inoffensive and it never gets cloying.  

Highly recommended and it's jumped into my top 5 favs.
so far, this stuff is amazing, i wasnt to sure of it when i first smelled it out of the bottle... but after trying it on, it was amazing.

im using a sample from scent bird, but id like to get a regular size bottle.
First of all, women love this. I'm gay, so that's not a big draw for me, but it is for many others. (It's androgynous enough that I'd recommend it for nonbinary people or butch-spec women looking for their first cologne.) 

This is a predominantly sweet fragrance. Personally I find it clean rather than cloying, thanks to the apple. I absolutely love the opening--it dries well, but nothing can compare to the head. It does noticeably change in tone when it dries, going from cool-bright to warm and creamy, but the mint lingers longer than you'd think and is amazing with the tonka bean. When it gets to the base, the cedar grounds the vanilla delightfully. Overall, it stays interesting and layered throughout. It's complex, but still accessible. 

This scent definitely has personality, so it's not for everyone. There's something glamorous and elegant about it. If you don't want a cologne that "says something," then you don't want Eros. And even if you do want a cologne that "says something," you might not like what Eros is saying. This is one I'd advise against blind buying unless you're 1) a big fan of sweet scents or 2) a bottle collector. 
I got this on a blind buy because the bottle is cool. Not a good idea to do, but I got lucky and am pleased with it.

This is a beast. One squirt will last you all day, and people can smell you before they see you if you're not careful on the trigger. I'd recommend spraying it on your chest under your shirt, otherwise you'll cause migraines.

Onto the scent. The first thing I smell is mint. It smells just like if you held mint leaves up to your nose. Apple and lemon is supposed to be in the opening, but I don't smell them.

It usually dries down between half or two hours. The vanilla is really rich, and the mint hangs around a bit. I'm tempted to refer to this as a classier version of Axe Dark Temptation. It can cover about the same situations as axe as well. I would definitely call this a "party" fragrance, and you could also use it for romantic situations if you don't overdo it.

This isn't a very flexible fragrance, but it can cover those two situations quite well. I'd give it an 8/10. 
Double Plus Good!!!

Everything that Drakkar Essence should have been.
Great fresh opening of random mint..clean Apple.. Settles into a vanilla/filthy strange sex smell mid section then twenty minutes later relaxes in a medley of Tonka top notes reverse. Not an overly dominant vanilla either just a nice creamy finish to a crazy concoction, continuous dry down of creamy vanilla crazy mint ever so slightly bubble gum? Projects fantastically.. so go easy.. Reacts to body heat so gets another life in a gym or club.. Overall an excellent all rounder. Quite oily on the skin hence the projection and sillage. *Update* I really am growing to like this more and more for it's honesty and versace core philosophy of camp class :s. Overall tho this is the best idiotic night out scent there is .

I actually really enjoy this. Quick story on it....went into the only place I have locally that sells fragrance(a small Macy's)back in early 2013. And basically went around sampling everything I hadn't got my nose on yet...and honestly, this was the only frag that caught my attention out of everything I sniffed.

I know when this scent came out it got a lot of hate....but I see people starting to come around on it. I kind of understand why some don't like it, since its nuclear strength and mostly just apple, mint over a dominant vanilla/ambroxan overload. But I can't help it, it holds a special place in my collection. I will say this is one scent that after I wear it, I'm good for awhile before I rock it again. So my 100ml bottle with probably last me several lifetimes;) I find it to be a good compliment getter for me as well. 
Smells nice! I'm surprised this has so many negative reviews as it's not much more than a sweet, pleasant scent with a smooth synthetic mint note up top and a healthy heart of vanilla and ambroxan. It dries down to a vague and sweet woody base. While it's certainly not unusual or complex, Eros doesn't feel cheap or poorly composed either. Within its genre, Eros works well. Projection is good, though I think reports of Eros' nuclear strength are exagerrated. It has a medium range projection on me, and lasts for about 8 hours. Think along the lines of a more reserved One Million, Invictus, Le Male, etc. Easy to wear to work and casual social events, Eros offers a quieter mint alternative to the sweet and ubiquitous woody-amber colognes. Thumbs up. 
Salutation.

I am not a big fan of VERSACE fragrances but truly this one is really nice,much better than Versache PH and Eau Fraiche for me.I love this scent it says:Eat me!surprisingly pleasant and other words Modern,Sweet,Aromatic, Interesting and Charming.

Aromatic freshness of green apple,lemon and mint Precede a cute and charming hert of granium and tonka bean,this notes are wrapped in low notes of manly woods and rich cedar with a tender touch of vanilla that result is like a hug from a loved one that soothes throughout the day.like anothers VERSACE fragrances the opening is so better than dry down.

This EDT is positively delicious smelling the sexiness is blended with a beautiful,playful casual hair. EROS created after a young and free-spirited modern muse.It makes you feel fun,fantacy,young and flirty.Nothing a masterpiece but a nice choice.

Sillage?Ok.

Longevity?Good on my skin.

6.75/10
Lasts long. A transparent vanilla/gourmand that feels better than Rochas Man (which I do like, sans chocolate notes). Three sprays lasts all day for an American warm spring day. It does feels "messy" however it makes me keep smelling it to figure out what's going on with it. Several people have complimented positively on it.
If this was a song, Nick Jonas would be singing it. It's not challenging, it's not complex, it's extremely sweet, and it seems like teenage girls would like it. It's not a work of art but if you're looking for a loud, "clubby" scent this is a strong contender. I compared this to Spicebomb, 1 Million, and Pure Malt and chose this. 
I'm a sophomore at Notre Dame and have had my female friends judge twenty-some fragrances at this point - this one destroys everything else I have. This one seems too strong and cloying for me but they might not let me live if I don't get a bottle. Curse you, Versace.

I think it's safe to say that this is the vanilla One Million. Projects and lasts like a monster, obnoxious beyond belief, and is a 20-something girl magnet. It'll be a sad day when I'm officially too old to wear this life-hacking cologne.
The fragrance may be a kind of trash - but it is a trash that works! Thumbs up for longevity! Best of all I owned so far, outperforming A*Man and 1 million. Got it as a pack or perfume/deodorant and deodorant longevity is also very good.
A perfect working man fragrance.
The only drawback is deodorant being supplied in exactly the same glass bottle as EDT so you have to check what are you putting on. I'd like to have a deodorant in a convenient metal case.

So much bandwagon hate on this one. Is it just the name "Versace" that turns you off from this fragrance? I love this one, it projects and LASTS! However, I believe it was recently reformulated, and wasn't as good as the "vintage" juice. 
If you're looking for something revolutionary, this isn't the fragrance for you. 

While it's fine to look for something super complex, I don't think its fair to over look what can be a nice scent because it isn't the exact fragrance in your #1 wishlist.

With that said, lets get into the details. When I spray this I get a citrus (lemon not orange), floral scent with smooth traits. It has some sweetness but it isn't a sugar pit, as time goes on it gets more smooth with a dry down of tonka/vanilla. It still holds to some floral/fruity mix and you can get the cedar in there some what (although I don't know the difference between virginian and atlas cedar).

The best way I can convey this scent is there's this jar of lemonade sitting in a window sill on a breezy day. There's some herbs floating in the liquid, a flower or two floating at the top, with an overall herbal trait to it, including some mint. The wind blows and you can smell a sweet blend of the sugar mint in the lemonade mixing with near by grassy flowers  by this log cabin house. 

I give it a 8.5 out of 10, if you have a few vanilla fragrances, or you dislike tonka etc. you probably shouldn't go with this one, but it's definitely worth giving it a couple of wears before ultimately deciding. Everybody that has smelled it on me so far has loved it. The projection is below average (my skin tends to do this to fragrances) but it lasts a good while on me (surprisingly). So this is closer to the skin most likely. Enjoy.
I really like this fragrance. It starts off sweet, but that quickly settles to a really nice and subtle clean scent. My girlfriend loves this.  I received this as part of a gift box, and when layered with the after shave and shower gel, it really comes into its own.  The cologne on its own without the layers might lack a little projection.
I've avoided this for a long time; all the while knowing it smelled good. I was finally talked into giving this a go. I'm generally not a fan of tonka, but its nicely done in this application. This is a perfume for garnering sex appeal. Though I feel YSL L'Homme is a tad less synthetic, I prefer Eros over it and One Million. There are a lot of negative reviews, but so far I like it and will wear a few times hoping that I retain the same feeling about it. Always remember to explore for yourself and let your nose be the guide. 
versace eros is one of the better expensive colognes out there I have worn. sweet smelling fragrance that last for hours. you feel elegant wearing this. a good companion to armani code. if you want more masculine colognes your best to stick with those classic drugstore brands. seems every famous clothes designer got into the cologne and perfume business from dior to laurent to versace to armani to valentino etc.
I have to say I agree with all the reviews here, good and bad.  I just received a gift set of Eros for my birthday, so I now own across two bottles, approximately 5 ounces of the stuff.  There was no return receipt, because I would gladly exchange this for something I love.  But you know what?  It's growing on me...I'm kind of craving it in that way you do some scents.  Like you need a fix.  Hold on, I'll be right back...
I just sprayed some on.  It goes on like a supersonic candy shop; but that quickly dies down and the more subtle, grown up cedar notes make their presence known mixed in with a touch of vetivery-lemony sub-sub notes.  It is quite a bit like Rabanne's 1 Million (which I think is just Tenere with some added ingredients) but I like it much better.  I thought 1 Million was one of the most perplexingly overrated scents of the last few years and I love Senor Rabanne.  
Versace's Eros also has a strange sour undernote which I quite like.  Clearly this was a slapped together, by committee, as AndrewtheCologneGuy said "...a combination of the last 3 or 4 top selling of the last decade" scents.  But they got it right.  Or they got lucky.  Or we did.

A sweet, minimalist fragrance.  I smell a 70's musk undercurrent.  Just the right amount of benzoin.  The caramel note is not as over-bearing as I thought it would be.  Prada Candy isn't bad at all, really.  I didn't expect to like it.  I imagined it would be tooth-ache sweet and well, it just isn't.

Not too loud, sweet, or dark - it would make a fine gift for a favorite loved one who enjoys perfume but, who isn't a total frag-head like most of us here.  It is just right, for a night on the town, too.  Big thumb's up for a designer perfume.
I like how this fragrance lives up to what I expected when smelling something named "candy" but it's not so literal of an interpretation that a single note is all that you get. (like Pink Sugar). I detect the caramel most strongly but there is a nice addition of benzoin which gives it the powdery dry down. The musk is blended so seamlessly that it doesn't even seem to stand out but it just adds something to the composition that keeps the saccharine sweetness at bay, as benzoin is also a resin sweetness that can make something smell a little like powdery maple syrup if overdone. Musk and benzoin together make a low key powder + woods combo which added to the caramel makes it more interesting and still recognizably sweet, but with a little something extra. 

It is somewhat linear in terms of development, but the scent is never overpowering or "too much" at any stage of wear so I do not mind. Sillage is more close to the skin for me, and that is probably due to the musk, but sometimes I like keeping my fragrance close to me and more intimate, which is what someone who considers gourmand/sweet scents a "guilty pleasure" might be happy to hear. This one will give whisps of a sweet scent trail but it doesn't just stick to you in a heavy cloud which allows you to not constantly smell yourself and get tired of the scent. Longevity is all day for me, 6-8 hours, which is about what I would expect from a standard designer scent release. I usually only apply about 2-3 sprays. 

I can't remember if this is an Eau de Parfum of Eau de Toilette and my bottle is not close by to check but regardless I think this is a nice quality scent for someone who likes sweet scents but wants a little more depth to it than just straight vanilla extract or burnt sugar. I've never regretted applying this once it's on, and also is very easy to layer with. 

I recommend anyone to test this scent on their skin but it won't be for everyone. It's a very middle of the road sweet scent so if you find youself on the extreme ends of the spectrum in your gourmand obsession or you just don't like sweet scents at all, you will not enjoy this one. If you can appreciate sweet scents with more going on beneath the surface, give it a try. 
I get fruit before caramel. Despite this note, I’d name it a light (only) gourmand. The opening is very alcoholic and clean musky, with a bit of flower as well. The projection could be better. 
If you've ever been to Main Street in Disney World there is a little candy shop where they hand dip caramel apples for sale.  Prada's Candy zooms me right back to my childhood staring at the hand dipped caramel Mouse-shaped apples.  Prada's Candy perfectly meshed together Kraft Caramel squares with a British toffee sauce into one cute bottle.  

Burnt sugar and milk together, with a hint of the musk to wrap it together.

Problem is, I don't want to smell like caramel and toffee all day.  Some do, I get that.  Simplistic gourmand, singular scent done well. 
When I first sprayed it on the paper, it smelt litterally nothing at all. Then I tried on my skin, same effect, nothing. I walked out of store disappointed and sniffed the wrist on my way home, that's when the yummy caramel starts show its charm.

It's creamy, smells almost pure caramel, slightly salty and sour to balance the sweetness. It's straight and doesn't evolve much, not sophiscated that's sure, but very efficient. It's a cheerful scent for autumn and winter. It lasts 8h+ on me and the sillage is not bad. If you're a fan for caramel, you really should give it a try, and be a little bit patient to well savour it.

I thought the bottle was tacky and the campaign looked silly. But after testing the perfume my mind changed completely. It's such a playful illustration for the perfume.

Originally written in 2013
As a girl who is quite obsessed with sugary sweets and products that show off my femininity, I knew I had to try Prada Candy. The name and the packaging seemed right up my alley, so I decided to give it a go. 

I used the little rollerball sample you can find at the department store and walked around for a bit, letting it settle in. The scent is exactly how you'd think a perfume called Candy should smell like: cotton-candy/caramel-y/sugary sweetness. It's not sickeningly sweet or cloying in the least. Combined with a little bit of musk, it gives it a nice note of warmth to balance it out. 

As much as I'm in love with this product, it simply doesn't have impressive longevity. Once I roll it on, in multiple pulse points I might add, it only stays for a couple of hours. However, I recently bought a full-sized bottle, and though I doubt it'll make much of a difference, I'll see how it does when it is distributed in spray form, on my skin and on my clothes. With just the rollerball, I find myself having to reapply often. 

However, considering this is one of the few perfumes that I truly love (a lot of perfumes are much too heavily scented for me and make me feel nauseous), the light, sugary scent of this is worth it. If you don't mind the hassle of reapplying, this really is a perfume worth looking into.
Prada Candy is a lighthearted, stupid/clever tribute to benzoin that's exactly calibrated to the point of of maximum resinousness.  Sure, it's sweet, but it's not any sweeter than, say, Shalimar, or most Guerlains, to be honest.  It's not the least bit edgy, but its emphasis on one of the geekiest notes in perfumery is borderline subversive.  There's no fake strawberry or confected "patchouli," and the alleged caramel notes don't smell gooey.  And there's no distracting vanilla.   Do the little girls that buy this know (or care)?  Even the citrus/floral combo at Candy's opening is restrained; it feels, almost, kind of, elegant.  It gives the early stages of the perfume a nice lift before it integrates quite gracefully into the composition, so that (despite its name) Candy smells like perfume and never turns too foody.

This stuff has a way of melting into skin and then just sort of emanating a kind of gentle softness, almost like the texture of a musk--you smell sweet, resinous skin rather than sweet, resinous aromachemicals.  Sillage is discreet, which is right where it should be; this stuff could get painful at higher volumes (benzoin-triggered headaches are the *worst*--for me, they always involve nausea).  And this stuff lasts, and lasts, and lasts; I have no idea what some other reviewers are talking about when they complain about its disappearing from skin.  It has be olfactory fatigue, because I can still smell it at eight-plus hours.

My only complaint about Candy is a slightly plastic musk that occasionally pokes through in the middle stages of wear.  But that bit of weirdness comes and goes, and eventually resolves in a drydown that restates the original resinous theme, garnished with a touch of something powdery that almost feels like iris.  Here as elsewhere (i.e., Infusion d'Iris and its cogeners), Prada's house perfumer Daniela Andrier demonstrates her facility with popular-but-interesting, fun-but-tasteful perfumes that any woman could wear pretty much anywhere and smell good without scaring the horses.

So, overall, Candy came as a pleasant surprise.  It's not complicated, but there's more to it than meets the eye, or the nose--whatever.  It reminds me of Marilyn Monroe (with those ridiculous glasses) in How to Marry a Millionaire--all wide eyes, blonde curls, bodacious curves, and wicked timing--with her quirky intelligence simmering under the ditzy surface.  

And I think the enameled bottle is kind of cute.  
It's a simply sweet, candy-like scent, but it's a sweetness that makes me smile and doesn't make me throw up. I find it tolerable on the sweetness scale. Very nice.
Is it me or are most of today’s mainstream releases intentionally concocted to wear exclusively close to the skin, with little to no sillage?

Prada Candy is a frustrating example, a luscious gourmand interwoven with an intriguing smoky note that at times smells like burnt sugar and at others like stale cigarette ashes. It’s a wonderful, extremely clever scent, and one that I’d love to wear more often. But the only way I can enjoy is to continually huff at my wrist. Which just looks silly in public.

Edited 2020: 

Recently started wearing this again, and I have no idea what my initial experience with this stuff was about because now it hangs around forever. Which is a good thing—this stuff is fantastic. Upgraded to a Thumbs Up.
  Personally, I think both the name of this perfume and the girlie picture on the box are a bit misleading. Both of those things made me think that this was going to be one of those very cute, sweet, innocent types of scents. It really, really isn't. 
  Truthfully, this is a big, bold smoky-vanilla oriental fragrance, done in the same style as Shalimar. Or, in any case, Shalimar is what it immediately brings to mind. It is very bold and very sexy, but not really overly "feminine" or girlie. Actually, girlie is probably the very last word I would choose to describe this kind of perfume. The word "girlie" conveys a sense of "innocence" (to me, anyway) and this perfume is nothing of the sort! 
   It is bold, heavy, smoky, mysterious, dark and very, very sexy. It's great as an evening fragrance or for very special occasions. Although I like it, I don't think I would want to wear it every day. 
  PS: I've been wearing this now for a few hours, and actually, as others have said, this perfume is not all that long lasting. It kind of fades out after a bit. Also, yes, in the dry down I agree that it ends up smelling like ginger snaps! 
Salutation.

The name of this perfume describes the scent just perfectly: CANDY!PRADA CANDY tells everything at hello and will have him salivate and ask for seconds with its gourmand,yummy base under the polished charming heart and vanilla,musk and lush top notes of its scent. it smells like a well balanced lollipop not too sweet,not to sour. Modern,Creamy,Powdery, Girlish, playful, Vanillic,Charming and Delicious.

This scent is all about energy and seduction a plyful girl who will be attracted.cheerful and yummy notes of sweet vanilla with tonka bean,benzoin and musk with a sensual creamy base notes of caramel add comfort and warmth to this sweet scent which is as prettily charming as the girlish images that accompany its launch.

It reminds me of something a little girl would wear when playing dress up.this flirty scent is for a young girl to wear as it evoking images of flirtation and fun with a playful and active girl in a coffe shop when you have to eat a vanilla ice-cream.it is a daytime scent in Autumn/Winter.A nice gift for a birthday too.

Sillage?Nice.

Longevity?Above Average on my skin.

6.75/10

As others have stated, I'm not sure what prompted me to buy a 1 oz. bottle of this at $68 but buy it I did.  Overall, I like this perfume, I really do.  It is a HUGE departure from my usual "go to" perfumes; however in general, I like Prada Candy a lot.

Preparing for an upcoming cruise, I didn't have the time or the usual money to buy my beloved Aqua di Parma Magnolia Noble or Frederic Malle Musc Ravageur, etc.  So, off I went to Ulta to seek out perfumes.  With the Caribbean in mind and having recently used some Philosophy creams, I had candy, cotton-candy, bubble gum, pink and something sweet on my mind.  Initially, I was torn between Candy and Vince Camuto Amore but I settled on Prada Candy 'cause I disliked Camuto Amore's more floral dry-down.

This fragrance is very warm, dry, a bit powdery, simple & sweet.  Like others, I fail to detect much of this scent after I spritz it on myself; however others DO smell it and seem to like it.  Uncomplicated, the dry-down is definitely a tacky caramel base.  There is musk, vanilla...the usual sweet gourmand array of today's latest "pink" perfumes.  Unlike others, I do not find this fragrance overly strong, intense or sickeningly sweet in any way.

I must reiterate (as others have stated) that Candy is a very wearable, unoffensive, simple & pretty perfume.  I cannot see a young child or teen wearing this...in a funny way, it seems too "old" to be worn by a young person.  With that said, I think it will be fine for the cruise and for the upcoming summer.  Will see how I feel after using a 1 oz. bottle.  Not sure I'd repurchase it at this point in time.
This is sweet, but not as much as the name might suggest, and there's plenty of darker notes to add a balance. This stuff is pretty light and non-offensive. The sweetness makes it wearable for kids, but the structure behind the sweetness makes it ok for adults too. It's a little bit of an homage to Chanel No. 5, I think, with the sweetness providing the new signature. 

It smells a little like ginger snap cookies in the dry down.
Gorgeous perfume, it receives a lot of compliments but I don't smell it nearly as much as I'd like to?
The bottle is cute.
Got this perfume among others for Christmas. At first I thought that I wouldn't like it, simply because of the name 'Candy'--way too little-girl, and I like feminine, bold scents--but I tried it a few times and got a bunch of compliments. It's a very warm, dry, sweet scent. I like the caramel/vanilla blend, but there's an odd background that somehow makes this perfume more sophisticated. Overall, I like it...it's not my favorite, but it's something different, and I might even buy more if I run out.
Prada Candy was a blind buy for me, and I'm happy I took the gamble. I love sweet scents, and this is a grown up, more dressy and less "sticky" version of Pink Sugar. Candy is sweet, but also has a dry, powdery hint when first applied. It dries and lingers with a caramel and musk (?) vibe. 
Smells like plastic coated in sugar.

I imagine it would attract wasps.
I love most perfumes with a strong benzoin note, and vanille gourmands as well. This is heaven for me. I do get the similarities with l'eau Ambree (they seem to share the same base) and Infusion d'Iris though the latter is much to powdery to suit my nose. 

Candy is one I wear to bed dabbed in the crook of my arm at least 4 nights a week. The smell is so comforting and relaxing. I find it does smell very different dabbed than sprayed. It brings out the richness of the scent, and creates only enough sillage to smell oneself occasionally. Sprayed, it can become to sharp for my nose. It's as if the wrong notes come to the forefront, and the lovely base becomes too light. 

For those that think this disappears, I guarantee others can smell you! My MIL wears this, and after one spray In the morning, I can smell her later in the day... she smells fantastic! Also, I can smell this on my laundry for at least two days after I wear it. 

This will surely be one of my all time favorites long after it's popularity dies down. Send all your unwanted bottles my way, I'm hoarding this. lol



While I've worn both the EDT and the EDP, I find I like the EDT better.  This is a sweet musk.  If you want to try musk out this is the easy way to do it.  This is a floral woody musk which is one of my favorites.  Well my favorite would be a woody musk but the florals really cause this to be a nice clean sweet scent.  It's very very girly...quite feminine. I find it easy to wear and non offensive.  I really can't imagine an occassion that this scent would not work for.  It's a beautiful day time scent that can evolve into evening where.  It could easily be a signature scent.  
Narciso Rodriguez line has a very distinct touch and feel – as if all the fragrances would be a part of the same idea. The thing uniting them all is Egyptian musk that Mr. Rodriguez found in his travels to Egypt and fell so hard in love with that he decided – all his fragrance line will showcase this exceptional scent, partly clean, partly animalic and very soft. 

His perfumers actually use a blend of many different synthetic musks to create the ultimate NR musk. It is done so because quite a lot of people are anosmic to one or another type of musk, and the goal here is to showcase the musk instead of allowing a part of population to be unable to smell it at all. That's why there are so many differing opinions on NR fragrances – some say they are subtle, work friendly, lovely and squeaky clean, and some say they are dirty, sexy and attention grabbing. The truth is, as almost always, somewhere in the middle. And what a gorgeous smelling middle it is!

Narciso Rodriguez For Her EDT is the first fragrance of the line and the most popular of them all. (The pink EDP bottle came a bit later and started causing the confusion, because the EDT is a black bottle which comes in a pink box, and the EDP is a pink bottle which comes in a black box... And then just think about all these identical For Her rectangles and Narciso cubes that all look identical except for the colours and the juice inside. That Narciso guy is evil and I'm sure he knows it.)

For Her EDT was created by perfumers Christine Nagel and Francis Kurkdjian in 2003 and has the top notes of Osmanthus & Orange blossom, head notes of Musk and base notes of Vetiver, Amber and Vanilla. I can't say that I'm getting any amber or vanilla here, to me For Her is a soft, purring and heartachingly beautiful musk and osmanthus scent with woody undertones that make it less fluffy and give it more character. (The pink EDP has Peach and Rose in the top notes instead of Osmanthus & Orange blossom) and is a bit fruitier, sweeter and less woody/vetiver-y than EDT. Also, EDT seems to be just as well – if not better – lasting on my skin, so choose the one you like more.) 

They're both are great, they're all are great – but For Her EDT is the one that made me fall in love with Narciso Rodriguez scents, it still makes my eyes roll back every time I sniff it, it's just so sensual and elegant and soft.

Smells like an advanced hairspray but acts like a real perfume. Its crisp and light but with a profound intensity that really shines. Works better on the skin than on a blotter. Wears a realm of 'vintage-perfume' charm upon its sleeve while managing to stay a pure, simple and very amicable experience. Just good.
Dirty, bitter flowers at first.
Mellows and sweetens in the middle.
Musky bottom with a smattering of patchouli.
Finishes nicely, overall.
This scents like my Grandmother's sheets. They were laundered in a 60's floral detergent. Hung dry in the clean country air. Folded and placed in a Cedar chest. 
Now they smelled strongly of Cedar and the Floral was faint in the background.

This is opposite, Floral is in your face and Cedar in the background. Ultimately this is Woody Aroma Chemical (WAC)Saccharine.
It gets a thumbs up because it reminds me of my Gran. 
Don't know that I would wear it or have my wife wear it though.
Gauzy abstract white floral with a nice peachy voluptuousness about it and a comforting milky undertow. Has something of the siren lure of Rush without the latter’s pushiness. This is squarely mainstream made in the highly buffed manner of 1970s mixed florals, but when it’s done right, hey it’s the kind of perfume to spray on and head to the nearest convivial social gathering. 
Smells soft and welcoming to bystanders. Lots of airy musks involved but deployed well in the service of the floral notes. So smoothly executed, it’s a safe buy for purchasers of designer florals, but it also has the ability to remain interesting to those of more particular tastes provided they approach it with open minds.
(Review for EDT.) 

Found a sample of this in a drawer, and never having worn it decided to spray it on. Quite feminine and 'girly' of course, but also quite nice too, especially in the opening. Getting a lot of musk from this, along with the florals (rose and iris, two that I can live with). Younger or older women could wear this, and probably a man could too, if he were so inclined. Not sure that's me, but this is quite a good designer release, in my opinion.
It's perfumes like this one that give me an all new appreciation for rose. (Heck, and musk!) These two dominant notes aren't ones I typically seek out or go weak in the knees for, but here they're just so soft, feminine and pretty. It does have a freshly laundered quality - clean, warm. After a while, the rose wanes a bit and peach and sandalwood come out to play. For me, peach and sandalwood are a great match that always go so well together, and there's no exception here. This is when it goes from powdery to a little more creamy, as well.

Somehow, this reminds me a lot of Midnight Oud by Juliette Has A Gun. Much less woody, but the rose in each fragrance stampedes through your senses just the same way. And, both fragrances remind me of walking through the woods in the springtime - trees and bushes just bursting with fresh blooming flowers. Feminine, sensual yet inoffensive - It makes for a versatile scent that can be worn for just about any occasion.
Salutation.

When i first smelled this EDT captivated my senses immediately. It is more Lovely than Male Version and Less Romantic than EDP Version.I am loving this scent.Everything about this product is NICE. Sultry,Sophisticated, Heady,Hot,Provocative,Little Sweet, Creamy,Modern,Feminine and Heavy.

When you enter the Room heads turn and people want to know what that Mysterious fragrance is? Sharp Opening.Orange blassom and Light amber supported by Warmth of Bergamot in the Top notes.NR is a really beautiful dark floral for me.

Generally it it chic and exudes Seduction yet maintains a Hypnotic presence.I would Highly Recommend this EDT with assurance that you wouldn't be disappointed if you are a Smart LADY and definitely 25/40 years old.It is ideal for a SPECIAL occasion in a WINTER Evening.

Sillage?Great.

Longevity?Very Good on my skin.

7.5/10 
I was prompted to write a review of 'For Her' after smelling 'For Women' (white bottle) a few days ago.
This is the one (FH) with good sillage and elusive musks, the EDP is peachier with definite stickability.
The EDT is the equivalent of a Toyota Corolla, ubiquitous, rust free, user friendly with good economy. It lacks imagination but statistics show it benefits from repeat purchasers, and you can soup it up with the 'In colour' or 'Musc Intense' add-ons that men love, like a leather bound steering wheel or Recaro seats. That men love this is not in question, my husband loves the sillage hours after I have put it on.
Let's face it, it's a must have, it's your favourite pair of jeans or possibly your favourite pair of knickers; you, but better, with Narciso at the leather bound steering wheel, cruising the Napa valley, tasting astringent wines that mellow with age, For Her in a Toyota Corolla.

It was only seconds after first applying Narciso Rodriguez for Her that I realized I’d need to spend some time with it. It’s appeal was immediate, but not easy for me to fathom. Its profile is distinctive and instantly recognizable,  yet every time I wear Narciso Rodriguez for Her I smell echoes of other scents. So while it does not smell at all like Angel, it shares partly in Angel’s uninhibited flamboyance, and completely in its willingness to play games with gender expectations. The animalic musk and woods at the core of Narciso Rodriguez for Her are no less “masculine” than the patchouli-soaked woody oriental accord beneath Angel’s fruity florals. 

On another wearing it occurs to me that Narciso Rodriguez for Her is a sort of modernist gloss on Chanel’s Bois des Îles, from apricot-inflected osmanthus and orange blossom top notes that reflect the Chanel’s peach and neroli, to the parallel construction of its musk and reconstructed sandalwood drydown. The “modernism” manifests itself in simpler construction, comfort with exposing blatantly chemical ingredients, and an overall sense of comparative bluntness.  If Bois des Îles is rendered in oils, Narciso Rodriguez for Her is an acrylic painting. Likewise, to borrow an anatomical metaphor, where Bois des Îles displays a glowing, unblemished skin, Narciso Rodriguez for Her reveals the skeleton beneath. 

These echoes of genre-defining woody oriental predecessors detract not a bit from the pleasure of wearing this scent. Perhaps that’s because, for all its embrace of the obviously synthetic,  Narciso Rodriguez for Her exhibits sufficient  balance and integrity to convince on its own terms. Too bad Rodriguez followed this up with the relatively insipid Narciso Rodriguez for Him. They’d have done better just to amp up the vetiver in this, put it in a different bottle, and sell it to the guys as well.

This is a review on EDP; the pink bottle.

My favourite perfume at the moment. 
It is unique & sexy. It has prominent rose & orange blossom notes but it’s not like a typical old lady’s scent; with the musky base notes, it is feminine and sensual and definitely for the women with confidence. It has really luxurious floral scents and smells absolutely beautiful on me. 

Years ago, in early spring, when I was strolling around Valencia city (Spain) enjoying the lit up historical buildings in the night, I ended up in the plaza with several stalls selling flowers. All the colourful spring flowers were radiant in the dark and, as I passed them, I was enveloped in the composite of floral scents filling the air. This fragrance reminds me of the magical feeling of that night.

I adore it!
EDT. Really nice. Feminine, but could easily be worn by a daring male.
Shouts it is a Kurkdjian work, has signature of him overall. It reminds me a mix of Lumiere Noire pour Homme&pour Femme, but of course leaning to the feminine side. Very classy and women who discover and wear this is very lucky (NR being not very popular brand here in my land) 
I think this scent is delightful. Light, sexy, with just a tiny bit of sparkle. 

Yes, it smells delightful--in the bottle. 

It smells nonexistent on my skin. I can barely smell anything. Other people can barely smell anything. They have to jam their noses right up against my skin to smell anything at all--a ghost of a scent. Heartbreaking. 

I have ben reduced to obsessively sniffing the bottle for my high. 

This is no way to live. 
Like walking into a florist's shop at midnight. Dense, musky, tropical flowers and foliage. Quite dreamy, for some reason it causes a nostalgic emotion in me. I get visions of Elizabeth Taylor and troubled love...uh, where was I?...this scent is very boudoir-like and old-fashioned. Also, doesn't have top quality composition, tends to fall apart in the end and display the hem of its synthetic underskirt.
This is for the EDT.
Words cannot accurately describe this fragrance. It is now my signature scent. 
It is sheer, somewhat translucent; yet very present, comforting in an exciting way(!), and concealingly enveloping. Very tactile indeed. It starts with a dominant note that I cannot identify at all, sort of like a incensey/smokey ghost note that can't be grasped. It has a "warm skin" quality that dominates, but not sun-kissed, as this is a night time scent for sure. The "ghost note" makes room for orange blossom, musk, woods and a few others I'm not familiar with. The honey flower note seems to last the longest on my skin. 

Irresistible super sophisticated concoction, one of the best "things" of the modern perfumery (I talk about the juice in the pink bottle, the EDP version, the one I've tested on my skin and that my girlfriend has worn for a period few years ago). First of all this is different, really different from the modern gassy-plastic lollipop kind new feminine concoctions around. Chic and glamour. The aroma is neither gourmand nor caramellous or powdery-synthetic (anyway in a sheer way), is instead averagely sharp, musky and slightly balmy but with a touch of classic exoticism and an outstanding floral discreet  sophistication. This is a modern fragrance that expresses a traditional , indipendent and solitary concept of femininity. The scent is musky, very musky and rosey with key roles played by orange blossoms, bergamot and amber. The mystery is enhanced by a silent lush sambac jasmine while the extreme sophistication owns a secret with the name of iris (anyway that's what i think). The aroma is at the same time erotic (may be also a touch of honey is hidden in the blend), sensual, almost corporeal, intimate and ethereal...a rarity. Something laundry and soapy, may be the combination of rose, iris and musk, sparkles in the air exuding from the complicated wake of orangy, rosey and ambery musk, sandalwood and hyper lush osmanthus. The femininity is intimate and a bit mysterious. A touch of vanilla and patchouli imprints more depth and silence. I figure on mind the image of a young, discreet girl elusive in the shadow.
One of the very few interesting compositions of the last decade among the designer's range. NR for Her is a tremendously radiant concoction of woods and flowers (mainly orange blossoms) laying on a masculine musky base. Its main appeal lies in its incredible distinctiveness made of an unmannered beauty and charme. Elegant but not affected, NR for Her takes immediately the distance from nowadays clean fragrances by introducing a bold ambery/musky base that continuely winks at many classic compositions from the past. At the same time its perfect balance and refinement make of NR For Her a very versatile fragrance that's perfect for both younger crowds as well as for mature wearers. Very good.

Let someone who's not into perfume smell this, and if he/she likes it you just discovered a new potential perfumista. A contemporary classic.
This is a dark, warm,and sexy fragrance. Not much floral in it at all on me. Sadly, it doesn't last as long as I wish it would. But I love it while it's there. 
This is one of my favorites.  A very sexy smell.  Maybe a bit too much honey flower (or whatever that is that smells like honey) for my taste.
It took me many years to warm up to this fragrance but I finally did. The white patchouli note in the base used to really jump out at me too much, so I never really tried wearing it. when I finally did I was so pleasantly surprised! it really calmed down on my skin, and turned into a unique and wearable fragrance. I think LT called it a "radiant wood", and that sounds about right. The osmanthus note is very very pretty, and this fragrance is a compliment-getter. Not the rarest scent out there, but a very special scent to me.
This review is for the EDT in the black bottle...

Wow!! I think this is pure sex in a bottle. At least it is for me! Beautiful, lusty, ambery musk at first...and then a sweet floral dry-down that teases and teases. 

During the first two hours of wearing this, it occurred to me that it smelled how I wanted a masculine cologne to smell on a woman. I realize that doesn't make much sense...but...I have a fascination with cologne and sometimes I think I have found the perfect masculine scent for me, and then, oh no, I find something about it I can't stand. The top and heart of this fragrance made me think about this because of its beautiful musk accord.

Beyond that, it does have a very unique floral dry-down, which is very interesting, as most perfumes are vice-versa. I'm not big into strong florals, but NR's trail suited me just fine...even wearing a suit today! It made me feel feminine, confident, AND sexy. 

Lasted almost ten hours, too, which is very impressive in my book. Now I see what all the hype was about!

Jan
13
2009 

(Edp Review)

I was waiting for a fragrance like this, honestly, today floral scents are beautiful but so weak, i still need some heavy and aggressive fragrance, just to feel alive again. In this case Narciso Rodriguez For Her definitely fulfill my expectations..

The initial notes are fairly woody and intense, then after a while powdery flowers with a strong presence of musk begin to bloom. The powerlasting is good. Just to add: This scent is not for everyone.
This fragrance is amazing, one of my all time favorites. The woody and musky overtones create a very sensuous and sophisticated fragrance, perfect for a night out. NR for her is all class. 
This parfume has got notes that are not easyly distinguishable. I couldn't say exactly what makes this scent smell of "woman". I can't detect fruits, flowers, or woods in its olfactive pyramid. There is a sort of unrecognisable ingredient that makes NR4her a sofisticated product. In my opinion this is a sign of modernity. Too bitter and "dirty" for me, but very nice.
I agree with angelica when she says that it's the 21st century's No 5! NR for her is so feminine, classy , radiant, modern but also traditionnal in its perfection and conception!Try it!
The 21st century's No 5...................................
I liked it. It is a well blended creamy musky and close to skin scent but is not weak or transparent. None of the notes hits your nose or comes front, has a nice harmony ;just a good choir would have. This harmony reminds me of the very first scent i had in high school; Babe was also so well blended that a friend of mine was suprised to see it is a perfume. It smelled a lot like skin and less like any common note. Whitemusk when balanced with fruits can do the magic. but do not take it easy as it has been tried thousands of times before and very rare of them got the justifiable repute of Narciso Rodriguez for Her.
After sampling the EDT and EDP several times on many occasions, I'd have to conclude that both seem to be very different scents altogether. Personally I prefer the EDP which I find creamier, much richer, more powdery, and has a more distinct floral sweetness to it. Both are synthetic smelling but in a good way like Clinique's Happy for Women. To me there isn't a hint of fruits at all in both concentrations. 
I am fascinated by the wildly confliciting opinions this perfume generates. I have to say I didn't think much of the EDT or EDP, not bad but nothing to make me charge for the register either. However, I am addicted to musks, and oils in particular work well for me. So I went for the Musc for Her, I think the scent translates so much better in this form, it's smoother, prettier, richer but still quiet. On me it's a innocent clean floral musk, a daytime fragrance . I just don't get the sexy vibe others mention. I guess my sexy is a little dirtier. I think it's quite pricey for a strictly daytime scent, however, the quality is there, the oil is thick, the scent is concentrated - just a dab or two really will do you all day. The packaging - opaque black bottle in a sturdy reusable black box is perfect for storing indefinately and even though I use this as frequently as any of my others, it will easily outlast them all.     
The one in the black bottle. You know that heady, invincibly sexy feeling you get when you're just the right shade of tipsy, the night is young, and you're looking like a million bucks? If that feeling were a fragrance, NR would be it.
it's the amber that is its downfall.  i can handle strong orientals and chypre and a light musk.  but without fail, an amber note will give me a headache and have me running to wash it off.  I love smelling it in the bottle.  but once it gets on my skin, i can't stand it.  
This review is for the EDT, which is the superior version of the two.The first words that came to mind upon smelling this on a smelling strip were:- Radiant- SeraphicOn wearing, it feels like the radiance of the sun at noon in an early spring day.It also smells like a niche perfume (Tocca's Cleopatra). Does not smell like SJP's Lovely at all to me (not too impressed with that one).This is marketed a feminine? Could've a fooled female coworker who thought it's a men's.Note: Tried the EDT. Not impressed with the EDP - cannot smell the EDP much at all, even after a few hours. The EDT lasts for 6-8 hours.
My fiance loves this scent - he apparently read about it in some or other men's glossy, tested it at the perfume boutique and came back weak-kneed.  I went hunting for it to test and I was not disappointed.  I like "ghost" fragrances - ones that are unusual ("not safe") and not overpowering (ones that people don't immediately comment on but ones that linger in a person's imagination until they smell the perfume somewhere else or on someone and immediately get reminded of you).  My signature perfume is Euphoria by Calvin Klein.  I have only used 2 perfumes in my entire lifetime: Tommy Girl by Hilfiger and now Euphoria.  My other favorite is Alien by Thierry Mugler and now, Narciso Rodriguez for Her EDP.  I love Rodrigues solely because it smells elegant without being girly and overtly feminine and it has the "ghost" effect.  For a perfume snob, Narciso has done very well.  I love it.

I have the EDP as a gift back in 2003, I still have it.  It's sophiscated, subtle and youthful unisex scent.  It can easily be mistaken as one of Serge Lutens creations.  A quiet warm woody oriental scent.  It has a nice depth of musc and complimented by all these ingredients all blended so well together, that musk eventually becomes skin scent.  A little pleasantly bitterness to my nose. Mmmmm....  Despite the fact that it's been around for awhile, and has been popular for awhile, like Envy and many other great creations, I should judge it as it is, a thumb up for Narciso Rodriguez for Her!
One of the most beautiful scents I've ever experienced. It's deep, feminine and extremely sexy. I have to agree with "hester" that it is a very intimate smell. It's so earthy and dusky, but also so smooth. It is very similar to SJP's Lovely, but it's not as flirty and light... it's much more sensual. One of my friends had a whiff of it and described it as 'mesmerizing' - i totally agree with her. Definitely makes the top 3 of my all-time favourite scents!
A nicely crafted fragrance, yet it smells very old. Like very old. It is the choice of many young women (a lot of friends of mine use it), yet I haven't met anyone that this frag suits. It is just too safe and smells very tired to my nose. Like insignificant. Gorgeous bottle though, true work of minimalist art. I wish the juice had matched the container.  
I have the EDT - I'm confused about this scent, because I see the EDP advertised with different scent notes - anyone know what's up with that???  Anyway, I LOVE the scent of the EDT and it works just perfectly for me - I love the little touch of honey you get right at the start of it, and the bits of woodiness that gradually seep in as the day progresses.  This is a perfect scent for summer ... or for recalling summer during the winter.  Lovely stuff.
So finally I got the Narciso Rordigues for Her, almost two years after it´s release in my country! It took a while to be able to try the EdP, that is why. On my skin the EdT and the oil don´t come out at all, but the EdP do instead! The EdP is a high quallity perfume, really longlasting, and keeping it´s tone all the way! Perhaps this is what I like the very most about this perfume! It is quite silent, but there all the time! I wonder if this is a summerfrag as well, I hope so! Two thumbs up for Narciso Rodrigues for Her EdP.
There can be nothing as sexy as this (I prefer the EDT)! A gay friend said it smells lovely, very intimate and 'like womens' underwear' (because he'd know!). I adore how this throws a cashmere-ey veil around me, how you mustn't try to get too close to smell it, how it radiates woman and sex and love.... mmmmmmmm! It could get too sweet on hot days, though, definitely, and its presence is stronger than the wearer suspects (must be the musk). If only it were at all affordable! In South Africa it's very much at the top end, price-wise.UPDATE: I bought it! The big bottle, too! Now I'm (perhaps unwisely) wearing it on an unseasonably hot day. We'll see how that pans out, but I sprayed with abandon last night, and this morning I still smelled like the best thing on earth. The way this stuff merges with your skin! LOVE.
An incredibly beautifully floral fragrance.  The balance and refinement is exquisite.   The opening presents a simple and direct use of orange blossom and osmanthus supported by the elegant ambers and vanilla of the heart notes.  The longevity of the top two levels is superb and the movement from top to middle, from middle to base is seamless.  The base completely measures up to the excellence that preceded it: an exquisite woods and musk transparency.   Without a doubt, Narciso Rodriguez is already a classic.
This perfume is so special.  The first time I discovered it, a sample body cream, I had to have it.  It has become my signature fragrance.  Yes the EDT and EDP are quite different, but yet the same!  The EDP definitely has a rosey aspect to it and a little more intense.  Love the drydown to that sun baked sand, amber, honey, so comforting.  I love the body cream also.  It's expensive, but worth every penny.  Couldn't be without this one.
I've only tried the EDT version, and enjoy it. A creamier, sexier version of SJP's Lovely (though NR came first). A sophisticated musk, it would be appropriate day or evening, in most situations.  I don't find it particularly sexy, but rather classic and and ladylike.
This is my current "go-to" fragrance.  I rarely wear anything else.  I own the EDP.  I found it sweeter on my skin, as it has a heavier "honey" note than then EDT.  Dry down is heavenly.... its currently been almost 20 hours since I put it on this morning.  It seems to have become part of my skin, as I can still sense it every time I brush my hair out of my face. 
After compulsively buying this wonderful Musc oil, and rationalizing "everything is expensive" now-a-days, and then having a wee guilt attack after...especially realizing I probably wasn't going to eat well this next week at the loss of $150...I must say I'd buy "Her" again in a heartbeat. I have been trolling for new fragrances these last few weeks, and been mostly disappointed in the lion's share of scents I could find locally. I asked myself what I used to like and wear when I was a young girl...would I still like those same things? Ahh, I remember...musks! Back in the 70s and 80s, when musk reigned supreme, natural was "in", and we were all in touch with the earth. The memories were happy and compelling. Then I found NR "Her Musc" and have been bowled over, taken prisoner, and scent-washed beyond redemption. A very quiet, rich, floral musc that merges with your own oils to create a warm exuberance on the skin. No sickeningly sweet anything here. Earthy, sexy, natural (much more sophisticated than those I used to wear!), and simply hedonistic. I couldn't ask for more...I'm still a musc girl in every way. The staying power of "Her" is unending...it's there until you wash it off...always quiet, always softly wafting nearly unconsciously through the brain. I also plan on buying the EDT or EDP at some point...they're beautiful as well...but I'm in no hurry...I've captured the weightier soul of the fragrance in this oil, and can wait for the lighter side until it beckons. I relish this find, and love wearing this nearly perfect fragrance. Notes:Honey Flower, Solar Musk, Orange Blossom, Osmanthus, Amberlyn, Vanilla, Tactile Musk, Tactile Woods, Vetiver.
This is a sexy, almost animalistic scent, yet at the same time very feminine, in an old-fashioned, classic perfume manner. The combination of the two - animalistic and feminine/ladylike results in a unique scent with true 'va-voom'!
This is a very seductive fragrance, a passing, over-the-shoulder glance in a floor-length gown. The EDT starts very rich, dark but not confusing or overpowering. An atypical musk accord, amber, and sweet woods combine to create a dense fragrance, a dark veil of sensuality. Similar (yet richer) to my nose in philosophy to Prada's feminine amber. 
For Her edt is a clean pretty musk on me but also has depth from honeyed notes and woods which I can't pick out. I used to own SJP Lovely as well as For Her but gave that one away because it was too light in comparison. I would describe For Her as a 'comfortably sexy in your own skin' scent.
I must say that I was shocked by the beauty of this fragrance.  Not only is this a high quality frag, I smells like a real rose not an interpretation of what rose smells like.  Very classy.
I wear the musc oil and love it. Did not care as much for the edt and the edp, which were somehow too heavy. The musc oil is whisper-light, sweet and clean smelling on me. It is pricey but worth it, IMO. It stands above the cheaper Egyptian musks out there. 
I was inspired by many of the threads I have read lately and had to try this.  In every other perfume I have, I prefer the EDP or perfume, but with this one I chose for the first time the EDT.  I fell in love at first sniff and I usually do not like musk, but this is so special and sexy.  I highly recommend it, but only if you can wear musk.  This is very mild, but lasted all evening and was still there in the morning.  Just love it!
I first smelled Narciso Rodriquez in Paris and I was intoxicated!  It was so chic, so sexy.  Very heady.  I felt like such an urban sophisticate.  I couldn't stop sniffing my wrist.  I imagined lying in bed smelling like this all over.  And then i bought the EDT (black bottle)  As I began using it, however, the drydown is an acrid Egyptian musk.  Just like the oil from the street vendors.  It immediatly makes my sinuses explode and I get a headache.  The fragrance is hard to remove.  But I love the way it smells...  I sampled the EDP (pink bottle) and the acrid smell is not there.  There is less musk and more flowers.  No headache.  For those of you who love the perfume but hate the headache, try the EDP.  Stay away from the EDT.
Narciso Rodriguez (EDP in the pink bottle) is one of the new "pink chypres," which is formulated without the "classic chypre" combination of bergamot + real oakmoss/treemoss + patchouli + labdanum and other, various assorted green, fruit, floral, and wood notes.  This new genre is not as wild and untrammeled, nor as pungent and unpredictable as the classic chypres could sometimes be.  However it succeeds in creating the delectible sweet/sour, salty/bitter, wet/dry contrasts that make a chypre so great . Narciso Rodriguez EDP is concocted of creative synthetic notes, but I smell rose, peach, vetiver, and musk.  As a man-made scent, it retains its characteristics and stays true from start to finish.  I am a fanatic for chypres and own and wear many, both new and old, well-known and niche.  (See my wardrobe.)  My teenage daughter thinks most of them smell too "old" for her, but she fell in love with a little pink tester of Narciso Rodrigurez (not the black bottle, which is a honey/orange blossom/musk and lacks the rose/peach note.)  I think this is a fine introduction to chypres for the young generation.  Good job.
Love this one, it reminds me of Lovely by Sarah Jessica Parker. The EDP is more fruitier then the EDT, love the EDP version more because the fresher notes seem to stay longer. It may occur strange but I often use this one in combination with Cristalle... everyone wants to know what I'm wearing because it's gorgeous!! 
I love this fragrance. It is so gorgeous and intriguing. The notes of honey and solar musk are to die for. 

Quite sweet and powdery to my nose.  A defining metrosexual fragrance.  I had Cuba Gold before I got to sample this classic from 1995, but the dry down is very similar.  The opening of Le Male is better and so is the performance, but otherwise, you get the same powdery sweet lavender plus vanilla/amber combo that’s been working it’s magic for decades now.

The current formulation has decent projection without being too loud and lasts 7-8 hours.
Started as a teenager and have been wearing it ever since. Le Male has a strong cinnamon vanilla and lavender note, creating a scent to make women weak at the knees. My signature! 
Its got a nice mix of lavender, vanilla, mint thing going on.  It becomes an accord to me, melding together to smell "le male"ish.  Powdery, synthetic, sure.  If it didn't have that terrible bottle I'd own it.  Performance is good.  A respectable fragrance.  
JPG is awesome simple as that. Sure it has its time and place, i like to wear it when its a little chilly out with a descent outfit for going out. just like 1 million and invictus etc the frag will have its haters. But like i say, if your goal in a frag is to get noticed and get compliments then this is one of those. I guarantee anytime you wear it someone or several people will stop and ask what your wearing or tell you "omg you smell so good". Isn't that the point afer all?
I wish I had tried this before reformulation; as the smell is great, but it barely lasts me 3 hours in projection/longevity. The drydown scent is AMAZING, and I would rate it much higher, but the endurance of the aroma is nonexistent.
Jean-Paul Gaultier Le Mâle (1995) is a very important fragrance, and indeed a very controversial fragrance in the world of perfume. This was Jean-Paul Gaultier's debut masculine and it set the world alight with it's bizarre tin can packaging and risqué muscular male torso bottle with sailor shirt stripes to match the previous year's Classique (1993) and it's bare-chested feminine bust. Le Mâle did several things at once upon release: it established perfumer Francis Kurkdjian as his first creation (and arguably most successful one); it's loud and bombastic smell cut through the club scene like a hot knife through butter and was the de facto king of that scene until Paco Rabanne 1 Million arrived in 2008; it unintentionally gave the gay community on the male/male side a champion scent due to it's bottle design, bright smell, and "sailor boy" aesthetic that was in line with gay ideals of male beauty. You simply couldn't get away from this stuff in the club scene, and even after scents like Curve for Men (1996), and Givenchy Pi (1999) started taking nibbles at Le Mâle's dominance in more mixed clubbing company, it continued to rule the gay scene for years to come, and is still a strong contender even in the face of the aforementioned 1 Million in clubs of all kinds across the globe. 

In fact, Le Mâle has perhaps become too successful for it's own good, which fuels the controversy around it's artistic merits because everyone was just overexposed to it back then like they were 1 Million, and more-recently Dior Sauvage (2015). The scent's famous artemisia and mint opening is much to blame for it's shrill piercing of hot nightclub air, but it isn't quite an ozonic as it doesn't have a huge grapefruit note, but just the usual bitter bergamot and a contrasting cardamom note. Le Mâle is all about contrasts, which is how it gets to be so freakishly loud without being cloying like Joop Homme (1989) at similar volume levels. Cinnamon and dirty cumin is opposed by fresh lavender and orange blossom, showing Francis Kurkdjian borrowing a play from Edmond Roudnitska in the "dirty but clean, virile but pleasant" department, but the base ends up taming this beast at the end. Sandalwood, cedar, tonka, amber, and vanilla act as a forgiving security blanket that hides the diametrically-opposed notes in the top and middle. By the time Le Mâle is (finally) a skin scent, only wisps of the mint and lavender really remain to mix with the heavier, creamier, and powdery base, making this a very barbershop-like smell in it's final throes. I actually get a bit irritated by this finish, but wearing it on shirt helps keep the top around longer. There really isn't another fougère like this one (outside of clones), and the performance is beyond this world. Expect 10 hours plus of good detectable sillage and projection way past an arm's length. Best use is pretty much all seasons save the dead of summer, but obviously this smell is associated most with the night life.

Le Mâle is finally starting to appear dated around it's 25-year mark, and like other notorious period scents from the 90's such as Nautica (1992) and Tommy by Tommy Hilfiger (1995), is so inexorably linked to the decade of its birth that even in the gay scene (where it had the longest clubbing lifespan), it's seen as "old-school", which hurts it's wearability. If loud mint, bergamot, lavender, spice and vanilla traffic jams sound like something you could dig, you can't go wrong with Le Mâle, but if you were duly overexposed to it like I was, then you can appreciate it's importance but never bring yourself to wear it more than occasionally, a single bottle lasting a lifetime, or wear it again in some cases. Nuclear performance is the name of Le Mâle's game, but much of the notes used here inform of later Kurkdjian creations for his own MFK label, and has come in so many different packaging editions that it's also become a darling with collectors. The scent has always been something of a love/hate, but in no way am I dismissing the entire Le Mâle line, as there have been many different and nice flankers in the years since, a good portion of which are also designed by Francis Kurkdjian. A famous fresh, jarring, semi-powdery fougère scent that is instantly recognizable but not versatile like most things of its ilk. Thumbs up
The legendary Le Male by Jean Paul Gaultier... Introduced in 1995, it is one of the most successful - and most copied - perfumes of all time, that really influenced the way male perfumery advanced ever since.

Being the second perfume I ever got back in 2000 (5 years after its release and still being extremely popular back then), there are so many memories tied with its smell. I believe that Le Male is the kind of male perfume that every single perfume enthusiastic should smell as an introduction to what male perfumery was and still is all about. It is exceptional in its own way and - while it may smell a bit dated after so many copies of its smell being released, from male perfumes to... car deodorants, still stays relevant to JPG brand philosophy. You may love it, you may hate it but you have to give it a try.

Nice longevity, ideal projection - I feel that it is a bit watered down nowadays, compared to the original formula though, which is not a bad thing, considering the fact that the original formula could stay on skin for 24 hours and more. I remember going to the pool wearing the original formula years ago and having people around telling me that the whole pool water smells like Le Male. 

Apart from all the flankers of Le Male that JPG released (which all have been kind of fail - except Ultra Male and the new Le Male Essence), in my opinion the only perfume that took Le Male base and developed it to something modern and powerful is Prada Luna Rosa Extreme. 

In conclusion Le Male is a milestone in male perfumery, something that being in market for 21 years proves. While I am not sure if it is the way I want to smell in 2016, it has always been a steady presence in my perfume collection, something I love to visit from time to time.

*This review was written after several full wearings of the perfume and not just after smelling this on paper or on wrist.
Not something I would wear nowadays as it reminds me of being a very young man up to no good.

Still a great scent and remember when I sampled it for the first time. It smelt so damn good. Really different and unique. Girls went crazy fro the stuff!! 

Oh...........Those were the days!
I tried this when I first started getting into fragrance. I almost bought it on a blind buy because I thought the bottle looked cool. Luckily I tried it at the mall before doing so. I didn't like it and went with Versace Eros instead. That was about a year and a half ago.

This past weekend, I saw 1.7 ounce bottles for about $25 and went for it. I'm glad I did. The scent grew on me.

I'm getting a combination of vanilla and lavender from this one, and maybe tonka bean. It's a pleasant scent for this time of year. I would recommend it whenever it's chilly out, but it probably won't do so well in warmer weather.

Unfortunately, it doesn't have adequate projection or longevity. It smells nice, but the performance is lacking. Maybe it would make a nice date fragrance since proximity matters, but that's about it.
Classic.  But I think a bit played out so no longer in my rotation.
A legendary, polarizing and ever popular oriental scent that will always be my favorite.  I've seen several attempts by different fragrance houses to recreate Le Mâle (sometimes convincingly, other times even improving on it); but THIS is the defining sensual experience that, after all these years, still delights (and annoys) many.

For me, the lavender, mint, vanilla, cumin, and sandalwood are well formulated.  There is that Clubman Pinaud vibe here (that pleasant powder in the green bottle used in barbershops after a haircut).  The bottle is always a shocker to behold, and the tin can is unique, too! 

The flankers that have come (and gone) all take the Le Mâle mystique and enhance specific notes.  In the case of the "La Cologne Tonique" set, the fragrance serves the role of a bracing, tastefully muted body spray.  But for me, it's hard to dislike the retakes on this one (save for Ultra Male, a radical remake that is its own scent).  A dependable, always pleasant experience...Le Mâle will remain in my top favorites of all time.

This is beyond a classis.  Of all scents that I have owned, and still own, this is the only one that I have purchased and gone through numerous bottle, plus also the after shave balm.

From bottles that are over $1,000 to mid range to low end... This one has always stood out.  The scent brings up good memories, good times in my life, and I have never not enjoyed this scent.

I do not wear it out often as it is not a unique scent, however I do use it before bed.  Such a happy and calming scent for me.
Not much more, if anything can be said about this one. This was the first designer fragrance that I was really exposed to and absolutely loved the smell of. It will get hate due to its popularity as much as people who genuinely dislike it's scent. I had a friend who picked out ginger in this one which was probably the cinnamon/orange/cumin I guess. Can't say I get ginger... or lavender for that matter which seems to be a very dominant note quoted by the majority. All I know is I get a very pleasant smell that for me is the same now as it was in the late 90s. Above average sillage and longevity and a real classic for any wardrobe.
Review and Ratings based on the original formulation.

Years ago I watched the commercial, where guys are changing from their stripes shirts to formal suits. As soon as i watched that commercial (I believe was aired from the year 1995), I knew I had to get it. I had to wait some more time, and after possessing 2 fragrances (In which were given to be as gifts), I had to buy my very fragrance ever. It had to be Le Male. 

All I can say is, that this fragrance is a memory. Yeah, Memory in a Bottle. Enough Said. 

Thanks.  
Lavender.  Lavender. Lavender.  But in a good way :)
Judging from the positive reviews and love this fragrance gets, I made a blind buy ( actually 90% of my scents are).. 

It smells pretty nice as it projects. Smelt directly from the skin I gets a rough, synthetic after-smell.. Lots of vanilla in this one. 

Maybe it's because it was re formulated, I don't get the beast mode longevity and projection everybody talks about.. I even wore 4-5 sprays on a hot day, barely got notices.. 

Still happy it's in my small collection.. Barely escaped a neutral..

6-7/10

Salutation.

Yes LE MALE!This one is really great.elegant is the perfect way to describe.strong and definitely FRENCH style.masculine,beautiful,like a dream.

In my opinion Le MALE is clearly not for everyone.you either love or hate it.one spray is enough for long hours.well balanced and the base it very lovely for me.

One of the best fragrances in winter nights for me.perfect for smart stylish man.and one of the word is magical.

Thank You JPG.

82.5/10

It is a fresh, cool and modern perfume.
The scent is soapy and lavendery.
It is an oriental-fougere type of perfume.  

It is a very popular perfume. 
I liked it so much, I bought it even though it is a man's perfume. So defiantly thumbs up for it. 
Thats a monster!!! but a good monster so good that it has became so common that I could not wear it any more.
Vanilla mixed with candy sweetness cinnamon and pepper with monster longevity and projection.
the bottle is just....bad!
I really enjoy this scent especially the dry down. I would say it's quite unique to other colognes on the market. all the notes fit together perfectly. I would only wear this scent in the winter as its quite gourmand like. In my opinion le male is one of the best gourmand fragrance out there. I would defiantly recommend this but I would say test before you buy because it might not be for everyone.
I am surprised I have never smelled this on anyone where I live besides myself. I love this notes in this one. One would think that mint, lavender, and vanilla would not work well together but they combine so well together to form a truly unforgettable scent. I always receive compliments in this scent and my wife is madly in love with this scent. A great fall and winter time fragrance.
an excellent fragrance overall excellent projection and longevity. i use this one for fall and winter. for school or office wear only wear one spray but for dates or going out 2-3. no more than 3 sprays. its just that mine came with a defective pump :(. but i will exchange it.
The opening is on another level to anything I've worn before. Powerful, juicy and mouthwatering. The projection before it dries is a force to be reckoned with. The drydown is also nice and this stuff lingers on the skin for a good amount of time.

Not completely masculine, but then again not perfumey at all.

The bottle is impressive, a real quality item. I have the 75 ml and it just feels great in the hand, the glass has a really smooth feel.

However, Le Male is of course a victim of it's own popularity. The first time I wore it on a night out, it was recognised and named by the first person I came across. For this reason I would never wear it regularly. 

Also if someone is wearing other than yourself,  it it can be a bit cloying.

4/5 - Shame about the fame!
jpg le male is a true classic in my eyes. Vanilla lavender combo one of the best in the business. This projects forever and lasts a long time. Its stood the test of time so you can get this one cheap. Im not sure how you could hate this other than the fact that you prob smelled it on someone before but who cares.  I definitely get compliments with this one. The dry down is strong and i like that! you can get this one cheap!
smell 7/10 not bad i love vanilla
longevity 10/10 beastmode 
projection 8/10 this might have been reformulated???? i remember it projecting better but idk..
Very nice lavender/vanilla fragrance with a slightly herbal minty opening. 
Great longevity and sillage.
Hated. Loved. Adored. Loathed. 

No matter where you stand with this masterpiece (if you don't have an opinion do yourself a favor) this is  a fragrance that is undeniable. When I wear this I am usually asked what it is...just the pronunciation of the maker and cologne does something to people. Of course those in the know either roll their eyes or smile. I don't usually go into the ingredients of colognes as one only needs to look that up- but the minty vanilla of Le Male is glorious and was a game changer when it appeared. Instantly recognizable both by scent and sight, a definite legend in its own time and in my mind.
Very very sensual barbershop smell. The trick: easy on the trigger. 
Very sweet.One of my first purchases of cologne. Very sweet smelling. Has a vanilla-powdery drydown.Pros: decent projectionCons: doesn't last as long as the original "
Best fragrance if u are looking for sweetness.	Well I was looking for it and finally found it last night...i just wanted to check how its is coz i asked someone to get it for me...when i smelled it I was completely in love with it...that sweetness and the dry down is excellent..cant wait for it :DPros: Long Lasting, Projects GoodCons: Expensive :P"
Fun and Lively	Le Male by Jean Paul Gaultier is one of the better lavender and vanilla based fragrance offered to this date.  This scent can have  a mysterious aphrodisiacal effect at times.  Just remember to put this scent on mildly.  It's quite potent so please consider others and the occasion in which this will be worn.  Overall, a beautiful scent that gives undivided female attention to its wearer.  
Pleasant, sweet, great longevityI enjoy this scent very much. Most fragrances wear very close to my skin so even something with the reputation Le Male has, I don't smother people or invade their nostrils. The vanilla is very nice and the powder is something new for me but it is also quite pleasant to me. I think this is a fragrance that is just predominantly going to be popular with the younger crowd more so than the older crowd, and once you've smelled it you can see why. I really enjoy it and plan on continuing to use it. To each his own. Some people can spray once and get a headache from the sweetness. I can spray 2-3 on and you won't know I'm wearing it until you get relatively close to me.Pros: Sweet, long lasting, projects wellCons: Can be too sweet for some people"
I love this stuff, and it gets me noticed more than just about anything else that I own. It is another scent that seems to suffer from extreme popularity, but nobody else in my inner circle even seems to know what it is. It is a very pungent, sweet smell that follows me around wherever I go. It is strong stuff, so I try to go light on the trigger. Awesome for the middle of winter, it cuts through the cold, dry air in my area and has a good festive smell.
I dont really like sweet fragrancies but this one, wow. The top notes are very clean and fresh but as it dries down it gets very very sweet, mainly vanilla and cinammon. It smells so damn god, i'd like to feel this scent even when i go to sleep :D.

I think this is one of those frags that you either love or hate but if you love its love at first sight.  Projection is good, just as longetivity, but it doesnt last any longer than 5-6 hours on my skin (its still very good, compared to other frags).

absolutely favourite
I know this is a very popular fragrance. And like all things as popular as this there will be some backlash. But this is a top notch fragrance. Very original and very good quality. You spray this on and it seems like it would last forever. Definitely a winter time scent. This should not even be sold in tropical countries. However this is one of my all time favorite fragrances. A++.
A very exquisite and expensive smelling fragrance. It is instantly noticable and recognised. I have had countless 'you smell nice' comments and it is without doubt a smell for the modern guy and the fragrance lasts for many hours. It is very well packaged and marketed and really goes down a treat with the ladies.
I smelt this today after reading alot of reviews about it and..

I was delighted :D

As its got alot of vanilla (I LOVE VANILLA) i did adore the smell; but it did come of as abit sweet, maybe abit too sweet? 

Also, i got abit of cherry from this? Anyone else get that or is this just me? cos i was getting some cherry and alot of vanilla on the dry down?

Anyway, even tho it is quite sweet, i am pretty sure i will pick up a bottle of this soon.
It took me a while to warm up to this fragrance but it is the fragrance that made me realize that you actually have to wear a particular scent before you can decide whether you like, love or hate it.  The opening of Le Male is what initially turned me off about the fragrance.  I got a peppery cardamom scent at the beginning that I didn't particularly care for.  That is what made write off this scent initially that was until I smelled Le Male on co-worker of mine that had gone into the dry down.  It made me actually test Le Male on my skin... well long story short is I got to experience the wonderful mint-lavender-cinnamon middle and the vanilla-tonka-amber finish.  Im still not a huge fan of the opening but still an overall great scent.  Projection is good while the longevity on my skin holds for 14+ hours.
Vanilla and mint dominate this frag. I enjoy it. I keep reading how projection and longevity are beast with this more but I don't experience that. 
It's a good fragrance. Not the best, but good enough to earn a thumbs up from me. It's a powdery sweet scent with great projection and longevity. The bottle design is amazing, and it looks great displayed on a shelf :) I own the limited edition flask version though. Once i get through with this bottle, I'm going to purchase another one for sure!
The first time I tested this I was not impressed and it was easily forgotten.
For Christmas my wife got me a sample pack from Sephora, this was one of the frags in the box.
I tested each one on my skin daily just to see the outcome, boy was I shocked.
This package contained two of my favorites, D&G The One and Gucci Guilty and
this one won me over after trying it on my skin.
4 hours in and I swear it is just as strong as when I put it on.
I am not usually a fan of the "soapy" smells but this one blows my mind.

I am a huge fan.
Crowded, synthetic. So what? If looking for a fragrance for a night out, that has good performance in skin and like the girls, this is your candidate.

There's nothing left to say about this wonderful scent. Classic and timeless, definetely a must have for any fragrance lover. A wonderful mix of lavender, vanilla and tonka bean (mainly) that lingers for a long time in your skin. Thumbs up!
I love this stuff..  Been wearing it for years, and yeah a lot of people wear it, but it lasts a long time and I think it smells great.  Asked for another bottle for Christmas this year..
What an absolute classic this is.

The first 5 seconds of this fragrance is possibly my favourite smell in the world. A blast of fresh, minty masculinity. The drydown calms down but is still really pleasant and agreeable, you won't find a woman that doesn't love the way this smells on you. 

Lasts forever, very versatile, the bottle is a classic on your shelf, can't ask for anything more. 
Great fragrance, a little synthetic but had a great projection and longevity. The girls love it. : )
one of the all time clasics,( cool water, acqua di gio). unrealistic smell of mint,cinnamon and vanilla that is done perfect. if you love sweet orientals this is for you. beware of the bootleggers. if you get the 4.2 oz bottle for 30 bucks you have been scammed. this, chanel and acqua di gio are the most bootlegged scents..
Even though this one has been around for a while, I have to rate in as if I just smelled it for the first time. Longevity is a beast on this one. The scent is on point also. The only thing about this frag is everyone has it. If you want to stand out of the crowd, this may not be for you. But if you want a scent that's going to hang around for a while, this is your juice.
VANILLA BOMB!!!

So whats there to say about this 1 that hasn't been said? Not Much anyway...I just had to get this Gem of a fragrance. Growing up in middle school i used my brothers Cuba gold all the time it just smelled so sweet and elegant, idk lol thats just how i pictured it at the time. A few years later after wearing Eternity and Hugo(again my brothers haha) i found out Cuba gold was a "knock off" of JPG, it had been years since i had smelled cuba gold so i figured why not give this "JPG" a try. So i purchased a bottle, initially i was thinking "what the heck is this?". I smelled traces of cuba gold but nothing too similar. Than about an hour into it i start smelling something familiar ,i start sniffing my wrist And Wow it smelled just how i remembered cuba gold smelling like but much better...

Anyway now that i own a few more bottles this stuff smells somewhat dated it just brings back a lot of fond memories, and its no longer my favorite :( haha...Nevertheless i still LOVE the smell once it settles down after about an 1hr into it. It just starts off too strong thats my only Knock on it. But as stated this is Either a Love or hate fragrance.

Three words To describe this VANILLA, VANILLA, SEXY....Not the best Vanilla scent but its not Ever so popular for NO reason!

The classic manly vanilla fragrance. Over here in Georgia, USA not many people wear it, so this is fantastic.The smell is excellent: minty, lavenderish vanilla. Potency is great with this fragrance, and I don't find it cloying if you over spray (the mintiness and comforting feel of the vanilla are not heavy). Should be good all year around, summer time included (nights preferably). Spring time I think is the best time for this fragrance, since I like to bring out the really gourmandy scents in the coldest weather. This is definitely great for regular temperatures though. Will get attention and cause smiles. Great fragrance.
If you like vanilla and mint this is for you! The performance is incredible. Sure, its not the most natural smelling thing, but if all your worried about is smelling natural then why don't you stick to BO. This scent is delicious and a lot of women love it. If your in highschool this might be great for you. Not many kids where good fragrances at that age, and with this being so sweet it will set you apart from all the fresh scenes kids wear. Just go easy on the trigger and you'll be good. Also the colder is gets the better this smells. There's just something inviting about this in cooler weather. 
Awesome. I love it. My only problem is it reminds me of shockwaves hair get from the 1990's
I dont think its as popular in the Uk as it used to be i think the the kids have moved on to 1 million and other frags now.
Its fairly linear which suits me fine no worrying about what its going to develop into and its strong. 2 sprays at most are all you need. Its almost like someone lets off a mint and vanilla bomb. Good for nights out, might be too cloying in summer when its hot

Lot of people has got their own views about JPG LE MALE but it's one of the best perfumes ever created.I feel ,it's ignored by by a lot reviewers because it's used by a hell lot of people and its very common.Otherwise this perfume is a great creation ,no one can deny the fact.It's a mint and vanilla bomb.I dont really know any other perfume which has got such a day long staying power.Its truely a monster.People might talk about A*Man,Joop and lot of other things but these all do not posses the same quality notes.I use it in the morning and it keeps on going strong till evening.As far as the projection concerned ,no other can beat this.Belive it or not.Guys ,if you want to find out mistakes ,you can find it out anywhere,even in the most greatest things in the world.
Love it, been wearing it since high school. Sweet, woody, vanillic, and yes it is a bit synthetic and overdone. But its JPG after all.

Also it has in my opinion the best executed note of cumin in perfumery: it does not smell one iota like mexican or middle eastern food, it does not smell one bit like very bad body odour (which is why I dislike cumin), yet it adds a slight funk to the blend as it dries down and descends from the sweeter, heavier, louder top into the lower pitched coumarin-rich vanillic base. Very nice, provided you don't bathe in it.

Also I've noticed that last year's formula tweaking lessened its sillage, and it now seems to spoil very quickly. I kept an unsealed bottle of a formulation from about 10 years ago, and its fine, but 10 months with the newer formulation and it smells like its beginning to deteriorate, but still quite good.

End of the day: don't care about how overdone it is, how widely it is used, and the type of people who use it. Its a great fragrance, and does me very well. 4.5/5.
I live in St. Louis, MO - and this one is pretty well known in these parts as a club-only scent. I faked hating it for a long time before I would admit to owning a bottle. The stuff is truly beautiful. I have seen women literally roll their eyes in pleasure when sniffing my shirt. It smells a little fem to me, but hey - the wife loves it, so it has a home in my collection of bottles. There is no denying it's authority. One spray would get me through a weekend on the farm working around pigs.
Scent: Mint, Vanilla, Lavendar, Spices (Sweet/Spicy)

Usage: From 1 being rarely used by people and 5 being most commonly used, this fragrance gets a 5.  It's very popular and best-selling, for good reasons, but at the same time it's own success is what makes it for some people difficult to wear because they do not want to smell like several other guys.

Longevity: Lasts 6 to 10 hours (8 for me)

Projection: Initially overpowering, so wear a half hour before going out.  Stays strong throughout, doesn't die down.

Sprays: Since it is very strong, I recommend only 1 spray.  2 at the very most.  NEVER any more than 2.

Caveats: If you find sweet scents cloying, you may not like this.  This is a very sweet fragrance.

Recommended Age Group: Younger crowd (15 to 30), but anybody though.

Overall Rating: 9 out of 10 

Verdict: A classic, that belongs in all collections.

If you've been to a bar or club in the last decade in a major city you've smelled multiple guys rocking this. Powdery, floral, spicy, woody. It's pretty complex and it is ubiquitous for a reason. Women like it. It projects like crazy. It basically kicks noses in the balls and takes no prisoners. It's very masculine in that sense, even if it is pretty powdery and floral. 

Night-only people. Preferred in the winter/fall. I smell far too many undergrad-types sporting this during the day in the summer. It gets cloying and can turn many people off, especially in close quarters. 

Still, it's well made, is loved by men and women alike, and has a proper place in the clubbing scene. Just don't overdo it.
Opens up with sweet lavender and by the hour i get a nice spicy fresh vanilla and as the hours go by i pick up a slight cinnamin,and all i smell now is vanilla and what i believe is "mint". Very good :).
The scent is pretty good and projects awesome. I'd only would wear this on clubbing nights and I don't want to be wearing what the guy next to me is wearing so its a no for me. Ladies do like this.
I don't know what it is about Le Male, but it sends me into a frenzy! Perhaps because it reminds me of someone? The powdery sweetness of the vanilla combined with mint, cardamom and cinnamon is the perfect mix of sugar and spice, surprisingly quite masculine. However, I'm a female and wouldn't hesitate to wear this either. Someone in another review compared it to "body funk," but it reminds me of a freshly perspired man, skanky in a good way!
Very sweet, powdery, a bit minty and some tobacco, to my nose. But I would stress VERY powdery and sweet, and fairly linear. Sillage is not as impressive for me as for others, but no slouch. Longevity ia about 4-6 hours projecting, and another 2-4 very close, maybe 6-8 overall. This is very similar to Joop! Homme to me, and if you like sweet and if you like one, I would think you would like the other. I think it is worthowning one, but not both. I picked up Joop! first, so I will pass on le Male. I believe Joop! costs less as well, not sure. Also, Joop! has more longevity foe me.

Good scent, very powdery, a bit feminine, in fact, reminiscent of Joop! to me, and I prefer the latter.  However, I am not averse to powdery sweet on occasion, and this one is a pleasant enough interpretation of that, with some other fun notes mixed in, so thumbs up for me.
Now this fragrance has one of the best projection and longetivity. This is definetaly a sweet smell, so use it sparingly. Half to one full spray is enough for me. This is a good compliment getter if you wear it right. One of my faves.

This is enjoyable, interesting and evocative for me, but will not be for everyone. Tuscan Leather kicks off with a photorealistic rendition of new car leather, cocaine and raspberry. It’s brash, unashamedly synthetic and in your face in a manner I particularly enjoy, in the same way that many people find getting a whiff of petrol to be pleasant. 

As the alkaloid/diesel top dies down it turns into a mixture of spicy hide with a solid chemical base that never seems to let its opening go away completely. For a 2012 batch performance is strong lasting over 12 hours, sillage is tight and dense. 

It’s simple to describe, easy to like, but challenging to justify a full bottle at Private Label prices is dicey.... for one simple reason. 

Fahrenheit.

If Fahrenheit is a hardworking, modest, industrialist millionaire, Tuscan Leather is his depraved, entitled trust fund douche bag son. Amazing execution and all, is Tuscan Leather worth triple the asking price of the father of this style? 

Still a definite thumbs up and I’m very happy with my decant. But if you haven’t referenced Dior’s masculine classic, that ought to be your jumping off point. 
One of the best modern leathers on the market today and worthy of all the acclaim and buzz. There is a reason it get's copied by Clive Christian and others as it's a modern designer masterpiece, great job with this one TF! A must try.
Narcotique;..-- Narcotico!

Bare with my bullshit, please...

So... Here we go. I first read about TL some years ago... prior to my stay in France (studied language there for six months). Seem'd like my type of scent. Elegant, dark leather, wow I thought. I was still - who knows maybe am still today - in my initiation phase; I praised perfume as "status symbol", as a garment, in a way - but let's not forget I've always genuinely adored scents and tastes etc. 

Today.. many years later.. it hit me what Tuscan Leather really portraits. Although, I had always bare a good hint; 

Let me give you a clue: When arriving in Provence, south of France, I wore my thrifted Armani jacket. I'm 99.99% sure it's a fake. However it's black, and it's suede, or at the least fake suede. First time applying TL was in France, I wore that jacket, covered it, three sprays or so. Lovely! for me TL was always sort of that black suede. Then later during my trip I went to a The Kooples, spotted a suede leather jacket... I went to some other designer store, spotted a black suede coat... which was REALLY expensive... Never really cared about their scent, prolly didn't sniff em, but to me they screamed: TL!

Today some new gloves of mine arrived by mail, as my old ones got lost..

I ordered a pair of brown leather gloves and a pair of black, also suede. They differ only in two aspects: color and odor. The brown leather has a much more, shall I say, musty odor; I think it's more accurate to the actual smell of purely tanned leather, lacking the sweetness of black suede - when leather gets tanned for the western market, it's chemically or perhaps sometimes organically treated to give it a less harsch scent/odor; leading to leathers smelling differently, usually the same color of leather have similar scent, for example: I can tell if there's a beige leather sofa in a room, or if your sneakers are white, just by sense of smell).

Now the TL;DR

Tuscan leather smells sweet like black suede. The black suede I smelled was made from goat leather. Although I find these aspects in the black goat suede too, raspberry and ashy smoke are amplified in TL. There's also something tobacco-ey. And something moist, watery, perhaps a moist rose, an absolute, which might definitely be used also for the black suede tanning. Or perhaps I'm mixing stuff up here.. As i brings both noir the noir and oud by MFK to mind, I though it was rose, but only NdN has rose, but both of them has saffron, so does TL, perhaps it's the saffron, which may be used for black suede tanning, too. The thyme is there, too. Perhaps that's why it'a so powdery, dry. 


I Imagine Tuscan leather as gothic, mysterious, sort of Johnny Depp in Sleepy Hollow. 

A Tuscan gentleman, in black suede.     







Powerful, very distinctive masculine fragrance with a bittersweet raspberry effect.

I would not call it a leather fragrance except in a completely abstract sense, and I doubt whether many people would describe it in these terms, were it not for the name. It is a million miles from the odour of shoes or leather goods.

On the other hand I am aware that perfumers use the term leathery  to denote fragrances with a certain dry smoky phenolic quality due to the presence of quinolines, an example being aramis. 

If you had to describe this perfume to someone who had never encountered it, you might say it is aramis on steroids, plus a mountain of raspberries.
You're doing yourself a disservice if you like leather notes, but haven't tried this one. I love leather perfumes and this is one of the best - maybe a toss up between Acqua di Parma leather.
A true delight to wear. 

Definitely a masculine, refined and confident fragrance. 

It will always be in my collection.

8/10
Original:
Alright. I'm about 15+ hours into Tuscan Leather. I was not a fan of the initial smell, but it did grow on me. I didn't know about the whole Drake song, and the pop culture references to it. I guess I somehow missed that. I'm not a hip hop guy. The drydown I didn't feel was super different. Becoming used to smelling it, it smells unique. It smells male. The rasberries are there, but it is not overly fruity. I can understand people liking this fragrance. I reapplied 8 hours in and it is still kicking. I know I can still get wafts of it without burying my nose. Good/great performance. 

Supplemental: This is a great fragrance.  The smell is addictive.  The performance is stellar.  It is a sweet masculine leather.  Never have to worry about wearing it in any situation.  
The Tuscan Leather

I sprayed this one on paper at the Ataturk Airport in Istanbul. I instantly fell in love with it. Even on paper there was a good projection, and the longevity +12 Hours.

On my return, I sprayed it behind my ears. What I got was smoky-leather with a hint of sweet Raspberry.. Exquisite scent. The leather is done very very well. 

The character of this scent is seductive,mature and masculine at the same time.
Even though it's Unisex, it is more suitable for men than for women.
Pro: This is an instantly likable male scent (not that a woman couldn't wear it, but it is not surprising on a man). The raspberry/leather combination works well, imo.

Contra: Comes off as pretty synthetic, and has little development. This is very linear. 

At this price, not fb-worthy for me. Not a bad bottle to have, though.
Magnificent leather experience! Reminiscent of fine-quality leather jackets, wafting with smooth berry and spice and luxurious suede. 

Tom Ford's "nose" paints a picture of something rich and dignified, using an interesting array of notes to achieve an atypical leather scent. 

Thus, it is in the perception and expectation of the smeller how it ultimately comes across: Pleasant or putrid, pricy or cheap, relatable or alienating.

I find it lush, glorious, thought-provoking and overall very classy. Opinions will and do vary on this one!
Greetings. Tuscan Leather by Tom Ford, from the scent connoisseur's perspective -
Truly a Masterpiece!
Worth all its notoriety and hype garnered.
Easily the one of the most elegant masculine fragrances I've had the pleasure of encountering. 

Vintage Tom Ford

As polarizing as this is, what this fragrance evokes to me is the inside of a luxurious car's leather interior with a wonderful smokey saffron note which makes this fragrance stand in its own distinguished class from other great leather fragrances.

As for the highly mentioned...raspberry note, I cannot speak to this, I do not detect raspberry because I have no clue what a raspberry smells like.

With that said - word to the wise: TRY BEFORE YOU BUY! This is not for everyone, this is not versatile, and this is not a mass pleaser. 
It takes a certain level of unapologetic arrogance and apathy to rock this fragrance because it will offend plenty. It comes with the territory and just draws attention that way. Not a fragrance to overspray by any means.

This is an Alpha Male fragrance worthy of the podium it sits on and its Golden Tom Ford crown it wears.

10/10 rating.
Strong, bitter leather with honey, green spices and smoke. Very well crafted. 
I didn't want to love this one (especially at the price!) but when I ordered a bunch of samples, Tuscan Leather kept calling me back.

Smells like a fine Italian leather jacket, not a saddle or catchers mitt.  The raspberry in the background makes it fascinating.  I don't get any smoke.

Tuscan Leather lasts well over 12 hours for me.  1 spray is it for me so I can't really comment on the sillage.

This is a love it or hate it frag.  Not a good blind buy and I wouldn't recommend it for steamy summer days but I think everyone should sample Tuscan Leather for reference.

Where do I start???

When I first tried Tuscan Leather I thought it was too over bearing. Maybe too opulent and full of leather and nothing else. After playing around with it over the past few years I have come to appreciate this wonderful fragrance. 

Tuscan Leather does come across as full on. It does come across as a bit of a playboy. It does come across as slightly aggressive and cocksure. So I can see how some of the more reserved members could find it repulsive.

I actually get more suede than leather. I get the slight raspberry/tart note. Other than that the fragrance is pretty linear. What you get at the start will be what you get at the finishing line.

With regards to the cocaine association, I totally get it. And it's not just a fleeting note. It's there. To me it's deliberate. As someone who has never really been into that scene, I confess that I am no expert. However, I know what the stuff smells like and it's all here.

This is a statement fragrance. You will stand head and shoulders above the rest. Just be sure to pick and choose the right occasion. 




Nice leather scent. The raspberry really does sit beneath it and is difficult to detect. It does dry down to a sweet vanilla, but my skin loves vanilla and always makes it more pronounced. Elegant and cozy. I wore it frequently this winter.
A classy bright leather based fragrance.
Tuscan leather is one of those fragrances that smells better when it is sniffed from a distance rather than up close. i get the raspberry and saffron in the opening followed by a bright and sharp leathery note. it does not smell dark to me. longevity is excellent.

Rating: 8.7/10
Tuscan Leather is probably the closest thing to an animalic that I'll wear. The opening smells like oiled leather. The oil is strong to my senses, almost more so than the leather to begin with. It's not unpleasant and feels musty and earthy to some degree. I found myself waiting for the raspberry to appear. I'm now three hours in and the addition of the raspberry with the oiled leather smells great! I'm enjoying it much more now. I'm at seven hours in now and this has mellowed into a wonderfully enjoyable fragrance. The "oiled" smell has dissipated to the point that it's barely noticeable now. At the lower level it adds more to the composition in my opinion. I've had four female co-workers tell me today that this smelled great! That's a pretty decent testimonial!
Being number 9 in a series of 16 reviews on critically acclaimed and noteworthy scents. 

For my money, Tuscan Leather provides a very good middle path between completely rugged leathers, which I can give or take, and fragrances that incorporate leather in some form as a subsidiary accord. 

It starts off with a version of leather that is robust enough to be believable, and as per the name is redolent of a high quality leather garment or accessory straight out of an exclusive boutique somewhere in Italy. The transition is a gradual but smooth one, working through various florals, perhaps gardenia and violet, to end with a sweetish raspberry accord that retains just enough of the leather to make it work. Once the leather at the beginning wears off, TL betrays its unisex origins. I would like to smell this on a woman and see what happens (with the development of the fragrance). 

Sillage is uncompromising and longevity nuclear. The quality is high and while I am not likely to part with the money for it any time soon, it keeps you interested. I think I'm a fan. 
Stardate 20160908:

A great modern fruity leather. While no BelAmi in composition, it is more wearable.

It is a trendsetter and hence copied shamelessly (and improved IMO) by PdM's Godolphin, AdP Colonia Leather, La Yuqawam etc.

Everyone should smell this and the others listed above. And then buy one that suits you the best.





I love everything about this.  It is spicy, leather, wonderful sillage and longevity.  Best of the Tom Ford line...EXCEPT ONE THING...La Yuqawam pour Homme Rasasi smells IDENTICAL and costs under $100 while this is in the neighborhood of $200
If Tom Fords Tuscan Leather were a wine, It would be a huge unapologetic Cabernet. This is massive leather with crushed blackberry,raspberry and saffron beneath it. This scent is sophisticated testosterone in a bottle that will bully all your other fragrances. Think Ron Swanson in a leather chair, smoking a cigar and drinking his Lagavulin whiskey by a crackling Yule log.

Mar
17
2016 

Thus stuff is awesome, I mean really awesome. Definitely stout and maybe too much for some but you have to appreciate the raw power in just one spray. It Exudes a confident aura of ruggedness. I have been through three samples/decants this winter and looking to get a bottle soon. Top note is definitely a rich leather kind of like Connolly hides in an antique British roadster with some sweet smoke mixed in. I get hints of the raspberry but my nose is so enamoured by the leather it doesn't stay with me. Again expensive and should be sampled thoroughly but special in so many ways.
I'm not saying that you have to have a rough style with leather bracelets and other male jewlery, but it definitely helps if you are comfortable having a bit of a Johnny Depp-esque style if you are going to pull this off. Rough, confident men can wear this. 

Fantastic, authentic smell, but not for everyone. 
Salutation.

The stuff of addiction.If you've ever wanted to be so classy, sophisticated and sensual that is intrigues your presence,much like JAMES BOND,then TUSCAN LEATHER TOM FORD would be your perfume of choice.The private Blend lineup is full of great choice like this one and Tobacco Vanille.this my new favorite is truly a gem because not many poople wear it and this smells far better than 90% of the fragrances out in the market today. TUSCAN LEATHER exudes class and demands the envy of others. Rich,Leathery,Smoky, Special,Bitter,Expensive,Addictive and Masterpiece.

This great fragrance opens with saffron and raspberry for a powerful introduction,before fading into a heart of jasmine and olibanum.finally leathery notes bring a warm masculinity to the base however it is a unisex but i found it more masculine than feminine. the dry down is absulutely unique.it definitely a perfume that can worn to formal prties and all formal occassions.the best seasons Autumn and Winter to wear it.ideal for a rich tycoon. everyone who thinks this kind of perfumes are too expensive and junky,then dosent have a right perception of essence of perfume world.expensive yes,but so worth it.it smells like you spent a fortune on it and will leave you wanting to wear it day after day.Royal Enchanment in a bottle!

Sillage?Great.

Longevity?+8 hourson my skin.

7.75/10
This cologne is REALLY incredible.  The name describes it well.

The first time I sprayed it on, it hit me. ...it reminded me of a very particular aroma.

When I was a kid, i remember trying to wear my grandpa's old leather bomber jacket. --You know, the type with the woolen collar?  The jacket just had a smell, an aroma, an aura.  It smelled like all the fun and cool things my grandpa liked to do.  It smelled of tobacco pipe smoke, a gentleman's hint of some sort of booze, old exhaust-beaten leather and it smelled dirty, but earthen and not odorous.

I wish I could post an old photo of him in that jacket.  The picture alone would exude "Tuscan Leather".

The dry down doesn't change the aroma as much as some other Tom Ford samples I've tried, it stays consistently the same type of aroma from start to finish.  I really enjoyed it.  8/10 for me.
A classically-masculine smooth leather, with elements of woodiness and smokiness.   This mostly lives up to the hype, though I'm not surprised since most Tom Ford Private Blend fragrances impress on uniqueness or strength at least.  As I'm not typically a fan of leather notes, I was surprised how agreeable this was.  I cannot detect the raspberry note specifically, though some of the floral/grassy elements are there.

Projection and longevity are both strong (more than a foot, and 8+ hours), though not as a strong as other TF PB cold weather entries like Tobacco Vanille or  Noir de Noir.  Nonetheless, it's worth trying and considering, even for the price tag, as it's well-crafted and pretty highly-concentrated

If I were bigger on leather, I would surely opt for this.  Any man should try it for himself, though, even those like me that are not usually too keen on leather.

8 out of 10 
This fragrance lived up to the hype for me, but was more refined and 'civil' than I had expected. Very little raspberry to my nose (and almost no smoke) with a prominent leather scent that's simultaneously raw yet soft.

Maybe my nose is going haywire, but on dry down I get pencil shavings, yet there's no cedar listed in the notes... maybe it's the olibanum + the styrax together? Regardless, it works. The leather and wood give me the ambience of a craftsman's workshop.

It's tenacious. I can't speak to projection/sillage, but it seems potent enough on my skin that I dare not more than two sprays.

Not complex at all yet seems perfectly blended... incredibly smooth yet the leather gives it a nice edge. The price hurts but I don't care -- I love this stuff.
I love leather scents and Tom Ford Tuscan Leather (sample from TPC - theperfumedcourt.com) does not disappoint!  Thyme was very present at first, but I only caught a whiff of raspberry up top then more developed later.  I detected leather on opening, the heart and at the base.  A very rich, expensive leather with a hint of smokiness to it and a background of suede at drydown.

I wore this to work (big mistake!), and it was a bit much for the office.  In future, I’d wear this in more casual settings or a night out.  The projection and sillage are incredible (which I adore) so a little over the top to my nose for a professional setting.  I would step out of my office and return 15-20 minutes later and still smell “me” in the room.  I put this on before work in the morning and it was almost as strong when I got home at night 10 hours later!  I also used 4 sprays (chest, neck, wrists), and next time I’d probably just do 1 good spray to the chest.  I had forgotten before putting this on it was an EDP.

IMO this is really a very masculine scent and I’m not convinced it is unisex.  Unless you REALLY love being enveloped in the scent of leather all day this should be avoided, and the scent is enhanced beautifully when outside in the cold weather - Yum!!  I’d recommend only 1 – 2 good sprays.  I love this, and will probably procure a small 5ml vial from TPC since you can buy small quantity juice there, just to have some on hand for special occasions when I want a sophisticated leather fragrance in the winter months.

As always, your results may vary!
I thought the same thing when the woman at Nordstroms sprayed me with it.Oh man Leather on my skin now I smell just like a coat and I live in FL so it was warm outside and I would walk pass people thinking I smell like  a leather coat in 75 degree weather. But as I left and went home the most amazing thing happened I rolled down the window and my gosh the most beautiful smell arose and entered my nostrils.  I looked at the freshener in the car nope and smelled my arm where she sprayed and it was awesome.  The dry down was amazing so much so I turned around and went back 20 min to pick it up.  So many compliments now at work. It works well in the heat also. Love it 10 Thumbs up
This is the right fragrance at the right time for me. It has the concentrated niche smell I love, and it's a smoky leather version that is perfectly safe and enjoyable.

Update: This stuff lasts forever on clothing but isn't too powerful if it touches skin only. The development is challenging, and my initial enthusiasm has turned to caution. I'm leaving it as thumbs up, but I need to wear it more to decide if it's really for me, and something I'm sure I like. I'm thinking it may go into the neutral category, but I'm giving myself time to try to understand the Tom Ford Private Blends, and whether they're actually any good.
SMOKE!

That is all I could smell in the opening of this one, but not a mild cigar type smoke.  More like an industrial coal burning smoke, extremely strong for the first hour or so.

The dry down has now mellowed to a gorgeous raspberry note backed up by an oriental or middle eastern fragrance that I can't quite put my finger on.

The stangest thing is, i'm not really getting leather as such, perhaps the vaguest hint is there but certainly not in the foreground. (must be my un-educated nose).

When I first sprayed this on I was a bit overwhelmed (the opening is SO powerful), and thought that if I smelled like this the entire day I wouldn't wear it again.  But after an hour or so it calms down, and then you realise that this is excellent stuff.

Buy a sample first (I did) because this will certainly not be everyone's cup of tea, and go easy on the sprays!

But WOW, this is a real winner!
Upon originally smelling this, I got an overwhelming amount of smoke that obscured any of the other components, including the namesake Leather.  Various trips to the Tom Ford counter at my local Nordstrom got me several samples which I layered with TF Mandarino and again with Oud Wood which really brought out the leather and the raspberry in the dry down that everyone talks about (and layered really well too).  Since I'm finally able to get past the smoke, this well crafted, challenging (for me) and ultimately rewarding gets this frag a thumbs up from me. 
This is a very well behaved fragrance. For me it opens up with a strong leather note. Fresh leather but not raw like cuir d'arabie. It's kind of like AdP Leather with the citrus substituted for the raspberry. However, for me at least, this did not last more that 10-15 minutes. The dry down is long lasting - it has serious legs on my skin. A little too much raspberry for me. It is masculine though. Refined and for the more mature man. Overall it is a quality fragrance but I would not pay the high price for it. 
Genre: Leather

The purist’s leather:  a rich, smoky, birch tar-laden leather accord unencumbered by much of anything else. Critics might complain that this is more of a perfumer’s “base” than a true fragrance, but if you want unadulterated leather, this is it. Linear for a couple of hours before it fades into a dry woody amber. 

Forget the jasmine, frankincense, herbs, and saffron in the pyramid. It’s about the leather,  so if you think the iris and civet in Chanel Cuir de Russie, the fruit, moss, and spices in Knize Ten, and the oudh in Oud Cuir d’Arabie are all distractions, this may be your leather scent. If any of these others are your leather ideal, you might find Tuscan Leather incomplete. But I can’t deny that it smells good!

yea. raspberry and leather. a classy scent. Tuscan leather is a well behaved and safe scent. classy not sexy. 
New to the fragrance game. I got a good deal on ebay for a lot including this perfume, amouage (i still don't know which one), aedes de venustas, narciso rodriguez, 3 hermes fragrances etc. When i first tried TL out, it felt very harsh and sour and I just couldn't get myself to like it so i immediately listed it on ebay for sale and went to bed. 6hrs later I woke up, in the middle of the night, and the listing already had 12 watchers and then something magical happened - I smelled the fragrance on my wrist - and it had evolved so nicely - still very leathery but it had lost the harshness it had when it opened. I immediately took it off ebay (thankfully, no one had placed a bid yet). I took my shower, went to school and returned and I can still smell this beast on my wrist(18hrs later). Im so keeping this. I'll probably get a bottle of TV too so I can layer it on this because this is likely to be difficult to wear for a young dude like me. BTW, first review on basenotes - yaaaay!!!
My personal favorite of the Private Blend line. A fantastic leather scent. Off the top there are nice notes of raspberry mixed in. On my skin, it dried down to a very rich smokiness, with amber mixed into the picture as well.  I think this is a rugged, mature fragrance and is great for a cool evening. The woman at the Tom Ford counter described this as the cologne for "the man's man" and I would agree

The longevity is fantastic, it lasted for many hours on my skin. Really happy with this fragrance. 
Standing at the Counter in Neiman Marcus, I turn to my wife and ask "Aventus or the Millesime?". Like a stubborn child refusing to leave the toy store without her wishes granted, she replied "Tuscan Leather.". 

We left with a sample spray of TL on one wrist and MI on the other. The combination was heaven. We spent the next few hours switching off wrists to nose. The next morning we were pleasantly surprised to find Mr. Ford stayed for breakfast. The longevity makes it extremely difficult to pull the trigger on a bottle of the Creed. If I could wear only one fragrance from this day forth, this is the one. It's extremely classy and luxurious, although honestly, I do associate its scent with a luxury of the past (as one reviewer put it, Tony Montana's desk). I'm not sure how we would have interpreted this fragrance without that association. 
Tuscan leather is the background smell of a Scorsese crime drama. The bold leather note is accompanied by an equally bold (and opulant) raspberry note. As the fragrance dries down the leather smoothes out, the saffron comes forward, and the raspberry remains although less punchy sweet. Throughout the whole affair fresh cigarette ashes linger in the background. The sillage is powerful and the longevity is nuclear, especially on clothes. The timid best stay away from this as Tuscan Leather will wear the weak.

9.5/10
Fantastic!The best Tom Ford scent ever.  Lasts forever, masterpiece.

Growing on me each applicationI think this is a good smell, but not a fragrance I wish to wear, or at least not very often. It smells like a wood shop to me. Or perhaps wood shop meets shoe repair store. I get leather and balsa wood, a sort of dusty smell once it is dried down. The initial top notes are a bit bitter or perhaps sour. I think my description is making out to be not a great scent; this is not the case. I just don't think this is for me. _____ Update; the longevity on this one is amazing. It last nearly 24 hours on my skin. I actually liked it more the following day; perhaps a lighter hand would be in order? A retest is needed. _____ On a subsequent wearing I went a great deal lighter, one small on my chest, and a very small one on my wrists. This is really growing on me.____ Today, I am really liking this. I especially appreciate it several hours into it; I find a bit of sweetness comes through. It is also a projection, longevity, and silage beast. I applied at 6:30 am, and 11 and a half hours later, it is far more intense than a skin scent. It also becomes more sensual at this point, moving away from what once was perhaps industrial  to a more natural leather and sweet smell.
Tuscan Leather is my signature scent. In the high desert US,  longevity and projection are challenges because of the low humidity. I need my frags strong with longevity, especially if I am paying niche price.  I work in a office but on the weekend I am a jeans, boots and black t-shirt kinda guy.  The opening is one of a oiled leather, strong and masculine, 30 min later and the sweet amber joins the party.. wow.. what a great sent.  I have had women tell me it is strikingly sexy.  I have 10 or so frags in my collection.    For work I wear my Bonds, for night out I wear my Amouges, for exotic I wear my Nasomatto's and in the heat I wear my creeds. TL however is my signature scent and the one that defines me in my day to day life.  If you think of yourself as a rough and tumble kinda guy ... You have to get your nose on TL.. give it a couple of wearings and you will be sold
There is a lot of discussion as to what makes "leather" the scent in fragrances, and it varies from one perfumer to the next.  Normally it's a vague interpretation of something that REMINDS you of leather, but isn't really leather per se.  For example - shoe polish.  It's not leather, but it sure puts in people's minds the image of nice leather pair of shoes.  Or that nasty smell of leather tannery, with unprocessed hides soaking in various batches of chemicals.  Not pretty at all, and not finished "leather" product - yet many consider this scent to be "leather" in fragrances.  Or the scent of a dead animal cut open and reeking form inside out - sort of like that Tauntaun that Han Solo cut open and shoved Luke Skywalker into to keep him from freezing (Star Wars).  That would be Dior La Collection Privée Leather Oud - it really stinks and they call it "leather" (ok, ok, this one goes from dead animal to cat piss on an old, worn leather jacket on day 2… and then on day 3 it turns softer - into a mattress soaked in urine by a kid that had an accident…  and yes, this one does last 3+ days, even with two showers a day).  How's that for "leather" interpretation?

So there are all those variations of "leather", and then there is Tom Ford Tuscan Leather.  This is by far the most natural smelling leather I have experienced in a fragrance version.  Tuscan Leather smells extremely clean, like the most luxurious, soft leather sofa, brand new leather attaché, high-end leather belt or wallet from an expensive designer house.  Or - like the cabin of a brand new Rolls-Royce Phantom or Aston Martin Vanquish - take your pick.  It is the kind of leather that we think about and smell when we experience finished leather products - good, high-quality leather products at that. Sure, one could argue that this is not a natural scent as it's a byproduct of processing animal hides in tanneries and I'm sure there are some aromatics added along the way to make dead animal skin smell pretty in the end, but that's a whole different discussion.  Tuscan Leather, ladies and gentlemen, is what we associate with the kind of leather products we buy in high-end stores, not with dead-and-still-warm animal flesh or cat pee or motoroil mixed with gasoline.  This is the embodiment of opulent and lavish leather surface at its finest.

Very masculine, sensual, elegant.  I like it straight up, but it also works exceptionally well in layering with other fragrances - it's strong enough to not get overpowered and lost, yet it's soft enough to blend well with ouds/woods, florals, etc.  Very linear and doesn't change almost at all over its long, long life (easily 18+ hours on my skin).  Excellent projection and silage (it is in EDP strength).  I bought only a small 50ml bottle and I'm kicking myself.  When this runs out - I'm getting the biggest bottle they make.  Pricey, but of all the Tom Ford Private Blend creations, this one stands out in my books with a "worth it" note.

Scent: 10/10
Longevity: 10/10
Silage: 8/10
Overall: 10/10
Smooth leather and suede are the main characters here. This is a soft luxurious leather with some serene incense and a subtle floral accord to make it very versatile and wearable. Here's what bothers me, there is a raspberry note that turns this from masculine incensed leather, to unisex my wife wants to steal it leather. Why can we have anything that's nice, all to ourselves???
Rough, edgy, and mysterious. It certainly goes against current convention.
I like the natural, masculine leather scent in this fragrance.  It is long lasting and projects well.  My problem is that it is rather linear, and after using it a few times I feel somewhat bored.



I got a few small decants of the Ford reserve scents, and I must say that I do mostly enjoy Tuscan Leather. I am reminded of a grand hunting lodge with the fireplace roaring, buttery leather chairs, and cigars and pipes glowing. 

I do get  a bit of the dirty ashtray that has been mentioned, but I am an occasional smoker so it doesn't seem to stand out too much for me. But this is strictly a cool weather scent, this would be way too overpowering on a hot day. 

Also, a little goes a long way. A quick spray to the chest is all that is needed. 
A real smoky, deeply tanned leather,  slowly unfolds to give way to mellow amber and sweeter basenotes. A beautifully constructed fragrance, only criticism is the longevity on my skin is a little disappointing: I'm lucky to get 4 hours with this one, which is a pity. good job I bought the mega bottle. The decanter is beautiful too. 
"if a man wears a suit, buy him Fahrenheit.
if a man is into rambling buy him Green Irish Tweed.
if a man is into grooming and shaving, buy him rive gauche.
if a man is into sado masochism buy him Tom Ford Tuscan Leather.....he'll love you for it..."

In all seriousness, this is the best leather fragrance one can get. it is not a scent for other people, it is the lone cogito of fragrances, to be enjoyed on a purely individual basis. I put this lightly on my wrists along with whatever other fragrance I spray on my neck. This is probably my favorite fragrance.
Treat it as a fine scotch, to be enjoyed sparsely and carefully rather than copiously and carelessly. However like a fine single malt scotch, it costs a pretty penny and comes in a nice brown bottle. 
Deep warm leather with a bracing tannic note to temper the sweetness. Smells like the wallet of a wealthy well-groomed man. Could be heavy in the wrong context. I like it more lingering on my coat than fresh on my skin.
A very masculine and aggressive fragrance;  not too soaking like Amber Absolute or Jasmin Rouge.
In my opinion, better to be weared in daytimes hours
a very enthusiastic thumbs up from me. amazingly well done smokey leather paired with just the right amount of raspberry, making this scent both masculine and not to difficult to wear. 
This perfumed boots polish and luxury suede elicits several olfactory conjurations about Clive Christian C which is a more fruity-spicy and a less specifically leathery (far more expensive) beast. I fully agree with rbacker, the beginning is slightly gassy and clearly darkened by the influence of dark-red ripe wild berries (raspberries, bilberries). In a while the leather emerges from the back and it's a sort of silky leather somewhat linear, velvety dark, barely chemical, sharp and plain. The aroma holds on to be leathery and rather linear till the end reporting to mind the luxurious odour of leatherwears and furniture polish. Along the dry down a denser woodiness from oudh keeps coming out with its charge of resinous, plasticity and luxury, conjuring up the slightly chemical and "sticky" typical cobbler workshop background aroma and projecting the luxury leatherwears boutique atmosphere. Realistic and well made.
Wow this is simply beautiful. 

The leather is certainly very strong at first and probably will scare away a few people. However once this juice dries down slowly, you really start to love this. 

It oozes confidence and smells so special. 

I actually use one spray of Tuscan Leather and one spray of Noir de Noir. I once told this to one of the TF counter girls and she thought I was a little crazy until she tried the same and nearly died of being overwhelmed by the glorious fusion.

Try it :)
Tuscan Leather by Tom Ford - Upon application, one is immersed in a invigorating leather, quite similiar to new, nubuck shoes, exuding a soft, velvety smell. This wonderful leather appears to be superimposed on a fairly muted, nectarous and fruity cluster of raspberries. Reveling herbs, namely saffron and thyme, push this fruitiness aside, and infuse the leather with their own sweet and peppery as well as lemony and woody aspects. A faint floral sweetness from jasmine begs to be recognized, but succumbs to the nascent, citrus and pine of olibanum. This rich frankincense rises to tug at the supple leather, and in its zeal, a fleeting, terpene note is sensed. As opposition, a sharp woodiness from the amber counters with its own plea for supremancy. The coveted, subtle leather meanwhile basks in its elegance. Albeit somewhat linear, this appealing composition has good longevity and projection.
Cant really say much , but when I first smelt  it  I thought  wow this is  new to my nose and its not like the other fragrance I have come a cross before ,it does smell like leather tho .and its not like what some say that the dry down is a let down ,u just need to wear it for 2 weeks and have a break for a day and then wear it again and you will know what I'm going on about .
I am afraid that this may be one of those addictive fragrances that I have heard about. I love the raspberry leather opening. It is so sharp that it almost makes my nose tingle. The leather is so true; it is like that crisp animalic note of a new leather belt, or the smell of a leather goods store. There isn't anything buttery going on here, nor anything powdery. It is balanced by some sweetness, but these notes are not readily identifiable to my nose. In the drydown the leather shares the stage with that unusual oud note of Ford's that seems to smell like Ajax or Comet cleanser at first, then settles down into an interesting harmony that lasts for hours. I just cannot stop sniffing my wrist when I have it on.
Beautiful leather, never harsh, just so gentle, but pure leather, a top quality piece of furniture almost. I adore it. I thought I had purchased my last of Tom ford private blend, having indulged in Tobacco Vanille & Amber Absolute but I have to have this, wonderful.

Vanilla-infused turpentine.  Musty, moldy antique wood furniture.  I like it...  I'd say this is a rather dark, woody vanilla, bordering on boozy at times.  This house rarely impresses me.  I find their fragrances rather mainstream, pedestrian, or boring.  This one, intrigues me.

Wooden vanilla fades into a creamy, almost ice cream flavor later on, with sprinkles of pencil shavings.  Ha!  An unusual vanilla scent for sure...
This is lovely. My association with vanilla is that it's usually sweet and gourmand, but this is darker, more like smelling an actual vanilla bean, maybe with some dark rum. Subtle, not intense. If it didn't sound so cheesy, maybe it would be called "Vanille Noir."


Peppery, citrusy, woody vanilla. A tempered yet perceptible vanilla note of good quality thats not cloying or overly saccharine; woven in with a diverse set of citrus, vetiver and oakmoss notes. Well blended, very versatile and one of the best "dry" and "easy to wear" vanilla fragrances alongside Creeds' Sublime Vanille (which has a more upfront vanilla presentation). 

A vanilla fragrance good enough to convert a vanilla-denier. 


Excellent no frills vanilla, can be worn by both men and women, however I would love to smell this on a guy. Your not going to get the gourmand baking vanilla so prominent in other vanilla heavy perfumes. Excellent oak moss and vetiver notes, woody undertones.  
Vanilla is a scent I often struggle with, particularly boozy vanillas or anything with even a vaguely cupcakey accord. This is dry, which seems to be a far less common presentation - certainly vanilla isn't something I particularly associate with the cologne genre. As others have said, Insensee means 'insane', rather than 'incense', although I don't find madness or excess in this at all - if anything, it smells rather introverted in character, despite having decent projection; lasts well too, being a Cologne Absolue. I loved it at first sniff and, from the fact that my first sniff was from an amber-coloured, rather ancient-looking sample, I can tell you that it ages well, getting deeper and a little warmer.
It opens with a full and vibrant lime, a juicy opening for a scent which dries down papery, dusty and (as ClaireV so insightfully pointed out) with something of the Communion wafer about it. Maybe it's the lapsed Catholic in me that loves this, maybe it's the bookworm...
It works well as a base under herbal freshies, too - a great way to transition them between seasons. I definitely get a spike of vetiver in the drydown, to my nose it shows as an earthiniess below the papery accord.


Also, am I the only who just loves the Atelier bottles? Like pebbles, there's something really comforting about them in the hand - just the right weight and those rounded corners are lovely.
One spray of this and I was reminded of a Bruno Acampora oil (Vanyl) which foxed me a couple of months ago as I felt it was a 'green' vanilla in the sense of not sweet. Just read Kotori's review of Vanille Insensée here and she mentions that it smells like the pods rather than baked goods made with vanilla - that is spot on! I had become so used to vanilla being sweet and body lotionish that I'd completely lost the association with the real thing. So VI is a cool rather than cozy vanilla, and I like it. A couple of hours later, it's humming along and exuding a feeling of calm and wellbeing (not cookie scented at all!).
Although it's not something I'd rush out to get for myself, I'm very happy to try it and if I ever wanted a vanilla of this type it'd definitely be a contender.
Ahhh... it makes a lot of sense to know Ralf Schwieger created this one. The style reminds me of Fils de Dieu or the Merveilles line. "Insane Vanilla" is a vanilla-dominant cologne (as in eau de) with a contrasting orange peel note and some supporting jasmine, moss, and woods. The jasmine blends well and whispers softly, never once attempting to overthrow the vanilla. It is a cold vanilla, based on the pod, not the extractor any baked goods featuring it. In the sense of coldness and darkness, it resembles Eau Duelle EDT by Diptyque, though not in the actual notes (other than the pod-based vanilla). This is one of my favorite ever vanillas, which I've learned after a two-year long vanilla quest. Very intelligently composed and modern.
Very nice vanilla that has that old book smell (Not a bad thing). It does have that Memoirs of a Trespasser vibe.
Vanille Insensee by Atelier Cologne is one of the only three vanilla-centered fragrances that I would consider adding to my collection. The list also includes Salimar EDC and L de Lolita Lempicka (sadly discontinued). Lately, it seems like half the beauty and bath products on the market are laced with vanilla, and I can see why—it is universal, comforting, and not “perfume-y”. On the other hand, if I am going to burn a hole in my wallet and purchase a fragrance, I except something more than vanilla extract. Vanille Insensee reminds me of a vintage perfume that developed for several hours on the skin. The top notes are long gone and only a hint of floral accord remains. What is left is a gently humming benzoin-laden vanilla with a dose of subdued “oakmoss”, a touch of vetiver, and airbrushed musk. That being said, VI is far from vintage with its burnt sugar turned up full blast and the civet strategically omitted. Even the moss accord has been declawed and given a bath. 

VI is very approachable, yet it provides the wearer with something more than vanilla scented body lotion. My favorite part is the freshly cut hay accord that is screaming for help under the pile of sugar and moss/musk.

4/5

UMMM - Vanille Insensee - a favourite from the house. Sampled over 2 consecutive days, and it has bowled me over both days! The note list doesn't make much sense as I don't really get corriander, lime, vetiver or oakmoss. What I get is a fantastically intoxicating vanilla with a citrussy-floral orange blossom type note, this juxtasposition created a 3-dimensional scent with lots of shadows, brighter areas and hidden corners.

The Vanilla is clearly the star of the show. This is a straight-up vanilla scent. It is a lot like opening a tube of raw black sticky vanilla pods and giving it a good sniff - quite a multifaceted smell, a little dark, a little smokey, slightly powdery, even boozy with a kind of burnt-sugar and plastic that raw vanilla can give , thankfully not over-sweet. The supporting notes keep the mind engaged. One of the best vanilla interpretations I've come across. Probably slightly feminine leaning, but distinct enough for a man to carry off. I got a similar vanilla from Lush Vanillary but that one went a bit too cup-cake, this one is more like a light dusting of vanilla infused icing sugar: quite airy, light and transparent. Above all a sensual-romantic classy scent: reminding us that - when fully ripe - natures vegetation can be just as seductive as animalic displays!

Overall 82/100. Somehow not doing so well on other reviews, but I'll trust my nose here.Closer to the very best vanillas (Guerlains, Mona di Orio etc) than designer efforts. The real magic is in the first hour, then it may resemble a refined Le Male given an unlimited budget. I'd be delighted to have this smell associated with me.
Atelier Cologne Vanille Insensee is a creamy vanilla, somewhat gourmand-like, drawing from many different concepts: woody, smoky, and definitely floral.

I didn't get too much citrus in the opening, despite the note listing.  The experience started mainly with the vanilla itself, which didn't wait for the dry down.  Similarly, I account for the amber's presence throughout the life of the fragrance due to the creaminess of the vanilla.  The oak stands in the background throughout, anchoring the fragrance with a dryness that doesn't let it become a fleeting floral nor an overly cake-like gourmand.

To compare to other vanilla-focused fragrances, Vanille Insensee contains some of the booze of Perry Ellis Oud Black Vanilla Absolute, some of the florals of Dame Perfumery Blak Floral, and the darkness of Imaginary Authors Memoirs of a Trespasser, perhaps the insensee (incense?) reminding me of the prominent myrrh note in MOAT.

Now I'm not sure Vanille Insensee is as good as of these fragrances since it doesn't really commit to any one direction all that much, but that might make it all the more agreeable among vanilla lovers and non-lovers alike, the latter since it's relatively easy to wear.

On performance, Vanille Insensee projects more and lasts longer than most of its Atelier Cologne freshie brethren, so it definitely feels more valuable, and at an unusual steal at FragranceX for only $84 for 100ml.

Usage-wise, men and women alike can use this throughout the year.  I imagine it can remain under control in warm weather but not disappear in cold weather either, so I'd speculatively regard this is a solid year-round option.  Not my favorite vanilla but one I might consider adding.

8 out of 10
I'm really starting to enjoy Atelier Cologne's fragrances.  They all seem to be slow burners:  I'll spray one on, then think "Hmm, not much to that," and then about an hour later I'll notice a really nice, beautifully balanced fragrance emanating from about an inch from my skin.  Vanilla Insensée is no exception.  It starts as a sweetish vanilla with a lick of lemony jasmine, and then it ends in a light, woody bit of pie-spice.  Quite a polite vanilla, really, in a world full of bombshells, beasts, and layer cakes--but not prim or shy. 
Light, refreshing Vanilla...

This is a vanilla that is in keeping with the spirit and direction of Atelier Cologne in that it is an eau de cologne with a vanilla aspect to it. That means that it is not a perfume with a heavy vanilla note. Instead it is one which is surrounded with citrus notes.

The lime and oakwood are the main notes, along with the vanilla, are what make this. I also detect the citron backing up the lime, and the subtle jasmine, giving a dirty quality to the mix.

I think this is a vanilla for people who don't like vanilla in perfumes. A very wearable vanilla for men and a unique, refreshing choice for women. Not bad at all!
Nevermind the insanity of the name, this is a pleasantly luminous vanilla-inspired scent with a fraction of the richness associated with the bean and none of the heft. A hint of spice, a touch of floral and a toasty paper-like crispness come together for a surprisingly interesting take on the genre. 

Vanille Insensée smells to me like an improved albeit sweeter version of DSquared Rocky Mountain Wood with its warm floral incense vibes. Performance may vary with individuals but I can't personally fault its sillage nor projection as I find them excellent.
vanille edcNon-cuddly vanilla.  More woody than spicy or dessert-like. Papery, actually.  Citrus notes at the top tell you that the vanilla won't be either warm or sweet.  Ambery and smoky notes are accents rather than dominant notes and let the vanilla keep its crisp edge.  The Atelier line purports to reinvent the cologne genre. Without much sillage, strength or endurance Vanille Insensee doesn't step far out of the range of dynamics of the eau de cologne, but the composition certainly isn't the classic citrus edc. It has similarities to l'Artisan Parfumeur Vanille Havane, Serge Lutens Bois de Vanille and Parfums de Nicolai Vanille Intense. Atelier's vanilla shares the coolness of the other vanillas, but is airier, less radiant and more matte. It's the unlikely goldilocks between the contemporary woody vanilla and the classic eau de cologne and a successful refashioning of the edc genre. 
Like raw vanilla bean and spice. Haven't tried it alone, but it pairs beautifully with LaVanilla "Pure Vanilla," which has some patchouli in it. Together, they're as satisfying as a hot cup of fresh black coffee.
l get a refreshing, woody-citrus opening, & then l smell a lot of white musk along with a whiff of jasmine. lt takes a few minutes for the vanilla to appear, & it's not candy-sweet at all, but dry, & laced heavily with amber. The amber becomes more & more dominant over the next few hours, & the base has a warm, woody, slightly honeyed feel. 
l would say this fragrance is far more about amber than vanilla, so if you're looking for a straight-up vanilla, this isn't it. lt is a very nice fragrance though, & the sillage & longevity are good, this being labelled as a "cologne absolu". l think this is supposed to mean a "perfume-strength cologne", although l don't know why they don't just call it an EDP...

A good portion of my adolescence was spent in racing and touring leathers.  Ombré Leather does indeed smell like smooth leather to me (as opposed to suede) plus some sweet florals, as if I had a broken in riding jacket that had picked up some dried down Metallique.  Olfactory memories are amazing.  So strong was the association, for me, it triggered the remembrance of the sweat, shampoo, and plastic-metallic factory smell inside my helmet.  Pretty cool.  Ombré Leather gets two thumbs up for that.  
Smells similar to the raspberry opening of Tuscan Leather. But its funny, it only smells similar right off the top. It changes, and becomes a floral leather, then ultimately a dash of ambrox. At times it smells dry and floral like Dia, others its clean smoke patchouli. Its really good, and been an enjoyable wear every time. Lasts about 10 hours. Thumbs up!
Raspberry shoe leather!

Others before me have done a good pull-apart of this fragrance, so I won't get too verbose with this.

It's a linear scent that smells like shoe leather with the cardamom and jasmine giving this a slightly floral and sweet touch to it, akin to the faint odor of raspberries.  The best way I could describe this would be for you to go to a Nordstrom/Saks, etc., grab a nice captoe, maybe Allen Edmonds or Ferragamo, from the men's shoe department, walk towards the fragrance department, stand about twenty feet from a fragrance counter where the various perfumes can be smelled in the air, and then bury your face into the shoe and take a big whiff.  This smells like the midway point between the men's shoes section and the fragrance counters.  That's the best way that I can put Ombre Leather into an experiential description.

That said, I like it.  I'm not sure if others would enjoy smelling it on my person, but I just dig it.  I love the smell of good shoe leather, and this is a solid representation of it.  I'm also not sure what situation I'd be in where I would want to wear this or where it would be appropriate, but I do know that it needs to be autumn/winter to pull this one off.

Thumbs up on this quirky number!
Effectively a flanker of a flanker, Ombré Leather (2018) is not the unabashed home run that the limited edition Ombré Leather 16 was. Ombré Leather 16 cannily rebuilt Tuscan Leather around a sensual, striking, dark floral heart, creating a dynamic contrast between the leather blast for which Tuscan Leather became so celebrated and a more feminine, formal-feeling supporting structure.

The 2018 release is a drier, starker, more direct affair. The central leather accord is mostly preserved and is still appealing, but the lack of complexity is a significant weakness (unless you're using it for layering purposes). Still a fair buy, though, and I find it more pleasant and balanced than the originator of the line, Tuscan Leather.
Very refined, elegant and luxurious. Closest description would be more rounded, smoother and a bit creamy Dior Fahrenheit. I just can't make a better description of it.

Exquisitely well done, albeit not really original. One can't hold any grudge because of this lack of originality because the fragrance is so damn good. It is maybe a bit of a taste to acquire and not for beginners.

Originality 5/10
Scent 8/10
Longevity 9/10
Projection 6/10
_________________
70%
A beautiful refined leather frag, elegant, that some sweetness may allow for a woman to wear it.

I agree in saying that it is a more airy/thinner version of Tuscan Leather, with the rasperry being substitued by a jasmine note (that results smelling pretty similar to the rasperry). The drydown gives the impression of a subtle smoky note.

It is less aggressive, less in-your-face than TL, and for sure a more elegant version. It has a more suede leather than dark leather feeling.
That said, there is no compromise in performance, as it project strongly in the first couple of hours, and then stays moderate for another couple of hours. 

Pretty linear, but still another win for me together with Tobacco Oud, after a long series of "meh" from the house of Tom Ford.
Worth considering if you can get it under $100 (look around, it starts to show up for that price!)

Mildly cold evenings, 25+
Really nice offering from Tom Ford.

As a big fan of Tuscan Leather I thought this one would be redundant. I was wrong. What we have here is a leather/suede with various floral notes. I've heard others say that this is all leather. I disagree. The floral notes are quite noticeable. 

Doesn't have the staying power of something like TL but very nice in it's own right and would make a great choice for those that find TL a little overwhelming.

8.5/10  
Strong leather mixed with florals and warm, sweet caradmom and amber. An interesting combo that had me saying how masculine it made me feel while the wife thought it leaned too feminine.  Quite interesting.

Either way, it's a scent you keep having to re-smell to confirm your original thoughts and then adjust them to the newest nuance discovered after your latest sniff. Is it a Tuscan Leather flanker? No, scratch that.  Is it too feminine with the florals and sweetness? Nope, try again.  I'm enjoying my testing journey with this one as it really has changed my mind from the initial spray.

Projection is very good and longevity to match.  A very good performer.
Soothing and smooth leather in the first spritz that holds tight throughout the day.  Reminds me of the leather in Aleksandr but a hundred fold bolder and at the forefront. The jasmine plays second fiddle as leather is still dominant after the dry down. I have a soft spot for cardamom and in Ombre Leather it's has a fried/baked cardamom quality pushing it as more savory rather than sweet.  

I'm not a Tom Ford fan, I often find his perfumes and makeup overpriced, but this perfume I would gladly add to my collection. 
After a hugely successful (and underrated) career at YSL, Tom Ford set out to launch his own brand. To the many, this has been successful too, but in terms of fragrance, a disappointment to say the least.

Having only really owned one or two of his scents (Sahara Noir being by far my favourite of all, which is since discontinued), Ombre Leather comes as a welcome addition. Better still, it is not part of the private range.

It isn't hard to see what TF is trying to achieve here. Ombre Leather is a go-between Black Orchid and Tuscan Leather, with a deliberate appeal to both men and women thrown in. The use of nagarmotha is clearly toned-down here, compared to say, Black Orchid. This is welcome and makes this a controversial leather: it's by no means a traditional castorium-based leather. Instead, the black truffle notes of Black Orchid are apparent, as is TF's distinctive patchouli and jasmine accord. I particularly like the jasmine aspect.

The florals give it an added twist of femininity, whilst still holding true to the unisex badge. In fact, this part makes it quite alluring, yet sensual too. The concept of florals and leather is nothing new mind you: from Chanel's Antaeus in the early 80s to Acqua di Parma's more recent Colonia Leather from the Ingredient Collection, the idea has been hanging around for a while.

Ombre Leather maintains a long lasting trail well into the evening and this should be taken into account by the wearer. Projection is also quite strong. It's also worth noting that this is a "smell me from a distance" type of scent. Up close, it can be overpowering.

Finally, the bottle really fits the scent's overall theme quite well, making this a great addition to the 2018 line-up.
A sombre, super smooth, mild, post-industrial rubbery leather. A fragrance for rebels and darkly metallic warriors of the inhuman "funky" megalopolis. Cardamom provides a wet-piquant undertone for a while. Uncompromising, smoky, gasolinic and monolithic like a darker Santa Maria Novella Nostalgia. Not my genre but it hits the spot.
PS: dry down is far milder, less "rebel" (less smoky) and more "social" (fancy and glamour), with a subtle ambery/floral wake.
This one smells exactly like leather. Leather is the main Accord, I also got a bit of cardamom. Ombre Leather 2018 is possibly a new signature scent for leather fans.


Longevity is up to 10 Hours...



As other reviewers have shared, this one is a more appealing alternative to Tom Ford's Tuscan Leather and Ombre Leather 16.

In comparison, this new edition of Ombré Leather is more laid back, not as harsh nor alienating as the others, and is simpler. I get that lovely smell of leather shoes at boutique shoemakers in your typical mall, versus a big stack of thick-hide leather sacks. Amber is a favorite note for me in this scent, which along with the moss and patchouli create a smoothening effect.

Great outing from Tom Ford, which justifies for me the sudden disappearance of Ombré Leather 16 from the local dealers in my area. 


This will truly test a fan of leather fragrances. Ombré Leather (2018) looks to be a retooling of Ombré Leather 16 (2016), which itself was part of the Private Blends, while this entry is not. Ombré Leather kind of sits between the Signature Collection and the Private Blends line price-wise, as denoted by it's strange bottle which is plain like the Private Blend decanters but not squared off. Ombré Leather is a rather simple and straightforward affair, being the smell of black shoe and handbag leather right up front, with little else to get in the way. I'm not sure if Sonia Constant also composed this, but like the erstwhile Ombré Leather 16, this version plays with cardamom and patchouli as support players, but unlike the previous Private Blends iteration, doesn't feel like a toned-down feminine-aimed version of Tuscan Leather (2007). The new Ombré Leather wants to hang in the same wheelhouse as Knize Ten (1924), Dior Fahrenheit (1988), Ted Lapidus Pour Homme (1978), and vintage English Leather (1949) in terms of it's sheer petroleum-tanned nakedness, but it's still not as intense in the drydown.

Ombré Leather opens with that massive black shoepolish leather front and center, playing with a drop of jasmine indole and violet leaf to keep it focused in your mind. Cardamom comes into the middle along with patchouli to round and sweeten the deal enough so that it doesn't burn the nostrils like old English Leather can, sitting right between top and middle for the first few hours. The starring leather note very slowly fades, much slower than in Ombré Leather 16, keeping greater sillage as a result, and leaning fairly unisex, even if most heteronormative ladies wouldn't wear something that screams "Dominatrix" quite like this outside the bedroom. An old-school composite amber note (not ambroxan) joins a fancy new "fractured" oakmoss note free of it's allergens, first toyed with by Theirry Wasser of Guerlain for unreleased reforms of their classics, but now in Ombré Leather to give it a mild, if surprising moss bite at the end. The moss is still dialed way down for modern tastes, so vintage heads don't get too excited, but it's here. Overall, this smells like a shoe, as I first said in the beginning of the review, Ombré Leather will test a true leather fan's constitution from beginning to end.

I think the same level of notoriety and shock value as Tom Ford Black Orchid (2006) has the same potential to arise here in time with the right marketing. The idea of smelling like a cobbler or the gear one wears to a BDSM gathering can be both frightening and oddly alluring all at once. I don't know when you might find it appropriate to wear this, because most masculine-leaning leathers are flanked with herbal or booze notes while feminine ones have floral and fruity supporting players, unless we're talking the 70's and 80's, where everything from soapy orris to a "barrel note" was added. In this situation, I don't think Tom Ford was looking to emulate a specific era of fragrance as he is often wont to do, but rather just delivered an uncompromising one-off scent, oddly based on something from another line of his but brought down into slightly more-accessible territory price-wise, which is another odd facet about it. Tom Ford quirkiness never seems to disappoint, and even if this ends up in the same pop culture trash can as Fucking Fabulous (2017), at least it's a Hell of a sight more wearable. Definitely sample first and keep this to winter use if you decide to take it home, because Ombré Leather ain't messin' around no way no how.
This is a perfect leather.  I smell little if any difference from the '16 version.  What I do smell is an expensive, rich leather untainted by the fruit note that so often accompanies leather fragrances.  Expensive shoes, handbags and saddles in a luxury automobile with the crack of a whip barely hidden beneath the prestigious leather goods.  What is not to like?  A little indolic jasmine up front and a warm amber base add to the rich leather and make this a real winner.
Ombre Leather is more about amber than leather. Definitely more wearable than Tuscan Leather, but at the same time is not as classy as Tuscan Leather. They are very different from each other. Longevity and silage is good, albeit not as good as other Tom Ford fragrances. A thumbs up for sure.

Rating: 7/10
Ombre Leather is Tuscan Leather redone.

Difference to my nose is that OL is better presented, without the grab you by the 'sac' and never let go vibe of TL.  OL is far more wearable; does not beat up its wearer like TL does.  

I suspect it is TL at 50% strength with Tobacco Oud dialed in a bit to tone it down and masculinize it some.

As with TL, this will be love at first sniff for many.
Another hit for Tom Ford.
Great wearable alternative to Tuscan leather! Go sniff this one. Smells like a new car (expensive car) leather. 
Wow! I received a sample from Luckyscent and it was love at first sniff. This leather is earthy with the patchouli, moss and amber added to it. It is manly and sophisticated. I simply love it like all my other Tom Ford fragrances. Very long lasting fragrance.   
I really liked this when I smelled at Von Maur. I enjoy TF Tuscan Leather and this is very similar. It can almost hold its own to Tuscan Leather in my opinion. 

Here is how it compares to the two other biggest players in the leather game:
Tuscan Leather > Ombre Leather = AdP Leather
Very close to the original version as 2016, just slightly more floral. Better price also.  8/10

Very sweet juice with decent longevity and projection. Not much left to say about this fragrance that hasn't already been said. I find it smells like Fruity Pebbles cereal. I like it, but don't see a full bottle in my future.
Is this an everyday fragrance for any occasion, absolutely not. However, nobody can honestly get a whiff of this and say wow that stinks. This frag deffenitely has its time and place. If your goal when putting on a fragrance is to get compliments and have women turned on then this will 100% do the job, women love this frag. I guarantee a compliment everytime you wear it, it is what it is just facts to the haters of this frag. There is a reason its one of the top sold frags in the world. You want to be unique and wear something that no one else really enjoys except yourself by all means, if you want to get compliments at a bar from pretty women this is for you.
Paco Rabanne as a fragrance name for men had slowly slipped down the relevance slope over the years, with the undeniable influence of Paco Rabanne Pour Homme (1973) on the masculine fragrance scene slipping from mainstream design somewhere around the end of the 80's. That watershed scent was needing a "replacement" so to speak in the eyes of the mass-market blind buyers that work off of peer pressure, as it became less of a must-have for everyone and more of a must-have for the vintage fan; once a scent crosses that threshold, it's work is for all intents and purposes done, and a house needs to reinvent it's image with a new halo product. Tenere (1988) was too niche in interest to ever really catch on, and XS (1993) was good, but part of the "fresh fougère" wave and drowned in a sea of samey competition. Paco (1996) was an attempt to join the unisex craze, and Black XS (2005) was part of that "youth targeting" movement of the early 2000's. All of these were good products, but not the one Paco Rabanne needed. Enter: 1 Million. This deliberately gimmicky scent could have been released by Avon during it's halcyon years for the packaging alone, and it was so finely-tuned as a generalist with a fun club-going side that it instantly struck gold (pun intended) with it's upwardly-mobile millenial career professional target. It had balance and pleasantness borrowed from the best 90's generalists, a sweet pseudo-gourmand femme-friendly vibe to make it a "go-getter" in the clubs, plus a flashy, gaudy personality that resonated with the "glorified hedonism" of mainstream hip-hop culture of the time. It checked all the boxes, and became the Paco Rabanne Pour Homme of the 21st century. At what price victory? Well that's the question for Paco Rabanne to answer, as it took not one or two, but three perfumers to concoct this "faceless man" of a note pyramid.

Do I like it? Yes. It's hard not to like this honestly, as it's such a focus-group-in-a-bottle that everyone will find enjoyable facets that counteract the boring or maybe even slightly intolerable ones. Even most haters of this stuff will admit it doesn't smell bad, it just has nothing for them because it's such a boiled down mash of everything people like that it comes across like pandering, and fault it for it's lack of distinction; it's like a person who tries to agree with everyone and is trusted by no one as a result. 1 Million opens with grapefruit, which is a holdover from the late 90's and early 2000's ozonic period, so it checks that box. They add mint and blood orange to the mix, one is meant to smooth out the grapefruit's tang, while the other rounds it out with a darker citrus tone, which checks another box. Sweet, bold, but held back by a scent counterpoint so it stays cool and fresh. The gourmand tones of the middle add some comfort, with cinnamon and other spices playing with rose and a soft suede note, so check off boxes for fans of orientals, floral masculines and leather scents, even if none of these notes really stand out over the other. Finally, a base of carefully-measured generic Iso-E Super woods and patchouli flanks a "everyone loves amber" bottom end. It's almost Paco Rabanne plagiarizing Avon's "me too" designs, but times 10, almost. It's practically the posture child of balance, and is the Goldilocks of note pyramids; not too sweet, not too spicy, not too fresh, not too warm or cool, but just right. It spawned a bunch of flankers, as some did actually find fault with it's design, and ironically they all have more personality than this one does by very nature of their specialization: there's a lighter eau de cologne, a darker Prive, and an even louder Intense version out there now. As if this one didn't cover all bases enough itself, it's siblings will hit any area missed. 

As the fragrance for the guy who wants to both impress everyone yet potentially offend no one, this does exactly what it sets out to do, and was thus copied a dozen times by other houses. Guys looking to make a statement might as well become mute when wearing this so they'll likely do better staying away. 1 Million almost created a new genre of "nightclub scent" as it was most often found in that context during it's first years, if only because of the rich playboy image it's gold bar bottle gives off, making it attractive for a good time at face value much like the people wearing it wish they were. This is where the stigma of 1 Million being the smell of "hetero alpha male douchebag" came from, as this was the smell wafting off the collar of the guy in the white blazer trying to buy all the ladies drinks and hand out phone numbers to every table. It's the arch-nemesis of Jean Paul Gaultier's Le Mâle (1995), which is the polar opposite of this and the "old guard" club scent that refuses to die (but is found more in gay clubs nowadays than strait ones). Again, I do like this, as it's completely pleasant, soft, sweet, with only a small drop of the risque, rather than rolling in it, but I do admit throwing it under the bus in this review due to it's blatant, unabashed commercialism. Liking Paco Rabanne 1 Million is like enjoying McDonald's cheeseburgers: you don't like admitting they taste good in that generic "I can probably do better" kind of way, and you know everyone else who eats there probably shares similar sentiment, but it's such an easy and safe grab that you do more times than you care to admit; that is 1 Million in a nutshell for me. It's not often that a generalist comes along which can pull double-duty in romantic or leisure settings, transitioning from uniform to dress casual and even over to pajamas for the evening after, so it objectively gets high ranks from me for it's utility. However, once you look past the kitsch of the bottle, it has as much personality as a Dodge Caravan. 
I love this stuff, my wife prefers Le Male when I am going with a sweeter scent but this is one of my favorites. No, I am not a cologne Guru, just a guy who prefers a sweeter citrus scent over the pushy salesmen colognes.
A very sexy masculine fragrance, fruity and flowery. Well done, but without much originality. Good performances. 
It's a great fragrance, very powerful and long lasting. its an absolute beast on performance. Awesome opening which then turns very sweet, but masculine.

it Is very hard to describe exactly how this smells. The closest I can compare it to is Rose scented fabric softener with a hint of JPG Le Male... over all its very pleasing to my nose, and will most likely be enjoyed by teenagers and young men (like myself). This to me is only a going out ''partying'' scent, however could be worn in school or work with 1-2 sprays at the most.

Scent - 8.5/10
Silage/projection - 10/10
longevity - 10/10
Versatility - 5/10
weather - Winter nights
Age - 15 - 25 (younger crowd)
Compliments - 9/10 (90% of the time I get a compliment when wearing this)



Out of the bottle this is very sweet and candy-like, but after a while it settles to a nice slightly spicey woody scent, sort of like cedar but not quite (it is probablt the sandalwood note they used). The sillage is pretty low so I would say this is a good office scent.
Admittedly not an artistic masterpiece, Paco Rabanne's 1 Million is a terribly under-appreciated and unfairly maligned fragrance.  It gets compliments and performs great.    As for one of the recurring critiques of the fragrance, the "bubblegum sweetness" is exaggerated.  It is sweet, but not overly sweet.  In fact, it is more spicy than sweet.

Smell 8/10
Longevity 9/10
Projection 10/10

Best for night-time wear, but exercising some trigger control, 1 Million is suitable for all occasions.
A delicious cologne loved by both sexes which is worn by too many and has therefore lost its appeal on me. Also it makes me salivate and my teeth hurt for some reason. I definitely like this scent, but I won’t go past a 5mL sample.
Extremely Similar To Fan di Fendi pour Homme, except is is much more smooth and sweeter. The spices are toned down a bit here, and the leather and woods sit in the background. It lasts 6-7 hours for me with good sillage and intensity. Wonderful stuff. It seems like quite a few other scents out there today. I have a few more samples, I'll wear them all before I decide to buy a bottle. So far I like it.
Honestly, this isn't a terrible scent. I actually quite enjoy the sample I received more.  than most of the "complex" or "higher-end" fragrances I own. Yes, it can be synthetic smelling. Yes, it can be very sweet. However, unless you're consistently only hanging out with perfume aficionados, most people aren't going to notice the synthetic side. Also, the cloying scent that a lot of people describe comes from overspraying. One spray of this lasts me a good 10+ hours with excellent projection throughout, and none of my trusted friends have ever mentioned it being too strong or too sweet. As some people have mentioned, I adore the spicy cinnamon citrus opening, and the drydown's sweetness can be ameliorated by wearing it in colder weather. (Not in an 80 degree club or the summer....) All that being said, you do run the risk of smelling like some other people on the street. But really, considering the fact that most people don't wear cologne and that the average person doesn't retain a fragrance in mind unless, say, they have consistent contact with it, (e.g. their SO wears it) the uniqueness warning doesn't really apply for me. All in all, great fragrance suited to a young crowd, (25 and under, any older and it gets juvenile) very attractive, and best suited for chillier weather with minimal sprays.

Cheers!
Yes, it is loud, powdery, sweetness in a bottle.  Lots of comparisons to cotton candy, but it is cleaner and fresher than just a food scent.  And that's why this one gets noticed and received compliments.

I've always noticed that there is a weird, almost organic smell in this as well.  Looking at the notes, I still cannot place it.

Excellent performance in both longevity and projection.
So... I just tried this fragrance for the 1st time a couple days ago. I ordered a bottle of Noir de Noir from Sephora and they gave me a couple of 1 Million samples with my purchase.  I always avoided this because I knew how popular it was and didn't want to smell like every teenager and club rat in the world.

... So anyways, I tried the samples and my mind was blown.  This to me is incredible.  I get a lot of cinnamon and orange in the opening, mainly cinnamon.  The dry down is a little bit too sweet for me but the opening is to die for and makes up for this minor flaw.  This stuff lasts FOREVER on my skin too and projects like a beast.  I own a lot of fragrances, and I hate to say this but I was more mesmerized by this than most of my niche fragrances, Including the bangers: Aventus, Green Irish Tweed, Millesimal Imperial, Reflection Man, and Jubilation XXV.

I enjoyed this so much that I actually just ordered a bottle a few minutes ago.  I know how most people feel about this fragrance, so I probably won't wear it out often.  This is going to be the fragrance that's just for me; the one that I put on when Im around the house just for my pleasure. 

If you do buy this, you're going to smell like a lot of other people so I hope you don't plan on being unique.  This can also come off as sickly sweet if over applied, so be cautious.  This may be overly used and hyped to the max, but I really enjoy it.  Try it if you haven't already.

Even though I don't wear it a ton anymore, I'm still a big fan and consider it a 5 star-modern day masterpiece for me. 

So unique smelling when it was released and has beast mode projection and longevity to boot. Amazing scent when worn the "correct" way with a light hand, which is among my top compliment getters.
Paco Rabanne 1 Million is a fragrance that change my life somewhat. I am not sure whether it was me.. or the perfume. 

I am from Asia to be specific, I am from Singapore. 1 million is not common here unlike western countries from what I gathered from fellow reviewers here, this has gathered so much hype that every hot blooded male is wearing 1million at clubs over there. 

The fragrance game here in Asia its not big. Not many guys wear frags here. Girls being hit with 1million when I walk pass them did not know what it was. To them.. in her exact words when they walk up to me "You smell so nice and sexy" and keep in mind this is a stranger whom I have just met. 

My neck and lips was ravaged by this girl there after. 

I had thought that it was just a one off event. But it had happened several times that I started to believe in the artistry of perfumery. 

This fragrance although have gathered quite alot of hate from the community, have ignited my interest in perfumes and I have expanded my collection by quite abit with also the recent acquisition of bond no.9's New Haarlem. 
It's a little too strong.  But I enjoy the ambery sweetness and to me almost like bubblegum and cinnamon, which some people would hate but I really like.  I love cinnamon in fragrances and it does stand out here a little bit.  I can't wear too much of it because it can be overpowering.  Two sprays, that's it.  Yes there is a 'synthetic' quality but for me, the warmth and sweetness are appealing.

I understand why so many people dislike it - but I just like how it smells.  *shrugs* no big whoop.  I received it as a gift, otherwise I probably wouldn't own it.
Sweet, beautiful and perfect! 
Hands down, one of the best scents ever made!

Scent: 10/10

Salutation.

Very french style.this is special,sweet and spicy.it makes your feel really masculine and stylish then is pefect for a real gentleman!
this fragrances makes me feel warm cold winter nights too.

I recommend it for every one who wants to be seductive in a classic way!
long lasting and attract a lot of woman.
The bottle also fits to the scent.that is really cute.

7.5/10

Thats sweet!
bubble gummy sweetness chocolate and vanilla

not for me ,I used to own it before but Great for sweet lovers and it is also 
very very long lasting!!!
If you grew up around those colored markers that had specific scents, 1 million is (to me) identical to the black marker - the liquorish one.  IDENTICAL.  I always hated that smell as a kid, and I still do as an adult.

It's definitely a reasonably unique smell.  Just not for me tastes.
That blood orange,mint, and grapefruit in the beginning is enticing. But like most potent fragrances being easy on the trigger is a MUST. Too many sprays can over-saturate the notes and cause you to choke people out. The drydown is very pleasant as well.  
It's definitely sweet! The fruity top notes dissipate on my skin within an hour leaving a much more woody scent with a slight touch of sweetness. I pick up a lot more of the white woods and blond leather than anything else. One spray on the back of the neck is sufficient for me. If I sprayed anymore it would become way too sweet and cloying. This scent is good for chilly weather and cooler nights. I really enjoy this one.
i think this is the best smelling fragrance i have every smelled... when i have this on and walk into a room it will make people forget what they was saying and ask omg what are you wear smells great.
demasiado artificialdemasiado artificial, me causa náuseas, é como se a pessoa tivesse acabado de se entupir de antibióticos infantis e a droga ficasse exalando seu terrível cheiro doce do corpo da pessoa
One of the many ugly millionsThis is exactly why i dont like most most fragrances nowadays... and Paco Rabanne sold his soul in here..The name says it : its one million or as i say 'just one of the many millions..."Its an overedged and overrated scent with al ingredients tending to be too mucho macho.Too sweet too artificial with this bubblegum cinnamon spicy mellon cake. I see boys wanna be men in a discotheques lurking on young women trying to get eyecontact but not manly enough to confront them asking to have a drink or have a nice conversation, they stand with the boys being macho and laugh trying to hide their insecureness...this scent is not horrible but its has no soul... i need SOUL in a scent i need have a scent with a story!With this scent i can only think of the times we live in now... hasty,crowded,fast,aggitated multimedia overconsumed and shallow...And again i get more and more hunger back to the days of real romantics...Pros: - - -Cons: How many characters can i use in this textbox ?"

Easily enjoyable fragranceI'm giving this a positive rating because it is plainly and simply a good fragrance. It isn't on every d&@chebag in my town yet and maybe that's why I'm not predisposed to hating it. It has some sweet scents and sits well on my skin. I can see how some people say it smells cheap and I got that from a cursory glance. However, sniffing further into it and giving the drydown a chance, it became wonderful(on me, anyway). Give it a chance and see what you think, with an open mind.Pros: Sweet, good projection, good longevityCons: Common in some areas, artificial instead of natural"
SUPER SWEET	I like it but don't wear it often. definitely a nitetime frag. can be cloying if oversprayed like I just did..	for late nights hangin out/clubbing or 2 draw attention from the opposite sex this is a masterpiece.	otherwise just an overly sweet mess of a concoction..Pros: LONG LASTINGCons: SMEELS ARTIFICIAL"
Sweet, with Good Projection	This fragrance starts out really sweet and really strong at the beginning, but once it fades into the basenotes it becomes a great scent.Pros: Great Basenotes, Good ProjectionCons: Cloying"
overall, a very good fragrance!L1 million is very sweet but masculine smelling at the same time, it has very good projection someone from 6 feet away and more will be able to smell me, longevity is excellent, i get up to 10+ hours, very goodStarts off with a very strong sweet "bubble gum" type of vibe, and that's pretty much all you get with this fragrance so it's very linear, but it is a pleasant scent.When it starts to dry down, i get a vanilla type of vibe on my skin, but it's pretty much a skin scent when it dries down.I go one spray on the neck and one on one wrist and then i tap it with my other wrist, sometimes i go three sprays, please don't over this because it can get cloying especially in hot weatherI think this can definitely be  worn all year round, just be careful with the spray on warmer weatherI think ANY age can pull this off, I'm 16 in high school and i wear this, the ladies love itOverall i give 1 million by paco rabanne a 4.5 out of 5A very pleasant scent, great compliment getterI highly recommend testing it out on your skin first because you might not like it due to it's sweetness, but definitely check it out and give it a try!I hoped you enjoyed my review.Pros: BEAST projection/longevityCons: can get cloying if sprayed to much"
Sweet leather. 
My second number ONE...	One of the bests! Its my second!
I bought this after 1 sniff.
Although I love the fragrance, I consider it to be somewhat juvenile like being present when candy is being made.

I would wear this if I had to go to an evening event full of younger people and I didn't want to smell like an old man.

Other than that, the use would be pretty limited unless I'm partying in the hood.
I will continue to experiment with it to see where it might best apply.
This is a bit of an odd fragrance for me.  When I first samples it, I immediately fell in love with it.  I get the bubblegum and cotton candy references, but to me it smelled more like vanilla flavored pipe tobacco, you know the sweet sugary kind; even though it has no tobacco smell at all to it.  I made the mistake of wearing too much once and it really got to me.  It was way too sweet and overpowering to the point that it gave me a slight headache.  I highly suggest you go lightly with this one, or else you will definitely regret it.  I still enjoy this cologne in small doses, but can't give it an enthusiastic thumbs up.. I'd rate this as a 7/10.  It's too good for a neutral, but nothing earth shattering here.
I love this one. In fact, my first switch from using BOGART POUR HOMME for almost 5 years straight. It's my first day at work after wearing the 1 million - just a spray on the pulse points and then a spray on the chest. The receptionist immediately asked what's the smell as the 1 million is not so easily sold in my country as it's expensive and no sample bottles are sold in this part of the world. 

It feels like sitting in the middle of a vanilla garden all day just by wearing it. One spray is mild. The HEAD aroma is very intense. The HEART leaves a vanilla aroma. The TAIL? Yet to get to that part. My wife should be able to tell the difference. And I'm sure if it is good, I get lucky ;-) !
Yes it might be over used, yes it smells young, yes I might be too old to wear it, BUT what's the bottom line?  It smells good. Sure it smells like bubble gum with some cinnamon sprinkled on top and a touch of sugar. I like and so does my wife. Do I wear it everyday?  Uh no, however to mix things up from time to time I do grab this and don't think twice about it. 
I have used a lot of perfumes ,all top notch.This is something I really love to wear anywhere because you know that you are noticed.Bubblegums,candies etc .are the main notes.Drydown is like a leather jacket.This is complimented.A lot of people might say it's quite ladies but seriously speaking its awesome.You get 1 million compliments.Love this one.Got a lot of them and the compliments continue......................................
Smells very nice, youthful definitely. On me this doesn't last and project as much as the hype would have you believe, but it's a very pleasant and enjoyable fragrance. 
Great sweet but mature scent. Ideal for the night. The only bad thing is that is way to popular and it lacks exclusivity.
Everyone has it. In every club you can smell it. It has already been ripped off. But it smells great! It's actually wonderful. I dont care about others using it, i just find it gorgeous. A must have. Thumbs up.

A synthetic fall and winter gourmand fragrance that manages to stand out from the crowd with a tiramisu twist. Not groundbreaking or mindblowing by any means, but it has decent performance and nets great compliments. People love this one. It is pretty synthetic, and the opening is a nauseating alcohol blast typical of cheapie synthetic frags, but it evaporates after about 5 minutes and the nutty sweetness begins to take over. If you can find it for cheap it's not a bad pickup. 
Oh boy, how come still not hyped? Is it fabulous? No. Unique? No. Solid good? Yes. Surprised that some of those youtubers (no need to name them) didn't review it.

Tiramisu + boozy sweet. Creamy and somewhat powdery. Not my game, but I like it and would wear it regardless. For autumn and winter only as it is too heavy.

Aggresively strong and sweet. Shares the style with many fragrances, but has its own particular character. Namely those frags wouls be: CK Obsession For Men, Chanel Allure Homme, Guerlain Ideal, Boss The Scent/Scent Intense, Armani Code Profumo etc.

Not for everybody this one. Not for the kids because it has a dose of maturity. Not for the older men because at the same time it has a dose of something flippant, frivolous maybe. For 35+ crowd who have their own vision of life, not caring for other people's opinion. 


Originality 6/10
Scent 8/10
Longevity 9/10
Projection 9/10
_____________________
80%
[Wow...I recently noticed that SF Uomo's bottle looks almost EXACTLY like the one for Lalique's L'Insoumis EdT...coincidence or ???]

Salvatore Ferragamo's Uomo strikes me as copycat and unique all at the same time: A mix of woods, spices, tangy citrus, and sweet gourmand notes that seem quite common a formula nowadays (one recent similar  outing is Armani's Stronger With You; another albeit not quite as similar is Yves Saint Laurent's Y pour Homme); yet Uomo exudes its friendly casual masculine character in a special enough way that is not pedestrian. 

The presence of tonka in Uomo understandably draws comparison to the A*Men Pure Tonka scent, which I have grown to appreciate.  Yet Uomo has so much more going on, and the tonka is a strong supporting part rather than the dominant, bottom-line note in this fragrance.  

Personally, I have found that Uomo fits my fast-paced restaurant work environment and appears to be appreciated by my fellow co-workers. It is a balanced potion that lives up to its press release: 

“A sense of elegance and beauty. All the optimism and joy of a real smile. The ability to be modern, yet also timeless; to seize the day. All of this is part of the story of Uomo Salvatore Ferragamo, the new fragrance for men. A potion of pure Italian style.”

Definitely worth a sample spritz and consideration as a part of ones daily wardrobe.
Sweet, Tiramasu... Woody and a nice alternative to all other winter offerings.
Very pleasant smelling, perfect for casual wearing, as it isn't a beast in the longevity or the projection. 
So if you like the very sweet then give this a blast. Very warm and pleasant. 

i have totally changed my view on this. Smells amazing and sexy and cozy. good sillage and longevity.I get the baked caramel smell and its just really comforting and pleasant.I find it gourmand and rich smelling.
I really enjoy wearing this..although it is dominated by a sugary coffee note it is excellently blended with orange blossom and the ambroxin. It never gets too sickly either, When it first goes on it feels unisex but once the dry down starts it gets more masculine and you'd swear there was a touch of iris in the 4hr mark. It gets lots of positive attention from the females, which surely is the main reason we wear scents. I do think ferragamo have hit the mainstream jackpot with this, usually this sort of blend is reserved for the niche fragrances although the syntheticness gives that away.
As i waited seating in a restaurant for the waitress bring me the menu, some of the other clients were having their desserts already serving, and all of a sudden my nose catches a sweet-and-smoky note that makes me wonder wich of those cakes or creamy delights smells like that! Few seconds later I realize it's just Uomo wich I sprayed onto myself about an hour ago.

 It shares some notes with PR 1M and Valentino Uomo Intense, where this one settles just right in the middle of a full-retail mainstream EDT and a fashion house gourmand scent. While some may say it's too sweet, I like this approach of a young men fragance wich will make ladies keep close to their skin just to have some more of that sugar delight.

Longevity? First 3-4 hours like a blast from the kitchen, then it dries down to a more subtle scent that's still recognizable for the heart notes of it's gourmand blend. Totally recommendable if you're ok with not the typical "fresh and clean" men fragance and want to get a bit further with those dessert-lover ladies ;)
Salvatore Ferragamo Uomo is definitely one of the more hyped designer men's releases of 2016,an for good reason---the purported tiramisu note and the amount of coverage it's received each merit some attention from gourmand lovers like myself.

That said, Uomo is still pretty impressive, all things considered.  Many seem to classify it as cloyingly sweet, but I regard it more as a sweet blend with more traditional aromatic masculine elements.  The tiramisu is front-and-center but doesn't dominate the fragrance nonetheless.  The sweetness is paired with sharper elements to start and in the dry down the experience becomes smoother, more relaxing.  It's slightly spicier at the opening due to the cardamom and black pepper, which give way after about an hour to the tiramisu and eventually to woods and tonka in the dry down.  I admit I don't get much bergamot or orange blossom at all--not really any citrus or floral contributions at all to this.  It's mainly a sweet and woody composition to my nose, which is fine by me.

On performance, it's above average for an EDT, projecting significantly from the onset and having good longevity, as lingers just beyond the skin for 6 hours or more overall.

As expected, Uomo ought to work better for colder weather, and its projection is significant enough at the start to cut through colder temperatures, but it's modest enough to work on warm weather evenings, as well, as an alternative to a heavier-hitting option that might prove a little cloying in the summer, even at night.

I imagine this would be better for men but women could surely still wear it, as there's nothing especially masculine about it in the traditional sense, except perhaps for the spices at the opening.  But in the dry down especially, it's just a sweet/woody blend that could work for any gender or age.

On price, it's not terrible from a retail standpoint ($90 for 100ml) but on FragranceX, at only $55 for 100ml, it's a great value., so this is definitely one I'll need to consider buying while it's this cheap to start.

8 out of 10
Salvatore Ferragamo Uomo has a simply beautiful opening.  The dry down is not as satisfying, but still very good.  While I wouldn't recommend a blind buy, I think most fragrance aficionados will find SF Uomo a worthwhile addition to their collections.

Smell 8.5/10
Projection 9/10
Longevity 9/10



Very interesting in a good way.
This morning i sprayed this on and walk out of the room. The spice was prominent on opening but quickly transitioned to this tiramisu note (more to me like the coffee liqueur you would find in a tiramisu) and i would definitely put this in gourmand territory.
Shortly after, i walked in to the room where i had sprayed this and could still pick up the bright ope i g in the air. On my skin it had settled down to a lovely sweetness. 
Seven hours later, this is basically a skin scent now and the predominant thing i pick up is a faint lipstick iris reminiscent of Dior homme.
Just a lovely scent.

A sweet boozy cherry tobacco scent with roasted almond/tonka and some woods.

I was pleasantly surprised by this one.
this starts off with a huge dark sweet cherry note which tones down quickly within 5 minutes. i then get some boozy cherry tobacco along with slightly roasted almonds. at this stage it reminds me just a little bit of some of the notes in tobacco vanille. i dont get the rose and jasmin.

After that it gradually gets more woody (cedarwood), more balsamic and less sweet/almondy over the course of 3 hours. by the 4 hour mark the scent is woody with some tonka and vanilla, some remains of the cherry note and just a hint of those spices. lasts 6 plus hours and has moderate projection its not weak at all by any means.
also, its totally unisex.
Overall score 8.2/10
I am obsessed with this fragrance. I received it for Christmas and have already purchased a backup for myself, and if it’s confirmed that this is in fact a limited edition I’ll be saving up to purchase a few more... I’ve honestly never smelled anything like this that moved me (or the money in my wallet) so strongly. 

The scent is divinely delicious on me. Sweet cherry syrup that lasts for hours before the woody tonka drydown. I get a hint of almonds but they’re toasted and glazed in the cherry sauce, which I would equate more to a sticky syrup than a boozy liquor, but I don’t drink so maybe I’m just ignorant to how that would smell. Regardless this juice is intoxicating and the entire time it’s on my skin I’m in love with how I smell.

The sillage is actually quite impressive but Tom Ford fragrances are always way ahead of the game in performance versus other designer fragrance lines for me. This is no exception and I’m actually shocked to hear that so many people had issues with this scent not lasting long enough or projecting, I’d say this scent almost knocks me out at times it’s just as strong as some of his other scents (I must stress again, on my skin). I never spray this on clothes, only on my skin, so I’m not sure if that would improve anything, because I don’t need to. There’s nothing about this fragrance I would change, except the price. 

I highly recommend testing for yourself but I wouldn’t suggest a blind buy even if you’re obsessed with Tom Ford fragrances like me because it’s an awful lot of money to be out of if you’re expectations aren’t met. Mine were exceeded and considering all the negative buzz this scent generated, I was pleasantly surprised. 
smells like Amaretto, a bit boozy and sweet, I like Liqueur of cherries, but as a scent, it appears a bit strange.

Performance is very good, but it is more suitable for Cold weather and for outside activities.


The release of Tom Ford Lost Cherry was almost as well-publicized, and seemingly highly anticipated, as that of Fucking Fabulous in late 2017.  In the case of Lost Cherry, the "limited edition" label used in FF was no longer a new feature, and since FF eventually became a mainstay, there was little reason to believe it, but lo and behold, Lost Cherry is only available in 50ml bottles (at the same price of FF, OWI, TOI, and NPF) at $320 for 50ml.

The scent, though, is quite great, and frankly it's at least intuitive in that cherry liqueur is a central note.  When combined with tonka and almond, it takes on a sharp, boozy feel, and with peru balsm, rose, and woods, it's creamy and comforting in the dry down.  It's really mostly gourmand without being utterly, completely gourmand.

Almond and tonka are fun additives, especially in concert with one another, like they were in FF.  Almost natural bedfollows, their sweet-yet-creamy-but-sort-of-powdery tartness makes for a fun counterpoint to the cherry liqueur, held by the glue of the balsam and woods, and ever so slightly hint of rose, barely detectable.

It's important to note that Lost Cherry's cherry is relatively short-lived, the cherry being front-and-center for only an hour or two and being wholly in the background after 6 hours.  The fragrance itself lasts somewhat more, not a beast by any means but not as horrible on my skin as some seem to purport it on theirs.

Performance seems to be the main gripe of the fragrance, particularly considering its high pricing, on the higher tier of Tom Ford Private Blend, and it being limited to only 50ml bottle as opposed to flacons that would allow for splits, or even 100ml bottles also, which would be better priced by volume than the 50ml bottles.

Considering performance and pricing issues, the Dua Fragrances alternative of Popped Cherry is particularly appealing in terms of slightly better performance, greater use of cherry, and lower cost, of course, at $65 for 30ml, always discounted further.  I find that both Popped Cherry and Lost Cherry have interesting nuances, the former more cherry-intensive and the latter more generally gourmand, particularly in the dry down.

I find Lost Cherry to be a great release, as much as the gimmick of the limited edition, particularly without the availability of flacons (at least for now...a new trick), does start to get bit old, and will undoubtedly test many TF fans, especially with other cherry fragrances out there like Dua's as well as another fresh/sweet/tart realistic cherry fragrance, Hilde Soliani Una Tira L'Altra, which is available on Luckyscent for only $160 for 100ml.

Still, I credit the release for drumming up some interest in cherry as a particular note and gourmands as a general category of fragrances. Presumably more clones that Dua's will follow.

8 out of 10
I just tested it at the airport. The opening is much of a candy-like, syrupy cherry, with the bitter almond playing a big part in this. It softens to a powdery tonka with amber-like balsam. Unfortunately, this original gourmand and regressive dries down to a cherry blossom that stays way too close to the skin. 
Lost Cherry really surprised me. I smelled it over the weekend and was captivated. I sprayed once on my wrist, and kept going back to it the rest of the evening...I went back to Saks the next day and bought a full bottle. It's insanely expensive, but a holiday splurge never hurt anyone, right?

Cherry opens this one in a big way. One of the most realistic notes I've ever smelled in a fragrance, it literally smells like you just opened a jar of high end luxardo cherries. After a few minutes that initial cherry burst goes away and leads to a beautiful almond/cherry/tonka fragrance that leads the rest of the way. 

Projection and sillage are both average, longevity has been good for me so far (8+ hours), and I am OK with that. I don't love fragrances that are loud and screamy with projection, and this is a fragrance that leaves a decent sillage trail and can be discovered if someone is close enough. I was really surprised to love this one so much, but on scent alone this has immediately become one of my favorites, and will be a beautiful cold weather/holiday staple of mine. 

Tried sample of Eau de Toilette in small set; nice longevity and hints of wonderful scents and notes that don't QUITE reach fruition.  Definitely going to try as EDP.
Until today I have never owned Shalimar, the pillar perfume. I've tried it, hundreds of times, always the EDP and decided it wasn't for me. I own Parfum Initial, L'Eau, Eau de Shalimar, Batwing Shalimar Cologne and the 2015 version Cologne. My favourite is Cologne 2015 and I ordered what I thought might be a replacement bottle that was headed EDT/Cologne. Yes, I thought, that's it, Shalimar Cologne 2015 at EDT strength. It was the EDT that arrived. I had factored that in as an eventuality and I sprayed it on, layered with a bit of the Batwing bottle Eau de Cologne (made for the U.S. market in the U.S.A) and it's very nice, I will use it, but I love the Cologne 2015 as it is closest to Shalimar Eau Legere (DISC) Are we all sufficiently confused now? I haven't even mentioned the Madagascar or the Mexique. There is no escape from Shalimar.
Shalimar is the crown jewel in the Guerlain catalog, the scent that came to define the house and it's use of the "Guerlinade" compound note which found its way into almost all of perfumer Jacques Guerlain's compositions, plus a great many of Jean-Paul Guerlain's as well. Shalimar was named after a garden in Lahore made for Mumtaz Mahal, the same woman for whom the Taj Mahal was also built. The creation of Shalimar was near-accidental too, as perfumer Jacques Guerlain discovered its primary accord by pouring a bottle of ethylvanillin into a bottle of Jicky (1889), the seminal fougère that was originally composed by his uncle Aimé Guerlain, building a fragrance upon another fragrance as Jacques Guerlain was known to do. Therefore like Jicky, Shalimar is technically a fougère as well, since it is built up from that fragrance's structure, but it contains a great many more oriental elements to it, and is thus often associated with the oriental category. If Jicky was the unintentional gender bender progenitor that was loved by a great many men alongside women, and Mouchoir de Monsieur (1904) the masculine-targeted shade thereof, then Shalimar is the rounder and more-luxurious advancement of that primary accord pitched to women during the roaring 20's. The scent was originally released in 1921 alongside Chanel No. 5 (1921), and proved to be the strongest competition that iconic perfume had, but went under a numerical designation just as the Chanel did until 1925, because the name "Shalimar" was being contested by another perfumer who claimed to have already used it. When known as "No. 90", the perfume made waves, but it wasn't until it's widespread 1925 release as Shalimar that the legend was born. The overall smell of Shalimar isn't much removed from Jicky, and indeed many of the great oriental and fougère-like compositions made under the hands of Jacques Guerlain share similar traits, not only because of his "fragrance upon another fragrance" crafting or the "Guerlinade" house accord he perfected, but also because it's the style he seemingly preferred. L'Heure Blue (1912), Mitsouko (1919), and Shalimar all have multiple levels of this intertextuality with each other and previous Guerlain efforts from which Jacques drew his inspiration; that was just part of of his unique creative process.

What makes Shalimar stand out from all it's siblings is its plushness, its fullness, the radiance of its notes, which can be a bit much to take for some people. The scent opens with lavender, bergamot, and mandarin, but switches out Jicky's rosewood for aldehydes and herbal rosemary, which makes for the resplendence of Shalimar's opening. This change doesn't make as much difference to the overall character of the perfume as the addition of an actual heart structure to Shalimar, which Jicky sorely lacked. That scent moves from its barbershop opening into a hellish moat of animalic and heady base notes, with only a floral heart inferred by the flip-flop transition between top to bottom. Jacques Guerlain likely wasn't happy with the "presto-chango" suddenness of uncle Aimé's composition, because instead, we go down to the base notes in stages with Shalimar, more like a traditional perfume. Jasmine, rose, patchouli, and vetiver stand vividly in the heart of Shalimar more than they did in the trap door dry down of Jicky, and are joined by a poofy iris note which also replaces the orris of Jicky and helps Shalimar feel a bit more feminine, which was the aim anyway. The tell-tale vanilla note anchoring the accidental discovery that is this perfume's primary accord shows up halfway, bringing in the rest of the Jicky base with new additions of opoponax and peru basalm. Shalimar tries to be a little more polite with its use of animalics, taking musk in place of styrax, and toning down the civet and ambergris just a touch so the other heart notes of tonka, leather, sandalwood, and oakmoss can be felt. I don't get the cinnamon spice or incense notes of Jicky in Shalimar either, and the blending is much smoother, making any note separation a real reach (translation, lots of sniffing to find), which is another master stroke of Jacques himself. Taken on its own merit without comparing it to compositions with which it shares most of its notes, Shalimar is an unusual vanillic oriental fougère-like fragrance that sat right with women in the early 20th century, particularly flappers that liked it's dynamism made possible by rich semi-indolic underpinnings, lady-like aldehydic florals, and oriental smoothness. Wear time varies greatly on concentration, as Shalimar was made in many forms, but a median figure across all iterations is a solid 8 hours of moderate sillage. Something this illustrious isn't a casual wear, regardless of context, so make sure you don't glow like a diesel hot plug by your choice of Shalimar on a casual game night. 

All told, Shalimar is still mostly retained by women as the matriarch of grand perfumes, with only the aforementioned Chanel No. 5 to really contest this claim, but guys can totally wear Shalimar too, as the primary accord is rather unisex, but with a slightly heavier dose of "Guerlinade" than usual pushing the smell to be uncomfortably makeup-like if you're a jock type. Still, dandies in France famously have worn Shalimar for years, and if Jicky didn't scare you, I doubt this will either. The reason for the stigma against men wearing Shalimar, like most things in the fragrance world, comes down to marketing. Guerlain had mostly given up on pitching Jicky to women even after making Mouchoir de Monsieur as a manlier substitute, but they stuck to their guns with Shalimar, keeping it in the company of Mitsouko and L'Heure Bleu as sort of the "big 3" feminines from the house, creating something of a marketing barrier. Then Jean-Paul Guerlain went off and made the chypre Habit Rouge (1965) with grandfather Jacques' "Guerlinade" in the mix, perhaps moving male interest further away from Shalimar in the process, but that hasn't stopped perfume hobbyists or open-minded guys with a bit of gender fluidity from enjoying it. Bottom line here is if you like old floral barbershop smells, vanillic orientals, and anything with a clean, plush, soapy smell up top, but a substantially musky animalic backbone, you'd enjoy Shalimar regardless of what is between your legs. Since this perfume has inspired so many others high and low, you've likely already bought something descended from it anyway and didn't know. Parfum extrait and eau de parfum are going to be the heaviest take with the most complex dry downs. More vanilla, oakmoss, sandalwood, and musk is present to my nose in the extrait, and the top fades fastest. I find folks enjoying the animalic qualities of Shalimar best suited to the eau de toilette, which seems to let the floral heart and civet in the base breath more freely, at the cost of some development. The folks who want the fougère elements to ring truest are better off with the eau de cologne, since it showcases the lavender and bergamot strongest, then crisply segues through the floral heart and lays upon a drier version of the base that sees the vanilla, civet, and leather turned down in favor of the tonka, oakmoss, and ambergris. Regardless of which version you get, they're all thumbs up from me. Shalimar is a pièce de résistance solidifying Guerlain as one of the greatest perfume houses of all time, and you know I rarely speak in such lofty terms.
I think of Shalimar as the more elegant and refined version of Jicky.

It is a signature worthy fragrance that can easily be worn by men. Get it while it’s still readily available. 

Only caveat, it takes time to understand and appreciate Shalimar, vintage Shalimar makes this process easier.
Shalimar is one of the most famous perfumes of French house Guerlain and one of my all time favorites. If you want to be clinical about it, the perfume was created in 1925 by Jacques Guerlain, in time when the “scent of Orient” began spreading through Western Europe. It touched everything, from fashion, art, music…to perfumes. Jacques Guerlain was experimenting with a brand new substance, synthetic vanilla (etylvanilin) and mixed it with different perfume basis. He was happy with the results but when he mixed vanilla and Jicky…magic happened. The spirit of Shalimar was freed from the bottle.

Perfume and its name haven’t stopped intriguing our senses and imagination; its effect breaks social taboos. Respectable ladies of the time shouldn’t consummate cigarettes, dance tango… and wear Shalimar. They of course did all that in secrecy. There isn’t a force strong enough to stop the passion and erotic yearning for life embodied in Shalimar, whose name in Sanskrit means “temple of love.” Legendary garden where Emperor Shah Jahan and Mumtaz Mahal celebrated their love. After Mumtaz’s death, inconsolable emperor built Taj Mahal in honor of his favorite wife. Like Taj Mahal, Shalimar is a monument and part of perfume history. It is the first oriental perfume history knows. But that is not the most important thing…because the story of Shalimar has no beginning or end. It is a story of the essence of human desire, the sweet moments of bliss unknown to history but older than time.

It could have been created in ancient Egypt where its lush, intoxicating nature would spark forbidden love between Cleopatra and Marc Antony. Homeland of Shalimar could have been mysterious and magical Arabia because it told more than 1001 tales. I can easily imagine Madame Pompadour wearing it and knocking the entire Louis XV’s court of their feet with her beauty, charm and seductive silage. I can even see, with my inner vision, a beautiful creature inhabiting Earth thousands of years from now, smelling like Shalimar and through synthetic explosion in its highly developed brain soaking freely all the beauty of being on this planet and tasting its sensual fruits skillfully captured in a small bottle of perfume. As poet John Keats said: “A thing of beauty is a joy for ever, Its loveliness increases, it will never pass into nothingness.” If that is the case, isn’t it beautiful?
Think Mae West and Sophia Loren and Rita Hayworth all rolled into one. Pure and utterly rich plushness and rounded, generous bosoms and a warm, talcum-ed girdle. The grande dame of all perfume-land and one of the few scents that I love, but cannot wear. She is truly beautiful and utterly seductive...so much so that I feel as if I am wearing a satin negligee and pink feather boa whenever I put her on. She is more of a woman than I ever could be and almost too hot to handle, so I smell her from a distance and enjoy her all the more that way. 

The scent for which the term va-va-voom was invented.
One of the greatest scents in modern history.  I've always owned this and always shall.  My nose memory cannot tell the difference between vintage and modern.  Nor, does it care.  Not a scent for the timid.  Deep, rich, velvety, and assertive...
I’m so glad I have this beauty in my stable finally!  I’ve flirted with Shalimar for a long time, and really wanted to get it, and then by some major luck I was able to pick up a nice big bottle for an astonishingly good price, so I went for it.  But really, what more can I say about this that hasn’t been said before?  It’s a beautiful scent and I can understand why so many people love it.  The sillage and longevity of this is amazing – I could still smell this after eight hours, and it’s one of those scents that seems to bloom if you get a bit warm.  This is one of the few perfumes I have that has elicited an unprompted “oh, you smell nice!” from my husband.  Normally I have to shove my arm under his nose and ask him to smell it before I’ll get a comment.  Reading through the reviews, I’m amazed at how this perfume reacts with different people – some get leather, some get incense, some get spice, some get lemon.  Each time I wear this, it is different.  The first time I wore it, it was all soft powder with a touch of citrus.  The next time, I got a big burst of citrus at the start, with a hint of leather, before it mellowed into a beautiful, soft, creamy powdery vanilla.  The time after that, it was all powder and cream and vanilla, straight away.  Shalimar smells sexy and very, very classy but at the same time, there is also something very comforting and approachable about it.  It’s like you’re at a fancy party, and you see a stunningly beautiful, beautifully dressed, elegant woman – at first glance, she appears aloof, and you’re not sure if you should approach her.  So you stay away, and instead she approaches you and flings her arms around you and greets you like a long-lost friend, and she’s so warm and friendly and welcoming that you wonder why you stayed away.  I love it.  
Top notes attractive notes with the freshness of the citrus flavor (especially the notes of Bergamot). The colors from the floral notes give the overall scent of perfume a special, full of smooth continuous drainage with the presence of iris, jasmine and roses. Creamy soft vanilla seductive, combined with the scent of iris hard to resist, all around flavor and aroma of a food pharmaceutical warm tonka bean, all blended into a unified whole top from which no language can describe.

Queen of the oriental flavor, fragrance Shalimar is a feminine, attractive and timeless for perfume. Perfume scent sexy and smooth screen with sweet vanilla flavor warm embrace of incense and amber. Elegance and persistence, the seductive appeal of Shalimar contained.

Timeless oriental fragrance full of charm and mystery for the girls. Beautiful bottle design and meaningful. Exotic fluidity is also the strength of fragrance. 
This 1950s Shalimar Eau de Cologne is a nice, sweet vanilla and tonka perfume, stronger than my 1980s Habit Rouge Eau de Cologne, but bearing a strong resemblance.
Sharp bergamot and powder on the opening, a little soapy. Rose and jasmine full in your face, drying beautifully through amber and creamy sandalwood. Tonka, opopanax and leather underneath.
The first 20 minutes are gorgeous - I have my nose to my wrist every 60 seconds so as to not miss a turn in the development.
Although the opopanax powder is quite heady at first - I found it be an acquired taste, actually - it is soon balanced by the incense spice. Later, it settles down into that lovely soft, warm vanilla and tonka base, kept from becoming too sweet by a little leather to dry it.

Definitely a grown-up fragrance with the option of sharing - would love to smell it on a musky male, interesting with a touch deep in a beard, I think.
One of my top 5 favourite feminine fragrances and the first I ever bought blind...
What can I say about Shalimar?  I think it is a milestone of perfumery.  A classic.  I am a Guerlain addict and I love the big 3 (L'Heure Bleue, Mitsouko and Shalimar).  I always have an EDP working of those three.  I love Shalimar but was first not going to wear it because I associated it with both my mother and sister who wore it.  I thought it would be too much for me but it is wonderful.  This dark, sweet and smoky scent is wonderful on me and can definitely be worn by a man.  3 sprays will do it;  one on the chest and one in each crook of the elbow is enough.  Best to apply about an hour before leaving the house as the opening is quite strong and can be alarming with the high dose of bergamot.  
The beauty of Shalimar for me is the development of all the notes that come together in the final drydown.  
I think that the citrus blast of bergamot with a bit of cedar in the opening leads beautifully into the heart of jasmine, iris and a deep rose scent that is unbelievably rich.  The creme brulee vanilla drydown is stunningly displayed on skin for the remainder of the day and I love it at the end of the day when I take my T shirt off and can still smell the Guerlinade and perhaps a bit of civet to make it interesting and personal.  
The use of oppoponax and tonka bean are pure genius and make the base absolutely unforgettable.
Everyone must try this just to sample a bit of the brilliance of Guerlain.
This seems like a refined sweeter version of the civet heavy Jicky which is my number one favorite scent of all time.
A lemony, powder-sugared confection.  That is how the gourmand quality hits me.  Like those little lemon cookies at Easter time covered in powdered sugar.  So yeah, this is very powdery.  My mom always wore the very powdery Chantilly and this is also very powdery in a similar way.  If you associate powdery perfumes with mothers and grandmas, then this will be one of those.  

The dry down is where Shalimar really wins me over.  It settles into a warmer, more vanilla scent (yet still powdery).  I can't get enough of it then. At this point, it doesn't project as much, making it more of a personal indulgence of nostalgia.  Not one you're going to wear out to blast the party and club scene with.
My family is mostly show people and jazz musicians, and when I was little there were often colorful characters hanging around, HOW colorful I didn't find out until later.

One of them was an older English lady named Mae, who had a white poodle. Apparently she was the madam in a high-end brothel. Sometimes we'd go to Mae's apartment, which had the most extraordinary smell of years and years of Shalimar permeating every surface + unwashed dog. That was my first Guerlain experience. (The second was a Pekingese that smelled of Mitsouko. True - not trying to be funny.)

So it took a very long time before I could really consider Shalimar on its own merits, and even then, its skanky facet was off-putting to me, because I kept smelling unwashed dog! In retrospect, Mae's poodle may not have been that dirty, and it might have just been her vintage Shalimar. I really never thought I'd become a Shalimar person, even though I have lots of history with the other vintage Guerlain greats.

The Ode a la Vanille (Mexique) ended up being my gateway drug, because the vanilla in that version is so smoky and dense and wonderful that I could stick with it, and now I've learned to love even the skank of Shalimar proper. 

I do continue to prefer that limited edition, yet I've come to own and love the EDC, as well, because that version also features a very smoky vanilla, and ends up wearing as mostly that. Plus it's often available inexpensively in the drugstore! Coming around to Shalimar has actually had a fantastic effect on my perfume spending habits, for while I  still find new things that I like, when I ask myself, "but would you be likely to NOT wear Shalimar to wear this instead?" it's just a no.


Salutation.

I absolutely love this fragrance and definitely it is in my top 10 of all great fragrances for ladies.It is a classically timeless rich floral fragrance.A sensual and provocative fragrance that oozes femininity. Masterpiece,Seductive,Warm,Magnetic, Artistic,Rich and Feminine

The opening is classic floral with a citrusy note,which harmonizes with the note of Rose,Jasmine and Patchouli.A base of Incense, Vanilla,Sandalwood and Leather brings an air of Sensuality as it is warm and full of depth. The dry down is wonderful.

You wear it when you are going somewhere very SPECIAL and you want to make a Great impression.This fragrance might be best for AUTUMN/WINTER seasons.excellent for perfect lady. Anyway in my mind it is an intoxicating bosom smell,it is just phenomenal and a definite must have.

Sillage?Fantastic. 

Longevity?Great on my skin. 

THANK YOU GUERLAIN 

8.5/10
This is an intriguing opening indeed, a surprisingly dark bergamot with rose and - on my skin - an early opopanax burst - denoting shadowy freshness with incense. The floral drydown with iris, jasmine and a whiff of a gently smoky leather.  
In the second half the very guerlainesque vanilla grown stronger, full but elegant and never overbearing. 

This is fairly unique composition, beautifully balanced, well blended and firmly structured.  Classic, especially older version,whose drydown have a gentle powderiness added and are richer and darker.  Yet the newer versions - they are no full reformulations to me - are less powdery and lighter, but still delightful. 

I get strong sillage, excellent projection and eight hours of longevity. 

A grand classic and well worth it, even the recent versions: 4.25/5.
I quite like this. However if I have to speak my mind free from the pressure of knowing that it is sort of a perfume legend and all, I would rate this as one of the old perfumes. It's nice but could be better, or, it smells somewhat dated to my nose and I wouldn't want to wear this too often. My aunt used to wear this, this alone, -who owned only this.-25 years ago also didn't help me too much shake the perception of Shalima being OLD. 

If I am over 55, I wouldn't want to use it since I am sure this scent will add more age. I think anybody who is still  young can try this one without feeling too self-conscious. She will stand out smelling gorgeous and above all, special. 
It is just my personal opinion, but I believe that scents can make the wearer seem aged/dated since the famous and old perfumes have popular smell of the era which everybody can associate with those period.It seems especially true those era are closely put together. Whenever I smell of Estee Lauder Beautiful, the wearer is almost always over 35. Really powdery one like Chanel No.5 or Soapy one like White linen is frequently worn by 50+ yo ladies. Anybody sticking to wearing Thierry Mugler's Angel can be seen 30+. The more broadly popular the scents were, the worse the effect, I reckon since mass of people recognize them. but, less known scents that were created a century ago, still can smell very fresh due to rarity.
I began wearing Shalimar after spending a lot of time around one of my friends who wore it every day.   I thought she was so feminine and classy, and that's the way it makes me feel.   I believe it is the vanilla and opoponax that got me addicted to it.  I'm so glad that my husband also LOVES this perfume.  To me, it is as classic as Chanel No. 5, which I'm actually not that fond of.  
I'm going to assume the notes on this site are quite incomplete because I don't see anise, black pepper, or cinnamon listed and all three have a presence in this fragrance.  The top is bergamot with pepper and anise, a bit too spicy for my taste but very well-blended leading straight into the heart of it which is slightly flowery, slightly powdery, slightly spicy and slightly creamy.  This middle lasts quite a while and there's a hint of incense, smokiness, and leather throughout but as with any well-blended Guerlain you'll only catch some of these facets some of the time throughout the day.  This is so well-done that I can't get enough of that scent despite the fact that I find it too spicy for me.  The incense gets a bit stronger as the middle drags slowly along but it never really dominates on me.  Coming to the end phase of the fragrance, many hours later, a touch of dryness or leatheriness remains but there's a lot of creaminess and a touch of spiciness acting as dominant notes.  It almost smells like warm milk with a bit of cinnamon and just a touch of vanilla.  I would eat something that smells like this.  The Guerlinade is most certainly there too.  Overall I love the smell of it and though a man could get away with wearing it in extreme moderation I don't think i'll be wearing it often just because of how uncomfortable I am smelling anise or pepper all day.  It's no wonder this great fragrance is a classic of perfumery!
Old formulation: My mother had a sample in the late 80s/early 90s, and I remember loving it, the opulent spicy fragrance which I associated to winter and warm coats.

New formulation: I recently tested it at a department store. It does smell quite differently, still with the same inspiration, but the new version is a worthy fragrance in its own way. If I could, I would own both formulations.

The new formulation started with a combination that reminded me of the older Shalimar, spicy, warm, almost oily (in a good way), only not as round. Maybe a bit more angular and less oily. 

As it dries, it becomes very different from the older one. The woods and sandal came to the front and in my opinion created a sour phase which previously did not exist. I quite appreciate this phase. Then amber and incense too, it becomes a little less sour and rounder, but still quite different from the older Shalimar, woodier, airier and not as oily. After a while the sour disappears and it is woods, amber, incense and a few spices in a rounded, warm, more "behaved" version of the older one.

Still a dense perfume, but different. As I said, I actually like both.
I own the EDC from Walmart.  When i first sprayed it on, i smell a plastic shower curtain smell.  This changed over time to a strong powdery orange creamcicle smell mixed with vanilla and maybe some sweaty keys out of someones sweaty pocket?!  
   Gotta try it again later.

K, tried it again and now.....I really like it...no plastic shower curtain or sweaty pocket scent at all.  Strange how ones nose picks up different things each time.  One thing i did differently this time was shake the bottle a little before applying....don't know if that mattered or not?  This time i pick up more citrusy smells....which i adore by the way, but is that bergamot in the mix making it smell kind of like an orangy lemon?  Oh, and vanilla, which i like, but i really, really would like to be able to pick out the leather note...which right now i am having allot of trouble doing...i would wear something with mainly just that note if i could just smell it.  So far, love it tho...powdery lemony orange vanilla...thats what i pick out. 
Genre: Oriental

I don’t have much to add to the discussion where this classic is concerned. All I care to do is draw attention to the brilliant treatment of opopanax. Much has been said regarding the unique quality of Guerlain’s vanilla, displayed most prominently in Shalimar and Jicky, but for me the enigmatic, spicy-sweet, resinous quality of opopanax is equally responsible for Shalimar’s allure. The interplay of vanilla and opopanax established in Shalimar’s base notes still resonates in compositions as recent as Diptyque’s Eau Lente and Nicolaï’s Maharadjah, but I have yet to experience an interpretation that trumps the original’s exquisite balance. I wonder if it’s even possible to fully comprehend the oriental fragrance genre without becoming familiar with Guerlain’s enduring paragon.


Ah, the ur-Oriental. Sitting down to write a review of Shalimar kind of feels like looking up at the top of Mount Everest and wondering how the hell even to begin the ascent. It seems to cover (in one single bottle) a lot of the themes and notes people go looking for in separate perfumes - you want vanilla, it's the textbook example, you want smoke and incense, well you got that too, you want amber, it is the mother of all modern ambers, you want animalics and leather, ditto. If you also happen to be the type of person who is interested in freaky notes, like baby diaper, burning tires, tar, and slightly rancid butter, then, why yes, Shalimar also has you covered.

It's not an easy perfume to love right off the bat. Don't get me wrong, Shalimar is easy to love, but the actual falling in love bit is not immediate. It took me ten days of wearing it before I could even tolerate it, let alone love it, but I got there and in end, it clicked for me, and that was it. Pure love. The everlasting kind. Whenever I see someone saying, oh I just don't get Shalimar, or oh Shalimar hates my skin, you know what I am thinking? You're just not trying hard enough. Put your back into it. If you can't commit a week or ten days out of your life to understanding Shalimar, then not only are you cheating yourself out of experiencing one of the best perfumes ever made, you are also missing the opportunity to "get" most orientals that came after Shalimar. 

For, once you unlock Shalimar, you start to see that Serge Lutens' Ambre Sultan is just a snapshot of a portion of Shalimar (principally the amber and herbes de provence) blown up 150% and turned sideways. Etro's Shaal Nur is an abbreviated essay on the incense and opoponax in Shalimar. Mono di Orio's excellent Vanille is a modern take on the woodsy vanilla of Shalimar. You can spot echoes of Shalimar in Chypre Palatin (vanilla and animalics), Fate Woman (bergamot and powder) and Bulgari Black (vanilla, rubber, smoke). Whether perfumers are aware of it or not, most of today's grand orientals refer at least in part back to the ur-Mother Oriental herself.

Forgive my wittering on. For all of that, Shalimar smells absolutely wonderful, grand, lush, smoky, sexy, comforting, and warm. The opening, as I've mentioned, is jarring to the nth degree, especially if you're not used to it. I don't know whether it's the particularly stinky grade of Bergamot that Guerlain use, or the way it clashes with the vanilla, but the top notes smell curdled and rancid, like when you pour lemonade into cream. The vanilla itself smells tarry and burned, like rubber tires piled high and set on fire. Somehow, somewhere underneath all of that, there appears a slightly horrifying note of soiled diapers, or at least baby powder that has been caked into the creases of a baby's bottom. It smells sort of unclean, and is pungent enough to singe your nose hairs off. 

Here's the odd thing - after you get used to Shalimar, you start to actively crave the weird opening. When you begin to go "Mmmmmmm" rather than holding your breath, this is a sign that you've crossed the line. Welcome! It's like a Shibboleth for hard-core fans of Shalimar -  we're all over here at the other side of the line, and everyone else is pressing their noses to the glass, shaking their heads and saying, "I think you have Stockholm Syndrome" 

After the "horrific" first half hour (for which you may want to refrain from sniffing your wrists if you are smelling it for the first time), it is an easy ride from there on in. Sweet, smoky vanilla poured on top of a long, golden, powdery amber, with accents of leather, smoking resins, and animalic musks. It has this neat trick of smelling comforting/familiar and yet ultra-sexual at the same time. It lasts all day and, in my humble opinion, is just fantastic in whatever concentration and vintage you wear. Yes, the vintage parfum is the deepest and smokiest, but we can't always be wearing that (for reasons of finances as well as time and place), so it's good to know that Shalimar is still recognizably the same Shalimar in the weakest EDC as it is in the parfum - thinner, yes, but still, you wouldn't mistake her for anybody else. For me, it is true love, and a top five perfume forever. It is like my second skin.  
Rich, somptuous, baroque chypre masterpiece. There's pretty everything in it, a comprehensive symphony or perfumery basics. Splendid talcum-powdered drydown, gentle as a lady asleep. Not much to chat about this!

10/10
Love the history.....love Guerlain....don't love or even like Shalimar.  Instead of smelling sultry and seductive, I smell like an old ashtray.  The smoky notes just overwhelm on me.  
As many others have already said, shalimar is a classic, perhaps the most classic of them all, and equaly a work od a genius perfumer. For me is smells more msculine than feminine, what is no surprise after Prada pour Homme Intense, Eau Sauvage Parfum, Burberry Brti for Men, Tom ford noir and many scents in the same oriental veil. Shalimar seems a blueprint for so many scents we all know and that's why I cannot perceive Shalimar as dated, old fashion and even less, praise God, old lady-grandma-ish. No need to go through the notes, it has been done very well indeed by some Basenoters. I just think everybody really keen on fragrances should try Shalimar. It is beautiful, it is an art form, it is perfection. I feel very fortunate to own an EDP bottle of this relic and yet so present, uptodate scent that is Guerlain Shalimar.
Shalimar is a scent I'd been avoiding. Somehow, it had 'old lady' tones in my mind.  However, I've been progressing in my journey, I've discarded the idea that a scent fits with a particular age group.  Yes, some scents are classic and have been worn for many years by people and so you may know an older woman whose been wearing Shalimar for 5 decades, however, that doesn't define the character of the scent.

In the case of Shalimar, it's been around for so long because it is that good.  I've been wearing the current EDT with great pleasure.  It's a scent that envelopes me like a fur coat, in fact, a bit like fur that remains on the leather which has been sueded and worn soft.  This scent is warm, familiar and full of smooth vanilla laden leather.    I recently acquired a bottle of the vintage EdC and find that it is creamier still.  It's got the typical feel of Guerlain, a powdery feel, but I don't feel like that is as strong as in some of the Guerlains, it is more creamy than powdery to my nose.

This is a wonderful scent for most any occasion, though I suspect it will perform less well in a hot and humid climate.  It is a powerful scent to my nose, not something that the wall-flower would want and I believe a man could easily wear it as well.
Typical example of a fragrance that you need to let grow on you before you can fully appreciate it! Fist time I tried this... a very strong, very dirty, almost bitter vanillic leather aroma hit me and I found it quite pungent and almost overbearing. But after a few days, and other applications... I really had to agree with everyone here in that this is quite an elegantly made, beautifully blended, sophisticated fragrance, and I can see why many call this a masterpiece. There is not much more to add to what others have said, but I would say to first time users please give it a few tries on your skin and leave it the time it needs to fully appreciate it. Trust me, if you do this you will be rewarded, but be patient and you will see why so many people call this a masterpiece.
Superbto be honest, I buy Shalimar only for the gorgeous bottle at first. I dont sniff it, just get this pretty flacon. how bad Guerlain could be?real badass. the opening is not my favourite part (at fact, the least. its rather offensive), but the rest, especially the dry down is something to die for. the vanilla and incense is really prominent (but the seller said, "its woody spicy". never trust a seller women. especially when they already tried to sell a BOSS Bottled) usually I detest vetiver, but on this one its controlled beautifully, ended with strong Vanilla that just perfect. it have strong projection and stays for really long time. the bad side is, like most Guerlain is on the banal opening. if you survived the first minutes, a very beautiful scent awaits you Pros: projection, longevityCons: opening"
It really has grown on methe other sitting in a meting I was distracted by a whiff of the most delicious perfume, I surreptitiously sniffed the people within distance and none of them had warm woody tones with a hint of spice. As my head dropped to my chest to retrieve my pad I realized to my surprise that it was me. I would never have guessed applying Shalimar in the morning inhaling the burst of powdery vanilla and rather sweet fruit that what would remain through the day would be be a lovely spicy base with a hint of rose. I love the combination of sandalwood patchouli and jasmine and rose, though some notes are fainter than others. I wear it because of what it becomes and for how long it lasts, if I could change it I would add more strong green patchouli and maybe a hint more of rose.Pros: it gets better as the day wears onCons: first whiff is deadly sweet"
Great in bottle, less so on skinMy bottle of vintage Shalimar arrived today and when I removed the stopper, an absolutely heavenly and complex aroma of florals and woods and citrus filled my nose.  Yet when I put it on, I smelled ... well, like an old lady.  Just because I AM one doesn't mean I have to smell like it!  I'll try it again, but so far I'm not sure I'll be wearing this grande dame, happy though I am to own her.Pros: LuxuriousCons: A familiar scent to many"
Shalimar eau de parfum reformulationAfter finding out that my idol Lady Miss Kier of Deee-Lite wore Guerlain's Shalimar I immediatly bought a bottle I was just 14 back then in 1993.it was a gorgeous warm powdery kind of a heavy perfume I loved the vanilla and the exotique feel of it, it became my signature perfume for quite some time. Now 20 years later I bought a bottle of eau de parfum and i still like it but i do smell that it is not what it used to be I've been reading up on some reviews here on Basenotes and at Bois de jasmin's blog finding out it was reformulated i still like it but thers something missing.the reformulation seems to be milder and doesnt stay with me aslong as the 1990's Shalimar I once knew did.I love Guerlain for its history and perfume know how and tradition its my  favorite house but i feel robbed.It is still gorgeous and really really beautifull but this is not the old Shalimar I knew
Pour Homme	Shalimar is a perfume associated mostly with women from an older generation, so as a young man, 20 years of age, I perhaps can offer a more unique perspective of one of the jewels of the House of Guerlain. 	Let's quickly look at the key notes found in Shalimar:	Top: Mandarin orange, Cedar, Bergamot, Lemon	Heart: Iris, Patchouli, Jasmine, Vetiver, Rose	Base: Leather (?), Sandalwood, Opoponax, Musk, Civet or Civetone (?), Vanilla, Tonka bean 	First off, you might be sick of hearing this, but, like all Guerlain perfumes, Shalimar is a deeply personal thing. This is because Shalimar is definitely not your typical woody/oriental perfume. A quick glance at the notes makes this more obvious. Cedar, typically a heart or base note, is used as a top note, and this gives a distinctive woodiness right off the bat.  Vetiver and patchouli, which are now typically used as base notes. These help to cut the citrusy scents of the top notes and brings a bit of balance and, more importantly, complexity into the perfume. In the base notes, civet or civetone (the synthetic alternative to the natural ingredient, now banned for ethical reasons) brings a strong animalistic scent to the perfume. 	Next, my initial introduction to Shalimar was when my grandmother used it. To me, it was the epitome of sensuality and luxury. It has amazing projection and longevity, and merely a few drops of the perfume would last the rest of the day. 	Finally, I am using Shalimar because it works well on me. For reasons unknown to me, when Shalimar touches my skin, the top notes go off quite quickly, only lingering as time passes. In contrast, the musky and powdery base notes project very well, with the dominate notes being vanilla and tonka bean. This leaves a powdery and, almost, creme brulee-ish scent on me.Pros: Excellent projection and longevity, legendary scents, top grade ingredientsCons: Varies greatly with personal tastes and body chemistries"
A warm temple of mysterious love in a bottle...As a perfume hobbyist, some iconic scents of ladies department also come into my collection. And as expected, Shalimar ranked as top priority on my purchase list.So, as I recalled the first time I sprayed Shalimar, my immediate reaction was: wow, it's indeed warm and sensual. The aroma was so complex so should you want to give a try--you should try this one with caution.Yes, not every chick can wear this, even for some first-timers this would definitely too much too handle. A possible headache or confusion (due to trying to identify the notes LOL) may result.The longevity is truly outstanding, tested on my wrist and it lasted 8 hours and more. After a warm spicy mixture of scents decorated the earlier stage, a slight jasmine followed shortly but not too powerful. As it dried down vanilla note appeared and lasted, clear and sweet.Mysterious, as I remembered this one. Just like its name, Shalimar best translated as a warm temple of mysterious love. So, undisputedly this one suitable and enjoyable only for a more mature women not for teens.Even though I still have no idea if my wife (Estee Lauder Pleasures Exotic, Kenzo Flower, Hermes Un Jardin Sur Le Nil) or my mom (YSL Rive Gauche for women, Thierry Mugler Angel) would love to wear this or not. My overall scoring was 8/10.Pros: Warm & heartfelted scent, great longevityCons: Complex aroma on immediate spray not suitable for younger users, standard bottle & packaging
Love this perfume	Shalimar is my go to perfume for every occasion.  It's classic.
Try with caution: not everyone can wear this, on some it will make me feel queezy and give me an instant headache!

I just bought a bottle of the cologne being a bit shy to try a stronger concentration and I am absolutely loving this!  The lasting power of the cologne is truly impressive it wears on way beyond what I imagined, a good 8 hours.  In the dry down I love the burnt creamy vanilla that appears, smells like heaven.  Love this but may not wear to work!  Sexy, vampy and mysterious is the name of the game here not cookie cutter scent of the week.
Hmmm... Shalimar. Ladies smell so nice when they wear it. This is a scent that can bring about many memories. I can recall being a young teenager and being completely intoxicated by a friend's mom's perfume. This stuff MADE her a "hot mom". I remember the bottle...

I bought some for my girlfriend. She's in the roller derby, and I was looking for something that would go well with her sport. We've gone through many sweet, fruity, herbal, and sporty scents... tried a few Etat Libre d'Orange, and a couple of samples of various Tom Ford. I settled on trying out the Shalimar because of its longevity (not while wearing... I mean in the sense that it's been around since the 20s), its attractiveness, and the way it can match up with a sport like roller derby: It's dark, dangerous, sexy, and packs a punch, but can keep its wits about about it in social situations.

Shalimar comes in with the lemony top note, but does not last long. This dries down into something smoky and subtle, seductive. To me, it gets my mind racing on things like sex, making out, etc. The woman who wears this should wear in confidence that your man will notice.

I don't know what the formula was like in the 20s, but I would love to find out. Buy yourself an extrait or at least the EDP. Any other "strength" and you'll not get the full idea of what this scent is supposed to be.
I would even wear this myself if I paired it up with something Versace Baby Blue Jeans or put the smack down on it with Amouage Ciel Man.
This one's a sultry winner, ladies.

(update) I have been wearing this myself lately. I am really enjoying it. The extrait is the way to go... 
Guys, this smells good and I would recommend trying it. I know it's for ladies, but this can and WILL be quite masculine when worn by a guy... period. It smells nice, and you will get compliments... it seems that this is more unisex than anything else....
First try of Shalimar...

...there it sat on my skin. The flagship of Guerlain. The first spritz is very lemony of course, but you also get a sniff of cedar which reminds a bit of church pews and old fur coats. I knew at the first whisp this was a great Old World Perfume. A legend. History. 
The hesperidics are quite elusive and the scent changes remarkably into smoky vanilla. I don't get that much flowers. The smokiness makes me think of a Walpurgis Night bonfire. Shalimar has an aura of wisdom, of a significant other. It's one of the few perfumes that really make my mind wander. True dramatic beauty. 
Who knows what the vintage version was like, but even the reformulation is aweinspiring. Luca Turin said, Shalimar makes 80% of todays fragrances appear trivial.
Of course I now own a bottle. And what a timeless beauty that bottle is, don't you think? When did blue and yellow ever look that good together?

I'd dare say: Greatest perfume of all times! Too special for me to wear it every day, but good to know I have it!
I give this 5 Stars b/c I appreciate it.  It is one of the best loved fragrances of all time.  Having said that, I don't usually like women's Orientals.  This one is softened by the vanilla,Tonka and a light use of Bergamot.  The heart notes are all floral, soft florals. This has a gourmand tone to it. 
Just opened my bottle of Shalimar Pure Parfum and applied a few dabs...omg it is so sensual and beautiful and warm; heady and intoxicating---so luxurious. Wow!

Love it!


This was my second ever "grown up" perfume that my boyfriend bought for me
in 1973 and nearly 40years down the line I think I have grown into it.
I felt very sophisticated wearing it in my 20's but felt it was maybe too old for me
because of it's heaviness. However I have always loved the sensual smell and  always will, so do the men around me...as I have had many compliments on my 
perfume whilst wearing this,mainly from the older man !! 
What can one say about Shalimar that hasn't been said one million times?

Go buy yourself a bottle of the extrait.

Apply to your wrist.

Sit back, inhale deeply, and be transported to another universe.

And for the record, the extrait formulation is eminently suitable for use as a masculine - there is nothing even remotely girly about the dark-colored juice in the gorgeous crystal bottle, gentlemen.  
I recently purchased two vintage bottles of this and listed one on Etsy.  Today, I opened the second bottle and OH MY GOSH!  It is so very beautiful.  I quickly decided that could never be without this beautiful scent and took down the Etsy listing.  Who knows if I shall ever find the vintage EDT again?  I am totally in love.  
goes down heavy but results irritating to my neck skin, great scent anyway!
Chanel No. 5 ? 

Fugedaboutit. That powdery senior scent is as out of place these days as Guerlains Vetiver. 

This is what I imagined a timeless classic would smell like. Dark, vanilla, hints of oriental and side of civet for some carnal verve. Drydown is a creamy vanilla. 


I absolutely love it. It's the classic par excellence, way better than Chanel 5, a must have for anyone who loves perfumes.

And yet -- and this is a big YET -- it changes dramatically from bottle to skin. This can be for better or worse. On my mother and on some of my friends it smells great, and becomes the perfect fragrance for an elegant night out; on my skin, unfortunately, it gets flat, old, tired.

I am more sorry about this than I can say.

Still, every now and then, I spray it on my pillows and go to sleep thinking about some wonderful place in a faraway land.
The most perfect fume! I wore nothing else in my twenties before I was really able to understand, then I discarded it totally in favour of citrus scents in my early thirties, only to come back to it now, to rediscover it perfectly and completely. So much so that I now have edt (for bedtime), edp and vintage edp and parfum concentrations, im a Shalimar maniac! It's hypnotising and all encompassing - I have a lot of perfumes, and yet now I've rediscovered SHalimar I'm having a hard time wearing anything else. It feels like I'm cheating! I love Shalimar and I can believe I neglected her for so long. It's an incredible fragrance, from the Bergamot sharp opening to the nest like Opoponax tonka vanilla drydown. Genius.xxx

There's nothing special when I tried Shalimar for the first time. It was the new version (EDP) that I tried at the local shop. From all the praise that I read here... I only got a burst of citrus note and sweet vanilla. A big disappointment for me...


I'm still curious for this "historical" SHALIMAR, so I tried to find the vintage one to erase my curiosity forever. I bought 1 bottle of Shalimar (PDT/75ml) at the flea market. I tried it at home, 2 sprays on my left arm and miracle happens...


I cannot explain the excitement I feel when I smell this beauty. It's like you've just drink a 100 years old wine when previously you only drink a grape juice.
If you looked in a dictionary under P for perfume there should be a big picture of Shalimar.  While some would argue that Chanel No 5 deserves that spot, to me Shalimar IS perfume, the highest expression of the perfumer's art. 

 Some people think of this as an "old lady scent" but don't forget, those old ladies were young once and it smelled as good on them then as it does now.  It works on a grandmother and on a nubile young 18 year old and at every age in between.  The story, the legacy, the packaging and advertising are all magnificent (that bottle!  The original is perfect) but what about the scent?  Well, it is gourmand without being too foodie, seductive yet still ladylike, rich and oriental but fresh at the same time.  I LOVE smelling this on a woman! The bergamot is perfectly done and paves the way for the iris and opoponax which is supported by the most beautiful vanilla ever--as only Guerlain can do.  This defines the Guerlainade note for me.   There is a smoky animalic note in there but it never forgets its manners, even if pushes the limits a bit.  

Please, women of the world, wear this more often!  In extrait if possible but all delivery systems for Shalimar are great--cologne, E de T, lotion, powder, etc.

I can well see why Guerlain paid homage to this when they gave us Habit Rouge and thank goodness they did, but for me, Shalimar is the mothership and a great perfume whose light  I hope never fades.      
SHALIMAR – Guerlain – 1925	[classic oriental]

This is the classic oriental, one of my favorites (Yves St. Laurent’s OPIUM and Boucheron’s JAIPUR HOMME are my top favorite orientals).  This is a warm, vanilla rich oriental, the very first of its type, and still the very best. Both men and women swoon when you wear it.

Top Notes: Bergamot, Lemon, Hesperides
Middle Notes: Jasmine, Iris, Rose, Patchouli, Vetiver
Base Notes: Vanilla, Frankincense, Opopanox, Sandalwood, Musk, Civet, Ambergis, Coumarin

Now I know why Shalimar is all over this site. What a wonderful fragrance! I seem to have an older version, the bottle is different than pictured, but it is lovely. Not too powdery for me, soft and sensual, a real classic. Still not better than Knowing on me, but I'll definitely keep it in stock.
This is my first review of a truly great perfume.  I don't think I've been qualified to write anything about a perfume as complex and perfectly composed as Shalimar.

I recently experienced for the first time the 1967+ vintage Shalimar extrait/parfum, in the  black and white zigzag box, with the purple flocked inner box adorned with the fabled gold Marly horse design inside the lid.  Its ferocious beauty has emboldened me to try to do it justice.  I compare it to the blue-boxed current parfum.  That is the only other formulation I know well.  Here goes ...

It opens with a beautifully radiant bergamot note.  That soon recedes into a chorus that is dark, smoky, sweet and animalic.  It's complexly organic, not just animalic in the "check-the-box", "yeah, it's in there" synthetic aromachemical sense.  It builds to a sharp, nose-singing kerosene bite.  It literally burns a bit when sniffed close to the skin.

It is intense, and utterly captivating. It goes in through the nose, passes through the brain, down the spine, and grabs you by the core.  Nothing else I've smelled has such a visceral effect.  People say that vintage Shalimar makes them feel weak in the knees, or feel faint.  You think this must be hyperbole.  It's not.  If any perfume has the power to incapacitate, it is this vintage of Shalimar in its opening movement.  The current version has much the same character, but is much less intense - not in potency or projection - in depth, darkness, and complexity.    The opening is the best part.

After that, the heart is still gorgeous, but it loses that raw gut-wrenching power.  It is much more floral -  rounder and sexier that the current parfum.  More feminine, most would say.  I don't care, though. It's too good for that to matter.  I think I smell jasmine, rose, and iris - I'm not sure, as I'm not great at separating out notes.  I'm sure there's much more than those three anyway.  It's very natural and complex to my nose. I would guess that these were still all natural florals in this vintage.  I don't know if the current parfum still has any, but there's a big difference, I think.  Resorting to an analogy, I'll say that the vintage is like an oil painting, where the current is like a pixelated digital image.  The current is very angular and sort of represents the idea of the floral elements, where the vintage feels ... real!  The heart is where the vintage and current differ the most in character.

The drydown is all smoky vanilla and sweet resins, overlaid with the fading light of the heart.  By the time the florals are gone, it is very similar to the current version.  That makes sense, as I don't think any of the base components are restricted, scarce, or particularly expensive.  It's deliciously edible by this point.  One of the nicest drydowns in all of perfumedom.

This is the best perfume I've ever known.

If I'm going to rate it, I'll say that on a scale of 1 to 10, this one goes to 11.  I have to do something to stand it apart from all of the other 10s.

11/10
One of the major fragrances that smells completely different on my skin as opposed to paper is Shalimar. 

On paper I get the big blast. A fistful of powdery sensuality anchored with high pitched lemon, dense beany vanilla and bergamot. I'm immediately transported. The after effects are a pleasant dry vanilla with that herbal lavender colored velour that all Guerlains seem to contain. It whispers oriental rather than sings it. 

However, on my skin I get a different world inhabited mostly by powdered vanilla. I can't get the citrus. The fade is very fast. An hour after application I have nothing but a barely noticeable hint of sweet baby powder. Why is that? No clue. Whatever it is, it's something in me. The paper sample smells rich roughly 3 hours after application. 

I will say that even with my poor chemistry, I still love Shalimar. Never mind that I likely can't wear it. It's so calm and frothy. I love its dainty chantilly creme' in contrast to the fatty pate' of other orientals. It's no wonder this was Rita Hayworths favorite perfume. It's feminine and sensitive, but at the same time bold, plump, vampish. 

The batch I smelled was the latest in the newly redesigned black ribbon bottle. I recall a few years ago smelling the classic tassled bottle and noting a distinct bitterness that turned me off. Maybe a louder bergamot in the old batch? 
I adore Shalimar! I think my favourite versions are from the '80's and '90's and I seek them out on eBay as they seem deeper, more complex and longer-lasting too. I always go back to Shalimar and I know I always will. 
Indisputably beautiful. Shalimar doesn't merely sit upon your skin and project its essence like most parfums; it melts into you, combining with you, and projects your essence. Hypnotic and wonderful. Breathtaking every single time.
I saw the reviews, and I decided to get a bottle from the local shop.  Yes, I am a man, and I wear Shalimar...and I like it.  It reminds me of 4711 meets Number Six meets Florida Water.  Good and citrusy, sweet, and just plain nice.  Not getting anything flowery from my wrist, sorry.  But nice, sweet, and relaxing.
On first whiff I smelt liquorice and incense which must have been the bergamot! It then fades into a powdery sweet vanilla. The iris in it is lovely. It's very sexy and feminine, definitely not a day perfume. 
Skin but better. The scent my son used to spray on his pillow when I was on nights to make him feel safe. Again  Basenotes reminds me to add an old favourite to my wardrobe
The first whiff on my skin made me think Old Library Books, not really enticing or sexy, but curious enough.
After thirty minutes, the top notes wore off, which were not fresh, but the opposite of fresh, the fragrance remaining was pleasantly strange, unusual and really authentic, like it was part of me.  The heart and base notes were mingling and lasting for several hours, four or five, and they were fascinating and mysterious, not so bright. Comfortable shadowy scent.  Something a bit rare and excellent here.  
I got a sample of this from Escentual, and have given myself a hefty dose. I'm not a fan of bergamot, something I've only discovered since joining Basenotes, and luckily, that note disappeared fairly quickly, although it was not as unpleasant as some I've encountered. I would love to have smelled the original formulation way back in the mists of time, however I'm content enough with the current blend, and not suffering any of that angst, so many Basenoters feel about the reformulations of fragrances. (I do however have a particular angry feeling about Lanvin's Arpege i got in the 80's and the reformulated article somewhere around 2006)

I'm breathing in a powdery aroma, and having read some of the reviews, people seem to associate powdery with old ladies, whereas i associate it with babies and youth. It doesn't seem at all "old People home" to me, and its uplifting for me,  in the powdery stage. The sillage of this one, seems to carry the powdery notes, and i expect people will smell that around me, until i shove my neck rudely in their faces, and demand they comment on this new scent I'm trying.

But where i love it most, is the nose-to-skin smell where i get an animalistic emanation, and the iris and opopanax are readily apparent, someone also mentioned an incense-y kind of aura, and I'm feeling that as well. Now, also the vanilla is waving hello to me, shyly, coyly popping its sweet little head up and saying "Hey, I'm here too!!"

 I never tried it before because the name puts me off, i don't like it at all, however, contempt prior to investigation has deprived me of something i may well choose to be my signature fragrance. I am actually going up to my mother's house to "appropriate" one of her 2 bottles of this. 

It's lovely, and i shalll be resting my nose somewhere down my cleavage, with eyes closed, breathing in this classic fragrance whilst watching Tv tonight. Thanks Guerlain
Just incredible. I'm wearing it right now.

The Shalimar ad says it so well in the tag line,  "As close to forever as a perfume can go." 

The classic amber, complete with a colorful lineage.

Everyone should do themselves a favor and  at least sample it.
  I'm beginning to learn that many perfumes come out smelling somewhat different on me depending on where I spray them (seriously.) When I apply this fragrance to my wrist, at first all I get is the really strong animal musk/civet smell, which I find almost a bit too much to deal with. When I apply it farther up my arm it's all lovely, soft powdery notes which are really nice and pleasant. Now that the fragrance is drying down a bit on my wrist though, I'm finding that it's turning mostly into vanilla and soft, sweet powdery notes too. I'm not sure if what I'm trying is the original or a reformulation. I suspect it's probably a modern reformulation because the sample didn't cost very much, and it smells too much like a vanilla fragrance to be the original (I think.) 
  The fragrance just changed on me again, and now I'm getting a strong impression of incense. 
  Shalimar is a really nice, unique fragrance and I definitely like it and would recommend it highly, but I doubt I would wear it very often. It's a scent that definitely comes across as a sexy evening fragrance to me. I think it might be a bit much for everyday wear. Definitely a great classic perfume though!
After all tese magnificent reviews, I was wondering if i should write something. Well...here...about perfume of all time. Most perfume created by real nose, remains as perfume for all times. I thik that, perfumery industry turned to FMCG as well by intoducing serials of new parfumes with new molecules and formulas and no real concept or idea, but the tought of earning. Perfumes were always art, so I am wondering why they were turned to this? Perfumes are sensed by the eldest part of the brain: rhinencephalon and only truly freeminded  and sensitive people can develop good composition.
I am sorry for this huge intoduction, but I wanted to express my opinion on the difference of the "old" perfumists who was creating their perfumes with heart and soul, and new trendy FMCG perfumes.
My flirt with this perfume dates back to 1995. I tried it again, but unfortunately during the summer, when some strange notes developed on my skin. Fortunately, I had a decant with me and tried it again. What to say...perfection made back in 1925.
It opens with lovely citrus notes wich represent the intoduction  to the most beautiful powder I ever sensed. Everything is perfectly done with right measure: sweetnes, citruses, woody and balsamic notes.
It would be nice if manufacturers does not forget that perfumes are like painting,  like music, that someone have to give to them their soul...othewise they would fall into oblivion.
Shalimar has heart and soul, which provided it with eternety in the perfumery world.
Love at second sniff - the first was, "Yargh! Old lady!", but wait....try it again....heaven. Smoky, vanillic, a spicy concoction that wafts about the wearer's being like a haunting mist that shifts and blends with the body's chemistry to create something altogether personal. Genius blending and, to me, pure alchemy. Beautiful.
Every word alfarom used to describe this is spot on. I am realllly trying to love it, but I get the same animalic note that I get in fragrances using the word civet. Now, I am a total newbie to fragrances of this magnitude and started my niche collection about two days ago, but it seems that all I am getting is that civet smell. My wrist literally is emitting wet animal derriere.  Because I understand that these things take time and this is only my first wrist spritz, I am gonna at least wait to finish the generous sample given to me by my local sephora, but I hope and pray that it morphs into something more pleasurable because like I said I really want this one to work...it's a LEGEND!!! So, I am giving it a thumbs up in honor of it's legacy, and because all of those other thumbs up's cannot be wrong ( whether it works for me or not ). I will just have to wait and see and post an update.
We can easily say that the house of Guerlain is french perfumery personified and, possibly, Shalimar is among its most successful and legendary creations. If you  smell it for the first time you immediatley notice its outstanding quality and complexity. Wether you'll like it or not this is, by any means, an outstanding fragrance and one of those perfumes you encounter every once in a 100 years.

An huge amber/vanilla driven composition that is particularly remarkable for its kaleidoscopic aspects. Animalic and smoky, oriental and penetrating, delightfully sweet, mysterious, intriguing....simply immense.

If you happen to wonder if "objectivity" is appliable to perfumes you should try Shalimar as it's one of the most successfull examples of how a good fragrance can go beyond genres and even personal taste.
We all have our classics that are nothing like we remember from back in the day.  ('I used to wear [insert classic] until they RUINED it!)  I tend to get more wistful than angry over this (Odalisque.)  But just as I've sat to write about Shalimar I've found another reaction, which is to notice and then not particularly to care.  I'm on a plane right now and passing through duty-free earlier spotted Chanel Antaeus, my first fragrance, my only signature fragrance, the one I wore exclusively in my junior and senior years of high school (81-82) and then intermittently for years.  My first thought on sniffing it was 'this is quite literally nothing like what I used to wear.'  My next thought was, 'Oh, look!  They've got  No 19 EDP!' and I went and spritzed.  

The upside of digital perfume communities is the sharing of experiences.  I have learned so much reading Basenotes reviews and threads---had more laughs, more ah ha! moments than I can count.  The downside, though, is that a perfume hobby seems to engender a nostalgia/anger about how things used to be.  There's that sense that contemporary perfumery has taken something intrinsic away from us.  Our response is often a fetish for distinction and provenance, and of course the ensuing butt-sniffing and pack hierarchy.  You know: 'I'm sure you THINK you love your current Mitsouko EDT, but you'll never truly know her until you've smelled my 1967 extrait.'  I'm as guilty as the next person.  

But Shalimar unexpectedly elicits in me an attitude I've tried to foster.  Things do change.  But I just love perfume and find immense joy in it.  Call me common, call me simple, but I currently wear the most recent Shalimar EDT and love it.  It just makes me tail-waggingly happy to smell it.  Citrus, growl, smoke, scratchy amber & vanilla, opopanax, a sly incense.  I'm sure it's not the parfum from 1925, but then again I'm not a 20s flapper.  How wonderful that that era had its Shalimar.  But they didn't have our Bois de Violette, my Insense, my Secretions Magnifiques.  This is no pollyanna desperate optimism, no deflection of resentment.  We live in a spectacular era of perfume.  

My 2010 Shalimar tells me to screw the iconography and embrace the perfume.  It also makes me imagine the fun of watching the apoplexy of the current generation of young perfumistas going as shrill as we have over the resctrictions on our beloved oakmoss.  Imagine the heel-clacking and outrage among the Angel set when ethylmaltol, identified as the causative agent in the future medical diagnosis of Acquired Intolerance Syndrome, is outlawed.  
Shalimar has taken me on a very strange journey which I hated at first because its scent was so alien to me that I did not know what to make of it. It reminded me of an antique powder puff left behind by some silver screen diva.

I persisted  with the ODP because, despite my initial reaction, I had also detected something totally irresistible and unique, which set it  aside from every other perfume I have worn.

Shalimar was created at a time where scents where elitist, assertive and owned by few; it is so removed from the 21st century that wearing is like immersing your self in to a time between the wars where everything seemed possible.

Like all masterpieces, you will not get it straight away and you will have persevere and open your mind to it. But once you do Shalimar becomes a magnificent addiction.
It is not difficult to see why Shalimar has stood the test of time.

Shalimar is still unique after all these years. Such a beautifully done fragrance, composed with careful consideration and oozing sophistication and elegance.

This fragrance is a warm, smokey and slightly spicy vanilla scent, with all the right qualities to make this sensual fragrance irresistible. 

The opening is a wonderfully obscure citrus blend complimented by cedar. This combination surprisingly works. The top notes are strong but not overly so.

The heart of this fragrance is where the magic begins. On my skin I get a warm, somewhat leathery and spicy blend of floral notes. At first this scent reminded me of calamine lotion. Thank goodness that I like that medicinal type smell. Later I got something that smelt like a mixture of cigar smoke, powdery incense and fragrant woods.

I love that Shalimar continues to change and surprise me. I love that this fragrance is so unpredictable. Guerlain has certainly outdone themselves with this masterpiece.


Pillar of classicism and one of the most refined, luxuriant, elusive and sophisticated fragrances of all time. Smooth, at opening luxuriously hesperidic, barely tobacco veined and talky this is the fragrance that inspired the creation of the earthy decadent Habit Rouge, yet the "Shalimar au masculin". The extreme sophistication of the juice is enhanced by its floral heart "populated" by the most sumptuous flowers as jasmine, rose and iris in order to enrich the balsams of the base after a first citrusy voluptuous traditional blast. Rose and iris are prominent and the first of two is linked to talky elements in order to provide a touch of ethereal delicacy while the further floral patterns are more pungent and angular in order to "complicate" the shadowy wake on the side of a detectable note of classic patchouli . The citrus are almost aggressive at the beginning as well as those are strong in Habit Rouge and the link with the bunch of flowers and patchouli produces an extremely elegant, classic, aristocratic and bold impact. The opoponax presence in the middle helps to understate soon the initial harsh impact of citrus in order to prepare a gradual transition towards the resinous final smootness. Some time later the angular citrus and floral elements start infact to drown in a sink of resins and balsams as vanilla, Perù balsams and gray amber that remain all dry and powdery being just at the beginning of the development barely resinous. A touch of flavoured mildness is introduced by tonka in the way that the base exudes nuances of aromatic tobacco. The dry down is anyway warm, enveloping and luxurious with its talky "smokey" mildness, ambery sandalwood and a sort of leathery suede. Shalimar is still nowadays a great choice for the lovers of sumptuous effluviums managing to teleport them in a world of mystic exoticism, sultanates, harems and esotericism.
What can I add to the accolades strewn like wreaths of the finest blossoms at the feet of Shalimar?  My two cents, of course!
If Chanel No. 5 is the Queen of Perfumes, then Shalimar is the empress.  No. 5 is a masterpiece of modern aldehydes.  Shalimar is a masterpiece of nature's flowers.  Funny that they appeared at almost the same time, because they couldn't be more polar of opposites.  Shalimar captures the very essence not only of flowers, but of perfumerie itself.  If a perfume is meant as more than a means to end (smelling better)--that is, as a fantasy...a catalyst for dreams--then Shalimar takes the crown. I know it's an oriental; perhaps the first.  However, to me, Shalimar is the quintessence of floral. The only flower I see listed in the pyramid is iris, but surely there are more in this garden.  The experience of Shalimar is the experience of a child smelling a flower for the first time.  Overwhelmed and entranced for life.  The Shalimar I'm talking about here is the original perfume.  I get the feeling today's Shalimar is not what it once was...
How I remember my mother going out for a formal occasion, in a ball gown(!), suffused with Shalimar her special perfume from that magic bottle ( the one with the violet stopper), coming in to kiss us goodnight.  Talk about magical!
Absolutely sensational, classic fragrance and without any shadow of a doubt, one of the most complex creations in all perfumery. Evolves dramatically on the skin morphing from one contrasting colour to another in bewildering, virtuoso style.

My favourite fragrance of all time.

The addition of a ‘dirty’ jasmine and herbs to a sparkling lemon top creates a real ‘thirst quenching’ effect that the citrus itself could never achieve. I liken it to the effect of a good cup of English Breakfast Tea - it’s not a cold, sparkling beverage but it has such a balance of invigoration and depth that when done properly will quench your thirst like nothing else.

Eau Sauvage is a timeless, intimate, ‘gentlemanly’ and versatile fragrance. A real joy to wear.
What can you say about a classic like Eau Sauvage that hasn't already been said?

So I'll keep it brief: it's an impeccably made, perfectly balanced, anywhere-anytime creation with a gorgeous lemon-citrus opening and an herbal heart. It gets as close to "timelessness" as fragrances can get.
I had a revelation last summer (in June-July 2019), when I stayed for one month in an airb&b rental apartment located in a hilly residential area near Porta Romana of Firenze, Italy. To my utter astonishment and great delight, every morning, when I climbed upstairs from the bedrooms to the living room / kitchen area, I was invariably greeted by a natural fragrance wafting through the wide-open windows from the villa's private garden, that was identical to Eau Sauvage. Voila, now we know it: Monsieur Roudniska must have spent some time during summer in the Tuscan hills near Firenze and the fragrance that envelops them in June-July provided the inspiration for his iconic creation without equal! 
I've had bottles of Eau Sauvage - both the current version and the vintage, and they are both wonderful. I do notice the lack of oakmoss in the current version, but it's not that different. This perfume was never an oakmoss bomb that had to suffer an unfortunate reformulation. In all its versions, I find it an incredibly refined fresh/green fragrance, with hints of lemon, lime, basil, hints of florals and faint whispers of woody-mossy notes all culminating into an accord of breathtaking beauty and immaculate sophistication. It is notoriously weak, especially faint rather than short-lived (it does last a few hours as a skin scent with a liberal application), but this is a perfume where it's all about quality over quantity. 


4/5
It smells like classical cologne but it’s got a very nice twist of musk that makes it deeper. Very good, and it could be considered as unisex. 
My all time favorite. My grandfather, who was born in Italy and came here later on, wore this every day. He said it reminded him of his basil in the garden he kept. To this day, I can still smell it on his old clothes we keep, and still have one of his old bottles he never finished. 

Yes, silage is low and it does not last that long, but I find it lasts longer when sprayed on clothes in warmer weather. There is a slight differnce in the vintage vs. the new re-formulation. I find the vintage to be just a little more "heavy", and the newer lighter. 
I'll start with a confession: For me, there's currently no fragrance that tops Eau Sauvage. So why write yet another raving review if I'm just another fanboy? Because don't think I am. And if I am, then I hope that you can at least learn something from what I've experienced. So here's my story - it's rather a long one, but bear with me - or just skip to the part that says "Kid, there's...". 

First of all, Dior Eau Sauvage isn't the same as Dior Sauvage, so those of you looking for the Johnny Depp Sauvage, kindly go find the right page.

Now… A few years ago (it may sound ridiculous for some, but it was as far back as 2014), I started looking for a gentlemanly scent, something with style, something to impress, a scent that my favourite characters from books, film or TV would wear. I was, in short, looking for something to attract the ladies. Eau Sauvage was the fragrance that came up the most in my online searches. It was mentioned as _the_ classic, something that Steve McQueen swore by, and the product of one of the stars of perfumery, Edmond Roudnitska.

So I tried that Eau Sauvage, bought a 50ml bottle - and was less than impressed. In fact, I went back to the store I bought it in and complained about it lasting only an hour or so on my skin, nothing at all like what I'd expected from my internet "research". I was told that it was a very light citrus summer scent and was fobbed off with a whole bunch of samples (most of which I don't really care about and still keep in a box, including what the shop owner professed to be her favourite, Dior Homme).

I wore that 50ml bottle, wearing at least two sprays at a time, for quite a while - trying a lot of others in between. I was spending a lot of time travelling internationally by plane and I really did try a lot of other scents. Still, I regularly came back to that weak citrus cologne.

One day, about a year ago, I got my hands on a vintage bottle of Eau Sauvage, sealed and from the 90 judging by the box. I tore into it like a kid at Christmas, unscrewed the lid, put some on my arm and... was underwhelmed, again.

By that time my fling with perfumery had turned serious. I wasn’t spraying on nearly as much as before. And I'd bought essential oils, resins and other partially very expensive ingredients, started smelling, comparing and mixing, the results amounting to the same thing as my reading - that perfumery was much more about exact measures and how the individual substances reacted with each other than how I imagined them to smell in my head, all the time still looking for something like the ultimate attractant.

I'm going to skip a few steps and just tell you what I'd tell myself back in 2014:
I'm still using Eau Sauvage, the modern version mostly, because it's easy to wear, unobtrusive, agreeable. It's become my signature scent without me noticing it, really.
I like to wear the vintage version on occasion (I just have to add that there's hardly any resemblance to the new one, the old one has much more character, it's much more capturing - but it has made me feel like I were trapped in a bubble of flatulence twice now in certain surroundings. There must be some strange chemical reaction I can't place yet...) but the new version remains the juice I've used most of over the years. I've even started mixing it with some of my raw materials. Now, I always have a 5ml bottle of it mixed with some myrrh tincture, sandalwood and oud ready - I jokingly like to call it my personal Ruthvah, but hey - 

Kid, there's no such thing as a love potion number whatever. I've tried a lot of things that claimed to be. So-called pheromones, Calone, Hedione, Iso E Super, ambergris, civet, castoreum. None turned out to be more than the thing that really counts: belief in yourself.
So what all this ranting boils down to is this: wear what makes you feel the way you want to. For me, this is it.
Oh dear jeebus. I adore the modern stuff, but vintage is just properly blow your mind amazing. 

Whichever way you choose to buy it it, Eau Sauvage is a men's classic that every gent ought to have on his shelf at least once. 

The opening is glorious - lemon that dips between presenting perfectly naturally to having a candied edge, cumin and rosemary giving a ruggedly spicy, almost leathery touch and then to me developing into a wickedly smooth finish. 

If you haven't given it a try yet, I'd consider starting with the modern formulation to see if you like the DNA, then consider hunting vintage because this isn't exhorbitantly expensive (yet). 
I love this, it is a fairly dry citrus.  Herbal and manly.  Smells well groomed.  It is polite, and not overtly brash like many of its contemporaries.  It doesn't fade instantly, but sooner than I would consider good.  Say below average longevity, but not poor.  
While I am a bigger fan of the Eau Sauvage Parfum version, this is the one that set the stage for my decades-long love of what is arguably a classic, excellent men's fragrance.

What I enjoyed about Eau Sauvage is that it's a longer lasting, more layered potion than the typical eau de cologne citrus scents out there. It is very bracing and exudes a fresh masculine impression that still is appreciated after over 40 years in existence.

Eau Sauvage is a nicely blended citrus-spice fragrance that also accented by floral notes like carnation and jasmine. It's tangy-musky goodness of the most elementary, no-nonsense kind.

I enjoy the Parfum version as it is a lush, intense rethink of Eau Sauvage. But it's up to you which level of intensity would work for your personality and occasion.
Try both out, as each are fairly easy to find on most fragrance tester counters at a department store near you.
A Classic. So fresh. Still so relevant. Still so nice after all these years.

Worth having a bottle in the collection. 
THE icon of male french perfumery, whether you enjoy it or not, many have exhorted its beauty here and elsewhere and I won't add to it.
It's a french cultural institution, sitting at number 4 in sales as I'm writing this (2018), behind Bleu, Sauvage and Terre, it says a lot considering its 1966 launch that it's still this popular having survived and thrived through the power 80's, ghastly ozonic 90's, and the current "blue" chemical spill aka spiky """woods""". It can still be smelled everywhere in France, in the subway, in line at the boulangerie etc.. I sincerely hope it'll still be in the top 5, 50 years from now sitting right under whatever the ' parfums du jour' are
Vive Eau Sauvage

Like the music composer Rimsky-korsakof, Edmond Roudnitska was a naturally gifted autodidact who delighted in subtle and complex forms. He may have been a great composer of symphonic perfumes but unlike Rimsky-korsakof, Roudnitska was not a prolific source of creative ideas. His complex and multi layered masterpiece of citrus - verbena - herbs - transparent floral and vetiver shares more than a little in the structure of citrus - verbena - white floral and chypre behind François Coty's cologne de toilette, Eau de Coty.

The main difference between them - and what marks Eau Sauvage out as belonging to a new generation of perfumes - is Roudnitska's bold use of hedione. This pale and translucent jasmin isolate displaces the lemon and sweet spicy focus of the Coty, it diffuses the white floral and in doing so opens up the profile like a paper fan. 

Even if it is derivative of a relatively unknown perfume, Eau Sauvage is none the less a very subtle work. Today, it's difficult for us to comprehend just how new and different it must have felt when it first came out. Back in the 1960's, masculine perfumery was still "basically the barber's Eau de Cologne. There was the green, the blue and the amber. There was also Old Spice." This according to the president of the French Society of Perfumers who was quoted in a 2012 edition of Madame Figaro magazine. "With Eau Sauvage we discovered something quite different." Eau Sauvage represented a step change in perfumery, not only achieving a new level of subtlety but perfume in general was now able to express an ethereal quality that hadn't been possible before.

This translucent quality of Eau Sauvage can make it seem to disappear in short order. In fact it doesn't vanish but it does have a tendency to lie low. But what it lacks in odour yield is made up for with increased longevity - as compared to a citrus Eau de Cologne; an old French advert from the time reads 'Méfiez-vous de l'eau qui dort' - Beware of the water that sleeps. Sleeping water - a canny image for the pale and elusive Eau Sauvage.

Back in the sixties there was less competition in the market place and a masculine perfume could be somewhat diffident about its appeal, in fact anything louder than a whiff of Gauloises might have been thought unbearably vulgar. Eau Sauvage certainly didn't suffer for being discrete, it was a stand out success and nothing came close to matching its popularity.

Not only was Eau Sauvage a commercial success, it was - and still is - critically acclaimed as a masterpiece. In the book 111 Perfumes to Smell before you Die (Les cent onze parfums qu'il faut sentir avant de mourir) the editors of French parfumista magazine Nez selected what they consider to be the most notable perfumes of the modern era. Eau Sauvage is one of only sixteen masculines to make it into the book; it is the only one they describe as a work of art.

***** 
The Ladies' Tower at the Alhambra by Martin Rico y Ortega 1871

Orphée ( Jean Marais ) in 
Orpheus by Jean Cocteau 1950
There isn't a whole lot that can be said about Eau Sauvage that hasn't already been, and the general consensus (with which I agree) is that it's a masterpiece, but I will give it my grand review nonetheless. The famed Mr. Roudnitska would only make 3 masculines (unless you count 1951's unisex Eau d'Hermés) in his time as a perfumer, and this is the only one still being produced, if that's any indication of it's timeless power. The first masculine created by the famed perfumer (Moustache by Rochas in 1949) was more or less an early blueprint of the male chypre, but the virile animalic potency of that scent wasn't for everyone, despite it's light dusting of citrus and lavender on top to keep it fresh and austere by the day's standard. The unisex Eau d'Hermés ultimately favored by men was further in the sexually-charged direction, and Eau Sauvage seems to be it's equal-opposite successor to Moustache, but this time Roudnitzka would go it without the help of his wife Theresa to create the scent, whom was a huge source of input for Moustache, and the resultant creation was ironically more feminine, or at least more gender-neutral than Eau d'Hermés could ever hope to be. Eau Sauvage would also prove to be the first male scent for designer Christian Dior, with a whole story behind it's naming, and the whole thing was just a big deal all around. I never knew any of this going in of course, but it's fun learning later that "Eau Sauvage" not only means "Wild Water" in French, but was a corrupting of "Oui Sauvage", the way in which Christian Dior's butler addressed his friend Percy Savage when he came to visit the designer's home. Just lovely bits of character that make the scent that much sweeter!

The formula of this couldn't really be simpler, which is it's beauty to be honest. It's classified as a chypre, but it doesn't really contain the prerequisite hoary animalic base notes, but we give that a slide since literally everything else is textbook chypre. It opens with lemon rosemary, a lavender, bergamot, which is fairly barbershop-ish in modern times. After the lemon and rosemary greet you, petitgrain, jasmine, and a light dusting of sandalwood comes up to say hello in the middle, and after it dries, the textbook oakmoss, musk, amber and a touch of vetiver for a masculine edge holds your hand for the rest of the experience. That's it! No fuss, no muss, no civet or castoreum to sour or sharpen the mix, just heaps of fresh, green sophistication through a use of just a few primary vegetable notes and once-animalic but since synthetic fixatives (ambergris and deer musk have long since ceased being in commercial perfume even before Eau Sauvage came long). There is a drawback to this purely herbal composition, and that is the scent has pretty mediocre projection like a typical Avon/Mary Kay or department store fragrance under $30USD; it's totally okay if you want something that requires folks to come a little closer to enjoy your aura, but for the projection-means-better guys, this one won't do. Eau Sauvage does have pretty mean longevity though, and it should for the price: this one still goes between $60-$90USD even after being over 50 years old! It's a testament to it's desirability and staying power I suppose, and Dior has spun off a half-dozen flankers including 2 parfum formulations, an "extreme", and "extreme intense" and now one just called "Sauvage" (a modern reboot but not a replacement), all of which sit alongside the eponymous original. 

Most people who smell Eau Sauvage now for the first time aren't even aware of it's age, since it's fresh, semi-sweet, and green tones just make it so classy and timeless. There is a certain degree of person who won't like stuff such as this because it doesn't have any richness to it, or chemical oomph of modern scents; I have heard some people liken this to a middle-aged man's contemporary scent, in that you have to be over a certain age to pull it off, but once you reach that age (regardless of when you were spawned), it will instantly be your signature scent. There is truth in these words to some degree, as I probably would not have appreciated something this dapper and soft in my early 20's as I do now, despite it's "wild" nomenclature. If nothing else, this joins the ranks of scents like Caron Pour Un Homme (1934), Canoe (1936), Chanel Pour Monsieur (1955), Monsieur Givenchy (1959), Aramis (1965), Kouros (1981), Eternity for Men (1989), Acqua di Gio (1996), and other time-worn men's essential classics that should be experienced, if not owned, at some point in a guy's lifespan. The scent works in nearly all seasons, and for nearly all occasions, all times of day, and is literally so well balanced, it could be my one-and-only desert island fragrance if I had to reduce everything I owned down to one selection. I only hold back on wearing it more with respect to the rest of my collection. If the art of the male chypre had an apex point, it would be this scent, and it's no wonder fougères overtook these chypre scents a decade or so after this. Where else was there left to go after Eau Sauvage? That's a question still waiting for an answer 50+ years later.
They they could just make this last longer.

It smells amazing. Perfect. Classic. Unfortunately it just disappears from my skin after 45 minutes.
There isn't much point in going into detail here..this fantastic scent has been reviewed and screwtanised to death ..all I will say is that to me it represents a piece of history, very much like adp colonia and chanel pour monsier and many more. With regards to its performance. ..if this fragrance was a beast or projected like a lunatic it would change the whole dynamic , and for me part of its charm is its lightness and airyness. I read somewhere that John lennon enjoyed this scent , Wether that's true or not isn't proven, but it's funny to think of him wearing this in bed with yoko in Amsterdam for a week. Generally speaking I see this scent as a piece of timeless sophistication that feels fresh and thankfully light.  

Iconic in its stature and been around for ages.  I have a vintage version before the Oak Moss was stripped out.  ES is soft, warm and inviting.  Classic Eau du Cologne structure with more emphasis on the herbs (Rosemary and Basil) than most.  Like most EdC’s, it doesn’t last (about 3 hours).  I find the base a bit lacking but perhaps that comes with the EdC territory.  There’s better EdC’s out there, namely Acqua di Parma’s Colonia & Assoluta but ES is still worthy of attention.   

7/10
Another review of Eau Sauvage because… At some point the scent needs to be evaluated for what it is, in comparison to other available fragrances, rather than in comparison with the memories (or aging bottles) of a vintage formulation. I would also underscore that the version of Eau Sauvage I’m reviewing is François Demachy’s post 2011ish reformulation (lighter colour, magnetic cap), which in fact had much better longevity than a NIB bottle of the 2009 formulation (oakmoss listed on the box, but weaker, flatter & shorter-lived) picked up at Sephora last year. 

There’s not really any point in listing the notes: educate your nose and you can detect everything listed in an extended pyramid (the one BN lists plus things like iris, caraway, etc.), enjoying the lucid note separation while you’re at it. What’s key is not the notes but the blending… Following the initial citric burn, the balance is smooth and dynamic, with an elegant, trailing drydown. The great features of this composition that are part of its legend (a vivifying citrus, a watery freshness, a second-skin ‘sweat’ accord athwart the expected classical balance) are all there, as translated from old school reviews to what’s right under your nose. There are synthetics here, but unlike some fragrances that whine, buzz or rasp recklessly, the texture overall is graceful, and a little shabby in the most elegant possible way. Speaking of elegance, the 3.4 ounce bottle is a piece of Platonic pleasure that fits well in your hand, the metal label, like a nameplate outside an apartment in a very good neighborhood still presents Dior’s Christian name (sorry for the pun), and the atomizer is generous and efficient.

Final notes: Complaints about longevity should be read with some skepticism as the possible products of past history and knee-jerk repetition. I’ve only been into this hobby for a few years, but most things I’ve tried act just like this, if I am lucky: 1-2 hours of good projection on post-shower skin, followed by a drydown that lasts 4-6 hours on skin and 6-8 hours on the collar of my shirt. Eau Sauvage reactivates crisply with body heat and smells affectingly natural lining the skin at the end of a working day. It reapplies very effectively at the cocktail hour and will last the rest of the night if you decide to take it into the evening. Observations based on several bottles? This macerates (ages) better than most of what I’ve tried, new or vintage: my bottles have firmed up beautifully in just about six months, gaining a bit more punch in terms of both strength and longevity; if it feels too fleeting, shelve it for a season or two and try again. 

Why all the fuss? If you are looking for compliments, they’re there to be had, but this is also one of the best educations in fragrance composition your designer-level dollars can buy. As a meeting point of art and entertainment, beauty, versatility and reliability, it holds its place in the present as both signature and statement.

Initial citrus blast, somewhat synthetic in aspect, but still pleasant. This was followed with ten minutes or so by a woodsy note that almost smelled like rosewood to me. I really enjoyed this addition. I should say the woodsy rosewood smell "joined", not followed, because the citrus didn't leave. It was still there as well, and they worked well together to produce a very nice combination of notes that was very enjoyable. After three hours or so, Eau Sauvage started to develop a soapy smell which became the dominant note, but the citrus and wood also persisted. It was a nice "clean", "fresh" soapy note, not overpowering or headache inducing in any way. It struck me as a nice "Dove" soap smell. I'm now at twelve and a half hours post application, it's a nice skin scent and I'm still picking up the citrus, wood, and soap aspects. This is the first Dior product that I've cared for of the ones I've tried. A very enjoyable fragrance and Eau Sauvage is definitely a permanent addition to my wardrobe. It's amazing that this fragrance was created in 1966! A testament to great perfuming! 
I have nothing new or particularly profound to say about Eau Sauvage that hasn't already been said. I recently "rediscovered" it after a very prolonged hiatus. There have no doubt been many reformulations between my first bottle and the one I recently acquired. Can I call the current version a carbon copy of the vintage? Of course not. My memory isn't that good. What I can say is that my renewed acquaintance immediately evoked old memories in the uncanny way that only scent can do. For that reason I call this a successful reinterpretation of what started out as, and to my nose remains, an iconic masculine fragrance. Rejoins my shortlist of must-haves.
Holiday scents #8 - Dior Eau Sauvage

Because the world needs another review of Eau Sauvage... I'll kepp this brief. Terrific, genre-defining chypre full of well-balanced bergamot and lavender. I understand that the modern version has lost the oakmoss component, retaining a dose of vetiver for the woody base. Immediately fresh and familiar, I'm not sure what the oakmoss would add. No doubt those with more mileage could say. 

One thing it might add would be a boost to longevity, as my sample was seriously underpowered. To be as fair as possible, I attribute some of this to the small size of the sample sprayer, and I suspect a proper size atomiser would lead to better results. 

Therefore, an enthusiastic but provisional thumbs up until such time that I can re-test under more propitious conditions. Until then, caveat emptor, but there are no caveats in my mind about the ongoing relevance and importance of this fragrance. 
I have a decant of vintage Eau Sauvage, and I am a fan. It is a lemony scent, with a suave underpinning of soapiness. 
A classic citrus/spicy fougere that is light and refreshing but bold and masculine at the same time, Christian Dior Eau Sauvage is a men's staple along the lines of Chanel Pour Monsieur EDT, a creation that almost seems to defy traditional descriptors. With Eau Sauvage, you smell like a mid century man, or at least as I imagine my grandfathers at the time, since they wore fragrances that sure smelled like Eau Sauvage, Pour Monsieur, Aramis, etc. well into my childhood.

I get out of Eau Sauvage mainly an opening of lemon and bergamot with lavender that lasts hours into the life of the fragrance, where it mixes with cumin,  sandalwood, and patchouli. I don't get the basil in the opening nor rose in the heart but it's fascinating to see the complexity of this on paper (as in its note breakdown) while enjoying its actual complex smell.  My experience is dominated by the lavender.

Performance-wise, it opens very strongly and projects for about an hour before becoming a milder skin scent, which makes it very office-friendly. Certainly it leans toward warm weather usage but it can be used with more sprays in the winter given its spicy and woody features.

At $59 for 100ml or $83 for 200ml on FragranceNet (usually home to the best deals), Eau Sauvage has held its value very well but nevertheless remains a good deal. Clearly this could be in a man's top-5 list most essential, versatile fragrance. Simply a classic.

8 out of 10 
Eau Sauvage, the lemony  slightly dirty masterpiece of Edmond Roudnitska retains its timeless character and similarity to the 1968 original.  The brilliance of this creation is the combination of ingredients that creates a totally unique Eau Sauvage aroma that is greater than the sum of its parts.  It is lemony, herbal with rosemary and vetiver all carried upon a hedione backbone which retains a bit of the jasmine indole for a light dry musky but memorable basenote. Once recognized you will recall the uniqueness of Eau Sauvage.  It is not my favorite lemon eau de cologne fragrance, but the contrasts and character are memorable and pleasing by its familiarity.
This was Steve McQueen's personal favourite...and I can see why. Fine lemon with a touch of vetiver, a tad powdery. To my nose it smells dated, reminds me of something nice but I can't remember what! Not overpowering, it's just right. Sort of lemon trees, green grass and a summer breeze in mind. Maybe an 18-hole game of golf, then afterwards a shower and change in the locker room, before heading to the clubhouse bar for a drink on the rocks. Eau Sauvage has that vibe.
Loved the classy, masculine opening, found the middle pleasant, but the end was just ho-hum. My nose is by no means refined, but the drydown reminded me of a smoother Terre D'Hermes. TdH gives me a headache after half a day, so this was not the ending I was hoping for. I had such high hopes for the first few hours, but it just didn't come together enough for me to consider a purchase. Still, Eau Sauvage gets a thumbs up for everything it does right. It stayed relatively close on me throughout the later half the day, which is what I like in a fragrance. 
Brilliant formal fragrance.  As SJG3839 notes, this is lemon and Vetiver done very well.  

Adults only.
My first bottle of Cologne, 1968.
Same year as Bullitt. It was a beautiful Rosemary prominent citrus, hedione centric dream, anchored with a healthy dose of Natural Oakmoss and Vetiver.
It has been altered, reformulated gently over the years and is one that has weathered the storm somewhat intact. You really only notice the difference when side by side with Vintage where there is a better quality Citrus and Oakmoss adds depth and some longevity. Sandalwood was used up into the late 80's, but is non-existent now. A touch of Calonic airiness has taken residence.
Today's retains enough of the original structure. I get closer to the first by using an Oakmoss flavoured Shaving Cream and a tiny dot of Jasmine Absolute to the chest. My Queen makes comment.
To drive that Mustang would be dreamy. 
Lemon and vetiver done right. Very safe fragrance as well. 8/10
Perfection.  Everything is juuuuussst riiiight. Nothing too sharp, or too floral, too sweet, or too strong, or too thin.  Everything in balance, including a subtle skin/musk effect. Always appropriate and comfortable, transcends sex and age.



The soap is wonderful too.
Citing the 213 reviewers before me:

A gentleman's cologne that has stood the test of time.

Masterpiece. 
A timeless classic. Truly a masterpiece that will always stand the test of time. Precious and simple, a perfect scent suitable for every occasion.
I just received my first bottle of Eau Sauvage by Dior. I don't even know how to begin my praise for this classic men's fragrance. It is by far one of the loveliest scents I have yet to experience. I immediately thought of this as a cleaner, lemon version of the iconic Eau d'Hermes by Hermes--in a way. I highly recommend this to anyone who likes Eau d'Hermes and/or 4711. In fact, aside from 4711, this is what I wear more than anything else in my collection.
Salutation.

This scent is a Necessity in the Collection of the GENTLEMAN of Style, A Real scent for a real DIOR fan that After all these years It still gets favorable comments from the Ladies and I don't think that Someone could find it Unpleasant. Classy,Classic,Fresh, Adorable,Aromatic,Distinctive,Subtle and Virile.

It blends a scent of Pure innocence with the Exotic nature of precious Wood and the Sophistication of a Great fragrance.The Citrusy opening of Lemon, Bergamot and Fruity notes is Luminous and fresh,Middle notes is Aromatic and Lovely and Finally a Woody and Masculine in the base.

This DIOR EDT is really a Great SUMMER fragrance.It is a very Pleasant scent for EVERYDAY and OFFICE use. I definitely Recommend it to a Man 30/50 years with a good sense of Style That who wants to Stand out.A EVERGREEN fragrance indeed.

Sillage?Ok.

Longevity?Acceptable for a Citrus Aromatic.

7.75/10
The modern reinterpretation has a close vibe to the original Armani Pour Homme. This cologne is a true gentleman's cologne which would be perfectly suitable as a "signature scent" as it exudes character with high pedigree. Class in a bottle. Timeless. Steve Mcqueen chose Eau Savage as his "signature scent" and that in itself speaks volumes about this modern day reinterpretation of a scent that has stood the test of time.
Hands down the fragrance I have worn the most over the last five years.   As I have gotten into my late 40's I've found that I like the classic fragrances more and more, and Eau Sauvage is at the very top of my list.  The soft lemon/rose top notes make it smell great upon application.  The lemony scent lingers but never dominates like so many aquas and synthetics you find in your local department stores.   The basil and vetiver base with the lemon trace are absolutely timeless IMO.   

Eau Sauvage will never overwhelm and sillage and longevity are average.  Great scent for the office, weekend or any occaision where you want a classic masculine fragrance that has lower projection but timeless appeal.

10/10
This enduring classic is perfect in many ways--fresh citrus, a floral heart done right and vetiver to anchor everything.  Over the years I have worn this and always marvel at how good it is.  I particularly like the aftershave balm. There is a real freshness to it but a masculine sensuality that is freshly showered and beautifully dressed and ready for action.  Great warm weather scent; fresh but with the underlying smell of humanity that French fragrances do so well.  A man wearing Eau Sauvage will never feel out of place, out of time or out of luck.  It is timeless, manly and just plain good.  The advertising over the years has been really wonderful and it has supported several flankers which is not always desirable but in this case underscores just how good the core offering is.  Beloved by Sloane Rangers, Preppies, boys and girls, women and men everywhere.  I think it is safe to say that this classic will be with us forever.   
A citrus explosion that is my feeling, after 30 minutes maybe less lavender appears giving a floral touch, then evolves into a woody chypre where the oak moss becomes present, these accords make this fragrance become very vintage, was a great surprise, this will be the first of many bottles !!
This is my 5th or 6th bottle as well. I keep coming back to it because it's got everything I like. Very subdued, never been asked by passers by what cologne I'm wearing. That's okay. I like that. When I walk back into my office and get a whiff of what I sprayed on my coat earlier in the day, it makes me happy. 

I have the big 6.8 spray sitting on my dresser, in front of that are two tall ribbed bottles with the fancy bell shaped cap. A 3.4oz splash, Then a small 1/2oz bottle full of the vintage stuff I bought for as a reference.

As most of you know already, the vintage stuff is what really delivers the goods. The depth of the citrus in the beginning is downright intoxicating. If you find yourself reading reviews on basenotes for eau sauvage, I probably don't need to tell you to track down your very own example of the vintage juice.

The recent version of this stuff is pretty watered down. I don't think you could possibly spray too much. I give myself a good 2-3 spray several times thru out the day. You'll kill a single 3.4oz bottle in no time. 

All and all, I give it a thumbs up. Not great in terms of longevity or sillage..if that's what you're into. 
This is bottle Nr 6 i received today!

And i also had the vintage juice back in the day.

The citrussy topnotes on the current version stays a long time with me i noticed.

Maybe it has something to do with the spray mechanism they used on the 200ml bottle it sprays a bit more than the older bottles i had.

The current formulation suits me very well the little oakmoss that was a little more noticable in the vintage juice is tamed down in the current version.

In a good way the old version was indeed more Sauvage but with the current formulation the only thing i can think of is pure classleading performance!

This is not a sillage monster but a very refined and well balanced scent that projects class in a subtle way.

If youre looking for a bang for buck solution on this scent buy the 200ml (6.8 OZ)spray version of the EDT.

It reminds me of a EDC by the way but one that stays a good 8hrs and 6 hrs close to the skin.

Thumbs up!
Okay I really like this one a lot. It does what I wanted Creed Bois de Cedrat to do. It's fresh all the way. The citrus and rosemary work well together but the Basil and Vetiver freshen it up to keep it from being like medicine. To me this could be used anytime or anywhere. It's not too light or too strong. Highly recommended.

I first tried Kenzo Flower at Sephora over ten years ago when I was just starting to become seriously interested in perfume. I actually recoiled a bit because of how powdery it was. Now, I love soft powdery scents, thought back to my experience with Kenzo Flower over ten years ago, and sought it out. It can currently be found at discounters for a very reasonable price, is still available in 30ml, and who knows when it may be discontinued? It is 20 years old now, after all. 

To me Flower is the quintessential baby powder scent. I get mostly powder and little else. No florals, little musk. Not too sweet. It's not a complicated scent, but it's a nice comfort scent on colder days.  

EDIT: After several wearings, Flower seems to be a bit of a chameleon. Some days it smells soft and powdery, other days it smells more 'fresh and clean'. This adds to its complexity makes it more interesting. 
Opens with a slight melony note(calone given the release date?) and that lipstick smell that sometimes happens with rose/violet perfumes and a bit of a  synthetic buzz. It's strange on first try, but its also kind of strange and fun, especially the more wears you give it. Drys down into a lovely powdery rose scent over vanilla and white musk, which really comes in and rounds out the opening. The vanilla never gets cloying or bakery smelling though, and the white musk never gets sharp or too laundry-esque. It smells nice and clean and clear powdery and violet-y. Very nicely done in a very cool bottle. Perfect for spring.
Tons of violet on top; happy little, powdery violets.  Rose shines through a moment later.  Buzzy sweetness on top overall.  Lovely!

The middle and base seem to be as one entity, one blend.  There is a muted resinous, balsamic layer intermingled with a creamy musk.  There is an aldehyde, hazy blend thrown in here.  I'm going to guess it's the "chemical notes" listed for the base.  The violets stick around, dancing around the whole time.
A very good and nice soapy floral that performs well. Then, it’s nothing special for me. 
When I first spray this on, it appears very strong and very sweet, which if the longevity were stronger, would make it synthetic, sickly and overwhelming. Happily, it falls quickly to a pleasant soft, musky rose.  
I find the opening a bit sharp. A lot of violet emerges out while the rose gives a soft touch. At the drydown the vanilla smoothens it into a comforting body scent. I find it indeed very powdery. And I detected some incense-like notes that tickle the nose and constantly reboost up the soft floral and vanilla, very interesting. The sillage is quite good and the longevity is around 7h on me. 

I personally think the bottle is an excellent visual interpretation for the fragrance. It's floral, sensual, and incredibly clean. I especially love it in spring and autumn. I don't think it's a very seductive fragrance, otherwise it can fit numerous occasions with different amount of application. It's not bold, but still very distinctive. It surely has its uniqueness in the floral categories.

Originally written in 2013.
FlowerbyKenzo is condense of florals, fresh musk, resins and almondy vanilla. Joyful, radiant and spacious on my skin. Absolutely not cloying, I'd say exactly the antithesis of whichever form of olfactive sultry oppressiveness. While bulgarian rose (initially crisp and earthy) is heady in the fresh opening (a yet vanillic fresh and humid opening) violet and lily of the valley come out along the freshly powdery almondy dry down. Rose is yet present along the bottom, finally soapy and musky. The "denser" (more resinous) part is the central one, opening is crisp, rooty-herbal (yet sweet vanillic) and freshly floral while dry down is musky-powdery with a tinge of creamy resinous. This is not a masterwork but surely I catch on my skin a more than pleasant semi-oriental with a spark of floral-chypre classic sophistication (anyway supported by a modern musky touch of girlish glamour-chic). I detect a sort of sexy girlish floral acidity which is evocative of that hellish "young woman's sweat mixed with creamy armpits' deodorant". Appalling bottle. 
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, no doubt. Kenzo's Flower is an homage to one of the fragrance world's great classics, and possibly the world's first gourmand - Caron's 1941 Royal Bain de Champagne.

RBC was the first scent I encountered upon moving to New York City. A young man I met on Brooklyn Heights' promenade floated in a cloud of melony vanilla amber, and this was the Caron, which immediately became my signature scent - this was in the early 1970s.

As Turin and Sanchez point out in their Perfume Guide, Kenzo's Flower attempts to recreate Caron's masterpiece. It begins quite similarly with honeydew melon and marshmallow, floating over vanilla and amber. However, Flower is greener than the Caron and inside of 15 minutes, has settled down to a pleasant reedy artemesia-like wood scent.  Whereas with the Caron, the melon, amber and vanilla never let up.

A nice alternative, but I'd advise to stick with the original, which is so affordable, it eclipses the Kenzo as an economical investment.
Salutation.

FLOWER BY KENZO is an Great fragrance that Invite to Love. It is The brainchild a Genius Like ALBERTO MORILLAS. It is Asia Prestige in The Perfume World too. I was really Pleasantly Surprised when I first smelled this perfume a few Years ago. Subtle,Clean, Natural,Romantic, Sophisticated,Fantasy,Oriental and Feminine.

A hint of Freshness by Black Currant Open the Scene for the Romance of Rose and the Intimacy of Violet in the heart While the base gains Sensuous from Musk and Vanilla.This Perfect blend is Utterly LOVELY,Feminine yet Clean,Soft and Not Heavy scent that lasts for a Long time without Overwhelming.

It is a Delightful Ladylike fragrance and Makes You Feel Like It is a part of Your Personality. The Scent is Light Enough for day wear and very Lovely for Evening Especially with jeans and when You dress up for a ROMANTIC Dinner or a Garden Party in SPRINGTIME. If You are Looking for a Tender Floral scent This one is a Wonderful choice but Test it first before Buying!

Sillage?Very Good.

Longevity?+6 hours on my skin.

7.25/10 
Why review Flower when it was released 15 years ago? It's been a bestseller for ages, has been the subject of many flankers and is a successful crossover in Japan. Everybody knows what Flower smells like...

Kenzo asked for a perfume that smells like poppy - a scentless flower. Pretentious folly or inspiration? It gives the perfumer rare creative licence  - and in response to this zen brief Alberto Morillas came up with a white floral bouquet.

A note pyramid for Flower is:
Lychee supported by ginger and mandarin, violet
Rose, with camelia and mimosa,
Frankincense, white musks, patchouli and amber.

Another way to describe Flower is; sweet, abstract flowers with hard black undertones on a basket of laundry musks.

Synthetic odourants are carefully selected to create approximations of rose, violet, hawthorn and Cassie; quoted from another pyramid. Rather than creating each flower and then merging them, molecules common to more than one flower bridge the gaps. This is economic use of materials as only the most essential components of each flower are represented. Close smelling reveals the limitations of this approach though and it's only partly successful. The texture wears a bit coarsely and the flowers do not smell realistic.

With this reliance on synthetics, Flower lacks finesse and roundness. The only natural materials being opopanax, incense and patchouli, and maybe a minute amount of Rosa centifolia, the high percentage of synthetics gives the perfume an artificial quality. This is not necessarily a bad thing; the plasticy feel of Flower makes it distinct from a more traditional formula.

Flower bears the hallmarks of its time (2000) with a watery-fruit note in the head, but in this case it's lychee rather than melon. Its linear core is built from long lasting materials.

As the intense sweetness of the opening declines, dry lemony accents of incense emerge. These give contrast and prevent Flower from becoming a sweet bomb.

Certain key notes have allowed Flower to become a successful crossover in Japan. The lychee in the opening flourish, supported by ginger - common in south east Asian cuisine, and mandarin, create a hook for the oriental consumer. Rose and jasmin have universal appeal and, and incense also has cultural resonance for the Japanese.

Anaïs Anaïs (1978) and Flower are very similar white floral bouquets, but where Anaïs' soapy bathroom accord of lily and hyacinth feels innocent, Flower is harder and less permissive. Its undertone of incense and patchouli announces in a low but firm voice that the pastel, soft focus reveries of the seventies are over. Kenzo's twenty first century interpretation is a plasticy, confident abstract composition. The white floral has moved from being the virginal symbol of early adolescence to a strategy marketed at young women in the postmodern world.

Flowers' continued production has been due to the cheapness of its formula, and is now thanks to its potential to penetrate the enormous and untapped market in China.

The succession of Flower flankers demonstrates the solidity of its formula, which continues to serve as a foundation for new ornamentation.

Flower (like Anaïs Anaïs) has the lasting appeal of a distinctive perfume that transcends the whims of fashion.
It has endured to become a classic.
Flower Eau de Parfum opens on a brisk green floral accord that’s at once smooth and refreshing. Violet leaf and violet blossom soon separate themselves from the blend, while suggestions of muguet (lily-of-the-valley) and acacia fill out the dewy spring bouquet. Just a little less roundness, a little less blending of notes, and Flower would smell like air freshener. It’s all squeaky clean – maybe even a little bit clinical – but absent the melon-aquatic notes (over)used in so many of today’s bright florals, the composition manages to keep on the right side of cheap-smelling. 

Flower’s foundation consists mostly of soapy white musk and soft woods. Because the base notes are not sweet, the scent maintains its crystalline clarity right through to the end. I would describe both its sillage and projection from the skin as moderate, and once its central floral bouquet is assembled, it remains stable for at least four hours before beginning its collapse into drydown. Flower is an easy-wearing, happy scent that manages to feel fresh while avoiding modern fresh-floral clichés. I think of it as a space age Diorissimo: equally limpid, luminous, and vernal, but tricked out in a shiny new metallic finish. I like it.

I like this, but I do find it wears off quickly almost like a deodorant. Need to top it up during the day.
An aldehydic, musky floral typically has an implicit sweetness.  An interesting perfume will play against type and either downplay or compensate for the sweetness.  Flower learned compensation and a sort of misdirection from White Linen, which it smells like, and Tommy girl, with which it shares a conceptual similarity.  

White Linen’s trick is to redirect the composition’s sweetness with a peppery rose that doesn’t so much diminish the sweetness as steer it toward sweet/tart.  From Tommy Girl, Flower learns the lesson of astringency.  Sour, as opposed to bitter, is a hard effect to pull off in perfumery.  In Flower, the sweet, powdery melon-like tone is highlighted by a slightly vinegary note just as actual melon would be by a splash of lemon juice.

After years, I finally tried this for the first time.  I used to pass it up, saying, "I don't like florals."  Ha ha.  The joke is on me.  This is PLASTIC FLOWERS.  It is totally weird.  I give it high marks for originality.  I probably won't buy it and wear it, but it sure is fun.  This smells like a bouquet of children's toy flowers scented with powder.  The entire scent is sweet plastic and powder.  This is amazing.  I keep smelling it, through the air, for hours and hours.  There's a bit of ivy or some strange greenness.  The rest is pure fantasy.  Wow.
I don't find it odd that so many people have given Flower by Kenzo a negative rating. I know that the sort of powdery, springtime-sugar-flower scents that I love are most definitely not for everyone and that a lot of people dislike such sweet perfumes. 

Maybe it's simply my body chemistry and the way that it develops on me, however, but I don't find it at all insipid like others say, nor out of balance - baby powder is not what it smells like on me. In fact, on me it smells a little darker and more mysterious than many other perfumes I own; it isn't by any means the scent of a femme fatale, but it's not without its charms; and besides, I am not a femme fatale! 
It's reminiscent of a warm, lonely early summer's twilight in a flower garden - soft, sweet and a little sleepy, slightly nostalgic; a last hour's rays of pink-toned sunset on a rose-twined wooden table while faint blue shadows cling to the edges. It's the sort of scent that you could wear just as well in a floral dress, crochet gloves and a boater hat as in an antique mourning dress and veil.

It is a very feminine perfume, on the other hand: not obnoxiously sweet but definitely a "pretty" scent, so it's unlikely to suit everyone's taste. I also agree that it isn't a stunningly unique or strong-willed scent - it's floaty and easy to wear, a lovely scent for a sunny day at a teahouse rather than the signature scent of a diva. Neither is it an intensely grown-up sex-bomb sort of perfume. Still, the lack of strong musky scents is a welcome relief for me and anyone else on whom musks turn unpleasant very quickly. 

My only personal complaint is that it doesn't have particularly good sticking power. I put a drop on my wrists and throat today, and while this morning I was smelling distinctly flowery on the bus it's now mid-evening and it's about as strong as if I were wearing floral talcum powder (although my wrist does smell delightfully like a wild rose bush now). 

Other than that, it's a light, innocent, simple scent wonderful for the spring and summer for any lady (or gentleman for that matter) who likes to feel sweet and elegant. I'd say it's an 8.5/10 for me.

Its a  good fragrance but easy to get sick of it
I really love this, whenever I wear this scent, I receive a lot of compliments.
Stays the whole day.
This has to be one of my favorites.  It's sweet, but a sort of dark sweet.  The scent reminds me of "happy."  This fragrance makes me feel like a women and always has others walk by slowly to really take in the sexy sweetness.  I went through a 3.4oz bottle in one year.  Just awesome!
This smells powdery, and doesn't wear off....I'm not a fan, I don't like smelling like a baby. A friend gave me a small little bottle of it....and I haven't made a dent in it.
So my boyfriend and I have this rule...we each have our night out with the boys/girls.  We don't ask and don't tell what REALLY happened on those nights because we trust eachother and love eachother, and for us it's like that "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas" slogan kind of thing.It just so happens that my friends are wild and dragged me across the border to Tijuana for a day of fun in the sun, gambling, drinking, dancing, and laughing.  I came across this fragrance in the duty free store as my girlfriends and I were crossing the border to come back home.  I had a wicked licentious smile on my face and some gambling money burning a hole in my pocket, so I stopped in for another huge bottle of Patron tequila when FLOWER caught my eye.  I tested it on my wrist and walked around looking for my liquor.  I couldn't resist smelling my wrist again and again and again.  I forced my girlfriends to smell it again and again and again and we all agreed that it was gorgeously innocent; the PERFECT date perfume.  Not the perfume of the "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas" woman I was that particular moment as I was searching for that liquor and trying to outrun a hangover, but the woman I'd be when I got home, and back to my boyfriend;  the vision of feminity and innocence that he fell in love with....I saw him the next day at church.  I was wearing my new FLOWER perfume, and a super girly baby pink silk Betsey Johnson dress with Kate Spade heels.  He said, "Oh My God, you smell GOOD - did you have fun with your friends?" and with the sweetest, most innocent smile and blink of my lashes I simply said, "yes"That is this perfume.  It's innocence, it's feminine, it's how a man wants a woman to smell.  It's his vision of you at your best, most feminine, simplest form.  It's sexy too, but not "in your face" sexy, but rather, more like a straightforward honest sexiness.  I will always wear this one before a big date with my love!
Taliaseki made an interesting assessment while I was searching for a note...dried clover! FlowerbyKenzo boasts a beautiful and feminine rose opening, and a soft one at that. The vanilla/opoponax/musk middle makes this one too powdery for some, but it just wouldn't work the same without it. Then there's that odd 'dried clover' vibe... The rest of its body is as clear as the stem of its bottle. It is mysteriously spacious, as though there's this hollow area inside the scent itself. And despite this apparent lack of body, Flower lasts for hours and hours. I love a good rose scent and this one's so curious I just have to like it. 
Kenzo Flower, what an absolute heart stopper.  If she were a woman I would be on one knee and forever in her debt. Im in love. The perfect powdered violet, rose scent that becomes muskier, sexier with time as she allows you to enter her little part of heaven.As your introduced to Kenzo Flower you are struck with sweet black currant, rose and hawthorn and a huge violet note. The black currant doesn't stay for very long but the rose and violet develop down into the heart nicely. These notes are greeted with jasmine and the bittersweet Opoponax, which takes us seamlessly from heart to base. In the base we find vanilla and white musk the jasmine being replaced for hedione (Firmenich tradename, basically a jasmonate). The base melts so close to the skin its heart achingly beautiful. Im almost reduced to tears every time I allow this beauty to dry down into my heart. I wish for her never to leave from this state of grace.Its soft, its powdery, its subtle only showing little nuances over a very long time. Being cautious not to give too much away too soon. Flower embodies modern femininity in my opinion and it has to be up there in my top 5 fragrances. Kenzo flower is one of my comfort blanket fragrances (along with JPG 2). She's a scent to be worn in hot summer days and cold winter mornings for me. This scent was created by Alberto Morillas who has created some of the best selling fragrances of the past 20 or so years and  I have to say this is my favorite from his portfolio.Utter Perfection in a bottle, makes life worth living.
Alberto Morilla's interpretation of what the poppy flower would smell like if it were to have a scent, combining the best of rose, jasmine and violet leaf notes to create an illusory floral accord. To my nose FLOWER BY KENZO feels voluptuous, textured with a mild powdery sweetness that draws me into its depth. Not the most enchanting floral I've encountered but certainly one of the most feminine. *** This review is of the EDP ***
one of the best female perfumes in production for young ladies.once you smell it on the appropriate skin, you can't stop asking for it.it is so clean, so femini, so nice that you will love it for life.  Smell like sweet flowers, powder but in any way, a very nice female perfume!
When this perfume was released I detested it. Far too powdery and overwhelming. However, later my cousin gave me the EDP in a dab on bottle. I avoided it for months, but then discovered that a mere two drops on the nap gave the most wonderously different result. It permeates gently but arousingly. Feminine, playful and uplifting. The powder is still there, which is not usually an element I enjoy, but it is augmented by the rose and violets to bring it out of the matron's water closet.
Kenzo Flower Parfum is fantastic.  It is luxurious and lingering.  My fiance is confused about it as he doesn't relly like it but it reminds him of when we first met.  It is quite a bold and lasting scent, perfect for wintertime.  I find myself reaching for it whenever I go to a ball or out for an expensive meal.  I find it sophisticated and memorable.
EdT: Horrible, fresh, prickly floral scent. Smells like a dozen others and makes me sneeze.EdP: Heaven sent me a pretty red bottle of warm, syrupy, floral goodness. If you like Fracas and Chinatown type of scents ( floral but with a warm sweet quality in there with depth) you should try this. It´s feminine, sexy but not slutty and comforting. 
I have the EDP in the clear glass bottle with the poppy. That was scintillating enough to make me buy the parfum in hte red metal bottle which is divine. I love violets.   I can't see a future without these perfumes, or one of them, in it. Both are more advertourous than Borsari's Violetta di Palma - the EDP more suggestive and playful, the parfum more sultry. 
It is one of my favorite women’s perfume. I really like this scent.
I like the Le Parfum (red bottle) more than the lesser concentrations. Reminiscent of heliotrope (everlasting flower), the sweet quality of FbK smells like you've spilt the best baby powder next door to the best confectionary bakery. This is one of those sweet fragrances I love to encounter, but would weary of wearing.

