positive Jasmine calone. This is the first time I've not had a violently negative reaction to calone so there's that. There's something pleasing: sunscreen on a salt-sprayed beach perhaps. Nostalgic, synthetic. Wouldn't buy it.
positive Le Labo's names can be a bit like Oxford May Balls - rarely in May.  Here neroli is present in the background in the first few hours, but never dominating - that is left to orange blossom with mandarin, whilst in the drydown jasmine and a decent rose come to the fore.  Tonka takes charge in the base, so overall a white flowery composition with a tonka base. A bit unexciting and not exactly hyper-original, but exceedingly well blended of top-quality ingredients - just narrowly thumbs-up. 




positive Neroli 36 struck me straight away as being more mandarin orange based than neroli. There was also an obvious sweetness, which was very pleasant but far from the bitterness that this fragrance is supposed to convey.

As far removed from being a soliflore as possible, I did much prefer this fragrance over Annick Goutal's Neroli, which I found too herbaceous and citrusy.

The more the scent developed, the more it began to resemble a juicy, pulpy orange mixed with talcum powder. Not the nicest description I know, but far nicer when smelt.

On the Now Smell This blog, both reviewers mention an aquatic quality which I don't seem to get. The scent is certainly Summery and refreshing, but there aren't any oceanic notes in this composition, as far as I can smell anyway.

I really enjoyed wearing this fragrance while it lasted, which was relatively impressive. Perhaps the only aspect I didn't like was the drydown, which up close smelt like a pet-shop but from a distance smelt like orange-scented cleaning products with a touch of musk.

Every now and then, Neroli 36 gives off a soapy vibe, however I wouldn't go so far to say that it's particularly clean-smelling, the sweetness certainly prevents it from going that way. 

Neroli 36 is nothing ground-breaking, but it's certainly, in my opinion, something that lives up to its expensive price tag. Lovely, just lovely.
positive Absolutely wonderful.  The perfect blend of soap (and this is by far my new favorite soapy scent), Sea and Ski suntan lotion, and marine notes.  I'm transported to Stone Harbor, NJ, the summer of _____ (pick any--1967-1977).  Amazingly well done.  Wish list and full bottle worthy!
positive You want a fresh scent that you can smell on yourself all day long? N36!!! The marine notes are long lasting. High quality! Don't expect it to smell like your typical neroli. It is unisex but I find it better on a woman. A year round scent overall.
positive At first, I was not sure what the big deal was about Le Labo's Neroli 36. It seemed like a gentle orange blossomy fragrance that didn't have any special bells or whistles. But then, I wore it outside (which, in the summertime in Houston, is not insignificant) and Neroli 36 really came into its own as it melded into my skin in a charming way that is hard to describe. Neroli 36 didn't try to compete with the 90 degree heat but rather worked with it and subtly released its warm middle notes of musk and jasmine. Were it not for the prohibitive price and limited availability, I think Neroli 36 would be the perfect "beachy" scent, even above Bond's Fire Island, Bobbi Brown’s Beach, et al.  As compared to a fellow fragrances, L'Occitane’s Neroli (too sweet) and Diptyque’s L'Eau de Neroli (rather boring), Neroli 36 easily takes the top prize. Here are Neroli 36's notes, per The Perfumed Court: rose, musk, mandarin orange (slightly aldehydic), jasmine and vanilla.   

negative You're a steel bucket, with bits of rust here and there, and you're sitting in a wet garden filled with jasmine flowers. Inside your oxidized steel frame, you're holding a batch of Fleur d'Oranger 27 by Le Labo. Your existence is dull, albeit a bit more pleasant, but unfortunately just as unwanted. Neroli 36 by Le Labo.
negative Simply put, this smells like the industrial cleaning solution they use to wash down the subway stations in my city. It's a nauseating scent. I couldn't scrub it off fast enough, and even still I can't escape the odor.
negative Not neroli or orange blossom or anything in that vicinity.   Bergamot?  Whatever it is, it is sweet, unpleasant and a real scrubber.
negative I ask this when I sample most of Le Labo's fragrances -- but seriously, where is the Neroli?  This is a floral / aldehyde mix...a very strange one at that.  Not sure how I feel about this but it's definitely not fit for a man, that's for sure.
negative After a few weeks of having Le Labo's Neroli 36, I'm still trying to figure out the intended use of this product. Unfortunately for me, I can't use it as an inviting scent since to me it smells of things that may have been expelled out of a whale and left to biodegrade on a polluted beach somewhere on the Atlantic... I mean this thing costs $220 for 100 mL... There's got to be some use for it... Maybe deep sea fishing? 
negative Not one of the better neroli fragrances I think.  The accords aren’t clear and feel a little bit sticky.  The florals are indistinct and the bouquet is not done any favors by inclusion of calone.  The fragrance is quite soapy. 
negative Slightly more agreeable than their Fleurs d'Oranger, but equally super-sweet and powdery and with a similar cleaning product vibe to it. This one has a touch of bitter almond/marzipan/heliotrope as well I think, but perhaps that's just the natural difference between neroli and orange blossom. Anyway, it makes me like it just a little bit better since I think neroli/orange blossom is more bearable when the naturally gourmand aspect of the floral note is emphasised, as opposed to when they're used in miserably failed attempts at "fresh" colognes. But sorry, I just don't dig neroli/orange blossom scents at all.

neutral Neroli 36 is a summer/beachy type scent, but the beachy effect is achieved by combining some pale, wan florals with a strong synthetic-smelling marine/aquatic/salty note that is somewhat harsh and really dumbs the fragrance down, causing it to lack any sophistication whatsoever. It smells like a dime store summer scent, yet is three times the price. This is one of several tropical/beachy type fragrances I test drove and the one I liked the least.
neutral I'm fairly unimpressed. Neroli 36 doesn't remind me much of other neroli scents. There is a vague floralness, beachyness and loads of aldehydes. Anything good here is done better by Margiela's Beach Walk
neutral A decidedly feminine scent, Neroli 36 by Le Labo is a multifaceted take on the lemony-floral note present in so many scents today.

Neroli 36 isn't the straight on Neroli that you'd expect to experience in, say, Tom Ford's bespoke collection.  It seems to be a more generally floral construction that only has a bare resemblance to classic neroli freshness. Orange blossom is more evident here, and in the end Neroli 36 waxes a bit more experimental than I'd like.

Nonetheless, it would smell nice on a lady. :-) 
neutral An initial blast of orangey sweetness, reminiscent of sun tan lotion, and then an immediate switch to a woody, reedy, artemesia note that dominates into the dry down.

I cannot detect any of the luscious notes in the profile on this page. Too bad, if I did this might have been interesting.

Luca Turin, though giving it four stars, and dubbing it a "pale floral," amusingly refers to Le Labo's penchant for mis-naming its scents. He can find no neroli in this composition and refers us to Le Labo's Fleur d'Oranger 27, which does contain the note.

As a reedy acquatic (it does contain cal one), this is acceptable. Hardly, however to be sought out among the hundreds of others out there that are far more affordable.
neutral Definitely not as much of a standout as Bergamote 22, Neroli 36 by Le Labo includes the expected soapy burst of neroli dominance but that it is so heavy in the floral notes makes it unisex to feminine, so this is a tough sell for a man to wear.  Still, it's a pretty composition with decent projection and longevity, and is probably a pleasant warm weather option for a woman.  I'd pass simply based on the how floral this is.

6 out of 10
neutral An interesting orange blossom perfume, indolic and painted green with neroli in the beginning.  It's quite salty, which is a bit of a modern touch.  It eventually dries down to a neroli/orange blossom mix over sweet soap, a mixture that reminds me of Giorgio Beverly Hills, though the salt and a hard-to-describe sort of roughness sets apart Neroli 36 from Giorgio's loud but perfectly coiffed perfumeyness.  As the flowers slowly fade, that salty hot soapy body smell comes in, bringing Neroli 36 into Fire Island territory until the florals dissipate altogether, leaving a weird salty soap base.

All in all, Neroli 36 does some interesting things.  I generally don't feel completely comfortable in heady florals, but it's actually all that salt and the kitschy hot-body-in-the-shower novelty smell that have dropped this from a thumbs up to a neutral.  It's good, but not for me.
neutral This is a pleasant, fruity, mildly floral scent that side-steps around the woodiness of neroli and the assiduously avoids the narcotic heaviness of florals.  It hints of jasmine --without the indoles -- and orange blossom -- without the hairy, animalic beastliness of orange blossom.  There's a heavy dose of Calone making it fresh as an ocean breeze.  Its better and far more interesting than most mainstream fruity florals, but I like the animalic qualities of jasmine and orange blossom and the woodiness of neroli too much to give them up.
neutral Anyone expecting a neroli based composition or a revisitation of the classic EDC, be prepared for a big disappointment. Neroli 36 is a slightly weird, transparent and subtle floral/aldehydes concoction that shares more similarities with Secretions Magnifique than with an Eau De Cologne (the matallic/watery feel is quite similar indeed). Not as challenging or shocking as the ELDO, but way too far from matching my taste.
neutral Sometimes this is a thumbs up, sometimes a neutral.

I enjoy it best when its raining out.  Seems to harmonize well with rain in that it also smells like wet sidewalk, a bit of soap, and salt water/ocean.   

People who like clean marine scents or get happy associations with the smell of wet sidewalks should give it a try.  People looking for Neroli might get disappointed.
neutral This is such a strange fragrance on my skin! Neroli 36 doesn`t remind the smell of Neroli, as others mentioned in the reviews, but it`s more of a floral metallic ambered strange creature, where the neroli aroma seem to be evoked by combining a green citric jasmine with a soapy orange aroma. The opening is the most strange thing, where you have a blast of calone without having an aquatic aroma. The aroma is strangely oceanic, slightly milky and i was shocked when i noticed that if you isolate the strange aspects of Secretion Magnifiques this is quite similar. Then, a citric floral aldehidic jasmine goes on focus, supported by a light but persistent amber fragrance. The combination seems to evoke part of the first feminine fragrance of Dolce & Gabbana, because of the aldehidic floral part, and the ambered jasmine of Alien, but with less amber and more jasmine.  There`s also something of a soapy rose, that after two hours come on focus and brings part of the calone back to the perception. Neroli 36 is like one of those fragrances that seems light at first, but that you`ll notice it the entire day in a strange mixture of flowers, ambers, aldehidics, metallic and marine aspects. Tumbs up for the complexity, tumbs down for being far from what the name suggests and for not being so pleasant. The overall experience seems sort of neutral.
positive While I've worn both the EDT and the EDP, I find I like the EDT better.  This is a sweet musk.  If you want to try musk out this is the easy way to do it.  This is a floral woody musk which is one of my favorites.  Well my favorite would be a woody musk but the florals really cause this to be a nice clean sweet scent.  It's very very girly...quite feminine. I find it easy to wear and non offensive.  I really can't imagine an occassion that this scent would not work for.  It's a beautiful day time scent that can evolve into evening where.  It could easily be a signature scent.  
positive Narciso Rodriguez line has a very distinct touch and feel – as if all the fragrances would be a part of the same idea. The thing uniting them all is Egyptian musk that Mr. Rodriguez found in his travels to Egypt and fell so hard in love with that he decided – all his fragrance line will showcase this exceptional scent, partly clean, partly animalic and very soft. 

His perfumers actually use a blend of many different synthetic musks to create the ultimate NR musk. It is done so because quite a lot of people are anosmic to one or another type of musk, and the goal here is to showcase the musk instead of allowing a part of population to be unable to smell it at all. That's why there are so many differing opinions on NR fragrances – some say they are subtle, work friendly, lovely and squeaky clean, and some say they are dirty, sexy and attention grabbing. The truth is, as almost always, somewhere in the middle. And what a gorgeous smelling middle it is!

Narciso Rodriguez For Her EDT is the first fragrance of the line and the most popular of them all. (The pink EDP bottle came a bit later and started causing the confusion, because the EDT is a black bottle which comes in a pink box, and the EDP is a pink bottle which comes in a black box... And then just think about all these identical For Her rectangles and Narciso cubes that all look identical except for the colours and the juice inside. That Narciso guy is evil and I'm sure he knows it.)

For Her EDT was created by perfumers Christine Nagel and Francis Kurkdjian in 2003 and has the top notes of Osmanthus & Orange blossom, head notes of Musk and base notes of Vetiver, Amber and Vanilla. I can't say that I'm getting any amber or vanilla here, to me For Her is a soft, purring and heartachingly beautiful musk and osmanthus scent with woody undertones that make it less fluffy and give it more character. (The pink EDP has Peach and Rose in the top notes instead of Osmanthus & Orange blossom) and is a bit fruitier, sweeter and less woody/vetiver-y than EDT. Also, EDT seems to be just as well – if not better – lasting on my skin, so choose the one you like more.) 

They're both are great, they're all are great – but For Her EDT is the one that made me fall in love with Narciso Rodriguez scents, it still makes my eyes roll back every time I sniff it, it's just so sensual and elegant and soft.

positive Smells like an advanced hairspray but acts like a real perfume. Its crisp and light but with a profound intensity that really shines. Works better on the skin than on a blotter. Wears a realm of 'vintage-perfume' charm upon its sleeve while managing to stay a pure, simple and very amicable experience. Just good.
positive Dirty, bitter flowers at first.
Mellows and sweetens in the middle.
Musky bottom with a smattering of patchouli.
Finishes nicely, overall.
positive This scents like my Grandmother's sheets. They were laundered in a 60's floral detergent. Hung dry in the clean country air. Folded and placed in a Cedar chest. 
Now they smelled strongly of Cedar and the Floral was faint in the background.

This is opposite, Floral is in your face and Cedar in the background. Ultimately this is Woody Aroma Chemical (WAC)Saccharine.
It gets a thumbs up because it reminds me of my Gran. 
Don't know that I would wear it or have my wife wear it though.
positive Gauzy abstract white floral with a nice peachy voluptuousness about it and a comforting milky undertow. Has something of the siren lure of Rush without the latter’s pushiness. This is squarely mainstream made in the highly buffed manner of 1970s mixed florals, but when it’s done right, hey it’s the kind of perfume to spray on and head to the nearest convivial social gathering. 
Smells soft and welcoming to bystanders. Lots of airy musks involved but deployed well in the service of the floral notes. So smoothly executed, it’s a safe buy for purchasers of designer florals, but it also has the ability to remain interesting to those of more particular tastes provided they approach it with open minds.
(Review for EDT.) 

positive Found a sample of this in a drawer, and never having worn it decided to spray it on. Quite feminine and 'girly' of course, but also quite nice too, especially in the opening. Getting a lot of musk from this, along with the florals (rose and iris, two that I can live with). Younger or older women could wear this, and probably a man could too, if he were so inclined. Not sure that's me, but this is quite a good designer release, in my opinion.
positive It's perfumes like this one that give me an all new appreciation for rose. (Heck, and musk!) These two dominant notes aren't ones I typically seek out or go weak in the knees for, but here they're just so soft, feminine and pretty. It does have a freshly laundered quality - clean, warm. After a while, the rose wanes a bit and peach and sandalwood come out to play. For me, peach and sandalwood are a great match that always go so well together, and there's no exception here. This is when it goes from powdery to a little more creamy, as well.

Somehow, this reminds me a lot of Midnight Oud by Juliette Has A Gun. Much less woody, but the rose in each fragrance stampedes through your senses just the same way. And, both fragrances remind me of walking through the woods in the springtime - trees and bushes just bursting with fresh blooming flowers. Feminine, sensual yet inoffensive - It makes for a versatile scent that can be worn for just about any occasion.
positive Salutation.

When i first smelled this EDT captivated my senses immediately. It is more Lovely than Male Version and Less Romantic than EDP Version.I am loving this scent.Everything about this product is NICE. Sultry,Sophisticated, Heady,Hot,Provocative,Little Sweet, Creamy,Modern,Feminine and Heavy.

When you enter the Room heads turn and people want to know what that Mysterious fragrance is? Sharp Opening.Orange blassom and Light amber supported by Warmth of Bergamot in the Top notes.NR is a really beautiful dark floral for me.

Generally it it chic and exudes Seduction yet maintains a Hypnotic presence.I would Highly Recommend this EDT with assurance that you wouldn't be disappointed if you are a Smart LADY and definitely 25/40 years old.It is ideal for a SPECIAL occasion in a WINTER Evening.

Sillage?Great.

Longevity?Very Good on my skin.

7.5/10 
positive I was prompted to write a review of 'For Her' after smelling 'For Women' (white bottle) a few days ago.
This is the one (FH) with good sillage and elusive musks, the EDP is peachier with definite stickability.
The EDT is the equivalent of a Toyota Corolla, ubiquitous, rust free, user friendly with good economy. It lacks imagination but statistics show it benefits from repeat purchasers, and you can soup it up with the 'In colour' or 'Musc Intense' add-ons that men love, like a leather bound steering wheel or Recaro seats. That men love this is not in question, my husband loves the sillage hours after I have put it on.
Let's face it, it's a must have, it's your favourite pair of jeans or possibly your favourite pair of knickers; you, but better, with Narciso at the leather bound steering wheel, cruising the Napa valley, tasting astringent wines that mellow with age, For Her in a Toyota Corolla.

positive It was only seconds after first applying Narciso Rodriguez for Her that I realized I’d need to spend some time with it. It’s appeal was immediate, but not easy for me to fathom. Its profile is distinctive and instantly recognizable,  yet every time I wear Narciso Rodriguez for Her I smell echoes of other scents. So while it does not smell at all like Angel, it shares partly in Angel’s uninhibited flamboyance, and completely in its willingness to play games with gender expectations. The animalic musk and woods at the core of Narciso Rodriguez for Her are no less “masculine” than the patchouli-soaked woody oriental accord beneath Angel’s fruity florals. 

On another wearing it occurs to me that Narciso Rodriguez for Her is a sort of modernist gloss on Chanel’s Bois des Îles, from apricot-inflected osmanthus and orange blossom top notes that reflect the Chanel’s peach and neroli, to the parallel construction of its musk and reconstructed sandalwood drydown. The “modernism” manifests itself in simpler construction, comfort with exposing blatantly chemical ingredients, and an overall sense of comparative bluntness.  If Bois des Îles is rendered in oils, Narciso Rodriguez for Her is an acrylic painting. Likewise, to borrow an anatomical metaphor, where Bois des Îles displays a glowing, unblemished skin, Narciso Rodriguez for Her reveals the skeleton beneath. 

These echoes of genre-defining woody oriental predecessors detract not a bit from the pleasure of wearing this scent. Perhaps that’s because, for all its embrace of the obviously synthetic,  Narciso Rodriguez for Her exhibits sufficient  balance and integrity to convince on its own terms. Too bad Rodriguez followed this up with the relatively insipid Narciso Rodriguez for Him. They’d have done better just to amp up the vetiver in this, put it in a different bottle, and sell it to the guys as well.

positive This is a review on EDP; the pink bottle.

My favourite perfume at the moment. 
It is unique & sexy. It has prominent rose & orange blossom notes but it’s not like a typical old lady’s scent; with the musky base notes, it is feminine and sensual and definitely for the women with confidence. It has really luxurious floral scents and smells absolutely beautiful on me. 

Years ago, in early spring, when I was strolling around Valencia city (Spain) enjoying the lit up historical buildings in the night, I ended up in the plaza with several stalls selling flowers. All the colourful spring flowers were radiant in the dark and, as I passed them, I was enveloped in the composite of floral scents filling the air. This fragrance reminds me of the magical feeling of that night.

I adore it!
positive EDT. Really nice. Feminine, but could easily be worn by a daring male.
positive Shouts it is a Kurkdjian work, has signature of him overall. It reminds me a mix of Lumiere Noire pour Homme&pour Femme, but of course leaning to the feminine side. Very classy and women who discover and wear this is very lucky (NR being not very popular brand here in my land) 
positive I think this scent is delightful. Light, sexy, with just a tiny bit of sparkle. 

Yes, it smells delightful--in the bottle. 

It smells nonexistent on my skin. I can barely smell anything. Other people can barely smell anything. They have to jam their noses right up against my skin to smell anything at all--a ghost of a scent. Heartbreaking. 

I have ben reduced to obsessively sniffing the bottle for my high. 

This is no way to live. 
positive Like walking into a florist's shop at midnight. Dense, musky, tropical flowers and foliage. Quite dreamy, for some reason it causes a nostalgic emotion in me. I get visions of Elizabeth Taylor and troubled love...uh, where was I?...this scent is very boudoir-like and old-fashioned. Also, doesn't have top quality composition, tends to fall apart in the end and display the hem of its synthetic underskirt.
positive This is for the EDT.
Words cannot accurately describe this fragrance. It is now my signature scent. 
It is sheer, somewhat translucent; yet very present, comforting in an exciting way(!), and concealingly enveloping. Very tactile indeed. It starts with a dominant note that I cannot identify at all, sort of like a incensey/smokey ghost note that can't be grasped. It has a "warm skin" quality that dominates, but not sun-kissed, as this is a night time scent for sure. The "ghost note" makes room for orange blossom, musk, woods and a few others I'm not familiar with. The honey flower note seems to last the longest on my skin. 

negative "I will return to Paris tomorrow evening. Don't wash," wrote Napolean to Josephine.

This fragrance is what she smelled like...
negative It starts as one of my worst nightmares: a flare of flowers, especially jasmine and  orange blossom the way I hate them (I can't exactly explain how it is  but I could recognize it everywhere: sharp, oily, dirty in an uninteresting way,sickly sweet...).
I barely keep myself from scrubbing the fragrance from my arm when something familiar for me emerges and...it's Dyptique Ofresia I'm smelling!! The same peppery and wet, transparent woody notes that I loved so much for a couple of years, long ago, before breaking a half full bottle on the bathroom floor and beginning to loathe it. This one doesn't even need spilling: the base notes, annoyingly long lasting, soon turn chemical and soapy, rendering the fragrance quite nasty for me.

neutral I'm rating the EDP. 

It's disappointing. It smells good. A lot of floral, mostly Lilly of the valley. Everything is soft in it. Light. Too light. Sillage and longevity should be a lot better, especially for an EDP. This review would be positive if there was more, because the scent itself is lovely, but you can't enjoy it.

I smelled the EdT now and it's slightly better. It lasts longer and it's got a nice plum touch. 
neutral This is VERY fruity/floral!

I had only smelled the oil prior to obtaining this (Iridescent) bottle as well as the white cube shaped bottle, so these were both very new to me.

The reviews are all over the place for many of the scents from this house, and I wonder if part has to do with not knowing which scent we are actually describing - even here, I am forced to say I own a bottle that I don't, as it is the closest one to the bottle that I DO own, since someone did not think it was different enough to offer it its own "line item". That is perhaps fine, but I just rated the NON-iridescent EDP - not the EDT or the Iridescent (which is what I have and INTEND to rate). I really do hope someone gets where I am going with this on the MANY levels I am taking it...MANY LEVELS.

Anyway, as far as scent goes, I liked it ok, but I believe this is way more of a fruity floral than I was lead to believe (a difficult genre for me when done by the best), or my nose is really off - plausible...but I would bet money that this house is designed to target the "under 40" ladies, so I feel very certain that I am not this house's demographic. 
neutral This starts with a fresh and fruity rose note, which is given a slight sharpness by a musky undertone that at times has hint of patchouli attached to it - with a nigh-chypre-ish touch at times. The drydown includes a refreshing neroli, developing into a base of a sweeter vanilla core.

The opening, not without originality, is my favourite part, but the rest is a tad boring on my skin and to me overly synthetically-biochemically designed.  I get  moderate sillage, good projection and six hours of longevity.  2.5/5


neutral Inspired by a musk oil Rodriguez found in the middle east, this was his initial scent and can be categorized as a floral chypre with an emphasis on the use of musk. This information is supplied by Roja Dove.

Rose and Peach can be detected in the opening, with Osmanthus and Neroli in the heart.
Vetiver and Amberlyn plus vanilla make up the base.

Turin called it a "radiant woody" and gave it four stars, noting its success for "mating a big, somewhat masculine patchouli-musk to…orange blossom floral."

I found it to be a light floral with a hint of milky musk.  Perfectly pleasant, but nothing special.

Top notes: Rose, Peach, Musk
Heart notes: Neroli, Osmanthus
Base notes: Vetiver, Amberlyn, Vanilla
neutral I read the many rave reviews on this perfume and after a long consideration ,I decided to take the plunge and buy it without ever trying this on .I purchased the Gift Set from Nordstrom that includes the EDT 3.4 ounces,Purse Mini Spray 10ml, and body cream 30 ml.I was quite nervous about loving this, as I paid $109. Well,I have to say that I am pretty happy with this perfume and it is a lovely, enchanting fragrance. Very woodsy, sulky and musky, definately fall/winter/evening perfume. However...........This is an almost identical fragrance to another perfume which I simply adore, Believe by Britney Spears. Only, Believe does not develop into a lingering barber's shaving cream smell at the dry down . I have no idea why this is, maybe the tactile musk/solar musk blend?I have to admit that Narsico Rodruiqez EDT appears to be a softer, creamier and overall more well rounded/ subtler version of Believe by Britney Spears. It has somewhat soapy, shampoo-y finish . I love patchouli and in both perfumes patchouli is quite pronounced ,much more so in Believe. Believe is sharper and less complex, yet I still found it to be more feminine that NR. Would I buy NR EDT for Her again?I am not sure. I would probably buy its sibling Believe by Britney Spears instead, that is much better value for money at $40 for 3.4 ounces and also has better staying power.Would I enjoy wearing NR for Her?Definately,it is a good perfume,just not something I am insanely crazy about.
neutral Tried this out at Sephora in the rollerball version. I was taken by surpriseat first sniff. It was really interesting and different from most of the fragrances that Canadian Sephora carries. The top notes are my favourite part of the whole thing.

And then it quickly falls apart. It started smelling really synthetic, and it reminded me of some cheap hair products.

Does anyone know a good alternative that smells like the top notes of NR for Her?
neutral If you like egyptian musk this is for you. This is what it smells like. My husband bought this for me and he loves it. Im not against egyptian musk as I use to wear in the oil form so it's okay. 
neutral Oh how I wanted to like this fragrance.  All the build up, the publicity, the "Sex in a Bottle", etc. and all I got was pure musk.  No florals, wood notes, just pure musk, like a bottle of Jovan Musk oil.  It was not disgusting or vile, just not worth the hefty price tag when you can get Jovan Musk oil at the corner drug store.  
neutral This fragrance is nice, pleasant, inoffensive, a bit different and interesting, but not remarkable. Do I detect Lilly Of The Valley somewhere in the mix? It avoids the trap of the sickening sweetness that every other fragrance of the day seems to be falling into.
neutral i cannot smell it at all on my skin, however not a bad scent . 
altough i cannot detect anything in this perfume( it is too light for me, almost invisible) my cat was obsessed sniffing my wrist(which is a scary fact, imagine what is inside this thing..)! 
neutral I really like this fragrance but surely I am not alone in thinking it is a slightly more refined and dare I say it, sanitised version of a cross between Strip & Agent Provocateur? That is why I'd give it a neutral rather than definite thumbs up - to my nose, this has been done before.
positive Irresistible super sophisticated concoction, one of the best "things" of the modern perfumery (I talk about the juice in the pink bottle, the EDP version, the one I've tested on my skin and that my girlfriend has worn for a period few years ago). First of all this is different, really different from the modern gassy-plastic lollipop kind new feminine concoctions around. Chic and glamour. The aroma is neither gourmand nor caramellous or powdery-synthetic (anyway in a sheer way), is instead averagely sharp, musky and slightly balmy but with a touch of classic exoticism and an outstanding floral discreet  sophistication. This is a modern fragrance that expresses a traditional , indipendent and solitary concept of femininity. The scent is musky, very musky and rosey with key roles played by orange blossoms, bergamot and amber. The mystery is enhanced by a silent lush sambac jasmine while the extreme sophistication owns a secret with the name of iris (anyway that's what i think). The aroma is at the same time erotic (may be also a touch of honey is hidden in the blend), sensual, almost corporeal, intimate and ethereal...a rarity. Something laundry and soapy, may be the combination of rose, iris and musk, sparkles in the air exuding from the complicated wake of orangy, rosey and ambery musk, sandalwood and hyper lush osmanthus. The femininity is intimate and a bit mysterious. A touch of vanilla and patchouli imprints more depth and silence. I figure on mind the image of a young, discreet girl elusive in the shadow.
positive One of the very few interesting compositions of the last decade among the designer's range. NR for Her is a tremendously radiant concoction of woods and flowers (mainly orange blossoms) laying on a masculine musky base. Its main appeal lies in its incredible distinctiveness made of an unmannered beauty and charme. Elegant but not affected, NR for Her takes immediately the distance from nowadays clean fragrances by introducing a bold ambery/musky base that continuely winks at many classic compositions from the past. At the same time its perfect balance and refinement make of NR For Her a very versatile fragrance that's perfect for both younger crowds as well as for mature wearers. Very good.

Let someone who's not into perfume smell this, and if he/she likes it you just discovered a new potential perfumista. A contemporary classic.
positive This is a dark, warm,and sexy fragrance. Not much floral in it at all on me. Sadly, it doesn't last as long as I wish it would. But I love it while it's there. 
positive This is one of my favorites.  A very sexy smell.  Maybe a bit too much honey flower (or whatever that is that smells like honey) for my taste.
positive It took me many years to warm up to this fragrance but I finally did. The white patchouli note in the base used to really jump out at me too much, so I never really tried wearing it. when I finally did I was so pleasantly surprised! it really calmed down on my skin, and turned into a unique and wearable fragrance. I think LT called it a "radiant wood", and that sounds about right. The osmanthus note is very very pretty, and this fragrance is a compliment-getter. Not the rarest scent out there, but a very special scent to me.
positive This review is for the EDT in the black bottle...

Wow!! I think this is pure sex in a bottle. At least it is for me! Beautiful, lusty, ambery musk at first...and then a sweet floral dry-down that teases and teases. 

During the first two hours of wearing this, it occurred to me that it smelled how I wanted a masculine cologne to smell on a woman. I realize that doesn't make much sense...but...I have a fascination with cologne and sometimes I think I have found the perfect masculine scent for me, and then, oh no, I find something about it I can't stand. The top and heart of this fragrance made me think about this because of its beautiful musk accord.

Beyond that, it does have a very unique floral dry-down, which is very interesting, as most perfumes are vice-versa. I'm not big into strong florals, but NR's trail suited me just fine...even wearing a suit today! It made me feel feminine, confident, AND sexy. 

Lasted almost ten hours, too, which is very impressive in my book. Now I see what all the hype was about!

Jan
13
2009 

positive (Edp Review)

I was waiting for a fragrance like this, honestly, today floral scents are beautiful but so weak, i still need some heavy and aggressive fragrance, just to feel alive again. In this case Narciso Rodriguez For Her definitely fulfill my expectations..

The initial notes are fairly woody and intense, then after a while powdery flowers with a strong presence of musk begin to bloom. The powerlasting is good. Just to add: This scent is not for everyone.
positive This fragrance is amazing, one of my all time favorites. The woody and musky overtones create a very sensuous and sophisticated fragrance, perfect for a night out. NR for her is all class. 
positive This parfume has got notes that are not easyly distinguishable. I couldn't say exactly what makes this scent smell of "woman". I can't detect fruits, flowers, or woods in its olfactive pyramid. There is a sort of unrecognisable ingredient that makes NR4her a sofisticated product. In my opinion this is a sign of modernity. Too bitter and "dirty" for me, but very nice.
positive I agree with angelica when she says that it's the 21st century's No 5! NR for her is so feminine, classy , radiant, modern but also traditionnal in its perfection and conception!Try it!
positive The 21st century's No 5...................................
positive I liked it. It is a well blended creamy musky and close to skin scent but is not weak or transparent. None of the notes hits your nose or comes front, has a nice harmony ;just a good choir would have. This harmony reminds me of the very first scent i had in high school; Babe was also so well blended that a friend of mine was suprised to see it is a perfume. It smelled a lot like skin and less like any common note. Whitemusk when balanced with fruits can do the magic. but do not take it easy as it has been tried thousands of times before and very rare of them got the justifiable repute of Narciso Rodriguez for Her.
positive After sampling the EDT and EDP several times on many occasions, I'd have to conclude that both seem to be very different scents altogether. Personally I prefer the EDP which I find creamier, much richer, more powdery, and has a more distinct floral sweetness to it. Both are synthetic smelling but in a good way like Clinique's Happy for Women. To me there isn't a hint of fruits at all in both concentrations. 
positive I am fascinated by the wildly confliciting opinions this perfume generates. I have to say I didn't think much of the EDT or EDP, not bad but nothing to make me charge for the register either. However, I am addicted to musks, and oils in particular work well for me. So I went for the Musc for Her, I think the scent translates so much better in this form, it's smoother, prettier, richer but still quiet. On me it's a innocent clean floral musk, a daytime fragrance . I just don't get the sexy vibe others mention. I guess my sexy is a little dirtier. I think it's quite pricey for a strictly daytime scent, however, the quality is there, the oil is thick, the scent is concentrated - just a dab or two really will do you all day. The packaging - opaque black bottle in a sturdy reusable black box is perfect for storing indefinately and even though I use this as frequently as any of my others, it will easily outlast them all.     
positive The one in the black bottle. You know that heady, invincibly sexy feeling you get when you're just the right shade of tipsy, the night is young, and you're looking like a million bucks? If that feeling were a fragrance, NR would be it.
positive it's the amber that is its downfall.  i can handle strong orientals and chypre and a light musk.  but without fail, an amber note will give me a headache and have me running to wash it off.  I love smelling it in the bottle.  but once it gets on my skin, i can't stand it.  
positive This review is for the EDT, which is the superior version of the two.The first words that came to mind upon smelling this on a smelling strip were:- Radiant- SeraphicOn wearing, it feels like the radiance of the sun at noon in an early spring day.It also smells like a niche perfume (Tocca's Cleopatra). Does not smell like SJP's Lovely at all to me (not too impressed with that one).This is marketed a feminine? Could've a fooled female coworker who thought it's a men's.Note: Tried the EDT. Not impressed with the EDP - cannot smell the EDP much at all, even after a few hours. The EDT lasts for 6-8 hours.
positive My fiance loves this scent - he apparently read about it in some or other men's glossy, tested it at the perfume boutique and came back weak-kneed.  I went hunting for it to test and I was not disappointed.  I like "ghost" fragrances - ones that are unusual ("not safe") and not overpowering (ones that people don't immediately comment on but ones that linger in a person's imagination until they smell the perfume somewhere else or on someone and immediately get reminded of you).  My signature perfume is Euphoria by Calvin Klein.  I have only used 2 perfumes in my entire lifetime: Tommy Girl by Hilfiger and now Euphoria.  My other favorite is Alien by Thierry Mugler and now, Narciso Rodriguez for Her EDP.  I love Rodrigues solely because it smells elegant without being girly and overtly feminine and it has the "ghost" effect.  For a perfume snob, Narciso has done very well.  I love it.

negative Heavy, cloying, strong, overly sweet oriental. Headache-inducing for me, had to scrub this.
negative Not a fan. Starts off very strong, has a synthetic weird smell like an old fashion hair product---maybe dipity-do! 
negative I got the EDT after reading these reviews, and simillar ones elsewhere. As i luuuw musky scents, i had high hopes for this one. But, there was only this high pitch synthetic note taking over the whole show. No musk at all. I dont know what that dominating note is, as im a perfume novice. But my OH my, it got the power!!! After four scrubs under the sink and two showers, its was finally gone. This makes me wonder; how come my fav perfumes doesnt stay on my skin that long?
negative I had great hopes for this(edp) for the first 5 minutes.Each time I tried it, the opening was an interesting play of floral notes---then a sour note reared up and dominated all for the next eon. Icky orange flower?? So I scrubbed it.  
negative I tried to like this one, the bottle is pretty, and I heard it was like Lovely, which I also wanted to like.But they smell overwhelmingly strong to me, like bugspray.  I don't know which component is giving that bitter smell, I feel there are other notes that are nice, but I had to return it to the store.  Glad Sephoragave me my money back.

neutral Narciso Rodriguez for Her EDP, is quite possibly one of the muskiest perfumes I've ever experienced.

This fragrance tends to be warm, subtly sweet, feminine, clean, and of course, musky. For some, Narciso Rodriguez for Her is animalistic and sexy. In my opinion, this fragrance is musky in a clean and old-fashioned sense. Don't get me wrong, this is not a scent just for 'old ladies'. It just doesn't scream 'sex' to me.

Occasionally I am anosmic to musk, so there are some moments when I can't smell Narciso Rodriguez. Every now and then I catch a subtle whiff of this scent which is certainly pleasant, but not to my personal tastes.

This fragrance smells dusty on my skin. It makes me think of a dark, crowded attic that hasn't seen the light in years. This relation is possibly due to my connection of musk to closed-up, suffocating, deserted houses.

This fragrance is not all bad, it's just disappointing due to all the hype. I don't sense many floral notes in the composition unfortunately. It's mostly musky woods to my nose.

Even in the EDP concentration, the sillage and lasting strength are rather average. I can understand Narciso Rodriguez for Her and its appeal, however I believe it is very much an acquired taste, that I don't have.


neutral First impression is good, but then the scent begins to smell like soap.
Nice try, but not good enough.
neutral I must be anosmic to the musks in this because this smells almost precisely like nothing on me. Correction: it smells some Egyptian musk oil that has already been showered off. I get just the faintest aroma out of this, but what I can smell is quite lovely. Seems like it would be one of the nicest choices you could make at the department store these days. I'll never buy this one for obvious reasons - rather an expensive way to smell like nothing, plus I cringe at the thought of obliviously gassing out innocent passers-by with massive doses of this. Drat. Makes me wonder what other lovely things I'm not smelling & don't know about? 
neutral This is for the Musc Oil for her version.I am anosmic to the musc in this which makes me sad. I can only get a faint floral note and vanilla. What I do smell is delicious and I only which I could smell more......:(
neutral I was surprised to discover that I really don't like this. It starts out fruity/floral a la Badgley Mischka and then morphs into Lolita Lempicka minus the anise. Interesting, but not compelling, inspiring or beautiful enough to purchase. 
neutral After reading reviews on Basenotes I was inspired to order an EDP sample from TPC.  I am disappointed that on my skin Narciso Rodriguez smells nothing like other people's experiences of it.  A subdued pleasant enough rose note. No musk that I can detect.   My skin's chemistry just doesn't work with this fragrance I guess...
neutral A light floral, reminded me of a garden full of honeysuckle, with a pleasant musk drydown - but not evocative or particularly interesting to my nose. Tom Ford's White Patchouli is a fuller, richer and smoother take on this kind of sensuality.
positive I have the EDP as a gift back in 2003, I still have it.  It's sophiscated, subtle and youthful unisex scent.  It can easily be mistaken as one of Serge Lutens creations.  A quiet warm woody oriental scent.  It has a nice depth of musc and complimented by all these ingredients all blended so well together, that musk eventually becomes skin scent.  A little pleasantly bitterness to my nose. Mmmmm....  Despite the fact that it's been around for awhile, and has been popular for awhile, like Envy and many other great creations, I should judge it as it is, a thumb up for Narciso Rodriguez for Her!
positive One of the most beautiful scents I've ever experienced. It's deep, feminine and extremely sexy. I have to agree with "hester" that it is a very intimate smell. It's so earthy and dusky, but also so smooth. It is very similar to SJP's Lovely, but it's not as flirty and light... it's much more sensual. One of my friends had a whiff of it and described it as 'mesmerizing' - i totally agree with her. Definitely makes the top 3 of my all-time favourite scents!
positive A nicely crafted fragrance, yet it smells very old. Like very old. It is the choice of many young women (a lot of friends of mine use it), yet I haven't met anyone that this frag suits. It is just too safe and smells very tired to my nose. Like insignificant. Gorgeous bottle though, true work of minimalist art. I wish the juice had matched the container.  
positive I have the EDT - I'm confused about this scent, because I see the EDP advertised with different scent notes - anyone know what's up with that???  Anyway, I LOVE the scent of the EDT and it works just perfectly for me - I love the little touch of honey you get right at the start of it, and the bits of woodiness that gradually seep in as the day progresses.  This is a perfect scent for summer ... or for recalling summer during the winter.  Lovely stuff.
positive So finally I got the Narciso Rordigues for Her, almost two years after it´s release in my country! It took a while to be able to try the EdP, that is why. On my skin the EdT and the oil don´t come out at all, but the EdP do instead! The EdP is a high quallity perfume, really longlasting, and keeping it´s tone all the way! Perhaps this is what I like the very most about this perfume! It is quite silent, but there all the time! I wonder if this is a summerfrag as well, I hope so! Two thumbs up for Narciso Rodrigues for Her EdP.
positive There can be nothing as sexy as this (I prefer the EDT)! A gay friend said it smells lovely, very intimate and 'like womens' underwear' (because he'd know!). I adore how this throws a cashmere-ey veil around me, how you mustn't try to get too close to smell it, how it radiates woman and sex and love.... mmmmmmmm! It could get too sweet on hot days, though, definitely, and its presence is stronger than the wearer suspects (must be the musk). If only it were at all affordable! In South Africa it's very much at the top end, price-wise.UPDATE: I bought it! The big bottle, too! Now I'm (perhaps unwisely) wearing it on an unseasonably hot day. We'll see how that pans out, but I sprayed with abandon last night, and this morning I still smelled like the best thing on earth. The way this stuff merges with your skin! LOVE.
positive An incredibly beautifully floral fragrance.  The balance and refinement is exquisite.   The opening presents a simple and direct use of orange blossom and osmanthus supported by the elegant ambers and vanilla of the heart notes.  The longevity of the top two levels is superb and the movement from top to middle, from middle to base is seamless.  The base completely measures up to the excellence that preceded it: an exquisite woods and musk transparency.   Without a doubt, Narciso Rodriguez is already a classic.
positive This perfume is so special.  The first time I discovered it, a sample body cream, I had to have it.  It has become my signature fragrance.  Yes the EDT and EDP are quite different, but yet the same!  The EDP definitely has a rosey aspect to it and a little more intense.  Love the drydown to that sun baked sand, amber, honey, so comforting.  I love the body cream also.  It's expensive, but worth every penny.  Couldn't be without this one.
positive I've only tried the EDT version, and enjoy it. A creamier, sexier version of SJP's Lovely (though NR came first). A sophisticated musk, it would be appropriate day or evening, in most situations.  I don't find it particularly sexy, but rather classic and and ladylike.
positive This is my current "go-to" fragrance.  I rarely wear anything else.  I own the EDP.  I found it sweeter on my skin, as it has a heavier "honey" note than then EDT.  Dry down is heavenly.... its currently been almost 20 hours since I put it on this morning.  It seems to have become part of my skin, as I can still sense it every time I brush my hair out of my face. 
positive After compulsively buying this wonderful Musc oil, and rationalizing "everything is expensive" now-a-days, and then having a wee guilt attack after...especially realizing I probably wasn't going to eat well this next week at the loss of $150...I must say I'd buy "Her" again in a heartbeat. I have been trolling for new fragrances these last few weeks, and been mostly disappointed in the lion's share of scents I could find locally. I asked myself what I used to like and wear when I was a young girl...would I still like those same things? Ahh, I remember...musks! Back in the 70s and 80s, when musk reigned supreme, natural was "in", and we were all in touch with the earth. The memories were happy and compelling. Then I found NR "Her Musc" and have been bowled over, taken prisoner, and scent-washed beyond redemption. A very quiet, rich, floral musc that merges with your own oils to create a warm exuberance on the skin. No sickeningly sweet anything here. Earthy, sexy, natural (much more sophisticated than those I used to wear!), and simply hedonistic. I couldn't ask for more...I'm still a musc girl in every way. The staying power of "Her" is unending...it's there until you wash it off...always quiet, always softly wafting nearly unconsciously through the brain. I also plan on buying the EDT or EDP at some point...they're beautiful as well...but I'm in no hurry...I've captured the weightier soul of the fragrance in this oil, and can wait for the lighter side until it beckons. I relish this find, and love wearing this nearly perfect fragrance. Notes:Honey Flower, Solar Musk, Orange Blossom, Osmanthus, Amberlyn, Vanilla, Tactile Musk, Tactile Woods, Vetiver.
positive This is a sexy, almost animalistic scent, yet at the same time very feminine, in an old-fashioned, classic perfume manner. The combination of the two - animalistic and feminine/ladylike results in a unique scent with true 'va-voom'!
positive This is a very seductive fragrance, a passing, over-the-shoulder glance in a floor-length gown. The EDT starts very rich, dark but not confusing or overpowering. An atypical musk accord, amber, and sweet woods combine to create a dense fragrance, a dark veil of sensuality. Similar (yet richer) to my nose in philosophy to Prada's feminine amber. 
positive For Her edt is a clean pretty musk on me but also has depth from honeyed notes and woods which I can't pick out. I used to own SJP Lovely as well as For Her but gave that one away because it was too light in comparison. I would describe For Her as a 'comfortably sexy in your own skin' scent.
positive I must say that I was shocked by the beauty of this fragrance.  Not only is this a high quality frag, I smells like a real rose not an interpretation of what rose smells like.  Very classy.
positive I wear the musc oil and love it. Did not care as much for the edt and the edp, which were somehow too heavy. The musc oil is whisper-light, sweet and clean smelling on me. It is pricey but worth it, IMO. It stands above the cheaper Egyptian musks out there. 
positive I was inspired by many of the threads I have read lately and had to try this.  In every other perfume I have, I prefer the EDP or perfume, but with this one I chose for the first time the EDT.  I fell in love at first sniff and I usually do not like musk, but this is so special and sexy.  I highly recommend it, but only if you can wear musk.  This is very mild, but lasted all evening and was still there in the morning.  Just love it!
positive I first smelled Narciso Rodriquez in Paris and I was intoxicated!  It was so chic, so sexy.  Very heady.  I felt like such an urban sophisticate.  I couldn't stop sniffing my wrist.  I imagined lying in bed smelling like this all over.  And then i bought the EDT (black bottle)  As I began using it, however, the drydown is an acrid Egyptian musk.  Just like the oil from the street vendors.  It immediatly makes my sinuses explode and I get a headache.  The fragrance is hard to remove.  But I love the way it smells...  I sampled the EDP (pink bottle) and the acrid smell is not there.  There is less musk and more flowers.  No headache.  For those of you who love the perfume but hate the headache, try the EDP.  Stay away from the EDT.
positive Narciso Rodriguez (EDP in the pink bottle) is one of the new "pink chypres," which is formulated without the "classic chypre" combination of bergamot + real oakmoss/treemoss + patchouli + labdanum and other, various assorted green, fruit, floral, and wood notes.  This new genre is not as wild and untrammeled, nor as pungent and unpredictable as the classic chypres could sometimes be.  However it succeeds in creating the delectible sweet/sour, salty/bitter, wet/dry contrasts that make a chypre so great . Narciso Rodriguez EDP is concocted of creative synthetic notes, but I smell rose, peach, vetiver, and musk.  As a man-made scent, it retains its characteristics and stays true from start to finish.  I am a fanatic for chypres and own and wear many, both new and old, well-known and niche.  (See my wardrobe.)  My teenage daughter thinks most of them smell too "old" for her, but she fell in love with a little pink tester of Narciso Rodrigurez (not the black bottle, which is a honey/orange blossom/musk and lacks the rose/peach note.)  I think this is a fine introduction to chypres for the young generation.  Good job.
positive Love this one, it reminds me of Lovely by Sarah Jessica Parker. The EDP is more fruitier then the EDT, love the EDP version more because the fresher notes seem to stay longer. It may occur strange but I often use this one in combination with Cristalle... everyone wants to know what I'm wearing because it's gorgeous!! 
positive I love this fragrance. It is so gorgeous and intriguing. The notes of honey and solar musk are to die for. 

negative Since no one has given a list of notes for this, I will do so, per Sephora:  Honey Flower, Solar Musk, Orange Blossom, Osmanthus, Amberlyn, Vanilla, Tactile Musk, Tactile Woods, Vetiver.     Regrettably, I am in the minority who feels sickened by the smell of this perfume.   So I can’t recommend it.   
negative Not my cup of tea. It smells like grape hyacinths (Muscari) + a big brioche (yeast!). It is not sexy at all, it's "yeasty". 
negative Don't like this one at all, it literally makes me sick to my stomach
negative I agree with with several of the oppinions posted above -  when I have this on, the smell of it on my skin makes me ill. I love florals, so I can't imagine it is the jasmine...there's something about the notes in the dry down that really don't agree with me. Just muskiness, but not in a good way. That said, I've smelled it on others and it was lovely. 
negative I was very disappointed in this.  It contains many of my favorite notes, but as soon as I put it on - I regretted it.  I tried to be a sport and give it a chance, but I ended up running to the sink to wash it off.  It made me sick almost immediately.  Not to mention it turned kind of "old lady perfume" on me.  I'm really sad that this didn't work on me.

neutral I got a sample of NR edt recently and I have to say it doesn’t really live up to my expectations, its price or the extraordinary beautiful bottle. I expected something muskier, more potent and interesting. But in reality, this is a very delicate fragrance that reminds me of floral deodorants, except that NR edt lasts longer. The opening notes are mildly smoky, and there’s some greenness to it, possibly vetiver. This fragrance makes me think of spring and breezy, sunny days. It isn’t something I’d call sensual or sexy, like some other reviewers have, but I find it quite pretty and inoffensive. We all have our definition of sensuality, so if yours is like mine, on the dark side (Youth Dew, Knowing, Japanese Musk, Lush Ginger) you probably won’t be that impressed by NR edt. Orange blossom is the star in this scent, and except for the longevity NR isn’t much different from considerably cheaper Orange Blossom by Yves Rocher. I can’t detect other more prominent notes in this. There’s some warmth in the drydown, but not enough for me to find this full-bottle worthy. For people who don’t like strong fragrances, try this one- it’s a soft and fresh floral. NR is of the prettier of its kind, but simply not for me.
neutral I absolutley love this perfume. I have tried the EDT and the EDP and the EDP is slightly sweeter, more floral rather than musky and less fresh and breezy, but I think this adds a bit of depth and energy to it. The staying power of the EDT was really really dissapointing on me- only about an hour (and thats being generous), even if i used the shower gel and body lotion, so really not worth the money, as it is quite expensive compared to other perfumes in department stores. I have not yet tried the EDP for longetivity yet though. I hope it is better. 
neutral I like this perfume lots, but not one of my all time faves and here is why. Its smells quite generic, very similar to lots of others e.g SJP as Heidi also commented. It is ideal in my opinion for the office, not special enough for a date. OK for shopping, but not for the theatre.(get my drift?) Having said that, I will probably buy it again when this bottle runs out. It is a nice combination of mossy, musky, floral and fruits. Whew!! I am definitely going to try Heidi's idea of combining it with Crystalle though.
neutral I've tried both the EDT and the EDP and I have to admit that the EDT smells a whole lot nicer than the latter. Although the it is gorgeous and incredibly inviting especially with its musky end notes (something that I absolutely adore in my perfumes), its staying power on my skin is so disappointing that I just couldnt make myself buy it, despite of its lovely smell.
positive Having lots of reviews can help to aggragate the overall notes and impressions of a fragrance for those who are interested in or contemplating partaking of a particular scent. With Farenheit there is such a polarized reaction it is astounding. Such deep reverence and such complete loathing. For the same fragrance, Farenheit. Having learned that some fragrances take a few wears to 'get' and understand, and finally be able to enjoy I took the plunge.

Farenheit(1988)
I mow. I have a gas lawnmower. It's old and has grass clippings caked on it. I'm kinda sloppy when I put gas in it. I fire it up and start my first passes and Christian Dior somehow made that the opening of Farenheit. After getting over being totally flabbergasted that my fossil fuel burning mundane yard task has been 'cologned' I have convinced myself to give it some time as the dry down leather may be totally worth it. I want to stress that I totally get the negative reviews, yet want to like this as it is unique and artfully constructed, as I mentioned the leather piqued my interest and strikes me as worth thumbs up for its legend and leather alone. 

Pros: leather, unique, well crafted, infamous
Cons: very challenging, opening may be 'aquired taste', very polarized reviews. 

positive Fahrenheit EDT - 

Love to overspray this one! Sporting a ridiculous amount of accords, nothing else smells like Fahrenheit and for me it remains the most creative men's frag from the house of Dior. 

I prefer to wear it in warmer weather when my chest hair can roam free through a wide open collar. 

4 stars.  
positive Fahrenheit by Dior opens with a mixture of green notes and citrus. Among them, the most prominent are the floral aroma of hawthorn and the sweetness of mandarin. Fahrenheit quickly brings associations with meadows in spring, which was largely due to the composition of lavender and camomile. A little roughness is added by bergamot and lemon. Honeysuckle also plays a very important role in the initial phase of the scent. Its characteristic, sweetish aroma is one of the signature elements of Fahrenheit. The opening of the composition is undoubtedly intriguing and draws attention.

In the heart, violet takes over the scent. Its aroma is green, rough and tart at the same time. Unquestionably masculine. Cool, yet warm. This warmth, however comes also from other notes as jasmine, clove and nutmeg were used to generate it too. The last one gives the composition additional spicy character. All this has been combined around soft and creamy sandalwood.

In the base, is a almost petrol-like leather accord which is accompanied by vetiver, styrax and mastic, which is a natural resin obtained from mastic tree. Fahrenheit's finish is therefore both balsamic and dry. 
positive I bought a 1.7 oz. bottle 3 days ago and have been mesmerized by it's magic. I just ordered the 3.4 oz. bottle. Out of my 70+ bottle fragrance collection I can confidently say already that FAHRENHEIT is now my favorite of them all. I am simply blown away. This is THE best male fragrance I have ever experienced in my life! Why the hell didn't I try this years ago??? I have been searching and searching for that "ONE" fragrance for years. THIS IS IT!!!  
positive Love at first sniff?

Fahrenheit was my first fragrance purchased in about 1997, when it was already out of date. But ever since my first smell of it in the late 80's at the mall, I was mesmerized by it.

I went through jugs of this in the past - I think at one point there was a 150ml spray? By the time I actually bought it, it was $20 at Shoppers Drug Mart.  I remember it being *the* smell of gay night clubs. 

I now have a hard time picking out notes. It's always been floral to me - I didn't know it was violets until later in life. But now all I can smell is "Fahrenheit".

I very rarely this anymore. But it will always be my "first".
positive 2000 version...  It's been years since I've smelled this.  I immediately remember its charms.  I owned a miniature years ago and I loved it then - I love it now.  At least, this version; Is it still as good?

It's just the perfect blend of notes.  The top holds the beauty of violet and hawthorn, and the deep, rich note of mace.  For me, it's a time machine of good memories.  My then boyfriend used to try to steal a dab, until I hid it.  He didn't understand why or how I could wear a "men's" fragrance.  I felt it to be unisex.  I still do.

It's a kind of Hot floral, or at least warm.  Outdoorsy but, not of woods.  It's a field of aromas.  A dusty aromatic.  Hints of green leaves later, in the heart.  Touches of a fougere style.  Never heavy.  Goes along smoothly.  Well-blended throughout its wear.

Fern-like beauty in the base.  Other notes are undiscernible except a bit of styrax and leather.  Those notes are a bit more pronounced.  It lasts and lasts.  Magnificent! 
positive Damn this is good. I'm challenged to add something useful to the dialogue because we've got some really, really good analytical reviews below (especially from Zealot Crusader, as usual). I'll try to give my take as a new hobbyist on the current formulation and some of my emotional responses to it. 

First of all: I love me some violet leaf. I opened my box of Fahrenheit with great anticipation because I'd read of the famed barrel note and was keen to have it give me a rowdy elbow to the nose. 

I was somewhat surprised that my first impression of Fahrenheit was the cucumbery aspect of violet leaf, which bloomed into something metallic/floral and then went to full on diesel blast (not unlike opening a bag of good Charlie in my more wayward days). Not exactly what I expected, but dear Jeebus do I love it - the tiny little nuances within those big, bombastic accords are where the true artistry of Fahrenheit really comes out. 

If I'm honest, I don't get many individual notes, but as Mister Surgery has eloquently said, I don't think that's the point of this. 

The opening, to me, kicks off like someone using a steel muddler to make a Hendricks and cucumber martini in a workshop. As you hang around and sip the drink (probably poured into a reds plastic cup for irony), the smell of their leather jacket and its grass stains drift through your awareness. This is a good day of drinks, friendship, talking shit and working on cars bottled for your consumption. 

Hendricks, for those unfamiliar with it, is a scottish gin composed with only juniper, rosewater and cucumber in the mash bill. Fahrenheit actually reminds me a lot of one of my friends who's a gin nut... he studied mechancial engineering whilst working as a motor mechanic, so the picture being created by the perfumers literally conjures a character straight to my mind. 

That's probably what contributes to the picture I have of Fahrenheit being intelligent and having real depth to go along with its brashness and roguishness. I think a good part of that impression is the genius of the construction as much as it is my emotional impression, but there's no doubt that for me this isn't a like, it's a definite love. 

Projection and performance are wonderful and I can attest that the current iteration is excellent. I'm now intrigued to sample vintages to see what a more profound barrel note feels like, but I doubt I'll enjoy this version any less. Emphatic thumbs up. 
positive Reminds me of my high school auto mechanics class and leather jackets. Took a long while my nose to detect the florals, but eventually they peeked out.  So different and so out of the box for me.  Doesn't work for me to wear personally but I love this scent on others.  
positive Best perfume. I always wear the 1988 version.
positive I really do not get this “it smells like gasoline” thing. Or leather. Really? Is the current 2019 formulation of it that bad? I have a vintage bottle. One that I purchased myself in December of 1991, at the Emporium department store in San Francisco. It’s still half full. It doesn’t smell like ANY of these things. It’s a classic, dark, woodsy masculine fragrance. But gasoline? No, not AT ALL.
positive Fahrenheit is a true example of a fragrance being more than the sum of its parts.  I don't smell each component individually (I can if I try, but that's NOT the point of Fahrenheit); I smell three distinct "scents," each of which I will describe below.

First, as Fahrenheit is renowned for, the opening smells like diesel fuel.  As a car nut, and as someone who used to race and who still works on cars in my spare time, I can't help but love it.

Second, it smells like leather.  Not fine leather like you'd find on Coach gloves or Bottega Venetta leather goods; the kind of leather you smell on engineer boots or a biker jacket.  Workingman's leather.

Finally, an almost wet, grassy/vegetal smell.  The kind you smell on a dewy sports field on a cool morning.  

Mix all of three of those motifs together, and you get Fahrenheit.  Nothing more, nothing less.  It's pretty straightforward, unambiguous, and impeccably done.

Now, the issue is whether or not you want to smell like that.   I can't imagine many women wanting their man to smell like diesel-soaked leather, and although I love the smell of Fahrenheit, from a practical standpoint, it's not a fragrance that I wear very often.  I don't want to show up to a business meeting smelling like I just replaced a faulty fuel line, nor would I want to go out to dinner smelling like I just stepped off of the set of "Sons of Anarchy."  But that's just me.  

Although this is not a fragrance I get much use out of, I love it.  How could you not?  It's so unique and impeccably done.  If you've never smelled it, you owe it to yourself to do so.  It's a classic, without any doubt, and although I rarely find myself wearing it, there's no way that I could give Fahrenheit anything less than a thumbs up.




positive It smells like gas.  This is a good thing.  It is manly.  There is just nothing like it.  Unbelievable that it got green lighted.  Masterpiece.  Benchmark.  Thumbs up so hard it hurts. 
positive Nothing to add to previous reviews. Alpha male masterpiece. 

Disregard reform criticism. It smells and project amazingly, like the first one I had in the 90s.
positive One of the first men's fragrances that I had personally bought and enjoyed as a teenager. Fahrenheit is arguably a living legend, having old-school followers and even a new generation of wearers to boot.

Fahrenheit can be summarized as spicy-gasoline-leather, with intensities that differ depending on how vintage a bottle you are spraying from. The heavier gas vibe comes from the older bottles, with an eventual directive by the IFRA not to utilize the notes involved. Even still, I find the recent formulations to do justice and resemble the vintage bottles well enough.

There is an energizing, adventurous vibe to Fahrenheit that feels so right, so daring. Every time I wore it, I felt like I had entered into a realm of macho, bold cologne expression that would draw attention. 

This is a means-business type cologne! Even after so many decades, I still find myself turning to Fahrenheit, as well as several of the wonderful flankers that have since come out (i.e. Fahrenheit 32 and Aqua Fahrenheit, most notably). But I will forever respect and treasure Fahrenheit original - whatever the formulation - as one of the first scents to really get me into the world of smelling and collecting prestige men's colognes as a whole.  
positive Ah yes  :) put on that leather jacket, nice leather shoes or work boots (which ever suits your style as a man), go take a walk through the leaves in the all or a stroke through those orange, yellow, brown and red woods and set up a camp fire. Don't be ashamed to chop the wood yourself, either. Oh, yeah, and make sure it's a beautiful night out, also.  Moon, stars, maybe a few clouds. Cologne or not, everyone can agree that it would be a perfect night. Imagine feeling that feeling of a night like that every time you smell a scent? Well, here you go.  It's a mature scent, but it is possible to pull it off for younger guys but you'll need to dress maturely (harder than it sound). Ya can't sport a suit With this so you'll need less but more. Unless you tackle the classic "bad boy greaser" look which would be great with this also. This is one of those fragrances that challenges your ability to be a man in a fashionable sense. Are you a construction worker or an outdoorsman? This is for you (although I wouldn't wear them during those activities). Just a guy who loves being out in the open or just love the cool weather and the feel of a cold day out in nature or anywhere on earth and sport a good leather jacket? Grab yourself a bottle of this stuff. I don't wear it often as I've had a bottle for the past 3 years but never wore it except one time. I was a Marine so there weren't many situations where I wasn't in the field for training and wouldn't have smoked people out with the sheer projection of this big guy. But out of the field, if I was ever in nature and didn't opt for other bottles due to situations, I would've grabbed this (I have other fragrances that suited those situations). Now I'm settled down ano am looking forward to using this officially at some point this fall and winter 

I used to also have the parfume or perfume version (not sure what it's called). But it was even better. Be sure to look it up and give both bottles a shot but I prefer the parfume version for an every day wear if that's your thing
positive There are good fragrances, great fragrances, and masterpieces. Dior's Fahrenheit is an unqualified masterpiece. It epitomizes the art of perfumery in ways that few fragrances before or since have done, and is notable - in my opinion - for one thing: it smells like Fahrenheit. 

Yes, it opens with a prominent gasoline accord. Full petrol. Gas-station-level petroleum distillates. This note is fleeting and glorious. It's rugged and perfectly balanced. The potentially noxious opening gives way to a dry down that is absolutely remarkable: the blending is so masterful that it's difficult to discern separate notes. Some fragrances travel from bright and citrusy to dark, woodsy, or floral. Some even travel from spicy and peppery to chocolatey and gourmand. Fahrenheit travels from Fahrenheit to Fahrenheit. When the petrol fades, you're left with a incongruously fruity, spicy, leathery, AND woody scent as evidence of Dior's exquisite genius. Tonka? Perhaps amber? Maybe some cedar? Leather. Musk? Yes, but not really. Patchouli? It's there, but maybe not. Stryax and lily of the valley? Sure. Whatever. It's all, and it's none. 

It's Fahrenheit. Is it green? Red? Does it matter?

Past and current formulations seem equally reactive to body heat. While Fahrenheit absolutely sizzles in warm environs; its sillage and projection are ideal for colder weather. This smell like a fall/winter scent to me. I'll agree with previous reviews suggesting new formulations suffer from longevity issues, but only by a hair, and only in comparison to older formulations: comparatively, Fahrenheit is still an incredible performer. 

It's warm. It's comforting. It's woody, green, and fruity, and floral, and citrusy, and leathery, and it is absolutely greater than the sum of its parts. Yes, it smells a bit like spilling gasoline in a new car while driving through a cedar grove full of flowers and old boots. And I love it. 

I rank Fahrenheit alongside the most influential fragrances of all time. 

Scent: 10/10
Sillage: 10/10
Projection: 10/10
Longevity: 7/10




positive Fahrenheit is a watershed fragrance on the same level of provocation as most Dior masculines, save maybe the mild-mannered Jules (1980), and has both a legion of devout users and folks who've "crossed paths" with the scent unsuccessfully. Whether or not you find the scent fascinating in it's appeal or just altogether odd depends on how you feel about it's "barrel note", but more on that later. Fahrenheit plays on hot and cold tones within it's main structure, fusing a cool floral top with a warm woodsy middle, a base of green leather and tonka, plus that all-powerful X factor no other fragrance has, nor even can have, because the creation of Fahrenheit's most characteristic quality was a total accident. Michael Almairac, Maurice Roger, and Jean-Louis Sieuzac were all competing perfumers working on primitives to win the bid fo the next masculine Dior fragrance, but none had their idea accepted by the design house, and tossed their samples all in the same waste barrel for disposal. As fate would have it, that barrel sat out in the sunlight for a while and fused together, essentially "cooking" into one, and when somebody returned to find the barrel still there, the smell that came off was evidently so captivating that Dior had chemists analyze a sample of it so the perfumers could form a new composition around it as the base! The infamous "barrel note" is really just leather and a strong violet at it's core, which is the root cause for the petrol smell everyone comments on when they sniff the opening of Fahrenheit, but there's a mish-mash of whatever else was in those original perfume formulas in there too, cooked up and reduced in a way only nature could, so it's impossible to replicate without having the formula gleaned from the sample's analysis. The rest of Fahrenheit is more or less the same late 80's men's floral ya-ya that everyone was doing right before the age of aquatics when calone and dihydromyrcenol took over as the chemistry du jour, and is one of few such floral powerhouses from the era still available.

I'd be lying if I said this strange and cool circumstance wasn't part of the appeal for me, but beyond that, what you end up with here is a scent that fuses the "petrol leather" smell of something antique like Knize Ten (1924), with a violet-led green floral chypre that compares favorably with scents like Chanel No 19 (1971), or Jacomo Silences (1978). We have another situation here like so many of this genre where the masculine or feminine lean is entirely dependent on marketing, and a woman could totally pull this off given she enjoys that petrol leather aura. The opening of Fahrenheit is hawthorne, and honeysuckle, both really odd choices for a men's fragrance, further asserting my previous statement on gender, with bergamot, mandarin, and lavender rounding it out to keep it cool. The bergamot and mandarin aren't really enough to make this a citrus-led scent, as that "barrel note" comes out the gate right away to greet the nose, followed by a warm middle of sandalwood, cedar, chamomile, nutmeg, muguet, jasmine, and the prominent violet which also helps define Fahrenheit. Base notes are all green save the amber, and come in with the leather, patchouli, vetiver, styrax and tonka. The gasoline-like "barrel note" was reduced in 2011 because it evidently didn't meet IFRA standards, but it's still plenty there, and I've smelled both deep vintage from a year after the scent launched, and a more-recent 2015 bottle, with only the presence of the "gasoline smell" dialed back a bit in the newer one. The big deciding factor of hunting vintage or getting newer bottles entirely comes down to what you want to smell more: the "barrel note" itself or wonderful floral chypre surrounding that infamous accord, because that's what you're picking between when you choose vintage or new production, respectively. For me it's a hard choice, but ultimately the newer one wins out simply because of convenience.

Fahrenheit is also infamously brutal on longevity, although sillage can be controlled better than haters will have you believe by simply avoiding your face when applying. A spray on the chest and upper back before donning the shirt is the best way to keep your own personal "barrel bubble" closer to you. I quite like the stuff, and it stands up to heat as well as cold, because it's sharp floral nature prevents Fahrenheit from being too sweet, thick, or cloying like many things this spicy. After all, this is a leather scent we're talking here, and they're known to be pretty hardy in many weather conditions, it's just most leather scents are saddled with aromatics or tons of shrill citrus and powder to narrow their usability. Fahrenheit falls into the same relative class of "dandy-like" floral dalliances laced with something very 80's and very potent, which in this case is styrax over the usual civet found in these kinds of things. Fahrenheit does wear surprisingly well in the 21st century because of it's gender-neutral florals, which combined with it's feverish fan base, explains it's continued production for 30 years, and that's totally outside the fact that the curiosity of experiencing the scent's fuel-like signature accord just keeps drawing new people in. I enjoy this immensely, but I'll be blunt: you have to enjoy stiff leather, florals, and green chypre base notes to truly enjoy Fahrenheit, regardless of the marketing hoo-hah Dior tosses at you, so if green floral chypres or prominent leather accords aren't for you, this is no exception, so sample before going over a barrel with a full bottle purchase. I'd say this is best worn on casual days or out with friends, running errands, and nights at home. If you want to dare this in the office space or a date, you're probably the kind of risk-taker Dior tailors their Fahrenheit ads towards, but don't say I didn't warn you when you get mixed reactions. A divisive but genre-defining classic that scratches an itch for those strange friends everyone has that actually enjoy the smell of gasoline. 
positive As many, I also thoguht I was smelling gasoline out of Fahrenheit, but I was wrong. It was only after getting in touch and possessig both Chanel Cuir de Russie and Cuir de Lancome, which have the same petrol smell, tha I came to realiza that in fact that it doesn't smell of petrol, but Leather.

Altohough I like it very much, I have to be in the mood for Fahrenheit, otherwise is like being chased by a shadow that it's not my owm.
positive When I was in high school in the 90's I remember walking down the hall and some guy passed by me wearing this and I was instantly attracted to the scent. I literally walked around all week sniffing guys as they passed to try to find this scent. I just had to know what it was! When I finally found out who the guy was and what he was wearing, I went straight to the mall and bought it. The scent was so amazing that I became instantly obsessed with it. Newer versions don't do justice to it. There truly is no comparison to the original. Every now and then I'll pass a random guy who still has this, and every single time my head still turns on instinct.
positive This smell was unique! (non citrus but not spicy...)
I absolutely loved it in 1990 when I fist came across it.
Strong scent, Massive projection, good longevity
10/10

I bought it again in 2017 after a 20 year lapse BUT
the smell is weaker and slightly different (almost chemical) and its projection and longevity is now average
Has it been reformulated? Have I bought a fake? Was my bottle out of date
Based on this 3/10
positive Fell in love with this instantly.
This is a bit of dry fragrance, first impression is that it smells like some expensive wood furniture and a bit of gasoline. I don't even like dry OR woody smelling cologne but that gasoline note is what makes this great.
What I most like about Dior's Fahrenheit is that it's so different from the powerhouses of the 80s, the fresh aquatics of the mid 90s, and the sugar sweets of the '10s. 
A true masterpiece of masculine originality. 
While this is ever so slightly dated, reminding me of the mid-to-late 90s for some reason, it doesn't feel like old-man cologne to me, not at all. It's very stylish and modern in my opinion.
It's a love it or hate it fragrance, and because of that, it's not an easy one to wear. 
UPDATE:
I wore this again, and for the first hour or so it was projecting nicely, and smelled great. After about 2-3 hours, it was still projecting but it lost some of it's more pleasant-smelling qualities, and got rougher and dirty-smelling. To me, it was somewhat of an unclean smell.
I'm keeping the good rating, because maybe this fragrance just doesn't mix well with my skin, but I won't be wearing it again.

positive Beautifully wrong.
Woody Gasoline Pour Femme.
Truly wonderful.
positive I didn't care for Fahrenheit in the beginning.  And I'm talking vintage, 30 Avenue Hoche.  Very peculiar use of violet.  I didn't quite get the "gasoline" accord many have commented on, but more of a "clinical green."  I think it's closer to turpentine than gasoline, but in a good way.  There is something in turpentine that's pleasant. A highly astringent woody green.  I almost let go of my bottle, but decided to keep it.  And I have to say it has grown on me.  I must give it a thumbs up for the principle of it.  It's a very unique fragrance and was done well initially.  The later version is OK.  But the vintage... is something special.  I give it a 3/5 rating because I wouldn't want to wear this much, but I'm glad to have it in my collection.
positive I don't wear it as often as i did in yesteryear but i still think it's one of the best fragrances out there. It's so unique and different from all the others out there. A true classic and very versatile one. 

negative This stuff does not work on me.  It smells TERRIBLE.  The petroleum-fuel smell is overpowering and does not go away.  It smells like an accident in a garage that one would use Goop hand cleaner to wash off -- but it doesn't wash off easily.  Thumbs DOWN.
negative Oh. My. God.

Im really sorry, I know this is well liked by a lot, but this is terrible. I do not like it at all. It really does smell like some sort of vehicle lubricant. I had to get it, to see what the hype is about, and it's not good. It hasn't completely dried down as I write this, and i will give it a chance, but I cant see it improving from here. It smells like roses soaked in watered down gasoline or car oil. I am younger, but I do enjoy a mature scent, when the right mixture is present, but oh boy it's bad. 

If you are into more modern, younger, fresher scents, do not buy this! Especially if you're taste lies in with citrus or sporty scents. 

Again, I apologize for offending those who think this note makeup is genius. It's just not for me. It's the first fragrance that gave me a headache and made me feel a bit nauseous. 

If this lightens up and drastically changes after a bit, I will submit a positive review. 

neutral I associated Fahrenheit with notes of rich black pepper and violets, followed by mown grass.  Now, though the violets are still present, there is a haze of leather, sharp-smelling spices, and mustiness, that is volatile and not entirely enjoyable, but lends a certain radiance to things.  Memory can be unreliable, and perhaps it was senseless trying to recapture something in the past.  My old flame, I saw you only a few times in my life, and what I thought was there may have been imaginary.
neutral Radically underwhelming. Not offensive, not bad, but was disappointed.
neutral TAKE IT FROM ME:

I ran out of gas on the highway so I poured this into my fuel tank.

Just playing but yall know what I'm saying.

Them people on "My Strange Addiction" would love this cologne. .
neutral I had this in the 1990's.  Nice for the time but it just didn't do it for me. I don't believe it smells dated just not my cup of tea. It's strong from the start and the fuel smell is a non starter for me. I do like the woody dry down but the opening is just a terrible experience for me. Overall neutral.
positive Fahrenheit hit in 1988 and was an instantaneous commercial success. It was a bold scent, innovative in concept and execution and was immediately recognizable as something new. It might have been developed using the framework of the fougère, but unlike the other massive launch of the year, Cool Water, it bore little resemblance to the genre. Fahrenheit’s infamous gasoline note gave it an edginess that separated it from other masculine fragrances. 1988 was effectively pre-niche and unorthodox perfumes were rare. Dior bet that there was an unmet demand for a fragrance that didn’t play by the ‘normal’ rules of scent. The combination of gasoline and dehydrated sweetness gave Fahrenheit a deliberately synthetic appearance and distanced it from the fougères and woody chypres that were still the norm for masculine fragrances. The olfactory image of gasoline is convincing. The dryness of woods and the coolness of the violet leaf suggest volatility, like drops of gasoline evaporating from your skin.

To Dior’s credit, they didn’t simply take a traditional perfume and dress it out with ‘avant-garde’ images and a trendy ad campaign. They created a straight-up oddball that didn’t fit easily into existing categories. What’s interesting, though, is that while Fahrenheit was groundbreaking, it wasn’t without precedent. Dior seem to have learned from a few great masculine fragrances of the prior dozen years. The pressurized hiss of violet leaf is a nod to Grey Flannel and the aggressively dry woods are reminiscent of Antaeus. The last piece in the puzzle comes from perfumer Jean-louis Sieuzac himself. Two years before he co-authored Fahrenheit for Dior, Sieuzac composed Hermès Bel Ami, a sumptuous leather chypre with a noticeable whiff of gasoline. He isolated the gasoline note and amplified it to form the basis of Fahrenheit.

Fahrenheit juggled offbeat style and mainstream PR and production streams with remarkable success. Take a look at a network sit-com or an action movie from 1988. Or a fashion magazine. Listen to some 1988 pop music. Most of it doesn’t hold up very well. (see above.) Fahrenheit on the other hand might come off as era-specific, but not dated. It has survived reformulation, the vagaries of trend and an increasingly competitive market yet remains distinctive.
positive Chronologie II

I've always had difficulties to find the words for describing the most beautiful of perfumes.

Overproduction in perfume industry resulted with hundreds of new perfume houses whose offer has already been seen. Too many leather and oud combinations made people smell like worn off russian counts and desert bedouins, and almond, coconut and vanilla are just waking nutritional scents.

Sadly, today one can rarely find a perfume which is strictly made for male or female. New directions are being formed in which undecided perfumes are preferred, so both males and females now smell the same. Just to be straight, I have nothing against this kind of perfumes, because many of them smell really nice and some of them I have in my collection, but first of all I'm an old school kind of guy and my opinion is that a perfume has to have a 'side'. However, as time goes by, and by judging by the offer, the expectations are low that a new perfume, that will impersonate either male or female, will emerge.

In rush of aggressive propaganda which puts niche production in forefront, Fahrenheit still firmly holds its place on top by its originality, beauty, quality and, the most important, masculinity. If there is a male perfume which holds the essence of a real masculine man, then this is the one. It is a cult perfume you can either love or hate, nothing in between, which gives you a feeling that the perfume chose you and not the other way around. I own the first formula, dated in 1987, and every formula that came after it. It has been a bit 'damaged' by reformulations, but still it kept its style and recognizability.

I will finish this review by quoting one man who gave the best description of this masterpiece: When man becomes of my age and looks behind him.. he sees all kinds of things. Ups, downs, joys that take over your being, sorrows that rip you apart strongly enough that you think you can't take it anymore. And now, if I were to sit down and describe that kind of human life on a piece of paper, I would put that paper in an envelope and seal it with Fahrenheit. 

The smell of life has the same notes as this perfume...

positive Opium... Bel Ami... Fahrenheit!

Sieuzac was not prolific, but with icons like that on his CV, he could easily make many a nose green with envy.

Fahrenheit was a rebel when it was released, and it still is to this day. A true gamechanger. Not just in the world of fragrance, but probably also for many of the wearers. I know it changed a lot for me.

Fahrenheit was probably the scent, that made me realise, that fragrances are not just nice smells; they can be art and stir one's emotions.

How evocative it was! That almost chameleonic ability to morph between gentle florals and creamy woods, and into a leatherjacket wearing, lawn-mowing animal.

Many say it is more of a winter fragrance, but to me it has always screamed "SUMMER!" From the first spray years ago, it has always conjured up the image of fresh cut grass and a petrol-driven lawn mower. When I need to feel and smell the summer, this is what I reach for.

Ever since that first day, it has been a mainstay of my evergrowing collection, always hanging on to the top, as one of my true favourites.

They say first loves never truly die.

When it comes to Fahrenheit, the saying is most fitting; I will always love this one and have it in my collection.

PS: My mum thought it smelled like pickled cucumbers.
positive Another northbound thumb.

I don't wear it often but will probably always have an early iteration bottle (pre ifra-styrax restriction)in my stable.

Well-worn lawnmower replete with caked clippings slowly composting away. Sour. Honeysuckle. Summer  wear appeal. 

My nose, oddly perhaps, identifies overlap in its non-floral structure with Or Black.
positive Unique, classy, manly and just god damn PERFECT!!

Fahrenheit was the second fragrance that I ever bought just after Jazz at the tender age of 14. Now approaching 40 I am as mesmerized as ever! Okay....So the formula has changed slightly but not as much as many say. In fact the latest batch seems to be the closest to the original. Maybe it lacks the legs and staying power but still unmistakably Fahrenheit. 

In it's vintage formula this is the closest thing to male perfumery perfection I have ever sampled.

Light years ahead of its time!!

11/10  


positive I don't think my review of it is much needed, but I think it deserves one more thumb up! Oh, cucumber...
positive An all time legend. Some would even go as far to say this is sex in a bottle. It is just supreme and I never tire of it. Great for going out, great for work and great for a nice day at home. It is versatile and very sexy. Went through a good few bottles.
positive Picture a bunch of Adam Levine fans in a room together. Now picture a Bruce Springsteen fan coming in and wedging himself in the middle of the Levine fans. This is what I see when noticing Fahrenheit among the other colognes at the tester counter at Macy’s. 

Fahrenheit is a classic of the old school style, but it’s “classic" nature is timeless and is what makes it so enduring and timeless. It’s like Uncle Jesse or Fonzie.  Who wouldn’t think these guys aren’t cool anymore?

Fahrenheit is my signature scent for the fall. I wear it every day from October through November. And I never tire of it. Or get fatigued from it. It’s just that great. 
The petroleum smell is there, sure. It’s a gasoline smell of 1988 to be sure, but it transcends that era and fits into the modern age.  The gasoline (of whatever combination of notes creates the effect) does not overpower, it makes its grand entrance on center stage – does its solo number under the spot light for about 1 hour, and then dutifully slips back in the chorus with all the other notes.  And the other notes? Awesome.  Every day I smell something different. Some days I get a whiff of nutmeg (which is why this fits squarely in Fall to my nose) Some days the leather shines throughout. Others, the floral creeps in and takes a solo.   It’s as if this was some kind of jazz track, with the petroleum note starting off and each notes taking turns coming in to take a stab at the main melody. And the main melody?  The sum of all notes that is Fahrenheit.  

I have tried to dissect the notes (as I just tried now) and it always leaves me feeling I didn't do it justice. Fahrenheit is truly the sum of all parts. It’s not a "gasoline" scent. It’s not a "leather" scent. It’s Fahrenheit. You can’t analyze the humor of a good joke and well, sometimes you can’t really take apart the greatness of a master fragrance blend. 

So I'll just say that the reason why this is such a great fragrance... is that it smells like Fahrenheit. 

Well done! 
10/10

positive This has to be in my top 5 fragrances of all time..truelly a piece of genius to incorporate that petrol/violet smell into a fresh green type of scent..I'm talking about the 2016 formulation which I don't think has suffered from reformulation..my last purchase of this would of been in 1998. I prefer the original over the absolute version, I personally don't like that strange sweaty curry smell in absolute.. the aqua version is very nice with added spearmint and cucumber notes. Dior are the best designer fragrance house that incorporate leather into their scents in my opinion ..like dior homme edt, they blend floral's with leather superbly. The dry down in this could be bottled separately and renamed in their high end line, beautiful rugged engine room leather.
positive  Reviewing a Vintage 2002 Fahrenheit. Fahrenheit was a sensation in the late 80's, early 90's. I was living in my Bel Ami, Tiffany for Men cloud during those first few years, so I missed the glory days wearing it myself, however always admired it on others. The Violet note as constructed in this, I was to meet later and is what attracts me to Heeley's CPF.
This sample of 2002 has all elements that most remember of the original. Floral Violet sitting on top of a Petroleum Leathery Base. Brilliantly conceived and still stands alone in it's originality. Occurs to me that it projected more in the earlier years, however most of us oversprayed in that Era.
Rightly a Masterpiece.
positive I like Absolute version a lot more than current Fahrenheit. Vintage up until 2012 Fahrenheit, though, is superior.

If you can't find 2012 or earlier, get Absolute instead. Or if you like Midnight in Paris, absolute is a richer version of it.
positive BLUF:  A brilliant, unique, unforgettable green scent.  At risk of sounding cliché, it’s art.  To date, this and L’Homme Libre are my favorite uses of violet (haven’t tried Narciso for Him yet) although Fahrenheit Absolute & Parfum are up there too.  

A genius offering from Dior that is in my top 3, a fragrance that I’ll never be without.  I don’t subscribe to the “you can only wear this scent during that season” idea, but Fahrenheit does remind me of summer when I wear it…probably because people don’t mow their lawns in New England during the winter.  Yup, I’m there with the rest of the gas/grass crowd.

My personal take on it is this: The opening smells like the inside of a shed (yurt, in the case of my family) where the lawnmower, weed wacker, and tennis shoes that my Dad wore while mowing, are stored.  A mix of petrol fumes, cut grass, and a bit of leather.  There is a hint of something just barely sweet that peaks in and out over the life of the scent, but I don’t get honeysuckle sweetness at all.

Longevity is moderate for me (6-7 hours) as is sillage. 
Call my nose unrefined if you will, but I barely notice a difference between my bottles from 1999 and 2015, other than the newer bottle having better longevity.

No flankers come close to the original but Parfum and Absolute honor their forefather very well in their own beautiful way.
positive Just tried this reformulation after owning the original back in the 90's.  It's noticeably different from what I remember but still familiar.  Didn't think I was into it for the first 20 minutes but then it all settled down and I couldn't stop smelling it.  It's still so different from everything else out there...and addictive.  I can see how this would be an easy compliment-getter.
positive I wore Fahrenheit when I was in junior high school.  I remember when it came out and it was unlike anything I had smelled before.  I have smelled it many times since then and it always brought back a flood of memories.  I thought about wearing it again over the years because I loved it so much but I just didn't want to go back there.  Recently someone came in my office wearing it and it smelled so good.  I immediately recognized it but it was different to me somehow.  I found out that it had been reformulated in 2014.  I have it on now as I type this review and I'm loving it all over again.  It's Fahrenheit but it's not…..but it's still perfection.  It lasts all day on me and I get compliments all the time.  I really can't understand somebody not liking this fragrance.  It's a classic but it doesn't rest on the fact that it's a classic.  It still smells new and groundbreaking just like it did in the 80's.  This is quite possibly the best of all time.  
positive My favorite fragrance of all time, FAHRENHEIT...
2014 Formulation..

In the opening of this fragrance i get a mixture of used 85-W-90 Grade  gear oil + used 68 grade hydraulic oil + green paste from leaves, poured onto a leather seat....

After an hour's mark, all i get is a freshly polished leather shoes, where the smell of pure leather is prominent with a hint of shoe polish.

After 4 hours, all I am left up with is a Green Woody, leather & musk combo.

Really love the way it changes as the day progresses, never got a compliment though. I wear it for myself. Never get bored of it.

Longevity: 10+ hours easily
Projection: Average

10/10
positive Absolutely bloody marvellous scent. 
I tested today comparing a sample of 2010 vintage and a bottle bought last month from Geneva airport duty free. The review is the same for both except that the one marked difference I found was that the 2010 version held on to its "power" phase much longer before it became a skin scent. Otherwise, frankly, I couldn't tell the difference. 
It starts off eye-watering petrol, grease, with leather (or sweaty skin?) underneath. A bit later I also get a medicinal (Germoline) thing going on. You have to get your head round all that, but when you do, you'll want to keep going back and spraying it over and over again. Then, strong leather, the most fantastic leather scent ever. And a bit of lavender. 
It's pure cave man in its power phase. Like a super macho, cool, handsome car mechanic putting on his leather jacket after his shift. Yet really classy and unique at the same time. It makes me feel like I'm Marlon Brando on a motorbike. 
Longevity: long. Silage: for me, moderate (aka BIG)
Love the stuff. The original is still better than all the flankers. 
How could any man not want this?
September 2015

positive They recreated the smell of burning asphalt by mixing different flowers! How awesome is that?!

A timeless legend, unique and stylish.
positive Unique and timeless. One of the most romantic fragrance. You can go wrong with the classic and most successful Fahrenheit. An innovation created in the 80ties. 

What a performance even if I don't wear it often.

Long Life to Fahrenheit!

Masterpiece 9/10
positive Current formulation is among my top 2 favorite leathers, the other one being Hermes Bel Ami Vetiver.  The elegance of the leather/violet accord is breathtaking.
positive Salutation.

FAHRENHEIT is a ROOTY cologne.it is Great,similar to the other DIOR fragrances.The opening notes is a bit too rough for my nose but after 5 minutes it warms to an undeniable MASCULINE,PLEASANT and ROMANTIC.

The base notes is quite WOODY on my skin,invigorating with vetiver.You feel like a confidence unique person when You wear it and only with 2 spray can enjoy for a few hours.it is strong in SPECIAL way.

This wonderful scent not for day use because it is a little heavy in hot weather,definitely is an EVENING scent for a particular character in SPECIAL occasions.anyway it is unforgettable.

SILLAGE?OK

LONGEVITY?Like often DIOR colognes,Yes it is unparalleled.

8/10

negative Not my favorite. I bought this on a blind buy when it first came out. This is very strong and does not wear off. It projects down the block and makes my eyes water wearing it. I ordinarily love Dior frags, but this one is a stench bomb.
negative The stench that keeps on giving. Fahrenheit is just devastatingly terrible in my opinion. I can't think of a better way to describe it than to say something similar to what DEAN ja described in their review. It really does smell like pouring gasoline in to an old lawnmower. The gasoline smell has been spilled a lot on the lawnmower over the years, and the cut grass has been baked onto the lawnmower as well. This combination of gasoline and baked, old hot lawn clippings is a pretty good summation of the Fahrenheit experience. For those who enjoy that smell...this juice is for you. Two thumbs way down for me though...
negative One of the wonders of the world is how this fragrance was ever made, bottled and sold in stores for people to spray onto their skin and clothes. If you want to know what this smells like, imagine an automobile mechanic who changed car oil all day, came home from his job and decided to cut the grass before it got too late, came inside, took off his shirt, and suffocated you with it. Seriously. You smell cut grass, leather, gasoline, metal, and oil. I am not kidding you. I asked a few girls what they thought and they shook their heads and said "no. uh-uh. nope... not for a fragrance". Dior should add grapefruit accords to it for a natural body odor armpit scent to complete it. LOL. If you like it, that is fine. But it is not for me. Thank you for reading my review.
negative Back in middle school in the late '90s, Fahrenheit was THE cologne for guys to have. Problem was, it made the hallways smell like gasoline and leather during a particularly tumultuous time in our lives. To this day, many of my middle school classmates can still smell Fahrenheit in their nightmares. And every time I go into Sephora or Ulta, I pick up and sniff the tester to remind myself how much worse the selection of fragrances was back then. Smelled bad then, still smells bad now, and reformulations over the years haven't changed the nastiness one bit.

Simply put, Fahrenheit almost turned me off from fragrance forever. If it wasn't for sniffing Acqua di Gio on someone in high school, I wouldn't be on Basenotes.
negative All Fahrenheit smells like is Kiwi shoe polish on leather,real lime,and shredded violets minus the urine note.A very odd fragrance I could never conform to...thankfully it's weak and disappears after a few hours.This is one I'd say to try a tester first and tell the person describing it in poetry and prose to shut up so you can focus on the scent.

I have no clue how this fragrance manages to escape from being a clearance item considering $5 aftershaves have more imagination than Fahrenheit.
negative Never knew Fahrenheit was so popular and so well reviewed here.  And I can’t believe it’s taken me so long to review Fahrenheit as it was one of the 1st fragrances I ever had.  It was a gift from my father during the 90’s and it was an EdT splash.  Thinking it was after-shave strength, I splashed myself with a few handfuls.  Next thing I know, I was at the gas station and had accidentally doused myself with gas.  Vaporous and stringent gas fumes filled the room.  This is fragrance?  The bottle went to the bottom of the drawer and was taken out occasionally to see if my previous experience had been a cruel smell illusion.  Nope, still gas fumes.  Admittedly, it does get slightly better on the drydown as the gas fades a bit and the undertow of the leathery notes emerges.  I applaud the originality and the clever trick the violet plays with gasoline but in the end, I can’t get past the gas station connotation and ultimately cannot wear this.

3/10
negative One of the most vile concoctions I have ever had the displeasure to smell. . . 

I remember soon after it was launched, going to the mall in Sterling/Rock Falls, IL with my (now) husband. Some idiotic sprayer doused him with it as we were leaving the anchor store. I almost immediately began gagging and got stopped up and headache-y. We had to drive 20 miles home afterwards and I could not breathe. Thought I was going to die--seriously. He had to drive with all of the windows down (IL in winter), and hang partially outside the window. It stuck with him even after a long shower and airing out. 

Never in my life (before or since), have I had such a violent reaction to a scent. Not sure what the ingredient that was in it that got to me like that, but I hope to never experience it again. . . 

Dreadful stuff. Certainly memorable, though. . .


neutral "You either love it or hate it." 

I guess you could put me in the hate it group. Not so much that I hate it, I just don't like the petroleum smell very much -- from the opening to the dry down. 

From the sample I have I understand why it's been around for so long and why people love it so much. Dior did an exceptional job on the bottle design and naming for this one, it matches the fragrance perfectly. For me anyways, the smell is just too much. 

If you're a fan of the petroleum smell, this one is definitely for you. It is a very masculine fragrance. 

Packaging: 9/10
Quality: 6.25/10
Scent: 2.5/10
Uniqueness: 8.5/10
Longevity: 7/10
Sillage: 6/10
Versatility: 7/10

Overall: 6.6
neutral Smells exactly like a dirty lawnmower. Lasts no more than 3 hours. 
neutral Fahrenheit…it's like a time capsule for me. It opens doors to my past every time I feel it.
But, because it has been drastically changed in the last years, these doors remain closed. The passing between leather and violet notes used to be very smooth and, in the end, everything was wrapped in warm feelings, like a nice sunset. Today, it rather reminds of a sunset after a long battle day, mixed with dust, smoke and blood, instead of a romantic day.

positive Reading the reviews on BN's, the verdict seems that you either love or hate Fahrenheit.

For me, Fahrenheit is one of the all time top fragrances that I have ever owned.  It's totally unique and I definately fall in the "love it" column.   There is a strong, somewhat petrol note in the beginning, which I attribute to the Hawthorn, a scent I am not totally familiar with, but to me it's almost menthol or eucalyptus like. I don't find the opening unpleasant at all, but if you overspray, it may knock you unconscious.  After an hour, everthing fades into a sort of wood and leather, very soothing and long lasting.   

I would wear Fahrenheit year round, but especially in fall/winter.  If you are unfamiliar with it, go light, allow it to develop and you'll probably fall into the "love it" column as well.
positive There is just something Christian Dior got right with this fragrance, you can instantly tell when someone is wearing Fahrenheit as it has such a bold statement. Yes its a marmite scent but when you love it you love it, it speaks to you in a such sensual sultry way and has probably turned as many heads as the most legendary perfumes made to man. 

positive Timeless scent.

A beautiful celebration of sensational violet leaves that are evoking to the senses, further brightened by a zesty orange accord, stirred with smokey vetiver and polished with leather. 

There is no scent in existence that highlights violet leaves like Fahrenheit does.

Stunning, addictive, unique and mesmerizing.
positive I wasn't sure on first application. I put it on before going to bed and the petroleum note had me a bit confused. However, I awoke about 4 hours later and I could smell something quite wonderful. The dry down on this one is exquisite.
positive Is this the greatest fragrance for men ever created?

A breakdown of notes would be redundant, though violet leaf, orange and leather are the dominant players. A gorgeous floral leather, Fahrenheit stimulates senses like no other, awakens the mind and touches the heart. Fahrenheit is hot and cold at the same time. Fahrenheit is the first scorching ray of sun that melts the ice on snow-capped peaks. Fahrenheit is the smouldering lava that eats up everything in its path as the world burns red in its wake. Fahrenheit is the moist damp brown earth beneath the fleshy green trees with dark wet branches after the first rain in months. 

Fahrenheit is not a fragrance. Fahrenheit is an experience.    
positive This is a floral with a cauliflower-ear!  I don't pick up the 'gasolline-petroleum' that so many seem to identify but rather a carnation taken to the max tempered with nutmeg and leather. Worked very well for me in the Fall in New York, but here in SoFla, it's a bit much and have put it on the backburner for a bit...maybe it's time to reintroduce myself to this juice, fire up a cigar and enjoy a measure of spiced rum...hmmmm???
positive I used to mow the lawn in my backyard and along one swath of grass there was a large honey-suckle bush. The sweet, floral aroma of the honey-suckle would mix with the gasoline from the mower and the smell of leather on my hands from my work gloves. That's the closest I can get to describing what Fahrenheit smells like. Sweet, fresh specific floral notes of honey-suckle over petrol and the worn, rugged smell of leather. But my description really doesn't do it justice. Fahrenheit is like its own planet in the fragrance universe, and it's one of a strange, swirling atmosphere, equal parts enchanting and toxic. Fahrenheit's bottle represents its contents precisely, from dark shades of red and black to higher hues of orange and pale yellow. All in all, this is one hell of a fragrance that must be sniffed to be even remotely understood. A timeless classic, that feels modern and cutting edge almost 30 years after its release date. If you have never smelled this before, go out and get your nose on it! Projection and longevity are superb.
positive A big thumbs up for this one. I have two bottles: 9A03 (purchased in 1999) and 4N03 (purchased in 2014).

The old bottle has probably lost potency. The new juice projects better. Side by side on each arm, the old juice smells a little richer on the skin, but fainter, so I'm feeling plenty of love for the 2014 juice. It's maybe slightly sweeter or more vanilla and leather, less floral; but it is very similar. They are more like each other than edt and edp flankers. If the current juice said anything other than Fahrenheit, people would be up in arms that it's the same stuff and that calling it a flanker is false advertising.

I like the old juice slightly better, but the new juice is having better performance for me.
positive This one was ,is and will be my No1 favourite....
many memories,many complements and a very special scent.
grass with gasoline top notes with some sweetness and then woods.
not detailed subscription for a Masterpiece.

Both thumps Up!
positive Fahrenheit is one of those fragrances that people will either love or hate. My girlfriend adores it on me and says that when we first started dating she couldn't beleive how good I smelled and told all her friends about it. On the other hand, my sister doesn't like it at all and said it smells like a chemical mess. I enjoy fahrenheit because it is so unique. A lot of people mention a "petroleum" feel to it but I don't really get that. It's the only fragrance in my collection that I can't describe in words, which is a testament to how unique it is. I also enjoy it because of its versatility, works well in both summer and winter, day or night and for a variety of occasions. Pretty much the only place I wouldn't wear it would be the gym.
positive This was a masterpiece. The new formula is a travesty and is highly unwearable. I thank my lucky stars that I found a vintage bottle on EBay. The gasoline vibe is nonexistent in the new juice, which is the main reason the vintage stuff is king. I have probably worn more of this than any other cologne in my collection. Available everywhere but do not buy if only the word Dior is on the bottom of the bottle. Vintage will read Christian Dior. 
positive Long lasting, classic, and the girls love it! and in the end isn't that what it's all about?

I'm pretty shallow but this scent will never not be in my wardrobe. If you wear if on a night out, a girl will compliment you every time and that's always nice. Don't go crazy, my old bottle still packs a major punch. Don't believe sales people who tell you it expires! Not if you store it right. 
positive I've heard so much about Fahrenheit for so many years that I decided that I wanted to give it a shot especially after hearing that Axe Peace was very similar to it. I enjoyed Peace bodywash and deodorant, so I bought a partial bottle from a member on here.

Everything you've heard about Fahrenheit is true.

It opens with a strong, motor oil/ car exhaust punch in the face. It then moves into what some describe as tire rubber, others gasoline. I can detect both.

Fahrenheit then moves into a smokey leather jacket phase, where it then fades away.

I get that a lot of members here really enjoy it, but I dislike it and cannot think of any situation where I would wear this. 

I can see it being a head turner, but not for the right reasons.

Edit: Since I wrote my review I found myself returning to my sample of Fahrenheit and have actually picked up another sample from Sephora when my first ran out. Now I actually enjoy it and regret selling my partial bottle of the vintage stuff. It may be unusual to go from a hard Negative to a Positive review, but my thoughts on this fragrance have changed.


positive A surprisingly adequate  scent both fresh and warm!
positive This is the one you want to run away with. I randomly came across a sample of this and it instantly captivated me. There is something so warm, bold and sophisticated about this fragrance that has a strong yet soothing edge of attraction. It is addictive and distinctly unique. Almost all the other men's colognes out there have an overly clean and aqua fresh smell. This one smells rich with desire and full of mystery. Some say it has a petrol smell to it, but I don't perceive it that way. I would say it has a hint of spice and a cooling musk, like a hot summer rain under the trees. Overall I find it blissfully timeless in it's candor of masculine sensuality. 
positive One of my top ten favorites...I savor this sent when I want to be noticed and am seeking attention.

positive I love this on my husband.  It really stands out in a crowd of the mainstream sport style fragrances I smell so often. I think it really suits rugged types well.  Not fresh or clean to me but very dark and brooding.

negative HORRIBLE pine-tar and fuel smell, with perhaps a little eau de putois, at the outset.  I stopped by ULTA to test some YSL L'homme and gave myself a few complimentary shots of that. Seeing te Fahrenheit bottle on the shelf nearby, and never having tried it, I grabbed a blotter paper and hit the aerator...but the aerator was backwards and I sprayed my hand. GOD SAVE ME ! What is this foul smell ?  I beat a path to the door, jumped in my car, and drove the 20 min. home with my right hand suspended in the air not wanting to touch anything in my car to avoid this reaking smell getting on anything and lingering.  The only saving grace of this frag, for me, would be the cool bottle. 
negative Just like Egoiste,very spicey in a really bad way...just gross!!!
negative I just tried Fahrenheit today. Yes, my first time. After reading the reviews, I thought I should give it a try. From the beginning to the dry-down, it is terrible. I can't stand the smell. How anyone could recommend this is beyond me. Complete garbage. 
negative When moving my wrist back and forth near my nose I get "pencil shavings", "fresh", "gasoline" and "grassy". It blends together similar to Cool Water in an 80s fashion. It's not bad and I can see the attraction but there's no space for this in my rotation. Anyone who likes this should try Chevrefeuille by Creed as a comparison.
negative When almost a fifth of 200+ reviews are negative, you know something not quite right is going on.

This comes at me in two layers, one a warm amber leather and the other a sharp, very unpleasant cedar/mace combo. The center is floral and sweet, as Barbara Herman notes.

Turin gives it 2 stars and calls it a "woody leather." Right!  However, he goes on to say it is a great citrus leather (I don't get the citrus) with prominent violet leaf (again, I don't get this.)

The unpleasant cedar overpowers and wins out over the amber leather, so this is definitely a failure to my nose.

Top notes: Bergamot, Lemon, Lavender, Mace, Violet, Chamomile
Heart notes: Jasmine, Muguet, Cedarwood, Sandalwood
Base notes: Amber, Patchouli, Leather, Tonka, Musk

A waste of most of these ingredients since you can't smell them.
negative Christian Dior - Fahrenheit
If this one can make the temperature of your blood rise more than 1 fahrenheit, than your probably a very ice-cold person who needs all the little bit of warmth you can get; or dead... A weak sharp-peppery opening with a smudged greenness that smells musty and like overcooked vegetables with an anisic touch, grows into a bitter lavender note, and a weak sweet fruity note that reminds of water-ice where the flavor almost totally has been sucked out of. Then, like a big surprise, it grows into a rubber-leathery note with a clean transparent cedarwood/palo santo note with a Cool Water-like airiness; unpleasantly musty bitter-sour smelling, finished off with a big splash of iso e super. A big disappointment in terms off quality and originality with a detached and boring character. Yuk.

negative I didn't like it when I first smelled it years ago but it was reformulated and the smell was pleasant enough for me. Only problem: it doesn't last. 

neutral As you probably know, there's an amazing hydrocarbon note to this. To me it smells like tar on a wooden telegraph pole like the one in our garden when I was younger. In the heat of Summer, the protective tar coating used to melt and could be scraped off - Fahrenheit smells just like that to me. It is intoxicating, somehow outdoors, and bright.

It's really interesting, and I love to smell it when I'm wearing it, but not in an unequivocally good way. I like it because it's interesting, not necessarily because it smells good. In the same way as I might try to take a good smell of diesel on my hands even though I would rather it wasn't there.

It's too interesting for its own good to my nose. I could get pleasure out of wearing it, but I don't think I'd like to smell it on other people.
neutral Nothing special. A bit spicy, minty and chemical vanilla. Great if you want some attention, would wear in winter.
neutral A friend I've never missed...

Back in 1988 I was a poor student, and for your information, while the noun is long gone, the adjective still remains. So when I managed to save enough money and buy a gorgeous heavy woolen jacket, I was more than happy to take a long walk downtown and enjoy its comfort, warmth and quality. It was a couple of days before Christmas, and along with a blissful pixie who pretended to be my human girlfriend, we thought it would be a good idea to test some fragrances, and perhaps get a couple of free miniatures. I have to clarify to younger readers that back then most perfume samples were miniature bottles, and not the bland plain vials that they are nowadays. Truth be told, I was looking forward to return home and spray my new jacket with a generous dose of Davidoff by Davidoff, and turn it into my signature jacket soused in my then signature perfume. But what harm could a little window shopping do? So, I, armed with a brand new '80s jacket (which would be thought a curio today) and she, armed with the obligatory '80s perm, headed for the cosmetics stores.
Grave mistake...
A sales assistant who was lurking by the door and surely was a faster shooter than Billy the Kid, managed to shoot three huge sprays of something that nearly knocked me off my feet on my jacket, in less than a second. If she was holding a gun instead of a huge bottle of the most potent and fresh Fahrenheit ever imagined in her hands, I'd be dead before hitting the ground. And I have no doubts that had I tried to duck her attack, she wouldn't hesitate to spray me square in the face, if it had come her way.
I shook the impulse to strangle the harpy on the spot and search for a dry cleaner in the next 20 seconds, and proceeded with our perfume testing.
And then the horror begun...
For the next four months or so, every time I'd put my jacket on, I smelled like someone who was working in a car repair shop or a gas station, although if this was the case, I would be the swankest car repair shop or gas station employee ever.
And to add insult to injury, can you imagine what were the only miniatures that we were given in the end? Yeah, you got it right...
...
Fahrenheit is a heavy scent. A very heavy scent. And of course I'm not talking about its potence in aromatic terms only. Even though it's a prolific scorer in the fields of sillage and longevity (the vintage one at least), it's mainly a very serious player in the field that produces legend material.
I have to admit that Fahrenheit is an incomprehensible scent to me.
Peppery notes, but no pepper! Perhaps it's a dirty trick played by some strange reaction between leather and nutmeg. Since I can't point at any other notes and consider them the culprits for this elusive accord, these two have to be the ones responsible.
And then there's this strange, unique and unequalled (but not necessarily nice) accord, which I'm completely incompetent to decipher and therefore to describe it. Not in an satisfying degree at least.
But perhaps it's worth giving it a try.
Since my nose is no big deal, I rarely talk about notes in my reviews. However, Fahrenheit has kept me wondering since 1988 about this "What the hell am I smelling here Christian?" stuff.
The fragrance has three hesperidic notes (Is "hesperidic" a valid word? Internet has not decided yet, so I apologise in advance for the possible barbarism.)
Well, I don't smell them.
It also has five sweet flowery notes.
I don't smell them either.
So, according to their absence of prominence, none of this eight notes is directly responsible for Fahrenheit's distinctive and unforgettable drydown.
So what is it?
I say that it smells like gasoline soaked sandalwood, that someone was crazy enough to set it on fire, and then put the cinders in the inside pocket of an old leather jacket, which he then wears after the gym and without showering first.
And before extolling my imagination... I've done it...
But it just made the whole thing even trickier, because it added a slight cummin note, and cummin is not included in the scent's pyramid. So, what I finally got with my "analysis" was a hint of something that shouldn't be there at all. Very helping...
I could also say that it smells the way some old taxis used to smell back in the '70s, but maybe my mind is playing tricks, trying to place the leather and diesel/gasoline/kerosene/motor oil notes to a matching vessel. However, I can see some connection here, since I believe that if we ask ten people how the inside of a brand new or a very old car smells like, five of them will say that it smells of leather, the other five that it smells of fuel, and all ten of them that it smells of Fahrenheit.
But maybe it's these very same oddities about it, which render Fahrenheit one of the few instantly recognizable fragrances in my book.
I have no idea how the current formulation smells like, and to be honest I don't care. I don't love and I don't hate Fahrenheit. For me it's a perfect example of uniqueness and an unparalleled specimen of aweless perfumery, but I'm still unable to decide whether this example is a paragon or a byword, and whether Fahrenheit's universe and mine are any parallel at all. But my personal likings have nothing to do with the objective stature of the fragrance. Fahrenheit has become a cornerstone and a legend over the years, and it doesn't give a damn if I like it or not. It's just there, too busy being itself.
neutral Pleasant enough sort of white floral-meets-grey musk scent which achieves an interesting balance of hot and cool. The effect doesn't last all too long, and the current version is far more flat than I'd like. The older vintage features a more pronounced honeysuckle, as juicy as they would allow before it interfered with the dry concept. Very pleasant for the first hour and a decent skin scent afterward. I love a well-made masculine floral but this won't suit everyone.
neutral Early 90's date night. Sitting on a couch in a large open room, while you wait on the lady to finish getting ready. Your hands are clasp while you wait. You also have a mustache, and maybe a leather jacket on. It is acceptable because, hey, it's the 90's.
neutral This is a scent that I can wear on occasion when im just tired of typical fragrances and want something that smells different. Ive worn this only a handful of times and each time Ive grown to appreciate and respect it more, but with that said its still not even close to being 1 of my go-to fragrances.

To me it smells outdated and has a dark,industrial,masculine vibe that is actual very well blended. I guess because im more of a fan of fresh,clean scents I dont fully appreciate but as a cologne collector I do respect the originality in this 1.

Its also a long lasting fragrance that will project pretty well :)
positive In 1988 Dior decided to break the mould in terms of men's fragrances and decided to go in a different direction, by turning the established system on it's head. What they managed to create was something entirely unique (even today). They succeeded in creating a truly remarkable and very masculine floral (by using violet, nutmeg, carnation, and a lot of leather).

The result? Something which smells beautifully modern even today. In a word - timeless.

I believe that years later Dior would turn the world of male perfumes on it's head for a second time (with their metrosexual floral leather release 'Dior Homme'). However for many people, this is considered their best masculine and I think it's one of the most unique designer masculine fragrances ever created.

Instead of the Leather-Iris combination used in Dior Homme, here it's Leather and Violet, a pairing which gives off what many people term "sweet motor oil".

Before actually wearing this on my skin, I tried the luxury 'soap' of this for years, never finally wearing the fragrance itself until now. To me this can't be categorised purely by a "gasoline" smell (and I happen to like the smell of petrol). To me, this fragrance smells like an incredibly clean version of petroleum. Imagine a mechanic who after working a long day with the car grease and motor oil, then decided to take a really good bath or shower with luxury, high-quality soap. After he's finished, he smells clean and fragrant, but the original petrol note is under all the soap, and because of this, now starts to smell "clean" as well. Of course this is also a perfectly blended fragrance, and you'll struggle to put your finger on why exactly this smells as good as it does. The combination of violet leaf, leather, nutmeg, musk, geranium, lavender and carnation makes this extremely masculine. However it could be worn very well by a woman because it's also sweet at the same time. It's addictive!

I think the marketing concept of Fahrenheit was a perfume of contrasts. Specifically Hot and Cold, or "Fire and Ice". Fahrenheit is a measurement of temperature, and as a result applies to burning, boiling heat and also icy cold. As an olfactory sensation, Fahrenheit straddles the line between these two extremes, and does it beautifully.

I will say that this smells just as modern as it ever did 25 years ago, and could easily be released today and go on to be a number one hit. It's unique, nothing out there smells like it. It's not like Cool Water (also released in 1988), which went on to spawn the aquatic craze of the 1990's, and as a result is starting to smell a little dated by today's standards. 

This has lost none of it's originality. It is well worth it's reputation. I believe that it can be worn by almost anyone and in any season. It needs no introduction. It is what it is (even in our time)... original, unique, & unmistakably beautiful!
positive One of the original Men's Colognes. A little goes a long way with this masterpiece. Yeah, it has that petrol vibe like a lot of reviewers have mentioned. But it is done well. I call this the Green Leather Scent. One you have to have. 8/10
positive Very unique and masculineI don't know what formulation i have (i purchased in 2011 aprox). It's a nice, manly, strong and unsual scent. PROS:- It's a classic.- Very different (in a good way) to the other fragrances.- Projects and last a lot.- Masculine CONS:- If over apply, can offend to somebody For me, it's a must have. Definitly worth the try. Regards.Pros: Unusual and manly scent than last and projectsCons: Don't over apply"
positive review by stefly321	Got this as a gift from an ex girlfriend who loved it. It does have a whiff of petroleum about it. Not like liquid petroleum but like one that's evaporated and leaves that faint smell. But mixed with its other notes, it does work somehow.
positive Fahrenheit	I discovered Fahrenheit many years ago when my mother gave it to me like a present.	It is quite abstract and surrealistic and brings me to a place, far, far away…	It makes me think of a long journey somewhere far away. It signify the birth and then the death and then again the birth .....	A unique, subtle and genial creation of Dior House.
positive Refined Powerhouse	I once heard someone describe this as smelling like you're mowing the lawn and you spilled a little gas from the mower on your clothes, so you get the smell of freshly cut grass and gasoline fumes. Sounds dreadful, I know...but it's not! It's not an everyday cologne for me, but on my days off when I haven't shaved and slapped on a baseball cap to run errands, this is a fun one to wear.Pros: UniqueCons: 
positive True classic if you wait for the drydown.	This is a classic. Nothing too special or standout but a very nice fragrance to suit any occasion and after sampling, you will instantly recognise it as one you have probably smelt on somebody before at a social gathering, somebody pleasent I hope. 	It's an odd one to me that it goes through 4 distinct stages to my nose. On first spray, fresh out of the bottle on skin I can smell white pepper. Then it turns into a strong smell of Creosote/Tar until it quickly fades into a marine sort of scent, very much much like Bvlgari Aqua. Then it becomes very leathery with a slight soapy background. To anybody familiar with Trumper's range it reminds me of Astor cologne once it has settle but has much better projection and lasting power. 	Definitely one for anybody's collection.Pros: Projection + lasting time.Cons: Strange scent when first sprayed.
positive Great stuff!	I tried this because I'm one of those strange people who actually enjoys the smell of gasoline, and I was hoping the much-hyped petroleum note would satisfy in that regard. Alas, it does not. I can absolutely see why some people describe the note like this, but to my nose it's not overbearing gasoline by any stretch: more like a quick burst of scent, which manifests itself to the wearer at the immediate outset in the same way that gasoline assaults the senses when you fill your car and catch a whiff. A scent which behaves like gasoline's scent, rather than smelling like gasoline, per se. Beyond that, the scent is wonderfully fresh and alive, and is very pleasant. To me, it suggests cut grass on a fine morning in early summer, and it makes me wonder if this is perhaps where the gasoline note is coming from, since the petrol-effect leads into these smells, and may evoke a subconscious thought of a lawnmower, where unbridled masculinity, gasoline, and cut grass all come together. Either way, it's a great fragrance, and I shall be buying a bottle. 
positive A manly man's scent	An interesting scent, it's hard for me to describe notes, apart from a general floral feeling that I attach to this scent. I don't quite get the gasoline/petrol notes that others do, but I do get the uber masculine vibe that is often attached to this scent.. I have had a close female friend describe this as "manly, super manly....the essence of man scent. Like...'Me Tarzan, you Jane' manly," which fits the bill pretty well, I think. Even though I personally like the scent, it is immediately clear to me why this is a hit or miss, love or hate fragrance, though - the gasoline note that many seem to pick up can be an obvious turn off. There are definitely days where I find this scent to be a little overwhelming, or a "bit too much", so to speak. Safety is definitely not the word of the day when it comes to Fahrenheit; it's much more suited for a night out or the gym than a work setting, in my opinion. 	Projection is fantastic - 2-3 sprays is plenty for me. Seems to last forever too, easily get 7+ hours of out it. Have received compliments on this before as well. Overall I find it to be a very bold, masculine scent - great for lifting weights and wrestling bears.
positive One of the best fragrances ever made. I first came to know Fahrenheit in the fall of 1991, when I was in high school. It was very fresh and unique and I continued to wear it through college and it remains in my collection at the top of my most discerning rotation arsenal. 

It begins with slight petroleum note that many associate with the smell of gasoline. This is not overbearing and is crucial to yield a masculine component. It doesn't take long for the nose to recognize the fresh honeysuckle that is grounded by sandalwood. The styrax may lend to additional sweetness but alas, the isn't an overly sweet fragrance. It is masterfully balanced, so much so that its hard to contribute any one aspect of this to the magic that is Fahrenheit. 

Whether you're sailing on a yacht with miffy, hanging at home or in the gym, or doing maniacal chores, Fahrenheit always knows how to play dressed up or dressed down. A fragrance that was conceived in 1988 is still relevant and necessary in today's market and it no way smells dates. Its perhaps the pinnacle of my fresh masculines; a  classic that is here to stay. If you're wondering, the current formulation is just as divine now as it was then with longevity and sillage galore. Two very big thumbs up!
positive Fahrenheit, such a magnificent fragrance, such originality and power waiting to be released every time you spray it. A timeless classic that continues to shine and evoke the essence of man. Fahrenheit probably is one of the few fragrances that is worth every penny and more.

The petroleum vibe is unmistakable, however as years had gone by I don’t really smell “petroleum” anymore, the green/sweet combo from the honeysuckle and mandarin together with some lavender at the opening; the violet, the leather and the vetiver are wonderful and very prominent, the sandalwood is definitely there, just on the background, there is indeed benzoin at the base giving some sweetness and fullness and now that I pay attention after reading the notes I could say that I begin to smell the Pistacia just a little bit. Man, this is epic, this is marvelous.

The downside is that the current formulation is so watered down that the longevity has been lost and I dare to say that the rawness from the ingredients are no longer there but it just shows that in spite of every hit this fragrance has taken there is just no way to bring this masterpiece down. Fantastic.
positive Still the sexiest fragrance on a man with its powerful gasolinic floral scent and the oily leather in the dry down. Thumbs up.
positive Surely there isnt much left to say about this classic scent. Actually it's watered down if compared to vintage version. As said here, this is an iconic fragrance and a must have for any fragrance lover. Big thumbs up for vintage version and just okay for the actual version.
positive I have been wearing this scent for about 6 months now. 

It's a very heavy and masculine scent that does great in winter. It smells slighlty like petrol when first putting it on, but changes quickly to something else that's hard for me to describe.

It's a fantastic and unique scent that has gotten me compliments from different girls and men alike. I think it is however a faux pas to be wearing this all the time, in the way I do. I'm going to keep the bottle for days when I want to feel very manly and my whisky-fueled poker nights.

The downsides are to me that it doesn't project very much, even with 4 sprays.
positive Dastardly! This fragrance has got me all jumbled up. I generally avoid any scent that one can instantly recognize... But this one... I don't get it. I sampled some a while back and found out that it is really something after all. In fact, my girlfriend (who's used to my Amouage and Etat Libre d'Orange, Tom Ford, etc.) actually loves it. She said to me: "This could be a signature scent for you".... not sure what that really means, as every day is different, but it sounded like a real compliment. I bought some.

Honestly, we don't need me to go through the notes. We all know. This fragrance is known. If you like the scent of fire and divine woods + incense, you got it.

Okay... longevity. It's freaking crazy. Once you wear it a few times, the whole house smells like you. It's on my winter coat after two washes. My cat smells like it. This juice is through the damned roof.  This stuff outlasts most of my niche fragrances and doesn't get all mixed up and sickening-smelling like the day-after-on-the-bedsheets thing that other scents do.

Overall, I'd say this has provided me with many cold nights of what I can call nothing but aromatherapy. Out on the town, this is not always my pick, because I smell like every other (hopefully classy) guy. But I can say that this will always be in my collection, and brought out on many Winter nights. 
positive Some fragrances need multiple wearings before you grow to love them.  This fragrance was the complete opposite for me.  My first application was fantastic and this scent quickly made it into my top 5.  Over time though, my applications became spotty with horrible projection and longevity.  I enjoy this fragrance when it has that perfect blend of petroleum base with a sweet touch.  Sometimes I'd get a heavy dose of petroleum only, while other times the only scent detectable was it's sweetness.  If it was consistently blended together and had great longevity and projection, I would easily put this in my top 3.  Instead, it barely gets a thumbs up for me only because I love the scent that much.

8.1/10
positive Fahrenheit is synonymous with classic and best seller! Very popular in the 90s, but so far still with firm steps on the market, and I predict that we will have for a long time. Gasoline for awhile. It is true that with the passage of time has weakened, but still, it is performing very well on the skin. Fahrenheit is recommended as a daily fragrance, sophisticated and elegant cut. Somewhat mature, but as I am of those who believe that perfumes have no age, one that you like, go ahead.
positive I don't know what took me so long to actually try Fahrenheit, for some reason I was under the impression that I didn't like it but man was I wrong!

This is a masculine, intoxicating scent. Starts off with a gasoline/oil that smells a lot better than it sounds. There is also an apple or berry note in the top that keeps the gasoline from bursting into flames. There is also a subtle smoky leather in the middle and dry down that really pulls the whole thing together. 

Here is the visual I get with Fahrenheit:

An antique auto shop brimming with old classics from Rolls Royce to muscle cars. In the corner of the shop a fireplace is roaring, men dressed in flannel shirts with the sleeves rolled up are smoking cherry pipe tobacco, while relaxing on buttery soft leather chairs, aged with patina and character. 

This has become my cold weather scent of choice. 
positive This smell like a sweet leather jacket I dont care what 
anyone says that's the perfect description
positive What a amazing scent I must say It grew on me I must say the first time I sprayed this the petroleum turned me over lol but I give it couple more try and finally I see a masterpiece right here for a perfume in the 80th that can be still worn but the yung crowd I must admit it is well done 
positive i had to change this review. it was a neutral at first. i have retried this fragrance and it is wonderful. i went from hating the opening of this to loving it. i cant reply on the projection or longevity yet, but the smell is top notch.
positive Fahrenheit by Christian Dior - Admittedly, with its dark and somewhat complex opening, with its petro-grungy facets melding with lush greenness, it could prove challenging. However, the overall scent is, perhaps, one of the best, green scents. The nuances from the opening, middle and base were and are the epitome of a ground-breaking scent, and, to me, defines sexy, classy and sophisticated. 
positive This is a totally unique fragrance, as distinctive smelling now as when it came out.  I first smelled it when it was launched at a duty free shop in the Caribbean and associated the smell with that part of the world for years.  Shortly after that I was on the Piccadilly line going from Heathrow into London.  A very well-dressed Frenchman got on at the same time and sat directly across from me--I remember smelling his Farenheit (totally recognizable) and remembering St. Barts....  To many the petrol note summons up automobiles and garages, but to me it brings to mind the old fashioned gasoline-powered lawnmovers, freshly cut gress (is that the Hawthorn?) and manly sweat.  This reminds me of my father when I was very young and he would mow the lawn on a hot day.  A great scent and while it has spawned many flankers, it still remains the best of the lot, totally distinctive and simple good smelling.  Kudos to Dior for going out on a gasoline/cut grass limb which at the time was untested territory. 
positive Very unique and very beautiful masculine fragrance. Definitely masculine. Opening reminds me of gasoline, but very attractive for some reason, fresh and reinvigorating too. After that, this becomes imo a perfect spring fragrance (flowers, fresh aspects, etc.). It's a masterpiece for sure and can be worn by a man of any age. Young guys can rock this one too, not many do but this is a great smelling fragrance, that will appeal to girls who like men that smell like men.

negative Unique, but I'll passI gave this one a fair shot and really tried to like it especially in light of its notoriety and good publicity. But there is really something about it that does not sit well with me and I dont know exactly what it is. Probably something in the floral notes that kinda pushes me away. But I do have to admit that it deserves the popularity it has. Very unique scent and it is quite "ballsy", but not in a gasoline smelling way unfortunately... Whoever claims it smells like you spilled some gas on yourself at the station, like... you ever BEEN at the gas station?? :)) I really wish it did smell like that and that is the main reason I tried it out in the first place.A classic? I think so, but I would be okay leaving it behind.
negative I just can't get past the gasoline/petrol note.  It smells like I was pumping gasoline  and spilled it on my hands.  Dry down is a little better.
negative 

This is one of the fragrances you can trust what people say in reviews about. I realize many people say this fragrance smells exactly like this or that, and I find that almost all of the time it's not very accurate.

However for Fahrenheit, you can take everyone's word that after 30secs of the first spray, it smells like gasoline. Many people like that particular smell. But for me, I just can't get past that. I was just scratching my head wondering how people would like the smell of this. Even a friend of mine was very put off by it and demanded I throw away the sample. I do smell the violet leaves creeping in after a while and I adore that note in fragrances and does give Fahrenheit a strange but fresh vibe. But the gasoline note is still the main focus of this fragrance.

Now I didn't want to throw it away because I wanted to give it a chance and see if it dries down to something beautiful. But she's right, what's the point if it did dry down to something that smells brilliant? When the top and middle notes are enough to make me feel horrible about myself.

Sorry Dior, but Fahrenheit is just not for me.
negative Love it or hate it? HATE it. Smells like honeysuckle got smothered all over my body. Sweet to the point of cloying, and just a bad smell even if it wasnt so sweet. Tried to give my sample to my roommates, they didnt want it either.

neutral Fahrenheit by Dior	While I originally gave this fragrance high marks, but after a reformulation of the product which took into effect around 2011, I had to reduce the rating of this one. 	What used to be a grassy green fresh bright violet scent with a little bit of a gasoline smell is now a bergamot-leather headache, which to me is vomit inducing and not pleasant at all. 	This used to be one of my favorite fragrances, and it was a classic that endured for so long, but this reformulation wasn't just a slight change.  It was a dramatic change which took away everything I loved about the original. 	Try to find the vintage if you can, but otherwise, avoid this one at all costs.
neutral thumbs up!! vintage vintage fahrenheit where are you? the new crap juice they make now days man...i hate it!!! sucks! but still amazing frag with personality not for the shy boys! amazing silage and longevity! 5 stars!!
ps: don't bother buying the new wateredown version of this frag...waisting your money! sorry DIOR, 
positive This is enjoyable, interesting and evocative for me, but will not be for everyone. Tuscan Leather kicks off with a photorealistic rendition of new car leather, cocaine and raspberry. It’s brash, unashamedly synthetic and in your face in a manner I particularly enjoy, in the same way that many people find getting a whiff of petrol to be pleasant. 

As the alkaloid/diesel top dies down it turns into a mixture of spicy hide with a solid chemical base that never seems to let its opening go away completely. For a 2012 batch performance is strong lasting over 12 hours, sillage is tight and dense. 

It’s simple to describe, easy to like, but challenging to justify a full bottle at Private Label prices is dicey.... for one simple reason. 

Fahrenheit.

If Fahrenheit is a hardworking, modest, industrialist millionaire, Tuscan Leather is his depraved, entitled trust fund douche bag son. Amazing execution and all, is Tuscan Leather worth triple the asking price of the father of this style? 

Still a definite thumbs up and I’m very happy with my decant. But if you haven’t referenced Dior’s masculine classic, that ought to be your jumping off point. 
positive One of the best modern leathers on the market today and worthy of all the acclaim and buzz. There is a reason it get's copied by Clive Christian and others as it's a modern designer masterpiece, great job with this one TF! A must try.
positive Narcotique;..-- Narcotico!

Bare with my bullshit, please...

So... Here we go. I first read about TL some years ago... prior to my stay in France (studied language there for six months). Seem'd like my type of scent. Elegant, dark leather, wow I thought. I was still - who knows maybe am still today - in my initiation phase; I praised perfume as "status symbol", as a garment, in a way - but let's not forget I've always genuinely adored scents and tastes etc. 

Today.. many years later.. it hit me what Tuscan Leather really portraits. Although, I had always bare a good hint; 

Let me give you a clue: When arriving in Provence, south of France, I wore my thrifted Armani jacket. I'm 99.99% sure it's a fake. However it's black, and it's suede, or at the least fake suede. First time applying TL was in France, I wore that jacket, covered it, three sprays or so. Lovely! for me TL was always sort of that black suede. Then later during my trip I went to a The Kooples, spotted a suede leather jacket... I went to some other designer store, spotted a black suede coat... which was REALLY expensive... Never really cared about their scent, prolly didn't sniff em, but to me they screamed: TL!

Today some new gloves of mine arrived by mail, as my old ones got lost..

I ordered a pair of brown leather gloves and a pair of black, also suede. They differ only in two aspects: color and odor. The brown leather has a much more, shall I say, musty odor; I think it's more accurate to the actual smell of purely tanned leather, lacking the sweetness of black suede - when leather gets tanned for the western market, it's chemically or perhaps sometimes organically treated to give it a less harsch scent/odor; leading to leathers smelling differently, usually the same color of leather have similar scent, for example: I can tell if there's a beige leather sofa in a room, or if your sneakers are white, just by sense of smell).

Now the TL;DR

Tuscan leather smells sweet like black suede. The black suede I smelled was made from goat leather. Although I find these aspects in the black goat suede too, raspberry and ashy smoke are amplified in TL. There's also something tobacco-ey. And something moist, watery, perhaps a moist rose, an absolute, which might definitely be used also for the black suede tanning. Or perhaps I'm mixing stuff up here.. As i brings both noir the noir and oud by MFK to mind, I though it was rose, but only NdN has rose, but both of them has saffron, so does TL, perhaps it's the saffron, which may be used for black suede tanning, too. The thyme is there, too. Perhaps that's why it'a so powdery, dry. 


I Imagine Tuscan leather as gothic, mysterious, sort of Johnny Depp in Sleepy Hollow. 

A Tuscan gentleman, in black suede.     







positive Powerful, very distinctive masculine fragrance with a bittersweet raspberry effect.

I would not call it a leather fragrance except in a completely abstract sense, and I doubt whether many people would describe it in these terms, were it not for the name. It is a million miles from the odour of shoes or leather goods.

On the other hand I am aware that perfumers use the term leathery  to denote fragrances with a certain dry smoky phenolic quality due to the presence of quinolines, an example being aramis. 

If you had to describe this perfume to someone who had never encountered it, you might say it is aramis on steroids, plus a mountain of raspberries.
positive You're doing yourself a disservice if you like leather notes, but haven't tried this one. I love leather perfumes and this is one of the best - maybe a toss up between Acqua di Parma leather.
positive A true delight to wear. 

Definitely a masculine, refined and confident fragrance. 

It will always be in my collection.

8/10
positive Original:
Alright. I'm about 15+ hours into Tuscan Leather. I was not a fan of the initial smell, but it did grow on me. I didn't know about the whole Drake song, and the pop culture references to it. I guess I somehow missed that. I'm not a hip hop guy. The drydown I didn't feel was super different. Becoming used to smelling it, it smells unique. It smells male. The rasberries are there, but it is not overly fruity. I can understand people liking this fragrance. I reapplied 8 hours in and it is still kicking. I know I can still get wafts of it without burying my nose. Good/great performance. 

Supplemental: This is a great fragrance.  The smell is addictive.  The performance is stellar.  It is a sweet masculine leather.  Never have to worry about wearing it in any situation.  
positive The Tuscan Leather

I sprayed this one on paper at the Ataturk Airport in Istanbul. I instantly fell in love with it. Even on paper there was a good projection, and the longevity +12 Hours.

On my return, I sprayed it behind my ears. What I got was smoky-leather with a hint of sweet Raspberry.. Exquisite scent. The leather is done very very well. 

The character of this scent is seductive,mature and masculine at the same time.
Even though it's Unisex, it is more suitable for men than for women.
positive Pro: This is an instantly likable male scent (not that a woman couldn't wear it, but it is not surprising on a man). The raspberry/leather combination works well, imo.

Contra: Comes off as pretty synthetic, and has little development. This is very linear. 

At this price, not fb-worthy for me. Not a bad bottle to have, though.
positive Magnificent leather experience! Reminiscent of fine-quality leather jackets, wafting with smooth berry and spice and luxurious suede. 

Tom Ford's "nose" paints a picture of something rich and dignified, using an interesting array of notes to achieve an atypical leather scent. 

Thus, it is in the perception and expectation of the smeller how it ultimately comes across: Pleasant or putrid, pricy or cheap, relatable or alienating.

I find it lush, glorious, thought-provoking and overall very classy. Opinions will and do vary on this one!
positive Greetings. Tuscan Leather by Tom Ford, from the scent connoisseur's perspective -
Truly a Masterpiece!
Worth all its notoriety and hype garnered.
Easily the one of the most elegant masculine fragrances I've had the pleasure of encountering. 

Vintage Tom Ford

As polarizing as this is, what this fragrance evokes to me is the inside of a luxurious car's leather interior with a wonderful smokey saffron note which makes this fragrance stand in its own distinguished class from other great leather fragrances.

As for the highly mentioned...raspberry note, I cannot speak to this, I do not detect raspberry because I have no clue what a raspberry smells like.

With that said - word to the wise: TRY BEFORE YOU BUY! This is not for everyone, this is not versatile, and this is not a mass pleaser. 
It takes a certain level of unapologetic arrogance and apathy to rock this fragrance because it will offend plenty. It comes with the territory and just draws attention that way. Not a fragrance to overspray by any means.

This is an Alpha Male fragrance worthy of the podium it sits on and its Golden Tom Ford crown it wears.

10/10 rating.
positive Strong, bitter leather with honey, green spices and smoke. Very well crafted. 
positive I didn't want to love this one (especially at the price!) but when I ordered a bunch of samples, Tuscan Leather kept calling me back.

Smells like a fine Italian leather jacket, not a saddle or catchers mitt.  The raspberry in the background makes it fascinating.  I don't get any smoke.

Tuscan Leather lasts well over 12 hours for me.  1 spray is it for me so I can't really comment on the sillage.

This is a love it or hate it frag.  Not a good blind buy and I wouldn't recommend it for steamy summer days but I think everyone should sample Tuscan Leather for reference.

positive Where do I start???

When I first tried Tuscan Leather I thought it was too over bearing. Maybe too opulent and full of leather and nothing else. After playing around with it over the past few years I have come to appreciate this wonderful fragrance. 

Tuscan Leather does come across as full on. It does come across as a bit of a playboy. It does come across as slightly aggressive and cocksure. So I can see how some of the more reserved members could find it repulsive.

I actually get more suede than leather. I get the slight raspberry/tart note. Other than that the fragrance is pretty linear. What you get at the start will be what you get at the finishing line.

With regards to the cocaine association, I totally get it. And it's not just a fleeting note. It's there. To me it's deliberate. As someone who has never really been into that scene, I confess that I am no expert. However, I know what the stuff smells like and it's all here.

This is a statement fragrance. You will stand head and shoulders above the rest. Just be sure to pick and choose the right occasion. 




positive Nice leather scent. The raspberry really does sit beneath it and is difficult to detect. It does dry down to a sweet vanilla, but my skin loves vanilla and always makes it more pronounced. Elegant and cozy. I wore it frequently this winter.
positive A classy bright leather based fragrance.
Tuscan leather is one of those fragrances that smells better when it is sniffed from a distance rather than up close. i get the raspberry and saffron in the opening followed by a bright and sharp leathery note. it does not smell dark to me. longevity is excellent.

Rating: 8.7/10
positive Tuscan Leather is probably the closest thing to an animalic that I'll wear. The opening smells like oiled leather. The oil is strong to my senses, almost more so than the leather to begin with. It's not unpleasant and feels musty and earthy to some degree. I found myself waiting for the raspberry to appear. I'm now three hours in and the addition of the raspberry with the oiled leather smells great! I'm enjoying it much more now. I'm at seven hours in now and this has mellowed into a wonderfully enjoyable fragrance. The "oiled" smell has dissipated to the point that it's barely noticeable now. At the lower level it adds more to the composition in my opinion. I've had four female co-workers tell me today that this smelled great! That's a pretty decent testimonial!
positive Being number 9 in a series of 16 reviews on critically acclaimed and noteworthy scents. 

For my money, Tuscan Leather provides a very good middle path between completely rugged leathers, which I can give or take, and fragrances that incorporate leather in some form as a subsidiary accord. 

It starts off with a version of leather that is robust enough to be believable, and as per the name is redolent of a high quality leather garment or accessory straight out of an exclusive boutique somewhere in Italy. The transition is a gradual but smooth one, working through various florals, perhaps gardenia and violet, to end with a sweetish raspberry accord that retains just enough of the leather to make it work. Once the leather at the beginning wears off, TL betrays its unisex origins. I would like to smell this on a woman and see what happens (with the development of the fragrance). 

Sillage is uncompromising and longevity nuclear. The quality is high and while I am not likely to part with the money for it any time soon, it keeps you interested. I think I'm a fan. 
positive Stardate 20160908:

A great modern fruity leather. While no BelAmi in composition, it is more wearable.

It is a trendsetter and hence copied shamelessly (and improved IMO) by PdM's Godolphin, AdP Colonia Leather, La Yuqawam etc.

Everyone should smell this and the others listed above. And then buy one that suits you the best.





negative There’s a blatant dirty note in this - I’m surprised it’s not mentioned more.  The first time I tested this on skin, I even went to my kitchen spice rack in the hopes I could identify this almost-but-not-quite sweaty smell.  No dice - thyme smells totally different.  I’m not able to discern any raspberry (or any other fruity note), no jasmine, either.  As it dries down, it becomes very petrochemical and finally I get a clear peek at the leather.  The black leather is hard, nothing soft or suede-like (I ride a Harley, and my black leather reference is the smell of my riding chaps).  The gasoline smell eventually slides away to leave leather standing alone.  I’ve tried this several times now and the conclusion I’ve arrived at is the drydown (just ok, not great) isn’t worth what I have to endure to get there.
negative This is a very dry leather. As if you're smelling a totally dried up tan leather hide at a manufacturer's place. If there's even raspberry present in the opening, it's a very papery one and almost not present at all. Also, it's as if the stem of the plant has been scraped too. 

After the opening the spicyness is, well, awful. A harsh thyme, making it lean towards the scent of a kitchen spices cupboard. My best description atttempt: a concoction of thyme, cloves and sharp incense.

If only that leathery opening just remained as is. I would have rated it neutral. More raspberry and with the spice mess out of it, I would've rated it positive even. Where Tuscan leather goes however after the opening is just.. bad, for a lack of better words. Oh and then there's the price...
negative Not unpleasant just joyless; a monotone ashtray experience. 
negative Made the mistake of putting this on my skin.  Leatherman leather scent mixed with Estee Lauder Beautiful.  Don't get me wrong, Beautiful is a good aldahydic floralish, but putting cheap leather over the top is worse than me putting Li over "the leather scent" (try it, you'll like it).  For what you are charging for Estee Lauder crap - you should be ashamed.  I mean you really cute and alll..wait, no, you should be ashamed.  Also, leather was gone in less than 15 minutes.  Seriously?  Just use a little more of the fetish shop oil.  That shit lasts all day.
negative This is a complete joke. If want to smell like leather buy Rasasi La Yuqawam which is more subtle and fresh (as much as any leather can be) and is almost a delight.
If you want to be ripped off with a lower quality fragrance then Tom Ford it is but rest assured no one who smells it will know. Maybe you want to feel you smell like the inside of a Veyron? After all art should be for you not the beholder. In this case Tom Ford's bank account.

Fragrance: 2/5
Projection: 3/5
Longevity: 3/5
negative Disappointing from Tom Ford, especially with the price tag. I don't consider it as unisex, definitely masculine, but it is way behind Noble Leather and Leather Oud. The smell is much raw and dirtier and resembles my mate's 2007 Vauxhall Astra, or maybe dirty football socks. There are much better leather fragrances available for the same price or less.

neutral First of all I must confess to being a new nose to reviewing fragrances and have only recently developed a collection. Since starting my collection I’ve developed a distinct preference for Tom Ford’s scents.
When I sprayed Tuscan Leather on my skin for the first time I really didn’t like it. It smelled like very old dry leather without a hint of the fruit and spice it’s supposed to contain. To give it a real world description it was reminiscent of an old saddler’s museum with the old saddles and bridles on display.
However, a couple of hours later the stale oldness faded and a more distinct leathery and fruitiness remained.

neutral Nothing special about this one. The opening smells like a taxi driver who wears an used leather jacket. All the notes are synthetic to the bone. 

After the dry down it is like the taxi driver sprays a cheap deodorant on his leather jacket and now he also smells like raspberry. Strange and illogical mix.

neutral In the beginning this out blacks Bvlgari  black. Definitely gasoline oil rag auto shop smell. Drive down pretty fast, doesn't seem like it's got the legs that Italian cypress had. Just doesn't envelop you like that one.  I needed to put the whole sample on. 
Avg longevity and projection.
neutral I'm torn.  I personally find it to be an interesting scent if a little overbearing.  My wife on the other hand hates it.  Her great aunt used to be a heavy smoker, so to my wife this smells like her aunt's car.  A mixture of stale smoke mixed with a mature feminine perfume? Do I want to smell like that? Probably not. Also, maybe it's me, but have any of these perfumers ever actually smelled leather? This does not smell like leather...
neutral I loved this scent from the first spray... I tested in my skin and bought a 50ml bottle from 2016. For my bad luck the scent on my skin will last at top 4 hours and sillage almost none, projection about 2hours... maybe it is my nose but when I dont smell it on my skin is because it is not working... true shame...I tested again in different boutiques and it is the same...probably this 2016 batches are not good or it was reformulated...the smell of the first spray it is magic, classic what a true gentlemen should smell with a nice suit...
positive I love everything about this.  It is spicy, leather, wonderful sillage and longevity.  Best of the Tom Ford line...EXCEPT ONE THING...La Yuqawam pour Homme Rasasi smells IDENTICAL and costs under $100 while this is in the neighborhood of $200
positive If Tom Fords Tuscan Leather were a wine, It would be a huge unapologetic Cabernet. This is massive leather with crushed blackberry,raspberry and saffron beneath it. This scent is sophisticated testosterone in a bottle that will bully all your other fragrances. Think Ron Swanson in a leather chair, smoking a cigar and drinking his Lagavulin whiskey by a crackling Yule log.

Mar
17
2016 

positive Thus stuff is awesome, I mean really awesome. Definitely stout and maybe too much for some but you have to appreciate the raw power in just one spray. It Exudes a confident aura of ruggedness. I have been through three samples/decants this winter and looking to get a bottle soon. Top note is definitely a rich leather kind of like Connolly hides in an antique British roadster with some sweet smoke mixed in. I get hints of the raspberry but my nose is so enamoured by the leather it doesn't stay with me. Again expensive and should be sampled thoroughly but special in so many ways.
positive I'm not saying that you have to have a rough style with leather bracelets and other male jewlery, but it definitely helps if you are comfortable having a bit of a Johnny Depp-esque style if you are going to pull this off. Rough, confident men can wear this. 

Fantastic, authentic smell, but not for everyone. 
positive Salutation.

The stuff of addiction.If you've ever wanted to be so classy, sophisticated and sensual that is intrigues your presence,much like JAMES BOND,then TUSCAN LEATHER TOM FORD would be your perfume of choice.The private Blend lineup is full of great choice like this one and Tobacco Vanille.this my new favorite is truly a gem because not many poople wear it and this smells far better than 90% of the fragrances out in the market today. TUSCAN LEATHER exudes class and demands the envy of others. Rich,Leathery,Smoky, Special,Bitter,Expensive,Addictive and Masterpiece.

This great fragrance opens with saffron and raspberry for a powerful introduction,before fading into a heart of jasmine and olibanum.finally leathery notes bring a warm masculinity to the base however it is a unisex but i found it more masculine than feminine. the dry down is absulutely unique.it definitely a perfume that can worn to formal prties and all formal occassions.the best seasons Autumn and Winter to wear it.ideal for a rich tycoon. everyone who thinks this kind of perfumes are too expensive and junky,then dosent have a right perception of essence of perfume world.expensive yes,but so worth it.it smells like you spent a fortune on it and will leave you wanting to wear it day after day.Royal Enchanment in a bottle!

Sillage?Great.

Longevity?+8 hourson my skin.

7.75/10
positive This cologne is REALLY incredible.  The name describes it well.

The first time I sprayed it on, it hit me. ...it reminded me of a very particular aroma.

When I was a kid, i remember trying to wear my grandpa's old leather bomber jacket. --You know, the type with the woolen collar?  The jacket just had a smell, an aroma, an aura.  It smelled like all the fun and cool things my grandpa liked to do.  It smelled of tobacco pipe smoke, a gentleman's hint of some sort of booze, old exhaust-beaten leather and it smelled dirty, but earthen and not odorous.

I wish I could post an old photo of him in that jacket.  The picture alone would exude "Tuscan Leather".

The dry down doesn't change the aroma as much as some other Tom Ford samples I've tried, it stays consistently the same type of aroma from start to finish.  I really enjoyed it.  8/10 for me.
positive A classically-masculine smooth leather, with elements of woodiness and smokiness.   This mostly lives up to the hype, though I'm not surprised since most Tom Ford Private Blend fragrances impress on uniqueness or strength at least.  As I'm not typically a fan of leather notes, I was surprised how agreeable this was.  I cannot detect the raspberry note specifically, though some of the floral/grassy elements are there.

Projection and longevity are both strong (more than a foot, and 8+ hours), though not as a strong as other TF PB cold weather entries like Tobacco Vanille or  Noir de Noir.  Nonetheless, it's worth trying and considering, even for the price tag, as it's well-crafted and pretty highly-concentrated

If I were bigger on leather, I would surely opt for this.  Any man should try it for himself, though, even those like me that are not usually too keen on leather.

8 out of 10 
positive This fragrance lived up to the hype for me, but was more refined and 'civil' than I had expected. Very little raspberry to my nose (and almost no smoke) with a prominent leather scent that's simultaneously raw yet soft.

Maybe my nose is going haywire, but on dry down I get pencil shavings, yet there's no cedar listed in the notes... maybe it's the olibanum + the styrax together? Regardless, it works. The leather and wood give me the ambience of a craftsman's workshop.

It's tenacious. I can't speak to projection/sillage, but it seems potent enough on my skin that I dare not more than two sprays.

Not complex at all yet seems perfectly blended... incredibly smooth yet the leather gives it a nice edge. The price hurts but I don't care -- I love this stuff.
positive I love leather scents and Tom Ford Tuscan Leather (sample from TPC - theperfumedcourt.com) does not disappoint!  Thyme was very present at first, but I only caught a whiff of raspberry up top then more developed later.  I detected leather on opening, the heart and at the base.  A very rich, expensive leather with a hint of smokiness to it and a background of suede at drydown.

I wore this to work (big mistake!), and it was a bit much for the office.  In future, I’d wear this in more casual settings or a night out.  The projection and sillage are incredible (which I adore) so a little over the top to my nose for a professional setting.  I would step out of my office and return 15-20 minutes later and still smell “me” in the room.  I put this on before work in the morning and it was almost as strong when I got home at night 10 hours later!  I also used 4 sprays (chest, neck, wrists), and next time I’d probably just do 1 good spray to the chest.  I had forgotten before putting this on it was an EDP.

IMO this is really a very masculine scent and I’m not convinced it is unisex.  Unless you REALLY love being enveloped in the scent of leather all day this should be avoided, and the scent is enhanced beautifully when outside in the cold weather - Yum!!  I’d recommend only 1 – 2 good sprays.  I love this, and will probably procure a small 5ml vial from TPC since you can buy small quantity juice there, just to have some on hand for special occasions when I want a sophisticated leather fragrance in the winter months.

As always, your results may vary!
positive I thought the same thing when the woman at Nordstroms sprayed me with it.Oh man Leather on my skin now I smell just like a coat and I live in FL so it was warm outside and I would walk pass people thinking I smell like  a leather coat in 75 degree weather. But as I left and went home the most amazing thing happened I rolled down the window and my gosh the most beautiful smell arose and entered my nostrils.  I looked at the freshener in the car nope and smelled my arm where she sprayed and it was awesome.  The dry down was amazing so much so I turned around and went back 20 min to pick it up.  So many compliments now at work. It works well in the heat also. Love it 10 Thumbs up
positive This is the right fragrance at the right time for me. It has the concentrated niche smell I love, and it's a smoky leather version that is perfectly safe and enjoyable.

Update: This stuff lasts forever on clothing but isn't too powerful if it touches skin only. The development is challenging, and my initial enthusiasm has turned to caution. I'm leaving it as thumbs up, but I need to wear it more to decide if it's really for me, and something I'm sure I like. I'm thinking it may go into the neutral category, but I'm giving myself time to try to understand the Tom Ford Private Blends, and whether they're actually any good.
positive SMOKE!

That is all I could smell in the opening of this one, but not a mild cigar type smoke.  More like an industrial coal burning smoke, extremely strong for the first hour or so.

The dry down has now mellowed to a gorgeous raspberry note backed up by an oriental or middle eastern fragrance that I can't quite put my finger on.

The stangest thing is, i'm not really getting leather as such, perhaps the vaguest hint is there but certainly not in the foreground. (must be my un-educated nose).

When I first sprayed this on I was a bit overwhelmed (the opening is SO powerful), and thought that if I smelled like this the entire day I wouldn't wear it again.  But after an hour or so it calms down, and then you realise that this is excellent stuff.

Buy a sample first (I did) because this will certainly not be everyone's cup of tea, and go easy on the sprays!

But WOW, this is a real winner!
positive Upon originally smelling this, I got an overwhelming amount of smoke that obscured any of the other components, including the namesake Leather.  Various trips to the Tom Ford counter at my local Nordstrom got me several samples which I layered with TF Mandarino and again with Oud Wood which really brought out the leather and the raspberry in the dry down that everyone talks about (and layered really well too).  Since I'm finally able to get past the smoke, this well crafted, challenging (for me) and ultimately rewarding gets this frag a thumbs up from me. 
positive This is a very well behaved fragrance. For me it opens up with a strong leather note. Fresh leather but not raw like cuir d'arabie. It's kind of like AdP Leather with the citrus substituted for the raspberry. However, for me at least, this did not last more that 10-15 minutes. The dry down is long lasting - it has serious legs on my skin. A little too much raspberry for me. It is masculine though. Refined and for the more mature man. Overall it is a quality fragrance but I would not pay the high price for it. 
positive Genre: Leather

The purist’s leather:  a rich, smoky, birch tar-laden leather accord unencumbered by much of anything else. Critics might complain that this is more of a perfumer’s “base” than a true fragrance, but if you want unadulterated leather, this is it. Linear for a couple of hours before it fades into a dry woody amber. 

Forget the jasmine, frankincense, herbs, and saffron in the pyramid. It’s about the leather,  so if you think the iris and civet in Chanel Cuir de Russie, the fruit, moss, and spices in Knize Ten, and the oudh in Oud Cuir d’Arabie are all distractions, this may be your leather scent. If any of these others are your leather ideal, you might find Tuscan Leather incomplete. But I can’t deny that it smells good!

positive yea. raspberry and leather. a classy scent. Tuscan leather is a well behaved and safe scent. classy not sexy. 
positive New to the fragrance game. I got a good deal on ebay for a lot including this perfume, amouage (i still don't know which one), aedes de venustas, narciso rodriguez, 3 hermes fragrances etc. When i first tried TL out, it felt very harsh and sour and I just couldn't get myself to like it so i immediately listed it on ebay for sale and went to bed. 6hrs later I woke up, in the middle of the night, and the listing already had 12 watchers and then something magical happened - I smelled the fragrance on my wrist - and it had evolved so nicely - still very leathery but it had lost the harshness it had when it opened. I immediately took it off ebay (thankfully, no one had placed a bid yet). I took my shower, went to school and returned and I can still smell this beast on my wrist(18hrs later). Im so keeping this. I'll probably get a bottle of TV too so I can layer it on this because this is likely to be difficult to wear for a young dude like me. BTW, first review on basenotes - yaaaay!!!
positive My personal favorite of the Private Blend line. A fantastic leather scent. Off the top there are nice notes of raspberry mixed in. On my skin, it dried down to a very rich smokiness, with amber mixed into the picture as well.  I think this is a rugged, mature fragrance and is great for a cool evening. The woman at the Tom Ford counter described this as the cologne for "the man's man" and I would agree

The longevity is fantastic, it lasted for many hours on my skin. Really happy with this fragrance. 
positive Standing at the Counter in Neiman Marcus, I turn to my wife and ask "Aventus or the Millesime?". Like a stubborn child refusing to leave the toy store without her wishes granted, she replied "Tuscan Leather.". 

We left with a sample spray of TL on one wrist and MI on the other. The combination was heaven. We spent the next few hours switching off wrists to nose. The next morning we were pleasantly surprised to find Mr. Ford stayed for breakfast. The longevity makes it extremely difficult to pull the trigger on a bottle of the Creed. If I could wear only one fragrance from this day forth, this is the one. It's extremely classy and luxurious, although honestly, I do associate its scent with a luxury of the past (as one reviewer put it, Tony Montana's desk). I'm not sure how we would have interpreted this fragrance without that association. 
positive Tuscan leather is the background smell of a Scorsese crime drama. The bold leather note is accompanied by an equally bold (and opulant) raspberry note. As the fragrance dries down the leather smoothes out, the saffron comes forward, and the raspberry remains although less punchy sweet. Throughout the whole affair fresh cigarette ashes linger in the background. The sillage is powerful and the longevity is nuclear, especially on clothes. The timid best stay away from this as Tuscan Leather will wear the weak.

9.5/10
positive Fantastic!The best Tom Ford scent ever.  Lasts forever, masterpiece.

negative I'm having a very love / hate relationship with TL right now...

It was recommended to me by a fellow Basenote'er who said that it wasn't a particularly attractive fragrance, but that it had an "aura" about ti that made it impossible to stop sniffing. After giving it a try myself, I think he's exactly right. It does have a strange aura to it that makes it oddly attractive, but downright repulsive at the same time. 

The opening is just lovely, and I agree with what others have said about the leather note being the finest quality cleanest leather they've ever smelled... it is. The only problem is that this lasts-- at least on my skin--  for about 30 second-- literally. 

From 30 seconds after the first spray, the lovely leather is gone, and I do mean gone. TL very, VERY quickly transforms into a pungent ashtray smell that dominates absolutely everything else and hangs around for hours before the real dry down commences and it turns into something more manageable. The ashtray phase still carries that indescribably attractive aura around it, but it's such a hit or miss kind of scent that depends not only on your mood at the time, but also on who's around when you're wearing it. 

There are days that it smells incredible, rugged, ultra masculine, and kind of sexy. Then there are other days where it makes me near-nauseas and paranoid that everyone around me thinks I smell like, well, a dirty, wet ashtray. 

The only way I can describe this aura is that the fragrance as a whole smells like a man's man who went to work smelling amazing in a crisp suit, but then had a really REALLY bad day and wound up on a bender in a dark, dank, smoke filled bar... kind of like Don Draper in the 4th season of Mad Men. The 30-second opening smells exactly like you want this to smell-- the guy at the beginning of his day-- but the middle ashtray phase makes me smell like something that I'm not sure I want to smell like, and that I'm not sure anyone around me wants to smell either. I don't think I've ever heard anyone say, "Wow, that ashtray on the bar smells incredible!"

If the opening stuck around longer, or at least meshed better with the ashtray, this would be a surefire purchase, But with the ashtray phase dominating the scent for so long, I have no idea where I could wear this without being worried that I'm turning everyone around me off in very a big way. 

I even tried layering this with Oud Wood and Tobacco Vanille to take the bite out of that ashtray phase, but no luck. The ashtray overpowers everything, even the beast Tobacco Vanille. 
negative As an avid equestrienne, I had VERY high hopes for this fragrance. I imagined it would transport me to the tack rooms of my youth and more recent years. Instead, it left a retched stench on my hand that made me wish I could take a second shower. 

Usually, I can deal with a scent I dislike, but this one turns my stomach. I am neurotic about high quality leather. The saddles I have purchased over the years could have been a VERY nice down payment on a very nice home. I have owned Italian leather boots, custom made for my foot and legs. I have owned Italian saddles. I have owned French saddles. What I am trying to impress upon the reader is this: I know leather and I know it WELL. This scent is NOT leather. I do not know what it is, but it is not properly tanned, high-quality, desirable leather. 

This, it will not make the shelf.
negative Dominant raspberry and slightly smokey leather that dries down so sweet that it hurts. 
negative I’m a leather freak.

With that said, this is easily the most overrated scent of all time. To be brutally honest, this fragrance smells like an uncultured teenage girl who doused herself in a $5 bottle of Body Fantasies Body Spray (raspberry of course) and then went outside and smoked a cigarette. No joke—that is exactly what this smells like. Truly, this fragrance is a monstrosity. I was scrubbing my arms after an hour, and yet it lingered—wouldn’t leave. 

My girlfriend smelled it (who is not into fragrances, but can pick out notes like nobody I know) and she immediately smelled ashtray and turned away in repulsion, which corresponded with my own impression. I asked several other people and they all thought it was nasty/cheap smelling. The sickly sweet raspberry note smells cheap and kitschy. There is no refined leather here. I honestly question the taste of people who like this fragrance. I think there might be a little brand loyalty at play here. Sorry, but it’s true. 

I always look for the redeeming qualities in a fragrance. I have smelled masterpieces that I would personally never wear. I’ve never reacted this negatively to a perfume. However, there are no redeeming qualities in this fragrance. The price is the cherry on top—laughable. 

Two massive thumbs down! AVOID!!!

negative I must say I am a bit disappointed with Tuscan Leather. Its just too over-powering, last time I wore it my respiratory system didn't appreciate it. I can only do a single dab or drop and even still its too strong. Just not worth the burden, plus it doesn't smell all that great IMO. 

neutral I have spent a fair amount of time in Tuscany (buying leathergoods!) but I have spent even more time in Los Angeles' Olvera Street, a historic bit of old, Spanish Los Angeles now largely catering to tourists although locals go there, too. The cobbled street is lined with stalls selling wonderful Mexican food as well as Mexican craft items like embroidered dresses, huarache sandals and tooled leather purses and belts. This is EXACTLY what Tuscan Leather smells like to me, the native leather goods in a Mexican street market. A raw, in your face leather. This is a great smell (to me) but is as far away from the Via Tornabuoni as carnitas is from Bistecca alla Fiorentina, or Diego Rivera from Cimabue. All excellent but worlds apart. I like this although I tend to prefer other leather scents.  With Tuscan Leather I get only a fleeting raspberry topnote.  Like all of Ford's private blends, this is strong and well made (as you would hope, for the price).
neutral A dark and smoky leather based fragrance with touch of fruity notes to tune down that wild and angry leather note!
At the opening, when for spray it on your skin, you can smell dark and smoky leather note mixed with some tobacco and some sweet raspberry note.
The sweet raspberry note isn't that strong, but also it's not as weak as some people keep talking about.
It's there and you can easily smell it, but because of strong leather smell it's in the background.
It's a linear fragrance so do not expect too much change.
In the dry down smoky leather settle down just a bit and fruity raspberry note become a little stronger.
Very good projection and longevity.
neutral Opens very sweet, with raspberry being the dominant note, but rapidly moves into a dirty leather note that is disconcerting to me, in one hand smells oily and dirty and on the other it smells like a freshly soaped horse saddle.  The raspberry note refuses to leave turning more and more into this fermented fruit juice notecreating an effect that is really weird to me.
After maybe half an hour the fermented raspberry starts fading slowly as is replaced by a faint burnt note that in combination with the oily note makes the leather smell more like an old, worn, beaten saddle that has been to the races too many times already, fortunately there is this spicy note in the background that saves the day, so the drydown is not that skunky after all.
It reminded me a horse stable and horse drawn carriage shop from my youth, the leather scent of the saddles, reins etc... together with the leather soap scent, the oily note like the axle grease and the smoky/burnt note from the forge for horseshoes, and the sweet and spicy notes coming from the kitchen next door.
This fragrance brings all that to my mind and as such I should consider it a masterpiece, besides, it really captures the essence  of leather like no other perfume I know, but the question is:  do I want to smell like THAT?.
Brilliant, but unwearable for me, maybe I'll spray the interior of my car with it, it has vinyl seats so everybody will think is real leather LOL
Sillage is nuclear so be careful when spraying it on you, and it lasts all day+.
Thumbs up as a creation, thumbs down for wearability, so it gets a neutral from me
neutral A pleasant and nice scent indeed, as much leathery as tons of other contemporary leather-based scents (suederal-safraleine type), without any particular twist that let this stand alone in the crowd. Classy and refined for sure, in a rather safe and tamed down way though: "brownish", smoky, crisp and clean like a new pair of leather brogues. Not bad, actually rather pleasant, just a bit overpriced for the quality. And in fact there's quite some cheaper alternatives which do the same job: Godolphin by Parfums de Marly, Golden Boy by Dueto for instance.

6,5-7/10
positive Growing on me each applicationI think this is a good smell, but not a fragrance I wish to wear, or at least not very often. It smells like a wood shop to me. Or perhaps wood shop meets shoe repair store. I get leather and balsa wood, a sort of dusty smell once it is dried down. The initial top notes are a bit bitter or perhaps sour. I think my description is making out to be not a great scent; this is not the case. I just don't think this is for me. _____ Update; the longevity on this one is amazing. It last nearly 24 hours on my skin. I actually liked it more the following day; perhaps a lighter hand would be in order? A retest is needed. _____ On a subsequent wearing I went a great deal lighter, one small on my chest, and a very small one on my wrists. This is really growing on me.____ Today, I am really liking this. I especially appreciate it several hours into it; I find a bit of sweetness comes through. It is also a projection, longevity, and silage beast. I applied at 6:30 am, and 11 and a half hours later, it is far more intense than a skin scent. It also becomes more sensual at this point, moving away from what once was perhaps industrial  to a more natural leather and sweet smell.
positive Tuscan Leather is my signature scent. In the high desert US,  longevity and projection are challenges because of the low humidity. I need my frags strong with longevity, especially if I am paying niche price.  I work in a office but on the weekend I am a jeans, boots and black t-shirt kinda guy.  The opening is one of a oiled leather, strong and masculine, 30 min later and the sweet amber joins the party.. wow.. what a great sent.  I have had women tell me it is strikingly sexy.  I have 10 or so frags in my collection.    For work I wear my Bonds, for night out I wear my Amouges, for exotic I wear my Nasomatto's and in the heat I wear my creeds. TL however is my signature scent and the one that defines me in my day to day life.  If you think of yourself as a rough and tumble kinda guy ... You have to get your nose on TL.. give it a couple of wearings and you will be sold
positive There is a lot of discussion as to what makes "leather" the scent in fragrances, and it varies from one perfumer to the next.  Normally it's a vague interpretation of something that REMINDS you of leather, but isn't really leather per se.  For example - shoe polish.  It's not leather, but it sure puts in people's minds the image of nice leather pair of shoes.  Or that nasty smell of leather tannery, with unprocessed hides soaking in various batches of chemicals.  Not pretty at all, and not finished "leather" product - yet many consider this scent to be "leather" in fragrances.  Or the scent of a dead animal cut open and reeking form inside out - sort of like that Tauntaun that Han Solo cut open and shoved Luke Skywalker into to keep him from freezing (Star Wars).  That would be Dior La Collection Privée Leather Oud - it really stinks and they call it "leather" (ok, ok, this one goes from dead animal to cat piss on an old, worn leather jacket on day 2… and then on day 3 it turns softer - into a mattress soaked in urine by a kid that had an accident…  and yes, this one does last 3+ days, even with two showers a day).  How's that for "leather" interpretation?

So there are all those variations of "leather", and then there is Tom Ford Tuscan Leather.  This is by far the most natural smelling leather I have experienced in a fragrance version.  Tuscan Leather smells extremely clean, like the most luxurious, soft leather sofa, brand new leather attaché, high-end leather belt or wallet from an expensive designer house.  Or - like the cabin of a brand new Rolls-Royce Phantom or Aston Martin Vanquish - take your pick.  It is the kind of leather that we think about and smell when we experience finished leather products - good, high-quality leather products at that. Sure, one could argue that this is not a natural scent as it's a byproduct of processing animal hides in tanneries and I'm sure there are some aromatics added along the way to make dead animal skin smell pretty in the end, but that's a whole different discussion.  Tuscan Leather, ladies and gentlemen, is what we associate with the kind of leather products we buy in high-end stores, not with dead-and-still-warm animal flesh or cat pee or motoroil mixed with gasoline.  This is the embodiment of opulent and lavish leather surface at its finest.

Very masculine, sensual, elegant.  I like it straight up, but it also works exceptionally well in layering with other fragrances - it's strong enough to not get overpowered and lost, yet it's soft enough to blend well with ouds/woods, florals, etc.  Very linear and doesn't change almost at all over its long, long life (easily 18+ hours on my skin).  Excellent projection and silage (it is in EDP strength).  I bought only a small 50ml bottle and I'm kicking myself.  When this runs out - I'm getting the biggest bottle they make.  Pricey, but of all the Tom Ford Private Blend creations, this one stands out in my books with a "worth it" note.

Scent: 10/10
Longevity: 10/10
Silage: 8/10
Overall: 10/10
positive Smooth leather and suede are the main characters here. This is a soft luxurious leather with some serene incense and a subtle floral accord to make it very versatile and wearable. Here's what bothers me, there is a raspberry note that turns this from masculine incensed leather, to unisex my wife wants to steal it leather. Why can we have anything that's nice, all to ourselves???
positive Rough, edgy, and mysterious. It certainly goes against current convention.
positive I like the natural, masculine leather scent in this fragrance.  It is long lasting and projects well.  My problem is that it is rather linear, and after using it a few times I feel somewhat bored.



positive I got a few small decants of the Ford reserve scents, and I must say that I do mostly enjoy Tuscan Leather. I am reminded of a grand hunting lodge with the fireplace roaring, buttery leather chairs, and cigars and pipes glowing. 

I do get  a bit of the dirty ashtray that has been mentioned, but I am an occasional smoker so it doesn't seem to stand out too much for me. But this is strictly a cool weather scent, this would be way too overpowering on a hot day. 

Also, a little goes a long way. A quick spray to the chest is all that is needed. 
positive A real smoky, deeply tanned leather,  slowly unfolds to give way to mellow amber and sweeter basenotes. A beautifully constructed fragrance, only criticism is the longevity on my skin is a little disappointing: I'm lucky to get 4 hours with this one, which is a pity. good job I bought the mega bottle. The decanter is beautiful too. 
positive "if a man wears a suit, buy him Fahrenheit.
if a man is into rambling buy him Green Irish Tweed.
if a man is into grooming and shaving, buy him rive gauche.
if a man is into sado masochism buy him Tom Ford Tuscan Leather.....he'll love you for it..."

In all seriousness, this is the best leather fragrance one can get. it is not a scent for other people, it is the lone cogito of fragrances, to be enjoyed on a purely individual basis. I put this lightly on my wrists along with whatever other fragrance I spray on my neck. This is probably my favorite fragrance.
Treat it as a fine scotch, to be enjoyed sparsely and carefully rather than copiously and carelessly. However like a fine single malt scotch, it costs a pretty penny and comes in a nice brown bottle. 
positive Deep warm leather with a bracing tannic note to temper the sweetness. Smells like the wallet of a wealthy well-groomed man. Could be heavy in the wrong context. I like it more lingering on my coat than fresh on my skin.
positive A very masculine and aggressive fragrance;  not too soaking like Amber Absolute or Jasmin Rouge.
In my opinion, better to be weared in daytimes hours
positive a very enthusiastic thumbs up from me. amazingly well done smokey leather paired with just the right amount of raspberry, making this scent both masculine and not to difficult to wear. 
positive This perfumed boots polish and luxury suede elicits several olfactory conjurations about Clive Christian C which is a more fruity-spicy and a less specifically leathery (far more expensive) beast. I fully agree with rbacker, the beginning is slightly gassy and clearly darkened by the influence of dark-red ripe wild berries (raspberries, bilberries). In a while the leather emerges from the back and it's a sort of silky leather somewhat linear, velvety dark, barely chemical, sharp and plain. The aroma holds on to be leathery and rather linear till the end reporting to mind the luxurious odour of leatherwears and furniture polish. Along the dry down a denser woodiness from oudh keeps coming out with its charge of resinous, plasticity and luxury, conjuring up the slightly chemical and "sticky" typical cobbler workshop background aroma and projecting the luxury leatherwears boutique atmosphere. Realistic and well made.
positive Wow this is simply beautiful. 

The leather is certainly very strong at first and probably will scare away a few people. However once this juice dries down slowly, you really start to love this. 

It oozes confidence and smells so special. 

I actually use one spray of Tuscan Leather and one spray of Noir de Noir. I once told this to one of the TF counter girls and she thought I was a little crazy until she tried the same and nearly died of being overwhelmed by the glorious fusion.

Try it :)
positive Tuscan Leather by Tom Ford - Upon application, one is immersed in a invigorating leather, quite similiar to new, nubuck shoes, exuding a soft, velvety smell. This wonderful leather appears to be superimposed on a fairly muted, nectarous and fruity cluster of raspberries. Reveling herbs, namely saffron and thyme, push this fruitiness aside, and infuse the leather with their own sweet and peppery as well as lemony and woody aspects. A faint floral sweetness from jasmine begs to be recognized, but succumbs to the nascent, citrus and pine of olibanum. This rich frankincense rises to tug at the supple leather, and in its zeal, a fleeting, terpene note is sensed. As opposition, a sharp woodiness from the amber counters with its own plea for supremancy. The coveted, subtle leather meanwhile basks in its elegance. Albeit somewhat linear, this appealing composition has good longevity and projection.
positive Cant really say much , but when I first smelt  it  I thought  wow this is  new to my nose and its not like the other fragrance I have come a cross before ,it does smell like leather tho .and its not like what some say that the dry down is a let down ,u just need to wear it for 2 weeks and have a break for a day and then wear it again and you will know what I'm going on about .
positive I am afraid that this may be one of those addictive fragrances that I have heard about. I love the raspberry leather opening. It is so sharp that it almost makes my nose tingle. The leather is so true; it is like that crisp animalic note of a new leather belt, or the smell of a leather goods store. There isn't anything buttery going on here, nor anything powdery. It is balanced by some sweetness, but these notes are not readily identifiable to my nose. In the drydown the leather shares the stage with that unusual oud note of Ford's that seems to smell like Ajax or Comet cleanser at first, then settles down into an interesting harmony that lasts for hours. I just cannot stop sniffing my wrist when I have it on.
positive Beautiful leather, never harsh, just so gentle, but pure leather, a top quality piece of furniture almost. I adore it. I thought I had purchased my last of Tom ford private blend, having indulged in Tobacco Vanille & Amber Absolute but I have to have this, wonderful.

negative I really don't like this fragrance. I can't say it doesn't smell like leather because it smells so much like leather that I feel like I'm trapped inside a cow. I can see why some people really love this, but for me it's waaaaay too strong, too much. The thing is, I really do like leather as a note, blended in with some spice or florals, but I would honestly believe that Tuscan Leather was some kind of chemical that dissolves rust if somebody told me it was. Anyway, there's a lotta love for this one out there, but it ain't for me.
negative The worst tom ford private blend (and this is coming from a Tom Ford fanboy!)

I had a decant of this stuff from the perfumed court (smallest size vial) and I accidentally spilled one drop -- the box I have it in STILL to this day, two years later, smells like tuscan leather -- the ENTIRE box, with all my other decants and samples in it that I'm sure I've spilled as well -- are all overpowered by the one drop of tuscan leather spilled two years ago.

It's awful.  I would go as far as calling it raunchy; like a cheap leather bargain coat store in an outlet mall that just stays around until the end of the world, and will NOT go away.
Cockroaches will be smelling tuscan leather after nuclear winter.

If you want to smell like a 20$ leather jacket or a shoe repair shop, and leave a trail of stinkyness everywhere you go; tuscan leather is for you.

It actually reminds me of the time one of my co-workers accidentally spilled gasoline on his shoe when he was filling up before work and then came into the office and stunk the place up; that's how bad tuscan leather is.  It's gasoline like pungent; without a doubt the strongest scent I have ever sniffed, which unfortunately, is not a good thing.  Stronger than an Amouage Attar, stronger than Black Afgano -- tuscan leather overpowers anything.

neutral Disappointing	Top: Leather 	Middle: Leather and Hashish 	Base: Black Orchid
neutral Very strong and bitter. I can't stand that much leather and find pointless anyway. For the admirers of the genre, it can be OK with its potency and sillage but I think the leather lovers already  know some other fine  leather fragrances much more cheaper than this one.
neutral 70% Leather, 20% Raspberry, 10% Spicy/Floral notes

Smells very nice, but overexposure causes headache, and you need to be in the mood for it

Quality notes, great projection and longevity.

Lacks versatility and cannot be a day to day scent.

For collectors and basenoters only, but not for the casual consumer.

Price tag will not be worth it for most, but for those who do want a quality leather frag

Don't blind buy this, but sample it if you want something a little challenging.

neutral A slight disappointment...

I really enjoyed the raw smoky, leathery aroma -- whilst it lasted.

On me the longevity was shockingly poor, only about 4 hours :-(
neutral This is not a unisex fragrance.  This is leather.  I should have guessed by the name, but I expected there to be more than just... leather; I don't know why I thought there would be.
neutral I normally like leather scents, and I can see what Tom Ford was trying to do with this, this stuff has a very strong smell of leather saddle soap, which I'm sure would drive a certain type of lady wild.

unfortunately on me this stuff smells exactly like a wet ashtray, it seriously stinks of cigarette ash, combined with the loud raspberry note above, it turns very unpleasant, I had to scrub it off immediately. 

Sillage and projection is strong
neutral I wanted to give this a thumbs up because a buddy of mine let me try a sample he had and it smelled great. The longevity was perfect and it was a winner. When I went to Saks, the juice from the tester was not as good as the sample I remembered trying. The prices are a little too high for these Tom Ford private blend colognes.$100 maybe, $200 crazy!
neutral This smells like the shiny, taut leather interior of a new car. Some claim to detect a cocaine note; I'm far too angelic to be able to comment. There is the dusty waft of thyme though, which I wish had been amplified, and the hint of cigarette stubs. But all this is moot: Tuscan Leather is wrecked on the teeth of an unnaturally sweet raspberry note that refuses to perish and whose inclusion I find utterly bizarre. 

neutral Today I smelled this scent and was inspired to post my review on Basenotes for the very first time.  So, let's dive in.  

It has been said that scent invokes memories and Tom Ford's Tuscan Leather most certainly did with me.  Growing up around horses, this juice took me back to my childhood where part of my choirs was cleaning the leather saddles and gear.  I would use a glycerin soap which had a honey and lemon fragrance.  The leather saddles were stored in a closet in our barn until their next use.

Tuscan Leather reminds me of those dry evenings in September when I would enter the barn and open the saddle closet.  The first and most obvious scent is clean, worn leather with a edge of honey (more like beeswax).  But there is a secondary scent of the closet itself.  A dry woody smell that is similar to old, dry pine planks (not sap or leaves or cones but the wood itself).  Over time, a sweet note appears that invokes juicy fruit gum (ylang ylang perhaps?).  Yet the leather never disappears.

I sprayed this juice on my arm at Saks as a test.  Perhaps it is because as a man, my collection consist of EdT or EdC; but the Eau de Parfume took my olfactory to a new level.  I could not escape the scent, nor did I want to.  Instead, I tried to discover something around the house that would compare.  I smelled every leather object from jackets to wallets but nothing truly resembled the juice.  Tuscan Leather is the way we expect leather to smell; rich, comforting, warm, and aged.  

I rank the Parfume as a neutral because I cannot think of many times or places to wear it.  I live in the subtropics and this scent is out of place.  Ford's Tuscan Leather belongs to cool nights and autumn leaves.  But for anyone who loves the scent of leather and has the right environment for it, this is definitely the scent for you.  

neutral An initial  aggressive gasoline impression with only a hint of berry gives way to a plain leather note that eventually is a bit more straightforward than other leather frags like e.g. the Knize version.  It remains monotone without much further change.  Not a bad scent, but betraying that it is mass-produced and lacking some depth and nuances.  Nonetheless a good leather note, and a nice addition to the menu of leather fragrances available, albeit no real competition for Creed's and  Knize's leather creations.   Good longevity of about 3-4 hours. Overpriced.  Try first. 
positive This is certainly powerful for a cedrat-driven scent. I have to say, though, I'm not sure I remember L'Occitane's cedrat EDT being ever so different from CD in its overall composition. Consistent, strong sillage, if that's what you're after. In my view, it's the cedrat note that sets this composition apart from cheaper scents.

It is a little disturbing that it stays fresh for quite this long. I find it linear, unremarkable, but there's something endearing in just how much Mancera has put in for the punters.
positive This is an absolute powerhouse of a fragrance.

Every time I wear it I get noticed and I get comments even so much that one of my work colleagues immediately went out and bought a bottle of this after smelling it on me.

It's bold, smokey, a little fruity at the start, and on me carries quite a medicinal note. It is a little linear after the opening but given how solid a performer it is, I'd simply be nit picking to criticise it for that.

I would't know how close Cedrat Boise is to Aventus because I've never compared the two. Regardless I'd rather have a bottle of this monster performer any day.

Also just an additional note to point out how nice the bottle feels in the hand. Nice solid bottle with a cool feeling metallic cap, all delivered in a nice Montale/Mancera style carry pouch.

Lovely stuff.
positive Very pleasant woodsy lemon - very wearable and versatile but not as interesting as the note listing and hype seem to suggest - I don’t get much of the florals or blackcurrant - I just get more lemony wood in the dry down. It’s still nice though and avoids smelling like a cleaning product (which most lemon scents don’t.) The absence of the fruity florals leave it a bit wanting though to be bottle worthy.
positive Creamy, buttery lemon.

Lasts all day, with 2-3 sprays.

And on my clothes in the mornin'.


Great juice, the wife loves it.  The only gripe would be that it's fairly linear.
positive This has to be the most outrageously misrepresented fragrance I've ever come across.
All the reviews are constantly comparing this to Aventus. It has absolutely NOTHING in common with Aventus. I can understand when people lump other fragrances like Pineapple Vintage, Zara Vibrant Leather, Mont Blanc Explorer etc into the category of Aventus. Those fragrances definitely are in a similar class and share a similar DNA.
However, MCB is a much darker, richer, heavier fragrance that has more in common with Chanel Coromandel and Allure Edition Blanche, than any resemblance to Aventus.
Also, MCB is a leather fragrance. The leather is quite sharp from the start and settles down to a more suede and ambery, woody vanilla in the drydown.

I almost feel guilty for even mentioning Aventus in this review, because these two fragrances shouldn't be appearing in any sort of list together. But sadly, it's so commonly compared to Aventus that I feel that the myth needs to be thoroughly dispelled.
I also feel like this is some sort of test to allow us to more easily identify the hype gallery amongst the community. If you're saying this smells anything like Aventus, I think you need to spend a little more time trying other fragrances and less time reading reviews. I'm not sure what started this thing with drawing parallels to Aventus, but it needs to stop. Was its original formulation more similar? I have no idea, but the one I have is not even in the same category.

This all said. MCB is not a bad fragrance. Just don't expect it to be anything like what all the frag bros harp on about.
I do like Coromandel and Allure Edition Blanche. MCB sits more alongside them. It's not a bright, fresh, open fragrance. It's darker and richer.
positive Quite possibly my most commented on and favoured fragrances. Has a very satisfying opening and this develops into a long-lasting scent of at least five to six hours. An absolute classic of a fragrance and one I go back to, time and again.
positive It doesn't smell like Aventus up until the drydown, but it has more going for it on the top and mid. I'd say Aventus for the day, and Cedrat for night outs. Overall, I like it more than my 16L Aventus.
positive This is a really nice masculine fragrance that gives me similar vibes as Creed Aventus, but isn't a clone of that fragrance in any way really. To my nose, only the opening reminds me of Aventus (and mainly due to the sweet blackcurrent note). The opening is bergamot, blackcurrent, cedarwood, lots of black pepper, and a hint of violet leaf to my nose, making it sweet yet spicy and masculine leaning at the same time. On the drydown though, it goes in the direction of mostly cedarwood with blackcurrent and a bit of bergamot in the background, and doesn't remind me of Aventus at all (no noticeable leather notes). In fact it reminds me of Creed Bois du Portugal and Lalique pour Homme (Lion) due to the prominent and natural smelling cedarwood note, and also a bit like Dior Sauvage.

This is like a power scent. It's a scent you wear to a business meeting or when you want to make a statement or your presence known. "Cedrat Boise" as a name is very appropriate, but I feel it should've been called "Cassis Boise" because the blackcurrent and cedarwood are stars of this show.

Projection is insanely good (2 sprays was almost too much for me and nearly choked me out; 1 spray is all I can do with this fragrance). In fact projection is so strong I'd classify this as a winter scent. While longevity is also insane, projecting strongly for over 8 hours and even through a workout! Overall this is an amazing masculine fresh yet sweet and heavily woody fragrance with absolutely nuclear performance. 

5/5
positive A nice and clean fragrance; lemon with woody undertones. Not as smoky as Aventus, this is more geared towards fruits and woods. The opening is lemon, the mid is lemon supported by fruits, and the dry down is woody. The opening does have that fruity Aventus vibe but I think CB is different and remains its own fragrance from start to finish.
positive An awful lot of noise comes from the online fragrance community across forums, YouTube, and social media, especially from the CISHET male side about how Mancera Cedrat Boise (2011) is the big "Creed Aventus (2010) killer" made to put the house in its place for considerably less. This is absurd, and has righteously caused many Creed sycophants to instantly declare this an enemy/usurper (which is a bit theatrical but not far off), while others whom agree with the declaration think they've earned some modicum of hipster colognoisseur cred by wearing the Mancera over the Creed. Once all the silly High School drama clears and we're left with Cedrat Boise sitting on it's own merits, what we actually have is a fragrance released by a perfumer who is in his own little world (likely from sniffing too much synthetic oud) that is indeed a competitor for the same demographic almost by accident, but actually smells more like higher-quality and more-natural predecessor to Dior Sauvage (2015). Another glaring facet that "dudebros" seem to forget is Cedrat Boise is not a gendered fragrance, and therefore all but unisex without being called such, so folks with feminine chemistry are also meant to try it to see what results can be wielded from wearing it. I do agree that like many Unisex Creeds, Cedrat Boise mostly appeals to masculine tastes, but not by the design of the house of course, since "citrus woody" as its name roughly translates could apply to a number of feminine perfumes. Cedrat Boise is a dry woody scent with a juicy sharp fruity citrus punch on top, and a few key synthetics to shape it out, which is where I get most similarities with it and the designer bomb known as Sauvage.

Mancera Cedrat Boise opens with a brief rush of dry bergamot, followed by Sicilian lemon, and a sweet blackcurrant note which is the biggest comparable facet to Aventus it has. The connection to the later Sauvage is much stronger and almost instant as well; one can surmise that François Demachy of house Dior must have taken huge inspiration from Pierre Montale's work here when he composed Sauvage, especially in the base construction. I can see where the fruity presentation might sniff of Aventus from afar, but a total lack of pineapple (or the ability to tell it apart from blackcurrant) instantly kills all serious likeness between Aventus and Cedrat Boise to me. A touch of dusty white florals and cardamom spice inhabit the middle of Cedrat Boise, while the blackcurrant continues into the heart, joined by a white patchouli note and jasmine hedione. A telltale norlimbanol scratchiness which is milder than Sauvage but close in throbbing tone announces the base, and also distances Cedrat Boise from Aventus even further, both in quality and personality. A white musk and cedar note finish out Cedrat Boise, with hints of leather softened by vanilla and shined up with a sliver of oakmoss bite, whatever quantity is allowed by IFRA these days anyway. Sillage is mild overall, and downright weak for the usual Montale/Mancera composition, but longevity is stellar at 12+ hours assuming you don't become anosmic to the musk or synthetic karmawood. This is a perfect year-rounder generalist through and through for folks digging this vibe, so wear it where you will, and maybe make it a signature if you're a one-scent kind of person. My only complaint is I'd get bored really fast if this was my signature of choice, since this style is all but standardized anymore.

A big weak point to Cedrat Boise if compared directly to Aventus is the scratchy norlimbanol, although not as intense as what is found in the later Sauvage, but still gives Cedrat Boise an obvious synthetic quality which Aventus is much better at hiding with its house ambergris. Secondly, without pineapple or vetiver, the only real link they share is the white floral heart, and that's too brief, but for noses not as finely-honed, I can see where the confusion in telling them apart lies. I also honestly don't think Cedrat Boise was made to be an "Aventus Killer", as marketing anything that way is setting up for failure with critics, who have by and large embraced this juice. Lastly, Cedrat Boise is one of a glut that Pierre Montale churns out yearly for his own houses, precluding any notion of targeting another scent's market, especially considering Aventus was barely even a year old by that point, and not yet the hype monster it would become in the fragrance community. Guys who like Sauvage but find it too sharp, loud, or shrill should really check into Cedrat Boise, and fans of Aventus should add this alongside, as discounters often sell it at designer price points, so you can get it with less risk. Old heads will likely hate Cedrat Boise, but it's almost deserved disappointment if you prefer mossy or animalic masculines and dive into psuedo-synthetic "nouveau-niche" like this without first testing. I am a fan of the fruity sharp citrus synthetic woods style (much to the chagrin of some peers), as for me it's the early 2000's come again, but I'd not recommended this over anything it compares to because Cedrat Boise feels less like a replacement for a popular masculine and more like an alternative to sit alongside them in a larger collection; it's a real off-beat "deep cut" of a creation made more for a collector than somebody with a smaller, more pragmatic wardrobe. Thumbs up! 
positive At first when I got this.... I thought it was OK, however after more wearing, what a gem this really is.

Juicy, fruity, woody. 

In the warm weather this radiates and creates a lovely clean fresh Aura,  a bubble of fresh Citrus and Blackcurrant... Before slowly turning woody. 
For all the Creed fans, yeah it has that vibe, however this is like a distant cousin. More friendly and defo better value for the money. 

Mancera hit it out of the Park again for me. Simply delightful. Gains a lot of notice and liked by most around you when wearing. 

Overall Scent 8.9 - 10
Projection 8.6 - 10
Longevity 8.5 - 10

A good 8hrs on my skin
positive I love this! It's canvas is of Citrus based cleaner used in a Public toilet. Jasmine's vague Petroleum Indol and Contemporary creamed Sandal dances a diddle atop. A green Cedarwood note is countered by a fruity Currant.
Apply lightly and concentrate on the playful dance.

Another Mancera fun fragrance.  
positive So Cedrat Boise it seems will be forever known as the Aventus clone. I think that does it a massive disservice. There are similarities for sure. It was obviously inspired by Aventus. But CB is different. It is much creamier than Aventus. It is certainly fruitier. 

Very nice indeed. 
positive This is Mancera  showing Creed how to do it as far as green woody fragrances are concerned Cedrat Boise is far superior to Aventus. Its more focused, cleaner, fresher, more of masculine edge to it, less 'damp and green'. The difference between walking in a fresh cool sunny meadow versus one that's just been rained in. Or a picture perfectly in focus showing that is what the scents meant to be versus someone who's gone to photoshop. And it's better value for money.
At the other extreme there is always Armaf Club de Nuit which is a budget incredibly accurate clone of Aventus. Mancera however is pure class. 

Fragrance: 4/5
Projection: 4/5
Longevity: 4/5

Stop press: June 2019: Notino are selling 120 ml bottles for £52 including postage. Cheaper than the 60 ml bottles!
positive A quite fruity (kind of apparently berrish and surely lemony) sophisticated creamy sandalwood. There is a quite present lemony/grassy aura (the cedrat vibe) which is musky and floral (definitely classic in effect - some old school or classically appointed sandalwood/jasmine-implementations from Estee Lauder or Mark Buxton jump vaguely on mind). The "sandalwood/jasmine/black currant connection" is surely central. I detect the "Cedrat Boise-effect" but the note of sandalwood (a floral sophisticated musky sandalwood) is equally dominant. Feminine.
positive Strong citrus and the jasmine in the opening. It reminds me of Mr. Balmain but higher quality. The woods and blackcurrent give it a rainy day quality that's nice. It's the best of this type of citrus cedar style I've tried so far. I would probably prefer this to Bois de Cedrat simply for the sillage and longevity. I would also choose this over Mediterraneo Tuscan Cypress. 
positive when first applied,aventus did come to mind. when i smelled my wrist again, the aventus was gone.in an twinkle of an eye, sandalwood stands up in this. cedrat boise has a citrus and woody personality with a discrete vanilla base. lemon,bergamot,sandalwood, cedar, blackcurrant to tone down the citrus, and vanilla....fantastic!!! totally different than aventus, which has a spicey identity. im ready to sign cedrat boise to my starting roster to join my superstars like  aventus.
positive This opens with a rather strong lemon zest, which thankfully dies down rather quickly, but settles in with a sweeter version of lemon, like a meringue.

The fruit dominates, with just a touch of cedar in the background, to me a slight astringent tang, just a hint of a Band-Aid, in no way off-putting.

I really enjoy this.

9/10
positive Just received Cedrat Boise and I must say it is a lovely fragrance! Now, I know I am going to make enemies here so for all of my frienemies who say this is a clone of Aventus, smells like Aventus, resembles Aventus....unfortunately I would have to disagree. This is nothing like Aventus from the beginning to the end. And yes, we are all entitled to our own opinions, and mine says I don't get Aventus at all.

I, too, like landshark321 think there are other fragrances that resemble Aventus and due to all the hype put out there regarding these two (among others) I was intentional about locating the similarities and for me there aren't any. The first fragrance that came to mind was Obsession for men by Calvin Klein....
(If this reminds me of anything that would be the aforementioned. I think this is a newer more modern take on the very manly Obsession if to give a point of reference). 

In a league of it own, Cedrat Boise has a woodsy, gourmand feel to it that is creamy and fresh all at the same time. With the Bergamot, Cedarwood, and a very potent Lemon and Blackcurrant that's clearly and artfully done-I see Cedrat Boise as one having created an ambiance of its own; a stand alone fragrance for anytime, anywhere, with....shut yo mouth!!

There is a certain DRY sweetness that you get as all the notes come together. I will give this a bit more time as I adjust...great fragrance overall!!
positive Cedrat Boise by Mancera has a fruity opening, and then it transforms to something familiar to me: fresh, woody, and a little sweet -- one of my favorite scents back in college -- the first version of Colors for Men by Benetton. Cedrat Boise is a lot better, though, and more modern. A gourmet version of fast-food Colors for Men. 

Wearing just a dab sample, Cedrat Boise's longevity is excellent on my skin, and the projection is moderate at best. If you can afford to purchase a full bottle, I'd say go for it. 
positive For me, it's the sandalwood and jasmine notes that star after the initial, very pleasant citrus opening. I get very good performance from this and it's the type of scent i look forward to wearing when the occasion and mood suits.
After several wears of this, it is definitely a keeper in my collection and if it was a choice between a bottle of this or a bottle of Aventus, it's this.

negative So many citrus woodies these days are so uber synthetic and loud that they tag the wearer as hanging with their old mate Screechmella. Walk down a stairwell wearing one and the scent will linger, leaving the next resident to encounter it thinking that the cleaners have done a particularly thorough job this time. 
Cedrat Boise has that garish volume for sure, but also a few grace notes. First, the powerful citrus  – common with all such perfumes – that comes across as strong detergent is somewhat masked by a riotous fruity mix that makes it easier to live with. Second, the synthetic cedar note has a bit of a sappy and green quality to begin with.  
Unfortunately, the mix also reminds me of the fruitsick hell that is CK’s Escape for Men, an act of  perfume violence guaranteed to make me move away from the wearer quicker than any threat of physical harm. It has that same nauseating, highly chemical, watery persistence, common to so many of these bro-juices, that it makes me think I must be an utter snob to feel such visceral revulsion. Perfumes of this ilk are garlic to my inner vampire. You’re safe bro, you really are – go (preferably very, very far away) in peace.

negative Cedrat Boise smells synthetic to me. Sometimes that's not a bad thing, but in the case of Cedrat Boise, it's distracting to me. I couldn't disagree more with the thought that this smells like Aventus. It's nothing like Aventus to me. In fact, this isn't even in the same time continuum as far as enjoyment goes with Aventus, at least for me. Cedrat Boise's wood notes smell more like Cashmeran than cedar or sandalwood to me. The citrus also smells like white musk with hints of citrus. I do get a dash of jasmine in the opening. Wish I could smell the blackcurrant, but the dry down is all about synthetic woods to my nose. I love my new bottle of Red Tobacco by Mancera, but Cedrat Boise is a miss for me. 

neutral Opens with a tropical fruitiness which is a combination of smooth sweetened lemon and bergamot sharpened with a spritz of blackcurrant. I can see how this accord is reminiscent of pineapple, but for the Aventus lovers out there, it isn’t obviously pineapple and there is no smokiness whatsoever. It then has white florals as a bridge to the smooth woody/musk base.

Too be honest... despite already getting compliments on it... it’s not really my thing. I feel like I have betrayed the niche gods by dabbling in the dark designer arts.

Recommended for niche lovers looking for something more designer, generic leaning and socially acceptable, when Muscs Koublai Khan or Fumerie Turque isn’t appropriate.
neutral Odd that I just happened to review Aventus today as well, as it was completely unplanned and next in my rotation to review. Serendipitous!

Spicy citrus-cedar-the bergamont comes through, as does the lemon. The lemon does smell very synthetic to my tastes. Unlike Aventus, which smells very natural throughout, this has a strong artificial element to it which I, unfortunately, do not care for. There is little sweetness here: almost undetectable currant that is very faint. I don't find that this projects anymore than Aventus, nor do I find it any more long lasting: very similar in their duration and action.  I'm not sure I'd say I care for one more than the other: would I trade a synthetic lemon-cedar scent with a woody base to town down the sweetness, or a cloyingly sweet but natural smoky pineapple fragrance? Either way, I find them both above average. Although they may be used for similar situations, they are different scents altogether.

Linear, perfectly acceptable summer fragrance that is probably (definitely) more expensive than it should be. Very forgettable, but not something you'll regret wearing.

6/10




neutral It starts with a pungent blast of fruity pebbles as opposed to the pineapple, apple, and bergamot.  Aventus birch is traded for an application of cedar, becoming a bit more astringent than smoky.  Lasts a bit longer than its competition.  To me, this gives the same impression as Aventus.  I could see using them interchangeably, in similar situations.  But, it is a different scent altogether, and not a clone.  
neutral Fruity, woody, musky. 

Cedrat Boise is a fresh fruity fragrance, with the emphasis on fruits. It's a basket of fruits, and you can sense lemon, pineapple and blackcurrant, while there is only a hint of florals. The fruits are supported by a conventional woody note that smells of cedar, and hints of musk. It is not leathery to me, and is quite linear from start to finish. I find that here the fruity notes together with musk create a strange accord, somewhat synthetic, that I do not quite like. I usually don't enjoy fruity fragrances, but this is well balanced. 

This is often compared to Aventus, but Aventus has more prominent pineapple, and is distinctly smokier and leathery. Cedrat Boise has none of those attributes. Compared to Aventus, Cedrat Boise has persistent noticeable projection, good sillage and lasts more on skin. However, in this style my clear favourite is Morning Chess by Vilhelm Parfumerie. The fruity aspect of Cedrat Boise also reminds me a bit of Minotaure.

Overall a nice but unremarkable fresh fruity-woody composition with mainstream appeal. 

2.5/5 
neutral My Mancera sample must be off because I get a very smoky Aventus vibe from Cedrat Boise. It actually reminds me of Glenn Peri Unpredictable Adventure. I still get plenty of lemony-fruits in the top notes but it’s all very smoky. This lasts for about 4-5 hours.  Later, it’s a creamy, sweet woods scent. Something in it reminded me of the drydown in F Black. My sample must be off. 

Projection is pretty good while the top notes are still going. The whole thing lasts about 8-9 hours on me. 

Update: Own a full bottle now and this is much more fresh and pleasing. The opening isn’t as smokey as I remember but it’s still a little smokey, dry and sharp. The drydown is a very pleasant and attractive clean, woody, masculine scent that has me repeatedly smelling where I sprayed on my arm because I just don’t remember it smelling this clean and fresh. Still very good performance even with only a couple sprays, which may be the key to making this so fresh and clean. 
neutral Strikes me as reasonably different from Aventus / CDNI but similarly fruity; the blackberry I suppose, its sweetness not overdone. The opening is all about lemon. The drydown lacks the birchy interest of Aventus / CDNI. I'll stick with CDNI.
neutral A little fruity, sweet and creamy (I guess from some vanilla). I get almost an orange cream pop vibe or something from it. 
positive A good portion of my adolescence was spent in racing and touring leathers.  Ombré Leather does indeed smell like smooth leather to me (as opposed to suede) plus some sweet florals, as if I had a broken in riding jacket that had picked up some dried down Metallique.  Olfactory memories are amazing.  So strong was the association, for me, it triggered the remembrance of the sweat, shampoo, and plastic-metallic factory smell inside my helmet.  Pretty cool.  Ombré Leather gets two thumbs up for that.  
positive Smells similar to the raspberry opening of Tuscan Leather. But its funny, it only smells similar right off the top. It changes, and becomes a floral leather, then ultimately a dash of ambrox. At times it smells dry and floral like Dia, others its clean smoke patchouli. Its really good, and been an enjoyable wear every time. Lasts about 10 hours. Thumbs up!
positive Raspberry shoe leather!

Others before me have done a good pull-apart of this fragrance, so I won't get too verbose with this.

It's a linear scent that smells like shoe leather with the cardamom and jasmine giving this a slightly floral and sweet touch to it, akin to the faint odor of raspberries.  The best way I could describe this would be for you to go to a Nordstrom/Saks, etc., grab a nice captoe, maybe Allen Edmonds or Ferragamo, from the men's shoe department, walk towards the fragrance department, stand about twenty feet from a fragrance counter where the various perfumes can be smelled in the air, and then bury your face into the shoe and take a big whiff.  This smells like the midway point between the men's shoes section and the fragrance counters.  That's the best way that I can put Ombre Leather into an experiential description.

That said, I like it.  I'm not sure if others would enjoy smelling it on my person, but I just dig it.  I love the smell of good shoe leather, and this is a solid representation of it.  I'm also not sure what situation I'd be in where I would want to wear this or where it would be appropriate, but I do know that it needs to be autumn/winter to pull this one off.

Thumbs up on this quirky number!
positive Effectively a flanker of a flanker, Ombré Leather (2018) is not the unabashed home run that the limited edition Ombré Leather 16 was. Ombré Leather 16 cannily rebuilt Tuscan Leather around a sensual, striking, dark floral heart, creating a dynamic contrast between the leather blast for which Tuscan Leather became so celebrated and a more feminine, formal-feeling supporting structure.

The 2018 release is a drier, starker, more direct affair. The central leather accord is mostly preserved and is still appealing, but the lack of complexity is a significant weakness (unless you're using it for layering purposes). Still a fair buy, though, and I find it more pleasant and balanced than the originator of the line, Tuscan Leather.
positive Very refined, elegant and luxurious. Closest description would be more rounded, smoother and a bit creamy Dior Fahrenheit. I just can't make a better description of it.

Exquisitely well done, albeit not really original. One can't hold any grudge because of this lack of originality because the fragrance is so damn good. It is maybe a bit of a taste to acquire and not for beginners.

Originality 5/10
Scent 8/10
Longevity 9/10
Projection 6/10
_________________
70%
positive A beautiful refined leather frag, elegant, that some sweetness may allow for a woman to wear it.

I agree in saying that it is a more airy/thinner version of Tuscan Leather, with the rasperry being substitued by a jasmine note (that results smelling pretty similar to the rasperry). The drydown gives the impression of a subtle smoky note.

It is less aggressive, less in-your-face than TL, and for sure a more elegant version. It has a more suede leather than dark leather feeling.
That said, there is no compromise in performance, as it project strongly in the first couple of hours, and then stays moderate for another couple of hours. 

Pretty linear, but still another win for me together with Tobacco Oud, after a long series of "meh" from the house of Tom Ford.
Worth considering if you can get it under $100 (look around, it starts to show up for that price!)

Mildly cold evenings, 25+
positive Really nice offering from Tom Ford.

As a big fan of Tuscan Leather I thought this one would be redundant. I was wrong. What we have here is a leather/suede with various floral notes. I've heard others say that this is all leather. I disagree. The floral notes are quite noticeable. 

Doesn't have the staying power of something like TL but very nice in it's own right and would make a great choice for those that find TL a little overwhelming.

8.5/10  
positive Strong leather mixed with florals and warm, sweet caradmom and amber. An interesting combo that had me saying how masculine it made me feel while the wife thought it leaned too feminine.  Quite interesting.

Either way, it's a scent you keep having to re-smell to confirm your original thoughts and then adjust them to the newest nuance discovered after your latest sniff. Is it a Tuscan Leather flanker? No, scratch that.  Is it too feminine with the florals and sweetness? Nope, try again.  I'm enjoying my testing journey with this one as it really has changed my mind from the initial spray.

Projection is very good and longevity to match.  A very good performer.
positive Soothing and smooth leather in the first spritz that holds tight throughout the day.  Reminds me of the leather in Aleksandr but a hundred fold bolder and at the forefront. The jasmine plays second fiddle as leather is still dominant after the dry down. I have a soft spot for cardamom and in Ombre Leather it's has a fried/baked cardamom quality pushing it as more savory rather than sweet.  

I'm not a Tom Ford fan, I often find his perfumes and makeup overpriced, but this perfume I would gladly add to my collection. 
positive After a hugely successful (and underrated) career at YSL, Tom Ford set out to launch his own brand. To the many, this has been successful too, but in terms of fragrance, a disappointment to say the least.

Having only really owned one or two of his scents (Sahara Noir being by far my favourite of all, which is since discontinued), Ombre Leather comes as a welcome addition. Better still, it is not part of the private range.

It isn't hard to see what TF is trying to achieve here. Ombre Leather is a go-between Black Orchid and Tuscan Leather, with a deliberate appeal to both men and women thrown in. The use of nagarmotha is clearly toned-down here, compared to say, Black Orchid. This is welcome and makes this a controversial leather: it's by no means a traditional castorium-based leather. Instead, the black truffle notes of Black Orchid are apparent, as is TF's distinctive patchouli and jasmine accord. I particularly like the jasmine aspect.

The florals give it an added twist of femininity, whilst still holding true to the unisex badge. In fact, this part makes it quite alluring, yet sensual too. The concept of florals and leather is nothing new mind you: from Chanel's Antaeus in the early 80s to Acqua di Parma's more recent Colonia Leather from the Ingredient Collection, the idea has been hanging around for a while.

Ombre Leather maintains a long lasting trail well into the evening and this should be taken into account by the wearer. Projection is also quite strong. It's also worth noting that this is a "smell me from a distance" type of scent. Up close, it can be overpowering.

Finally, the bottle really fits the scent's overall theme quite well, making this a great addition to the 2018 line-up.
positive A sombre, super smooth, mild, post-industrial rubbery leather. A fragrance for rebels and darkly metallic warriors of the inhuman "funky" megalopolis. Cardamom provides a wet-piquant undertone for a while. Uncompromising, smoky, gasolinic and monolithic like a darker Santa Maria Novella Nostalgia. Not my genre but it hits the spot.
PS: dry down is far milder, less "rebel" (less smoky) and more "social" (fancy and glamour), with a subtle ambery/floral wake.
positive This one smells exactly like leather. Leather is the main Accord, I also got a bit of cardamom. Ombre Leather 2018 is possibly a new signature scent for leather fans.


Longevity is up to 10 Hours...



positive As other reviewers have shared, this one is a more appealing alternative to Tom Ford's Tuscan Leather and Ombre Leather 16.

In comparison, this new edition of Ombré Leather is more laid back, not as harsh nor alienating as the others, and is simpler. I get that lovely smell of leather shoes at boutique shoemakers in your typical mall, versus a big stack of thick-hide leather sacks. Amber is a favorite note for me in this scent, which along with the moss and patchouli create a smoothening effect.

Great outing from Tom Ford, which justifies for me the sudden disappearance of Ombré Leather 16 from the local dealers in my area. 


positive This will truly test a fan of leather fragrances. Ombré Leather (2018) looks to be a retooling of Ombré Leather 16 (2016), which itself was part of the Private Blends, while this entry is not. Ombré Leather kind of sits between the Signature Collection and the Private Blends line price-wise, as denoted by it's strange bottle which is plain like the Private Blend decanters but not squared off. Ombré Leather is a rather simple and straightforward affair, being the smell of black shoe and handbag leather right up front, with little else to get in the way. I'm not sure if Sonia Constant also composed this, but like the erstwhile Ombré Leather 16, this version plays with cardamom and patchouli as support players, but unlike the previous Private Blends iteration, doesn't feel like a toned-down feminine-aimed version of Tuscan Leather (2007). The new Ombré Leather wants to hang in the same wheelhouse as Knize Ten (1924), Dior Fahrenheit (1988), Ted Lapidus Pour Homme (1978), and vintage English Leather (1949) in terms of it's sheer petroleum-tanned nakedness, but it's still not as intense in the drydown.

Ombré Leather opens with that massive black shoepolish leather front and center, playing with a drop of jasmine indole and violet leaf to keep it focused in your mind. Cardamom comes into the middle along with patchouli to round and sweeten the deal enough so that it doesn't burn the nostrils like old English Leather can, sitting right between top and middle for the first few hours. The starring leather note very slowly fades, much slower than in Ombré Leather 16, keeping greater sillage as a result, and leaning fairly unisex, even if most heteronormative ladies wouldn't wear something that screams "Dominatrix" quite like this outside the bedroom. An old-school composite amber note (not ambroxan) joins a fancy new "fractured" oakmoss note free of it's allergens, first toyed with by Theirry Wasser of Guerlain for unreleased reforms of their classics, but now in Ombré Leather to give it a mild, if surprising moss bite at the end. The moss is still dialed way down for modern tastes, so vintage heads don't get too excited, but it's here. Overall, this smells like a shoe, as I first said in the beginning of the review, Ombré Leather will test a true leather fan's constitution from beginning to end.

I think the same level of notoriety and shock value as Tom Ford Black Orchid (2006) has the same potential to arise here in time with the right marketing. The idea of smelling like a cobbler or the gear one wears to a BDSM gathering can be both frightening and oddly alluring all at once. I don't know when you might find it appropriate to wear this, because most masculine-leaning leathers are flanked with herbal or booze notes while feminine ones have floral and fruity supporting players, unless we're talking the 70's and 80's, where everything from soapy orris to a "barrel note" was added. In this situation, I don't think Tom Ford was looking to emulate a specific era of fragrance as he is often wont to do, but rather just delivered an uncompromising one-off scent, oddly based on something from another line of his but brought down into slightly more-accessible territory price-wise, which is another odd facet about it. Tom Ford quirkiness never seems to disappoint, and even if this ends up in the same pop culture trash can as Fucking Fabulous (2017), at least it's a Hell of a sight more wearable. Definitely sample first and keep this to winter use if you decide to take it home, because Ombré Leather ain't messin' around no way no how.
positive This is a perfect leather.  I smell little if any difference from the '16 version.  What I do smell is an expensive, rich leather untainted by the fruit note that so often accompanies leather fragrances.  Expensive shoes, handbags and saddles in a luxury automobile with the crack of a whip barely hidden beneath the prestigious leather goods.  What is not to like?  A little indolic jasmine up front and a warm amber base add to the rich leather and make this a real winner.
positive Ombre Leather is more about amber than leather. Definitely more wearable than Tuscan Leather, but at the same time is not as classy as Tuscan Leather. They are very different from each other. Longevity and silage is good, albeit not as good as other Tom Ford fragrances. A thumbs up for sure.

Rating: 7/10
positive Ombre Leather is Tuscan Leather redone.

Difference to my nose is that OL is better presented, without the grab you by the 'sac' and never let go vibe of TL.  OL is far more wearable; does not beat up its wearer like TL does.  

I suspect it is TL at 50% strength with Tobacco Oud dialed in a bit to tone it down and masculinize it some.

As with TL, this will be love at first sniff for many.
Another hit for Tom Ford.
positive Great wearable alternative to Tuscan leather! Go sniff this one. Smells like a new car (expensive car) leather. 
positive Wow! I received a sample from Luckyscent and it was love at first sniff. This leather is earthy with the patchouli, moss and amber added to it. It is manly and sophisticated. I simply love it like all my other Tom Ford fragrances. Very long lasting fragrance.   
positive I really liked this when I smelled at Von Maur. I enjoy TF Tuscan Leather and this is very similar. It can almost hold its own to Tuscan Leather in my opinion. 

Here is how it compares to the two other biggest players in the leather game:
Tuscan Leather > Ombre Leather = AdP Leather
positive Very close to the original version as 2016, just slightly more floral. Better price also.  8/10

negative Wow. As someone who loves and wears a wide variety of leather fragrances, I have to say that I am gobsmacked by the stellar reviews this one is receiving. To me, this smells like a highly, stridently-synthetic and sharply-ambered version of Cuir Ottoman (on a REALLY bad day). Cold, bitterly pungent, plastic-y, and artificially harsh are some of the descriptors that come to mind when I spray this on. I find nothing redeeming in this fragrance and I'm sad to think this is how modern noses interpret the glorious and (normally) varied smell of "leather."

neutral Brand new shoe or suede leather jacket smell, together with something fresh and tart from the plant kingdom. I do not perceive the raspberry note others have mentioned; it is more green, like crushed raspberry leaf maybe. The two notes do not mesh at all, but switch back and forth and you can tell them apart very easily. Also a very synthetic impression. Oh, and an utterly offensive price tag. Get out of here.
neutral It’s a soft leather (only) with a blue feel. I don’t see anything original or innovative enough for it to be interesting or more attractive than any other fragrance. I can appreciate its quality though. 
neutral A diluted Tuscan Leather with the raspberry note toned down, and some vague floral notes added. Strangely, I do not find it particularly leather-y, maybe because it feels watered down. The accord is moderately satisfying, but is too meek, and doesn't hold up well for long on my skin - it fades in about a couple of hours. It is linear, in the usual Tom Ford style. Stylistically it is in the same vein as Tuscan Leather or Acqua di Parma Colonia Leather, but those two are much superior. 

This is the same as Ombre Leather 16 to my nose. Honestly it seems that much of the fanfare about this fragrance is because it is the same as Ombre Leather 16 (a diluted spin on Tuscan Leather, and Tuscan Leather is too strong for some) at about two-thirds of the price. There are dozens of better leather perfumes at lower prices, including the Acqua di Parma which can be had for less. 

2.5/5
neutral Part of me wants to like Tom Ford colognes: one of the reasons I'm writing these reviews is because of my love for Tobacco Vanille years ago. There are aspects of his fragrances that really draw me to them, and I hold out faith that his aesthetic of refinement could ultimately lead me to something substantial in my collection. Then there is the part of me that wonders why I keep setting high expectations for fragrances that rarely last more than 5 hours on my skin, which is once again the case for Ombre Leather.

The floral notes are well done, softening the stringent synthetic blast of leather on first use: not altogether unlike Tuscan Leather but without as much raspberry and a good deal more cardamom. The leather scent is strong-a cold and methodical leather. Drydown is straightforward, becoming a soft, spicy leather as the hours progress. Not many hours, however: it becomes a skin scent after 4-5 hours. As usual. I would squarely put this fragrance in the realm of unisex.

I enjoy it more than Tuscan Leather, I'll say that. If the drydown was more interesting and there was more depth this may be a thumbs up, as you'd be getting something quite interesting for a brief period of time. It's a fine scent, the below average longevity and sillage again make question how many more times I'm going to spend this much money to get disappointed.

6/10
positive Very sweet juice with decent longevity and projection. Not much left to say about this fragrance that hasn't already been said. I find it smells like Fruity Pebbles cereal. I like it, but don't see a full bottle in my future.
positive Is this an everyday fragrance for any occasion, absolutely not. However, nobody can honestly get a whiff of this and say wow that stinks. This frag deffenitely has its time and place. If your goal when putting on a fragrance is to get compliments and have women turned on then this will 100% do the job, women love this frag. I guarantee a compliment everytime you wear it, it is what it is just facts to the haters of this frag. There is a reason its one of the top sold frags in the world. You want to be unique and wear something that no one else really enjoys except yourself by all means, if you want to get compliments at a bar from pretty women this is for you.
positive Paco Rabanne as a fragrance name for men had slowly slipped down the relevance slope over the years, with the undeniable influence of Paco Rabanne Pour Homme (1973) on the masculine fragrance scene slipping from mainstream design somewhere around the end of the 80's. That watershed scent was needing a "replacement" so to speak in the eyes of the mass-market blind buyers that work off of peer pressure, as it became less of a must-have for everyone and more of a must-have for the vintage fan; once a scent crosses that threshold, it's work is for all intents and purposes done, and a house needs to reinvent it's image with a new halo product. Tenere (1988) was too niche in interest to ever really catch on, and XS (1993) was good, but part of the "fresh fougère" wave and drowned in a sea of samey competition. Paco (1996) was an attempt to join the unisex craze, and Black XS (2005) was part of that "youth targeting" movement of the early 2000's. All of these were good products, but not the one Paco Rabanne needed. Enter: 1 Million. This deliberately gimmicky scent could have been released by Avon during it's halcyon years for the packaging alone, and it was so finely-tuned as a generalist with a fun club-going side that it instantly struck gold (pun intended) with it's upwardly-mobile millenial career professional target. It had balance and pleasantness borrowed from the best 90's generalists, a sweet pseudo-gourmand femme-friendly vibe to make it a "go-getter" in the clubs, plus a flashy, gaudy personality that resonated with the "glorified hedonism" of mainstream hip-hop culture of the time. It checked all the boxes, and became the Paco Rabanne Pour Homme of the 21st century. At what price victory? Well that's the question for Paco Rabanne to answer, as it took not one or two, but three perfumers to concoct this "faceless man" of a note pyramid.

Do I like it? Yes. It's hard not to like this honestly, as it's such a focus-group-in-a-bottle that everyone will find enjoyable facets that counteract the boring or maybe even slightly intolerable ones. Even most haters of this stuff will admit it doesn't smell bad, it just has nothing for them because it's such a boiled down mash of everything people like that it comes across like pandering, and fault it for it's lack of distinction; it's like a person who tries to agree with everyone and is trusted by no one as a result. 1 Million opens with grapefruit, which is a holdover from the late 90's and early 2000's ozonic period, so it checks that box. They add mint and blood orange to the mix, one is meant to smooth out the grapefruit's tang, while the other rounds it out with a darker citrus tone, which checks another box. Sweet, bold, but held back by a scent counterpoint so it stays cool and fresh. The gourmand tones of the middle add some comfort, with cinnamon and other spices playing with rose and a soft suede note, so check off boxes for fans of orientals, floral masculines and leather scents, even if none of these notes really stand out over the other. Finally, a base of carefully-measured generic Iso-E Super woods and patchouli flanks a "everyone loves amber" bottom end. It's almost Paco Rabanne plagiarizing Avon's "me too" designs, but times 10, almost. It's practically the posture child of balance, and is the Goldilocks of note pyramids; not too sweet, not too spicy, not too fresh, not too warm or cool, but just right. It spawned a bunch of flankers, as some did actually find fault with it's design, and ironically they all have more personality than this one does by very nature of their specialization: there's a lighter eau de cologne, a darker Prive, and an even louder Intense version out there now. As if this one didn't cover all bases enough itself, it's siblings will hit any area missed. 

As the fragrance for the guy who wants to both impress everyone yet potentially offend no one, this does exactly what it sets out to do, and was thus copied a dozen times by other houses. Guys looking to make a statement might as well become mute when wearing this so they'll likely do better staying away. 1 Million almost created a new genre of "nightclub scent" as it was most often found in that context during it's first years, if only because of the rich playboy image it's gold bar bottle gives off, making it attractive for a good time at face value much like the people wearing it wish they were. This is where the stigma of 1 Million being the smell of "hetero alpha male douchebag" came from, as this was the smell wafting off the collar of the guy in the white blazer trying to buy all the ladies drinks and hand out phone numbers to every table. It's the arch-nemesis of Jean Paul Gaultier's Le Mâle (1995), which is the polar opposite of this and the "old guard" club scent that refuses to die (but is found more in gay clubs nowadays than strait ones). Again, I do like this, as it's completely pleasant, soft, sweet, with only a small drop of the risque, rather than rolling in it, but I do admit throwing it under the bus in this review due to it's blatant, unabashed commercialism. Liking Paco Rabanne 1 Million is like enjoying McDonald's cheeseburgers: you don't like admitting they taste good in that generic "I can probably do better" kind of way, and you know everyone else who eats there probably shares similar sentiment, but it's such an easy and safe grab that you do more times than you care to admit; that is 1 Million in a nutshell for me. It's not often that a generalist comes along which can pull double-duty in romantic or leisure settings, transitioning from uniform to dress casual and even over to pajamas for the evening after, so it objectively gets high ranks from me for it's utility. However, once you look past the kitsch of the bottle, it has as much personality as a Dodge Caravan. 
positive I love this stuff, my wife prefers Le Male when I am going with a sweeter scent but this is one of my favorites. No, I am not a cologne Guru, just a guy who prefers a sweeter citrus scent over the pushy salesmen colognes.
positive A very sexy masculine fragrance, fruity and flowery. Well done, but without much originality. Good performances. 
positive It's a great fragrance, very powerful and long lasting. its an absolute beast on performance. Awesome opening which then turns very sweet, but masculine.

it Is very hard to describe exactly how this smells. The closest I can compare it to is Rose scented fabric softener with a hint of JPG Le Male... over all its very pleasing to my nose, and will most likely be enjoyed by teenagers and young men (like myself). This to me is only a going out ''partying'' scent, however could be worn in school or work with 1-2 sprays at the most.

Scent - 8.5/10
Silage/projection - 10/10
longevity - 10/10
Versatility - 5/10
weather - Winter nights
Age - 15 - 25 (younger crowd)
Compliments - 9/10 (90% of the time I get a compliment when wearing this)



positive Out of the bottle this is very sweet and candy-like, but after a while it settles to a nice slightly spicey woody scent, sort of like cedar but not quite (it is probablt the sandalwood note they used). The sillage is pretty low so I would say this is a good office scent.
positive Admittedly not an artistic masterpiece, Paco Rabanne's 1 Million is a terribly under-appreciated and unfairly maligned fragrance.  It gets compliments and performs great.    As for one of the recurring critiques of the fragrance, the "bubblegum sweetness" is exaggerated.  It is sweet, but not overly sweet.  In fact, it is more spicy than sweet.

Smell 8/10
Longevity 9/10
Projection 10/10

Best for night-time wear, but exercising some trigger control, 1 Million is suitable for all occasions.
positive A delicious cologne loved by both sexes which is worn by too many and has therefore lost its appeal on me. Also it makes me salivate and my teeth hurt for some reason. I definitely like this scent, but I won’t go past a 5mL sample.
positive Extremely Similar To Fan di Fendi pour Homme, except is is much more smooth and sweeter. The spices are toned down a bit here, and the leather and woods sit in the background. It lasts 6-7 hours for me with good sillage and intensity. Wonderful stuff. It seems like quite a few other scents out there today. I have a few more samples, I'll wear them all before I decide to buy a bottle. So far I like it.
positive Honestly, this isn't a terrible scent. I actually quite enjoy the sample I received more.  than most of the "complex" or "higher-end" fragrances I own. Yes, it can be synthetic smelling. Yes, it can be very sweet. However, unless you're consistently only hanging out with perfume aficionados, most people aren't going to notice the synthetic side. Also, the cloying scent that a lot of people describe comes from overspraying. One spray of this lasts me a good 10+ hours with excellent projection throughout, and none of my trusted friends have ever mentioned it being too strong or too sweet. As some people have mentioned, I adore the spicy cinnamon citrus opening, and the drydown's sweetness can be ameliorated by wearing it in colder weather. (Not in an 80 degree club or the summer....) All that being said, you do run the risk of smelling like some other people on the street. But really, considering the fact that most people don't wear cologne and that the average person doesn't retain a fragrance in mind unless, say, they have consistent contact with it, (e.g. their SO wears it) the uniqueness warning doesn't really apply for me. All in all, great fragrance suited to a young crowd, (25 and under, any older and it gets juvenile) very attractive, and best suited for chillier weather with minimal sprays.

Cheers!
positive Yes, it is loud, powdery, sweetness in a bottle.  Lots of comparisons to cotton candy, but it is cleaner and fresher than just a food scent.  And that's why this one gets noticed and received compliments.

I've always noticed that there is a weird, almost organic smell in this as well.  Looking at the notes, I still cannot place it.

Excellent performance in both longevity and projection.
positive So... I just tried this fragrance for the 1st time a couple days ago. I ordered a bottle of Noir de Noir from Sephora and they gave me a couple of 1 Million samples with my purchase.  I always avoided this because I knew how popular it was and didn't want to smell like every teenager and club rat in the world.

... So anyways, I tried the samples and my mind was blown.  This to me is incredible.  I get a lot of cinnamon and orange in the opening, mainly cinnamon.  The dry down is a little bit too sweet for me but the opening is to die for and makes up for this minor flaw.  This stuff lasts FOREVER on my skin too and projects like a beast.  I own a lot of fragrances, and I hate to say this but I was more mesmerized by this than most of my niche fragrances, Including the bangers: Aventus, Green Irish Tweed, Millesimal Imperial, Reflection Man, and Jubilation XXV.

I enjoyed this so much that I actually just ordered a bottle a few minutes ago.  I know how most people feel about this fragrance, so I probably won't wear it out often.  This is going to be the fragrance that's just for me; the one that I put on when Im around the house just for my pleasure. 

If you do buy this, you're going to smell like a lot of other people so I hope you don't plan on being unique.  This can also come off as sickly sweet if over applied, so be cautious.  This may be overly used and hyped to the max, but I really enjoy it.  Try it if you haven't already.

negative Its so sweet and so loud.  It is pleasing to many people, sure.  I could never own a bottle that looks like this.  Just terrible. 
negative Extremely synthetic smelling and cloyingly sweet - Nothing masculine about this at all! This is to men's fragrance what Justin Bieber is to music - saccharine sweet with absolutely no soul - just mainstream appeal.
It's clear they're trying to appeal to a younger audience who may not remember any of the classic masculine scents, but as a man, I just would never want to smell like this. Thumbs down...
negative The first time my husband wore this I asked him why he reeked of Right Guard.  Instead of getting annoyed with me, he said, 'yeah, that's what it is, isn't it?'
negative Too sweet, not enough "cologne" smell if that makes sense. Ended up scrubbing but willing to give it another sample at some point. 
negative I saw the red flags in other's reviews, I was warned:
It is sweeter than Jean Paul Gaultier Le Male, (which I found abhorrent).
Smells like Fan di Fendi, (which is utterly disgusting).
Azzaro Night pour Homme, Mont Blanc Legend Intense and Axe deodorants were also major references.
I have great reverence for Paco Rabanne pour Homme, which with Nina Ricci Signoricci, were champions on my first steps into the world of Masculine fragrances.
I couldn't believe Paco Rabanne put its name and reputation in such offensive reeky juice, packaged in a tacky golden bottle, is it marketing strategy? Which demographics are they targeting?
I'm an old timer, but I accompanied the generational changes in perfumery and found value in modern fragrances, like Abercrombie and Fitch Fierce, Prada Luna Rossa, even David Beckham pour homme, (which is amazing and affordable).
What makes reputable houses like Dior creating monstrosities like Sauvage, or Paco Rabanne denigrating themselves with 1 Million and the super tacky Invictus? Are they killing artistry in the name of easy young money?… and worse, there are so many copycats delivering the same toxic fumes in expensive bottles.
Do I recommend 1 Million? No.
My advice: Please don't.

The appeal:
Ladies love it! Women go crazy… 
I can't understand why?. (well, women are not to be understood, just appreciated)

Which type of guy wear this fragrance?
I can see clearly 2 distinct gentlemen wearing it: 
Martin Shkreli (pharma-bro)
Kylo Ren (no introduction is needed).

Nuff said!


negative Uggg,,,just ugg. I know that a lot of people like this one but I cant, and I've tried. I mean why would i want to hate on a cologne i paid over $100 for, feal i've wasted my money. To me it literally smells like an old ladies perfume from the 80's. Harsh synthecic fruity rose,,,just way to strong and last way to long.Thats the only plus I can give it is it's staying power thats it... I know sent is very subjective but I can't imagine why any man would like this one...a woman yes but not a man...an older woman at that its perfect for them.
negative For me a huge disappointment ... My girlfriend wears the female version and accidentally bought it for herself... Once it was opened she could not return it so it became mine.
The smell is nothing special in my opinion as it reminds me of very old sweet smells of the eighties. For me it smells like Dunhill edition (not as sweet) and does not last at all. (it was bought in a pharmacy so no fake but maybe old stock)
In a British article it was one of the men's perfumes "which drives women crazy"!! 
Ladies are you sure? 
Drives you crazy?
Maybe literally...
Sorry not for me 3/10

negative Sampled, then bought. One of those "seemed like a good idea at the time" frags. Then after wearing for a while, the scent just reminded me of an a**hole in a nightclub. You know, like that guy on the package. Or the guy who is grinding on your girl while smiling at you. If that's what Paco was going for, mission accomplished.
negative So kiss a little longer
Stay close a little longer
Pull tight a little longer
longer with 1 Million!

That 1 Million freshness lasts right through it.
Your fresh breath goes on and on 
while you chew it!

Say goodbye a little longer
make it last a little longer
Give your breath long-lasting freshness 
with 1 Million!
negative No...

Lately, I've been watching quite a few YouTube fragrance reviews...many mention this as a scent that gets many many compliments from the ladies.  Wow...I think they should maybe clarify just who these ladies are.  

So I saw it on the shelf of the fragrance store I was in and I gave it a go.  It is just too synthetic for me. And cloying.  And Sweet.  It doesn't smell masculine to me at all.  (I'm just turning 50 so maybe there is that...)

Perhaps good for a high school kid but I had to scrub this off my hand as soon as I got home from the store...


negative BLUF: Highly synthetic, sweet, potent, busy, cloying.  Not a fan.

On my skin One Million is something akin to cinnamon, candy, cheap leather, and even cheaper amber.  It really does smell like some sort of over-seasoned, overcooked bubblegum that preteens stick under desks or on school bus seats.  So much going on that I have a difficult time picking out individual notes.

I don’t hate it, but it’s not something that appeals to my senses at this point.  It was also one of the difficult scents to remove from my skin that I’ve come across.  Pass.


neutral Sugary bubblegum sweetness. I can see the appeal and if I was 21 again I would most probably wear it. They say females like this one and can understand why. Being the wrong side of 40 it will be a pass from me.
neutral Boring.For the masses.Non existent personality. Just OK. If you want to smell like one million (at least) other people then this is for you. Is it not  why they named that way ? Overall 6/10

neutral Got a sample on a card the other day. It's just okay. A bit too feminine for me. Smells like a softer Versace Dreamer. Lasts a long time though and is consistent throughout its wear.
neutral It took me quite a while to try this one. Neither though because of its popularity, nor because of its controversy. I simply did not know about it and about either as I did not have time to focus too much on fragrances at the time that it launched. I have since experienced it over the course of several wearings and two previous paper strip tests.
Initially I did indeed notice what is referred to as bubblegum and not only dit it not bother me, it seemed interesting in an unusual and refreshing way and I may have appreciated for it to be incorporated further into its composition. It is a relatively dense fragrance and while it may not have an obvious complexity, it seems to have the ability to embrace the wearer and to make them feel comfortable and welcome. If you think about it, this might in itself be an intricacy of sorts. In addition, the scent could be seen as an attempt at an abstraction of the material and colour of gold. I did not find the scent itself to be unbearably sweet nor pretentious. It seems more likely that the name, the flakon and the mindsets of some of the individuals who used it contributed to the latter association. Having mentioned the flakon, it tended to be impractical to hold and use while the sprayer itself seemed adequate.
The isolated orange or grapefruit note for some reason reminded me of a comparable note in an Armanian code, the theme of the material all the while brought to mind a feminine, a female marketed, fan of Fendi and the impression of nail polish and a Black Forrest cake cherry acidity which lead to the imagining of a scene on a dark leather sofa respectively and the wearing of tight leather leggings with horizontal cuts in the prosperous lobby of a hotel late into the night with a drink of gloomy alcohol from the connected bar which I happened to have experienced from one of these rectangular, welded sample packages which may have been slightly leaking within a heap of other samples. There seems to be a certain resistance towards sweeter respectively oppulent fragrances marketed to men, assumably because they could be mistaken for fragrances marketed to women and because they would perhaps represent a threat to the debatable notion that such compositions are intended for women and that is for women luring in men.
After some time has passed and after also having overapplied the fragrance, I notice that its relative linearity respectively that a kind of plainness as well as a certain sourness can become respectively have become issues for me. The former represents an issue with a reach beyond this fragrance, as I believe that fragrances with an elaborate complexity must remain affordable instead of continuing to steer towards absurdity aspects such as inaffordability and inavailability.
neutral When I first bought this, I loved it, I loved it from start to finish, and I have even gotten many compliments on it.

Then I started to make DIY cologne, I learned to identify many different types of scents. And in the process of making my own cologne, I trained my nose to be able to identify and smell a wider range of scents.

Now that I've increased my smell capabilities, it smells okay at best. Very artificial. Far to strong on some notes.

To an untrained nose, this is an excellent fragrance. But don't wear it around someone that is trained in perfumery, because it does not smell like it's worth the price.
neutral It's not a terrible scent but intensely sweet. I've seen girls trying this on at department stores because they like the way it smells - that tells you everything. Yes, it smells like candy but I have to admit I love the warm, spicy opening. The dry down can be sickening. Let's cut to the chase - we all know what this is for. PR 1 Million is a loud fragrance you put on to get noticed by girls. Although I would never wear this fragrance, it does the job for a night out. It is completely juvenile (can't see any guy over 30 reaching for this) and everyone know this scent because of it's popularity. Most counters will tell you, this is a top seller - what does that say about our taste! I must say, performance is beast mode! Why can't other designer fragrances perform like this? This is EDP+!   
positive Even though I don't wear it a ton anymore, I'm still a big fan and consider it a 5 star-modern day masterpiece for me. 

So unique smelling when it was released and has beast mode projection and longevity to boot. Amazing scent when worn the "correct" way with a light hand, which is among my top compliment getters.
positive Paco Rabanne 1 Million is a fragrance that change my life somewhat. I am not sure whether it was me.. or the perfume. 

I am from Asia to be specific, I am from Singapore. 1 million is not common here unlike western countries from what I gathered from fellow reviewers here, this has gathered so much hype that every hot blooded male is wearing 1million at clubs over there. 

The fragrance game here in Asia its not big. Not many guys wear frags here. Girls being hit with 1million when I walk pass them did not know what it was. To them.. in her exact words when they walk up to me "You smell so nice and sexy" and keep in mind this is a stranger whom I have just met. 

My neck and lips was ravaged by this girl there after. 

I had thought that it was just a one off event. But it had happened several times that I started to believe in the artistry of perfumery. 

This fragrance although have gathered quite alot of hate from the community, have ignited my interest in perfumes and I have expanded my collection by quite abit with also the recent acquisition of bond no.9's New Haarlem. 
positive It's a little too strong.  But I enjoy the ambery sweetness and to me almost like bubblegum and cinnamon, which some people would hate but I really like.  I love cinnamon in fragrances and it does stand out here a little bit.  I can't wear too much of it because it can be overpowering.  Two sprays, that's it.  Yes there is a 'synthetic' quality but for me, the warmth and sweetness are appealing.

I understand why so many people dislike it - but I just like how it smells.  *shrugs* no big whoop.  I received it as a gift, otherwise I probably wouldn't own it.
positive Sweet, beautiful and perfect! 
Hands down, one of the best scents ever made!

Scent: 10/10

positive Salutation.

Very french style.this is special,sweet and spicy.it makes your feel really masculine and stylish then is pefect for a real gentleman!
this fragrances makes me feel warm cold winter nights too.

I recommend it for every one who wants to be seductive in a classic way!
long lasting and attract a lot of woman.
The bottle also fits to the scent.that is really cute.

7.5/10

positive Thats sweet!
bubble gummy sweetness chocolate and vanilla

not for me ,I used to own it before but Great for sweet lovers and it is also 
very very long lasting!!!
positive If you grew up around those colored markers that had specific scents, 1 million is (to me) identical to the black marker - the liquorish one.  IDENTICAL.  I always hated that smell as a kid, and I still do as an adult.

It's definitely a reasonably unique smell.  Just not for me tastes.
positive That blood orange,mint, and grapefruit in the beginning is enticing. But like most potent fragrances being easy on the trigger is a MUST. Too many sprays can over-saturate the notes and cause you to choke people out. The drydown is very pleasant as well.  
positive It's definitely sweet! The fruity top notes dissipate on my skin within an hour leaving a much more woody scent with a slight touch of sweetness. I pick up a lot more of the white woods and blond leather than anything else. One spray on the back of the neck is sufficient for me. If I sprayed anymore it would become way too sweet and cloying. This scent is good for chilly weather and cooler nights. I really enjoy this one.
positive i think this is the best smelling fragrance i have every smelled... when i have this on and walk into a room it will make people forget what they was saying and ask omg what are you wear smells great.
positive demasiado artificialdemasiado artificial, me causa náuseas, é como se a pessoa tivesse acabado de se entupir de antibióticos infantis e a droga ficasse exalando seu terrível cheiro doce do corpo da pessoa
positive One of the many ugly millionsThis is exactly why i dont like most most fragrances nowadays... and Paco Rabanne sold his soul in here..The name says it : its one million or as i say 'just one of the many millions..."Its an overedged and overrated scent with al ingredients tending to be too mucho macho.Too sweet too artificial with this bubblegum cinnamon spicy mellon cake. I see boys wanna be men in a discotheques lurking on young women trying to get eyecontact but not manly enough to confront them asking to have a drink or have a nice conversation, they stand with the boys being macho and laugh trying to hide their insecureness...this scent is not horrible but its has no soul... i need SOUL in a scent i need have a scent with a story!With this scent i can only think of the times we live in now... hasty,crowded,fast,aggitated multimedia overconsumed and shallow...And again i get more and more hunger back to the days of real romantics...Pros: - - -Cons: How many characters can i use in this textbox ?"

negative Awful.  Smells like cotton candy mixed with fruity pebbles.  Loud, sickly sweet, synthetic.
negative Bubblegum, Bubblegum, Bubblegum.....
mixed with cough syrup, honey, spices & leather

Its good, but eventually it gets cloying.

Excellent projection & longevity

5/10


negative For the love of all that is holy PLEASE STOP WEARING THIS! 

When this first hit the shelves I thought it was fine. Candy-sweet bubblegum, cinnamon, woods. Pleasant. 

But now I swear I can't be in a public space without smelling this EVERYWHERE. Not a light, pleasant whiff either, it completely takes over the room and makes me nauseous. 

It has become Axe 2.0 in my region, it's what every high school boy sprays on too much of. Even if that weren't the case, this fragrance is too strong and cloying. 

If you don't want to come off as a completely unoriginal, inconsiderate loudmouth then please - PLEASE - look elsewhere. 
negative A huge commercial success due to innovative advertissements. Paco Rabanne have been becoming a great business man. 

One million is patchouli bomb rather synthetic too sweet and powderdy to my nose. I understand its success among young people who want to feel rich and popular. But I don't like it. Dissmissed!

Not good 5/10
negative Revolting. I have tried this twice.

Straight to the bathroom to wipe it off both times. I just don't understand how anyone could stand that smell. 
negative One of the most powerfully synthetic openings of any fragrance I have ever sampled.  Synthetic is the main play here as nothing smells natural in 1Million.   I live in Florida and I can only imagine how cloying the phony soapy floral notes would get on a hot summer day.   No reason I would ever want to wear this.   It als took forever to scrub off, which only confirms how chemical the composition is.
negative overpowering weird sweetness.It makes me want to throw up.
One positive that becomes negative that you can't even scrub it off.Not for me.
negative Was this the scent that launched a million young jocks? Is this what ‘fresh, spicy, leathers’ have come to?
The overriding impression of this car crash is ‘Look at me, I can scream louder, I got the bling and I think grabbing my crotch in public is the height of dudeness.’ A trying-too-hard dancefloor pretender. That isn’t a police siren tearing up the music, that’s someone doused in 1 Million coming through. 
Starts with a polite (but seen in 1 million other ‘masculines’) array of airbrushed fougere notes, a bit minty, but mostly vaguely herbal-spicy. However, these are soon overwhelmed by a post-Aventus sweet frooty gloop with lingering edges of disinfectant and urinal cake that has somehow in this curious age come to typify the smell of a lad about town on a Saturday night looking for a leg over. It blares when it could just be. Dies back to a nondescript sweetness that lingers. 

negative I really don't see what all the fuss is about with Paco Rabanne's 1 million; it LITERALLY smells like a woman's perfume. I have received a sample of it in my Sephora's sample kit FOR MEN and I am starting to wonder if they gave my the woman's sample because this is a scent I wouldn't mind smelling on a female. It is VERY Floral with some hints of sweet; if you want to smell like a flower for some weird reason then this is the scent to use!!!
negative This smells straight up like a women's fragrance. Too sweet, too floral, too fruity. 
Extremely unnatural, overbearing, overused and worn by the wrong people.

Don't let all the good reviews here fool you, quality-wise this is a horrific scent, synthetic and cheap - should be called "1" instead of "1 Million". Believe me, women above sixteen DO NOT LIKE it. Period. 

I can't see how anyone into fragrances would appreciate this garbage. Absolutely terrible!
negative Ok, so I used to love this scent. I even almost used up a whole bottle. As time has gone on i've hated this scent more and more. Now I just find this scent very irritating and sickly sweet. The smells enough to give you a headache! Also another reason why I probably began to dislike it is that everybody is wearing it. I will give you an example.. in my college class on the same day, 3 of the classmates were wearing it. Its too common and in my opinion it's getting old. It's no doubt good for clubbing cause everyone can smell you and it projects but as so many people are wearing it now, it's becoming a joke. Now I always am hearing comparisons with 1 million smelling like Spicebomb and maybe it's the cinnamon note but i don't think Spicebomb smells much like 1 million. I actually like Spicebomb and would prefer that over 1 million any day.
negative Genre: Woody Oriental

1 Million actually starts out a lot nicer than the mostly indifferent reviews had led me to believe, with perky grapefruit and orange rind top notes. The composition is soon filled out and enlivened by a sweet, creamy synthetic wood accord that’s suggestive of coco butter. So long as it remains in the background, the coconut cream is pleasant in a kind of goofy, offhand manner. Unfortunately, it rapidly expands  to drown out everything else, turning trite, and finally cloying. 

At the apex of its development, 1 Million smells like hand soap amplified to jet engine volume. It also radiates like plutonium until the very last phase of its generic pencil shavings drydown. Talk about crash and burn! 1 Million smells like its entire budget went into the first ten minutes. Long enough to close the sale and get the customer out of the store, but hardly long enough to satisfy. 


negative Honestly I hate this one.  i wanted to love it but I dont.  Maybe it will grow on me.  But right now my impressions has me wanting to make a public service announcement.    I am here to save you $50+ on the purchase price of PR1M.    Go to the dollar store and find a pack of fruit stripe gum.   Insert the whole pack in your mouth and chew to build up a large amount of saliva.    Now spit on yourself.   You now smell like a million.
negative To me this is disgusting and I have to move away/out of the underground carriage when I smell this on people as it is overpowering and acrid. It is the men's version of Poison - to be avoided. Goodness knows what the womens version smells like, I haven't dared to even try it.

neutral To me it smells like a chocolate orange marinated in sunny delight for a year. Curious smell that takes a while fr the synthetic cheap top notes to go away.
neutral 1 Million is a contemporary, synthetic, cheap and conventional “trendy leather scent”, quite plastic and light too, which is anyway overall honestly better than I expected by reading the reviews. It’s basically a sort of “all-rounder” scent which tries – and actually manages – to smell good for everything: fresh enough for the gym, safe enough for the office, trendy enough for the club, generic enough for the Post Office, and so on. Most of all, nice enough for the target it’s clearly aimed at – which is surely not the most refined gentlemen on Earth. The composition is quite simple: citrus head notes, a suederal base recreating a light, mellow suedeish note – clean and generically “modern” like in dozens of other contemporary leather scents – some canonical floral counterparts (violet, or rose), woods and patchouli to enhance the “darker” and drier side of leather, spices. As I said, all smelling quite dull, trendy and plain, with the texture and the quality of a car freshener. Still... well, I can’t really hate this. Mostly because it’s clearly, openly, and *honestly* aimed at a precise target, which *likes* and wants this kind of scents – a type of audience which basically wants a decent-smelling thing  good for any situation, and possibly generic enough to look cool and à-la-page (which for some people, means “conform to and like what other people like”). 
With so much pretentious niche that smells like this and costs three times this, pretending to be “luxury” or “sophisticated” ... you know what? That is what I hate – the pretentiousness, the fraud. While as much crap it may be, 1 Million’s fine for me, because at least it does not look pretentious (I mean, look at that hideous bottle... it’s so kitsch I want to hug it!). I always try to consider scents both “per se” and in perspective relating them to pretenses, price, target and so on. And while per se 1 Million is undoubtedly far below good (although – crucify me – it smells nice to me) if we relate to its actual raison d’etre, this is a respectable product which is aimed at the right targets – people whom you wouldn’t suggest to wear Monsieur de Givenchy or Guerlain’s Derby to. As much as you wouldn’t suggest a bespoke Corneliani suit to people which wear Topman sweaters (and you surely don’t blame Topman for not being so quality and class as Corneliani). For me, the problem of perfumery is not Rabanne or other hundreds of crap scents which, in a way, clearly “look” crap even from the bottle – the problem is the intolerable pretentiousness of brands pretending to look better than they are, and people feeding them by paying ridiculous amount of money for this same quality of Rabanne. 1 Million is so openly, unambiguously, honestly tacky I can’t really blame it for nothing (plus, as I said – crucify me again – it smells better than expected). And I’m fine with that (not that anyone should care). 

6/10
neutral I didn't want to like this stuff.  Yeah I admit I'm a little snooty, but that wasn't the reason. The real Paco Rabanne was my first purchase ever and I still think it's great stuff.  I think it's because of the money-worshiping name and crass marketing.  (For the record, I also think Roja Dove's ludicrous prices are a crass appeal to money-worshippers.  But Dove has exquisite skill and taste.)

And the fact is I really don't like 1M very much.  But there are a couple of nice parts.  The blood orange early on is very nice.  When the coconut comes up it makes a nice naranjo-colada.  If you are a high school or college kid this might be a benefit because it will remind the girls you are interested in of their recent pubescence when they adored candy-shop smells.  Whether this inspires them to play dress-up or dress-down is for you to tease out on your own. 

After those parts comes a suffocating cedar-paneled sauna of steaming cinnamon, underlaid with a cheap, cheap sweet floral.  Cloying and claustrophobic. At this point it became a scrubber.
neutral Some days its good, others day, I put it on take a whiff and throw up cause it sometimes becomes bubble gum with some spice at the end. Idk, but when it smells good, it really works nicely.
positive Easily enjoyable fragranceI'm giving this a positive rating because it is plainly and simply a good fragrance. It isn't on every d&@chebag in my town yet and maybe that's why I'm not predisposed to hating it. It has some sweet scents and sits well on my skin. I can see how some people say it smells cheap and I got that from a cursory glance. However, sniffing further into it and giving the drydown a chance, it became wonderful(on me, anyway). Give it a chance and see what you think, with an open mind.Pros: Sweet, good projection, good longevityCons: Common in some areas, artificial instead of natural"
positive SUPER SWEET	I like it but don't wear it often. definitely a nitetime frag. can be cloying if oversprayed like I just did..	for late nights hangin out/clubbing or 2 draw attention from the opposite sex this is a masterpiece.	otherwise just an overly sweet mess of a concoction..Pros: LONG LASTINGCons: SMEELS ARTIFICIAL"
positive Sweet, with Good Projection	This fragrance starts out really sweet and really strong at the beginning, but once it fades into the basenotes it becomes a great scent.Pros: Great Basenotes, Good ProjectionCons: Cloying"
positive overall, a very good fragrance!L1 million is very sweet but masculine smelling at the same time, it has very good projection someone from 6 feet away and more will be able to smell me, longevity is excellent, i get up to 10+ hours, very goodStarts off with a very strong sweet "bubble gum" type of vibe, and that's pretty much all you get with this fragrance so it's very linear, but it is a pleasant scent.When it starts to dry down, i get a vanilla type of vibe on my skin, but it's pretty much a skin scent when it dries down.I go one spray on the neck and one on one wrist and then i tap it with my other wrist, sometimes i go three sprays, please don't over this because it can get cloying especially in hot weatherI think this can definitely be  worn all year round, just be careful with the spray on warmer weatherI think ANY age can pull this off, I'm 16 in high school and i wear this, the ladies love itOverall i give 1 million by paco rabanne a 4.5 out of 5A very pleasant scent, great compliment getterI highly recommend testing it out on your skin first because you might not like it due to it's sweetness, but definitely check it out and give it a try!I hoped you enjoyed my review.Pros: BEAST projection/longevityCons: can get cloying if sprayed to much"
positive Sweet leather. 
positive My second number ONE...	One of the bests! Its my second!
positive I bought this after 1 sniff.
Although I love the fragrance, I consider it to be somewhat juvenile like being present when candy is being made.

I would wear this if I had to go to an evening event full of younger people and I didn't want to smell like an old man.

Other than that, the use would be pretty limited unless I'm partying in the hood.
I will continue to experiment with it to see where it might best apply.
positive This is a bit of an odd fragrance for me.  When I first samples it, I immediately fell in love with it.  I get the bubblegum and cotton candy references, but to me it smelled more like vanilla flavored pipe tobacco, you know the sweet sugary kind; even though it has no tobacco smell at all to it.  I made the mistake of wearing too much once and it really got to me.  It was way too sweet and overpowering to the point that it gave me a slight headache.  I highly suggest you go lightly with this one, or else you will definitely regret it.  I still enjoy this cologne in small doses, but can't give it an enthusiastic thumbs up.. I'd rate this as a 7/10.  It's too good for a neutral, but nothing earth shattering here.
positive I love this one. In fact, my first switch from using BOGART POUR HOMME for almost 5 years straight. It's my first day at work after wearing the 1 million - just a spray on the pulse points and then a spray on the chest. The receptionist immediately asked what's the smell as the 1 million is not so easily sold in my country as it's expensive and no sample bottles are sold in this part of the world. 

It feels like sitting in the middle of a vanilla garden all day just by wearing it. One spray is mild. The HEAD aroma is very intense. The HEART leaves a vanilla aroma. The TAIL? Yet to get to that part. My wife should be able to tell the difference. And I'm sure if it is good, I get lucky ;-) !
positive Yes it might be over used, yes it smells young, yes I might be too old to wear it, BUT what's the bottom line?  It smells good. Sure it smells like bubble gum with some cinnamon sprinkled on top and a touch of sugar. I like and so does my wife. Do I wear it everyday?  Uh no, however to mix things up from time to time I do grab this and don't think twice about it. 
positive I have used a lot of perfumes ,all top notch.This is something I really love to wear anywhere because you know that you are noticed.Bubblegums,candies etc .are the main notes.Drydown is like a leather jacket.This is complimented.A lot of people might say it's quite ladies but seriously speaking its awesome.You get 1 million compliments.Love this one.Got a lot of them and the compliments continue......................................
positive Smells very nice, youthful definitely. On me this doesn't last and project as much as the hype would have you believe, but it's a very pleasant and enjoyable fragrance. 
positive Great sweet but mature scent. Ideal for the night. The only bad thing is that is way to popular and it lacks exclusivity.
positive Everyone has it. In every club you can smell it. It has already been ripped off. But it smells great! It's actually wonderful. I dont care about others using it, i just find it gorgeous. A must have. Thumbs up.

negative Trashy, but I think that's intentional.;	If I smelled this with a blindfold on I'd say it smells like waiting outside of a public restroom in a casino. You're near the smoking section, next to a gift shop stocked with candy and especially red licorice. Every time the bathroom door opens a cloud emerges that is a combination of the urinal-cakes, the cherry-almond soap leaking out of the dispensers, the disinfectant in the mop water the janitor is cleaning the floor with... 	Then I take the blindfold off, see the tacky gold bar atomizer and think, so wait — casino bathroom is exactly what the house was going for?"  	At least it's self-aware.
negative Sickly sweet disgusting trash. Probably designed to be the next step up for teenagers from wearing Lynx Excite. "Yes! You too can smell like an accident in a sweet shop!" I certainly won't miss it when I finish the bottle.
negative In the beginning I loved '1 Million' - it was fresh and like walking through an orchard full of berries. But after a couple of minutes it transforms into this sweet stench... like you're trespassing or you got lost in some woods full of blueberry. the smell becomes so dominant that it's annoying. but luckily after a couple of minutes you can't smell a thing any longer, because it doesn't last at all.
negative this is sweet peppery synthetic frag , very cheap execution :)

probably made according to the new market taste for sweet feminine frags with some spices added so it can be sold as masculine :) anyone who can wear this can wear every single female perfume and smell better!!


guys i recommend Ormonde man, instead of this ! 
negative It smelled decent at first spray but it just isn't for me. It smells like buble gum and metal. A grown man shouldn't wear this. Let me rephrase that. A refined man shouldn't wear this.
negative Fine fragrance that meets the purpose for which it was made: partying, that appeals to the masses, good behavior on the skin ... but I can not stand it. It's not the fact of being overcrowded, but become extremely cloying on my skin, and low-quality synthetic.

neutral Bazzoka joe musk If type two diabetes had a smell, I think this is it. I hate to admit it, but I feel like 1 million has just that many things wrong with it. It is the official smell anthem for the "me" generation with how much it stands out. This is not really putting the "b" in subtle here folks. It screams "I'm 18, I paid 60 bucks for this t-shirt, I'm drunk, and I don't really love you". So if that's what you are going for, you're in luck because we found your scent.Pros: It is an introductory to the world of cologneCons: Everything
neutral When i first got my nose on 1 million, it was ok..

Second try and err, it was just way too sweet.

Im going neutral on this fragrance mainly cos i dont completely hate as it didnt offend me, but dont really think i would want to wear it.

meh...
neutral This is bubblegum.  Double-bubble, specifically.  Not for me.
neutral This is about as synthetic candy-sweet as it gets. A touch of citrus and mint to start off, a bit of spice and patchouli thrown in, not very well balanced or convincingly blended.  Outstanding, however, aside from the good silage and projection,  on my skin is the monster longevity of twelve hours. 

neutral  At first sniff this was a very unique scent, not particularly masculine, but very different from all the fresh aquatic scents that have come out over the past few years. I definitely picked up on the rose note as it began to dry down, but not so much with the leather note. I tried it on for myself and loved the top and middle notes, but  when it came to the base it smelled just like pencil shavings on me. 
 If mixed with the right chemistry I could see 1 Million as an amazing fragrance, just not on me. It is a distinct fragrance, I could pick Million out on a blind sniff, but it's not for me.
neutral didn't mind the intial first few minutes until it got too sweet.  not my cup of tea, but the i do like the bottle. very cool i must admit
neutral I get the cotton candy / juicyfruit sweetness at the start with some cinnamon. When it settles down on me, it is predominately spice and musk, with a hint of the sweetness in the background...and that there lies the problem. Too much musk and spice. If they dropped the musk back a bit and increased the sweetness on the dry down then this would be perfect. As it is, its just average.   
neutral I love it! Especially opening. Unfortunately it's so popular, that you won't find living human being, who don't know what 1 million is, what it smells like and how it looks like. Too many people wear it. If you want to smell decent and OK, then go for it!

Rating would be positive if not the popularity.
neutral This is a great one if you want to smell like cotton candy. I am not meaning that in a bad way, but it just isn't for me. I don't find any complexity in it, just sugary with a powder vanilla dry down. 
neutral Great bottle - if you're a teenage boy who wants to swank about in the bathroom. Great silage and longevity - if you're a teenage boy who wants everyone to know that he's just started shaving. Great advert - if you're a teenage boy who likes the idea of blinging it up. Great opening - not just for teenage boys - the blood orange smelled like mandarin jelly to me - delicious. Vile drydown - great for a teenage boy who wants his friends to know he's wearing 1 Million - but for everyone else it's an invitation to a migraine.  Whatever White woods are meant to smell like, they seem to occur in every budget or copycat fragrance and have the tenacity of a cockroach. 

Postscript: 5 days later, the cuff of my jacket still reeks from two sprays of a tester. 
positive The opening is lovely - a fresh, natural, somewhat sweet tuberose/jasmine accord, however I unfortunately don’t get anything close to the longevity others have gotten. This fragrance disappears entirely from my skin in about fifteen minutes. 

UPDATE: I sampled this at Sephora and could smell it pretty much all day, so my first sample from eBay must have been off - or fake, which is hard to believe. In any case I am changing my review to give this a thumbs-up. The florals are a lot more lush as well. Nice quality white floral for a designer fragrance. 
positive Smack in the face!  The tuberose hit with all its glory: rich, a touch waxy, and just delightful. Soon the jasmine arises; not only does it arise but it also raises the stakes: rich, the bud is in the foreground and there is a leave green element with whiffs of woods too. 

This heart is and remains the floral mix; additional whiffs of and gardenia come and go.

The later stages add a honeysuckle-like aroma, which probably is the element of the Rangoon creeper added in.  Is is the sweetest component in the development of this floral bunch, but this is a civilised and lovely sweetness, which is never unpleasant, intrusive or cloying.  

I get moderate sillage, excellent projection and a splendid twelve hours of longevity on my skin.  

This floral spring scent is a beauty.  Gucci harkens back to the days of quality over superficially blandly synthetic fruitchouli tedium.  The notes are classical but never of the dowager-ageing character that tuberose-fragrances can be prone to sometimes, and manage to include and element of contemporary freshness.  Whilst not a particularly original or complex creation, the ingredients are of a high quality.  The performance is superb.  Gucci back to its old olfactory glory.   3.5/5. 



positive I'm surprised that this has been the commercial success that it is, given its notes are often accused of making a perfume smell like an "old lady" (the words used by many people who are inexperienced in describing perfumes, not I). A few years back I myself didn't enjoy heavy white florals and thought that I loathed jasmine in perfumes. It turned out that I just wasn't smelling the right ones that were blended in a way that I could love. And once I did I began to appreciate white floral perfumes, which allows me to own and enjoy this one like I do today.

Because this is strictly floral and nothing but the floral, and they are some of the strongest heavy hitters in the floral perfume world (tuberose, jasmine, honeysuckle) it could have easily been too overwhelming, but Morillas has managed to blend and create a solid release under a mainstream name that showcases an under appreciated genre in designer scents, and do it in a classy way that is easy to understand by people of all ages. There will be some people who still do not "get" or like this scent, but I've seen a lot of people warm up to the idea of this release who might have been saying the same thing I did a few years ago (jasmine perfumes smell like p**p!) I've seen it on the dressing tables and Instagram pictures of many beauty influencers who's signature scents used to be Vera Wang Princess and Pink Sugar. This is quite a step in a direction of different and seemingly more mature. This perfume brings the hope that perfume houses might start creating and releasing a variety of scents in their showcase, rather than 94 of the same exact scent with a different colored bow on the bottle. (Now granted, they have released 2 flankers of this scent in particular already, but anything that is the antithesis of LVEB mean I'm not arguing.)

To bring it all back to what this scent smells like and not necessarily its role in the marketing and release world of designer fragrances- this is a pleasant and "crowd pleasing" white floral. Unless you really just do not like floral perfumes, this will not your ruffle feathers, but a test on skin is still recommended- no matter how tempting those influencer's dressing table pics with this bottle may be. On my skin, this does go a bit indolic in a way that if it were any stronger I would've recoiled away in disgust, but it is such a light touch to the lushness of these florals that I really do not mind. In fact, it adds a touch of intrigue to this scent that causes me to keep whiffing to see if that's really what I smell. I wind up huffing myself like a crazy person, before I decide on the fact that I find the scent oddly pleasing and comforting. 

I've read a lot of reviews that suggest many people do not get this slightly animalic smell and instead have only found a basic nonoffensive white floral smell with a touch of greenness, so don't let this turn you off of testing. I'm used to my white florals always having a woody amber/vanilla base so it could just be that I am unfamiliar with the smell of a true floral fragrance completely exposed. If you are too, this is a really good place to start.

Sillage is actually really good with around 5-6 sprays I smell myself all day, which means this fragrance lasts all day. I sprayed mine last night and I'm smelling it well into the morning all around me. I'm not sure if this means anything, but my bottle's atomizer is very fine as well. When it sprays, I almost do not feel any liquid touching my skin, and I feared that my bottle may be defective. But the performance on my skin tells me that this bottle just has unique mechanisms that allow a less saturated application and more skin/clothing to be fragranced. This is probably why I experience such great performance and I'm greatly impressed by this as I have many perfume bottles, and I don't remember any of them having this feature. 

positive I'm one of those people who loves tuberose in theory but hates it in practise. It's over-used to suggest an erotic theme and has an astonishing ability to dominate a fragrance to the exclusion of pretty much any note less forceful than household bleach. Gucci has, therefore, achieved something impressive in creating a tuberose I actually like. 

Bloom is lightweight and fresh, capturing the moisture of tuberose without feeling tired and humid. It doesn't have enormous longevity (at least not when applied with a light hand), but it's a very wearable floral which definitely isn't run-of-the-mill.
positive Bloom is the newest perfume by Gucci brand that appeared in 2017. New creative director Alessandro Michele and famous “nose” Alberto Morillas decided to freshen up Gucci’s perfume collection with two unusual editions, for the brand but also for entire designer line. They’ve made a bigger step with male perfume (if you can call it like that because the basic assumption is that to smell good) Gucci Guilty Absolute, and then with retro Bloom perfume,

Gucci Bloom has a soliflore composition that, as the name says, consists of only one flower, in this case, tuberose. Of course, in reality perfumes don’t have only one ingredient and in soliflore’s case, it’s the question of mixing the scent notes in a way that only one stands out. In Gucci Bloom fragrance tuberose is backed by jasmine and Rangoon Creeper ivy or Chinese honeysuckle (Combretum Indicum) that was allegedly never used in perfume industry. This interesting flower is growing in tropical areas of Vietnam, Burma, and Thailand and with its opulent scent and color that changes daily from white to pink and finally red, it attracts both insects and people.

Tuberose’s characteristic is its peculiar, heavy scent that people either love or loathe. That highly polarizing effect doesn’t stop with tuberose scent note since Gucci Bloom soliflore composition also divides people, like a jingle that we hear on the radio that we either hum or it annoys us every time we hear it. My first reaction to Gucci Bloom was negative, an overdose of floral juices that immediately prompted a desire for something fresh and green, like cis-3-hexyl or triplal which is odd since creative director Alessandro Michele said that he “wanted a scent that will transport you immediately to a garden full of flowers and greens.” But it went into my nose, ear, mind…Now I’m glad I gave it another chance because I believe it is one of the better novelties this fall.

If you pick this perfume be careful because with Gucci Bloom it’s all about the art of applying the fragrance. Too little will cause nausea, to much a headache. If you put it in the too warm room you will smell like the inside of flower ship and in too cold room, it will smell like an ice cream which best to date has expired. But with the right temperature and in right conditions…you will smell heavenly. I would suggest you use it only during long walks when the temperature is between 10 to 25 C.

The way the perfume was presented is surprising. “Garden as beautiful as women: with many colors, wild, different, full of everything. Gucci Bloom embodies this garden to attract you to a place that no longer exists.” But there is no garden. It’s about one flower, tuberose. Not only that entire Gucci Bloom is focused on it but also the entire perfume industry as it is the most expensive ingredient in the world, destined by a subtle and refined method of enfleurage. It you like tuberose and perfumes like Dyptique Do Son or Frederic Malle Carnal Flower, be sure to try Gucci Bloom next time you visit your favorite perfume shop.
positive Beside Rush, I am not an owner of a Gucci perfume. None of them suits me. I am sorry I had no chance to smell Envy because I heard it was a beautiful creation.
Now, let’s talk about Bloom. Tuberose is a nice flower but it can be very heavy. 2017 seems to be a tuberose year: Twilly, Gabrielle and now Gucci Bloom. I bet that by the end of the year there will be more perfumes that have tuberose as a starting point.
The fragrance opens with a sweet tuberose. The sweetness comes from honeysuckle, a flower from heaven with a gorgeous smell. So, I get a sweet, wonderful tuberose because it is the diva in this composition.
The perfume is linear with a tuberose which dominates the other notes. Sweet but not sickly, sharp but not annoying, loud but not disturbing. A classic composition made for all those who love white flowers.
The dry-down is a little powdery and balsamic maybe due to orris root, but still full of tuberose.
Projection and longevity are very good.
Gucci Bloom is a very nice fragrance where the tuberose is very well represented. It is different from others perfumes and bold in its own way. A good floral for the floral lovers.

positive This is such a gorgeous, balanced white floral scent that I love to the point of obsession, but unfortunately I'm hard pressed to get it to last more than 3 hours on my skin.

I'm not very familiar with tuberose but to me this scent is predominantly jasmine, which I love.  Two things are working against me buying the bottle:
1) my boyfriend is averse to the scent (it irritates him so much his nose runs).
2)  I've worn it three times and only on one occasion, it lasted 7 hours on one arm but wore off within 4 hours on the other arm.  On the other two occasions, it wore off within 4 hours and I'd have to respray.  For reference, I wore it in 65F / 18C weather and moisturised my skin with frag-free lotion beforehand.

I'm still on the hunt for a similar jasmine scent with better performance.

negative Not impressed. I had high hopes. It was candy store sweet that reeked of cheapness. 

neutral This smells like it was created to appeal to as many people as possible. It's a pretty floral but not at all memorable. I've been testing it for days and kept forgetting to write a review because I forget I'm wearing it. It fades quickly.
neutral Gucci Bloom (2017) is an interesting perfume. Fresh, light, feminine, and crisp, this perfume should check all the boxes for the modern female nose. Closer inspection of the scent reveals it uses a combination of florals typically associated with older aldehyde chypres and 80's powerhouses; namely the absolutes of jasmine, tuberose, iris, and gardenia are coupled with orris root and cedar to deliver a drier presentation than the sweet fruity floral shower gel homages that stand in for modern designer perfumes marketed to women these days, and I feel that may mark Gucci Bloom as a "grandma" perfume to the youngest of the 21st century perfume buyers out there. All of that notwithstanding, what we basically have is Alberto Morillas doing what he does best: following a brief to the letter and delivering exactly as asked without much artistic embellishment, which in this instance is making a "bloom" of flowers. The perfume gets a lot of crap from perfumistas and  colognoisseurs for behaving like a mindless hired gun and spitting out heaps of vapid drivel between the occasional spark of artistic genius, but his ability to "color inside the lines" is exactly why he gets so many commissions to begin with. and sometimes we end up with something pleasant if not extraordinary to show for it. Gucci Bloom isn't the only 21st century perfume that has attempted to redress a traditional floral in something younger and more affable, but the way it goes about presenting itself (as something totally innovative and new) versus what it is when smelled is the biggest obstacle it faces, yet has proven successful enough to create a line of flankers (which unsurprisingly bear no resemblance to this main pillar whatsoever).

Gucci Bloom opens with some really lush jasmine sambac, like the kind you can find growing in a botanical garden or backyard garden. The tuberose gently lilts into place alongside this very fresh jasmine, creating a wall of white floral elegance that separates the ladies from the girls if this is smelled upon them. I totally get why an accord like this is seen as dated and mature, because tuberose in particular was used to death in many of the "terrible tuberose" powerhouses of the 80's, and even though it isn't pushed by tons of aldehydes or oakmoss here, the note is familiar enough to those who sniffed their mom's perfume to create that connection. Once you get past this, we enter a nice sweeter gardenia and honeysuckle accord accredited to the exclusive "Rangoon creeper" variety used for Bloom, but it brings enough youth to the scent to bridge that generational divide in bloom. A clean iris comes in again to reiterate the maturity of the scent with a makeup-like quality that helps the florals merge nicely into the orris, cedar, and musk of the base. The final stages are dry, woody, and lightly musky but clean, with the tuberose and jasmine just sailing overhead in wisps here and there. Totally casual, very summery, and quite pretty, Gucci Bloom is literally everything most serious tuberose perfumes are not: relaxed. People who love pretty white florals but want to stay within modern perfumery will already be all over this long before I weigh in on it, but for those not familiar with Bloom, this is effectively a summer dress and straw hat in a bottle, with a bit of aromachemical bounce to make it feel airy for moderate day wear with medium projection. I don't get much unisex potential with this one, unless you're a man with particularly exaggerated dandy tastes, but I wouldn't be put off smelling it on anyone regardless of gender. 

The problem with this is tuberose is a love or hate flower from the get go, and if you're not thrilled by the full monty of Robert Piguet Fracas (1948), the intense purity of Carnal Flower by Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle (2005) or even the voluptuous blended tuberose treatment of Estée Lauder Beautiful (1985), then you might be -just- okay with Gucci Bloom, but it will come across as a dialed-down version of something you're already hesitant to enjoy. For everyone out their loving their tuberose and cranking it proudly to eleven, Bloom may seem like a dilution made for mass consuption, a "Flintstones Vitamins" version of Fracas, and so on. The tug-of-war between old-school full floral and new-school freshness is a novel way to approach tuberose, especially with the jasmine sambac and honeysuckle making it feel more of a natural occurrence in the air rather than a concentrated "perfumey" blast, but it's a compromise on the level of the doomed New Coke, where you know you're getting an old idea re-keyed with modern sensibilities rather than just a flat-out new idea or something that is traditional and owns it with pride. The person who likes Gucci Bloom is likely the person who loves tuberose but doesn't want to wear the old girls in public due to their weight and tenacity, or the younger folks who loved their mother's perfumes but can't pull them off, so they want a version made "for them", but anyone without these peer pressure-induced hangups just wants their tuberose and doesn't care. Sampling the line should be rather easy as this stuff is all over the major retailers, and even if you don't like the original Bloom, there are several flankers which all have unique characters worth exploring as well. For me, this is a solid neutral because I'm not a tuberose fan and the jasmine here is not of the potency I prefer, but Gucci Bloom is nothing if not pleasant otherwise.
neutral Love child of Diptyque's Olene and Lutens' Fleurs d'Oranger, but less interesting than both. Reminds me of a cheap body spray I used in the late 80's or early 90's.

If you're looking for a fresh white floral with more jasmine, Olene is 'higher,' lighter,  and more natural. 

Perhaps I'm just not a tuberose fan. Perhaps I'd like it better if it didn't smell to me like "Beverly Hills 90210." 
neutral I love tuberose but, although this is well balanced, this floral is a bit too fresh, too green and too light for me. 
positive Tried sample of Eau de Toilette in small set; nice longevity and hints of wonderful scents and notes that don't QUITE reach fruition.  Definitely going to try as EDP.
positive Until today I have never owned Shalimar, the pillar perfume. I've tried it, hundreds of times, always the EDP and decided it wasn't for me. I own Parfum Initial, L'Eau, Eau de Shalimar, Batwing Shalimar Cologne and the 2015 version Cologne. My favourite is Cologne 2015 and I ordered what I thought might be a replacement bottle that was headed EDT/Cologne. Yes, I thought, that's it, Shalimar Cologne 2015 at EDT strength. It was the EDT that arrived. I had factored that in as an eventuality and I sprayed it on, layered with a bit of the Batwing bottle Eau de Cologne (made for the U.S. market in the U.S.A) and it's very nice, I will use it, but I love the Cologne 2015 as it is closest to Shalimar Eau Legere (DISC) Are we all sufficiently confused now? I haven't even mentioned the Madagascar or the Mexique. There is no escape from Shalimar.
positive Shalimar is the crown jewel in the Guerlain catalog, the scent that came to define the house and it's use of the "Guerlinade" compound note which found its way into almost all of perfumer Jacques Guerlain's compositions, plus a great many of Jean-Paul Guerlain's as well. Shalimar was named after a garden in Lahore made for Mumtaz Mahal, the same woman for whom the Taj Mahal was also built. The creation of Shalimar was near-accidental too, as perfumer Jacques Guerlain discovered its primary accord by pouring a bottle of ethylvanillin into a bottle of Jicky (1889), the seminal fougère that was originally composed by his uncle Aimé Guerlain, building a fragrance upon another fragrance as Jacques Guerlain was known to do. Therefore like Jicky, Shalimar is technically a fougère as well, since it is built up from that fragrance's structure, but it contains a great many more oriental elements to it, and is thus often associated with the oriental category. If Jicky was the unintentional gender bender progenitor that was loved by a great many men alongside women, and Mouchoir de Monsieur (1904) the masculine-targeted shade thereof, then Shalimar is the rounder and more-luxurious advancement of that primary accord pitched to women during the roaring 20's. The scent was originally released in 1921 alongside Chanel No. 5 (1921), and proved to be the strongest competition that iconic perfume had, but went under a numerical designation just as the Chanel did until 1925, because the name "Shalimar" was being contested by another perfumer who claimed to have already used it. When known as "No. 90", the perfume made waves, but it wasn't until it's widespread 1925 release as Shalimar that the legend was born. The overall smell of Shalimar isn't much removed from Jicky, and indeed many of the great oriental and fougère-like compositions made under the hands of Jacques Guerlain share similar traits, not only because of his "fragrance upon another fragrance" crafting or the "Guerlinade" house accord he perfected, but also because it's the style he seemingly preferred. L'Heure Blue (1912), Mitsouko (1919), and Shalimar all have multiple levels of this intertextuality with each other and previous Guerlain efforts from which Jacques drew his inspiration; that was just part of of his unique creative process.

What makes Shalimar stand out from all it's siblings is its plushness, its fullness, the radiance of its notes, which can be a bit much to take for some people. The scent opens with lavender, bergamot, and mandarin, but switches out Jicky's rosewood for aldehydes and herbal rosemary, which makes for the resplendence of Shalimar's opening. This change doesn't make as much difference to the overall character of the perfume as the addition of an actual heart structure to Shalimar, which Jicky sorely lacked. That scent moves from its barbershop opening into a hellish moat of animalic and heady base notes, with only a floral heart inferred by the flip-flop transition between top to bottom. Jacques Guerlain likely wasn't happy with the "presto-chango" suddenness of uncle Aimé's composition, because instead, we go down to the base notes in stages with Shalimar, more like a traditional perfume. Jasmine, rose, patchouli, and vetiver stand vividly in the heart of Shalimar more than they did in the trap door dry down of Jicky, and are joined by a poofy iris note which also replaces the orris of Jicky and helps Shalimar feel a bit more feminine, which was the aim anyway. The tell-tale vanilla note anchoring the accidental discovery that is this perfume's primary accord shows up halfway, bringing in the rest of the Jicky base with new additions of opoponax and peru basalm. Shalimar tries to be a little more polite with its use of animalics, taking musk in place of styrax, and toning down the civet and ambergris just a touch so the other heart notes of tonka, leather, sandalwood, and oakmoss can be felt. I don't get the cinnamon spice or incense notes of Jicky in Shalimar either, and the blending is much smoother, making any note separation a real reach (translation, lots of sniffing to find), which is another master stroke of Jacques himself. Taken on its own merit without comparing it to compositions with which it shares most of its notes, Shalimar is an unusual vanillic oriental fougère-like fragrance that sat right with women in the early 20th century, particularly flappers that liked it's dynamism made possible by rich semi-indolic underpinnings, lady-like aldehydic florals, and oriental smoothness. Wear time varies greatly on concentration, as Shalimar was made in many forms, but a median figure across all iterations is a solid 8 hours of moderate sillage. Something this illustrious isn't a casual wear, regardless of context, so make sure you don't glow like a diesel hot plug by your choice of Shalimar on a casual game night. 

All told, Shalimar is still mostly retained by women as the matriarch of grand perfumes, with only the aforementioned Chanel No. 5 to really contest this claim, but guys can totally wear Shalimar too, as the primary accord is rather unisex, but with a slightly heavier dose of "Guerlinade" than usual pushing the smell to be uncomfortably makeup-like if you're a jock type. Still, dandies in France famously have worn Shalimar for years, and if Jicky didn't scare you, I doubt this will either. The reason for the stigma against men wearing Shalimar, like most things in the fragrance world, comes down to marketing. Guerlain had mostly given up on pitching Jicky to women even after making Mouchoir de Monsieur as a manlier substitute, but they stuck to their guns with Shalimar, keeping it in the company of Mitsouko and L'Heure Bleu as sort of the "big 3" feminines from the house, creating something of a marketing barrier. Then Jean-Paul Guerlain went off and made the chypre Habit Rouge (1965) with grandfather Jacques' "Guerlinade" in the mix, perhaps moving male interest further away from Shalimar in the process, but that hasn't stopped perfume hobbyists or open-minded guys with a bit of gender fluidity from enjoying it. Bottom line here is if you like old floral barbershop smells, vanillic orientals, and anything with a clean, plush, soapy smell up top, but a substantially musky animalic backbone, you'd enjoy Shalimar regardless of what is between your legs. Since this perfume has inspired so many others high and low, you've likely already bought something descended from it anyway and didn't know. Parfum extrait and eau de parfum are going to be the heaviest take with the most complex dry downs. More vanilla, oakmoss, sandalwood, and musk is present to my nose in the extrait, and the top fades fastest. I find folks enjoying the animalic qualities of Shalimar best suited to the eau de toilette, which seems to let the floral heart and civet in the base breath more freely, at the cost of some development. The folks who want the fougère elements to ring truest are better off with the eau de cologne, since it showcases the lavender and bergamot strongest, then crisply segues through the floral heart and lays upon a drier version of the base that sees the vanilla, civet, and leather turned down in favor of the tonka, oakmoss, and ambergris. Regardless of which version you get, they're all thumbs up from me. Shalimar is a pièce de résistance solidifying Guerlain as one of the greatest perfume houses of all time, and you know I rarely speak in such lofty terms.
positive I think of Shalimar as the more elegant and refined version of Jicky.

It is a signature worthy fragrance that can easily be worn by men. Get it while it’s still readily available. 

Only caveat, it takes time to understand and appreciate Shalimar, vintage Shalimar makes this process easier.
positive Shalimar is one of the most famous perfumes of French house Guerlain and one of my all time favorites. If you want to be clinical about it, the perfume was created in 1925 by Jacques Guerlain, in time when the “scent of Orient” began spreading through Western Europe. It touched everything, from fashion, art, music…to perfumes. Jacques Guerlain was experimenting with a brand new substance, synthetic vanilla (etylvanilin) and mixed it with different perfume basis. He was happy with the results but when he mixed vanilla and Jicky…magic happened. The spirit of Shalimar was freed from the bottle.

Perfume and its name haven’t stopped intriguing our senses and imagination; its effect breaks social taboos. Respectable ladies of the time shouldn’t consummate cigarettes, dance tango… and wear Shalimar. They of course did all that in secrecy. There isn’t a force strong enough to stop the passion and erotic yearning for life embodied in Shalimar, whose name in Sanskrit means “temple of love.” Legendary garden where Emperor Shah Jahan and Mumtaz Mahal celebrated their love. After Mumtaz’s death, inconsolable emperor built Taj Mahal in honor of his favorite wife. Like Taj Mahal, Shalimar is a monument and part of perfume history. It is the first oriental perfume history knows. But that is not the most important thing…because the story of Shalimar has no beginning or end. It is a story of the essence of human desire, the sweet moments of bliss unknown to history but older than time.

It could have been created in ancient Egypt where its lush, intoxicating nature would spark forbidden love between Cleopatra and Marc Antony. Homeland of Shalimar could have been mysterious and magical Arabia because it told more than 1001 tales. I can easily imagine Madame Pompadour wearing it and knocking the entire Louis XV’s court of their feet with her beauty, charm and seductive silage. I can even see, with my inner vision, a beautiful creature inhabiting Earth thousands of years from now, smelling like Shalimar and through synthetic explosion in its highly developed brain soaking freely all the beauty of being on this planet and tasting its sensual fruits skillfully captured in a small bottle of perfume. As poet John Keats said: “A thing of beauty is a joy for ever, Its loveliness increases, it will never pass into nothingness.” If that is the case, isn’t it beautiful?
positive Think Mae West and Sophia Loren and Rita Hayworth all rolled into one. Pure and utterly rich plushness and rounded, generous bosoms and a warm, talcum-ed girdle. The grande dame of all perfume-land and one of the few scents that I love, but cannot wear. She is truly beautiful and utterly seductive...so much so that I feel as if I am wearing a satin negligee and pink feather boa whenever I put her on. She is more of a woman than I ever could be and almost too hot to handle, so I smell her from a distance and enjoy her all the more that way. 

The scent for which the term va-va-voom was invented.
positive One of the greatest scents in modern history.  I've always owned this and always shall.  My nose memory cannot tell the difference between vintage and modern.  Nor, does it care.  Not a scent for the timid.  Deep, rich, velvety, and assertive...
positive I’m so glad I have this beauty in my stable finally!  I’ve flirted with Shalimar for a long time, and really wanted to get it, and then by some major luck I was able to pick up a nice big bottle for an astonishingly good price, so I went for it.  But really, what more can I say about this that hasn’t been said before?  It’s a beautiful scent and I can understand why so many people love it.  The sillage and longevity of this is amazing – I could still smell this after eight hours, and it’s one of those scents that seems to bloom if you get a bit warm.  This is one of the few perfumes I have that has elicited an unprompted “oh, you smell nice!” from my husband.  Normally I have to shove my arm under his nose and ask him to smell it before I’ll get a comment.  Reading through the reviews, I’m amazed at how this perfume reacts with different people – some get leather, some get incense, some get spice, some get lemon.  Each time I wear this, it is different.  The first time I wore it, it was all soft powder with a touch of citrus.  The next time, I got a big burst of citrus at the start, with a hint of leather, before it mellowed into a beautiful, soft, creamy powdery vanilla.  The time after that, it was all powder and cream and vanilla, straight away.  Shalimar smells sexy and very, very classy but at the same time, there is also something very comforting and approachable about it.  It’s like you’re at a fancy party, and you see a stunningly beautiful, beautifully dressed, elegant woman – at first glance, she appears aloof, and you’re not sure if you should approach her.  So you stay away, and instead she approaches you and flings her arms around you and greets you like a long-lost friend, and she’s so warm and friendly and welcoming that you wonder why you stayed away.  I love it.  
positive Top notes attractive notes with the freshness of the citrus flavor (especially the notes of Bergamot). The colors from the floral notes give the overall scent of perfume a special, full of smooth continuous drainage with the presence of iris, jasmine and roses. Creamy soft vanilla seductive, combined with the scent of iris hard to resist, all around flavor and aroma of a food pharmaceutical warm tonka bean, all blended into a unified whole top from which no language can describe.

Queen of the oriental flavor, fragrance Shalimar is a feminine, attractive and timeless for perfume. Perfume scent sexy and smooth screen with sweet vanilla flavor warm embrace of incense and amber. Elegance and persistence, the seductive appeal of Shalimar contained.

Timeless oriental fragrance full of charm and mystery for the girls. Beautiful bottle design and meaningful. Exotic fluidity is also the strength of fragrance. 
positive This 1950s Shalimar Eau de Cologne is a nice, sweet vanilla and tonka perfume, stronger than my 1980s Habit Rouge Eau de Cologne, but bearing a strong resemblance.
positive Sharp bergamot and powder on the opening, a little soapy. Rose and jasmine full in your face, drying beautifully through amber and creamy sandalwood. Tonka, opopanax and leather underneath.
The first 20 minutes are gorgeous - I have my nose to my wrist every 60 seconds so as to not miss a turn in the development.
Although the opopanax powder is quite heady at first - I found it be an acquired taste, actually - it is soon balanced by the incense spice. Later, it settles down into that lovely soft, warm vanilla and tonka base, kept from becoming too sweet by a little leather to dry it.

Definitely a grown-up fragrance with the option of sharing - would love to smell it on a musky male, interesting with a touch deep in a beard, I think.
One of my top 5 favourite feminine fragrances and the first I ever bought blind...
positive What can I say about Shalimar?  I think it is a milestone of perfumery.  A classic.  I am a Guerlain addict and I love the big 3 (L'Heure Bleue, Mitsouko and Shalimar).  I always have an EDP working of those three.  I love Shalimar but was first not going to wear it because I associated it with both my mother and sister who wore it.  I thought it would be too much for me but it is wonderful.  This dark, sweet and smoky scent is wonderful on me and can definitely be worn by a man.  3 sprays will do it;  one on the chest and one in each crook of the elbow is enough.  Best to apply about an hour before leaving the house as the opening is quite strong and can be alarming with the high dose of bergamot.  
The beauty of Shalimar for me is the development of all the notes that come together in the final drydown.  
I think that the citrus blast of bergamot with a bit of cedar in the opening leads beautifully into the heart of jasmine, iris and a deep rose scent that is unbelievably rich.  The creme brulee vanilla drydown is stunningly displayed on skin for the remainder of the day and I love it at the end of the day when I take my T shirt off and can still smell the Guerlinade and perhaps a bit of civet to make it interesting and personal.  
The use of oppoponax and tonka bean are pure genius and make the base absolutely unforgettable.
Everyone must try this just to sample a bit of the brilliance of Guerlain.
This seems like a refined sweeter version of the civet heavy Jicky which is my number one favorite scent of all time.
positive A lemony, powder-sugared confection.  That is how the gourmand quality hits me.  Like those little lemon cookies at Easter time covered in powdered sugar.  So yeah, this is very powdery.  My mom always wore the very powdery Chantilly and this is also very powdery in a similar way.  If you associate powdery perfumes with mothers and grandmas, then this will be one of those.  

The dry down is where Shalimar really wins me over.  It settles into a warmer, more vanilla scent (yet still powdery).  I can't get enough of it then. At this point, it doesn't project as much, making it more of a personal indulgence of nostalgia.  Not one you're going to wear out to blast the party and club scene with.
positive My family is mostly show people and jazz musicians, and when I was little there were often colorful characters hanging around, HOW colorful I didn't find out until later.

One of them was an older English lady named Mae, who had a white poodle. Apparently she was the madam in a high-end brothel. Sometimes we'd go to Mae's apartment, which had the most extraordinary smell of years and years of Shalimar permeating every surface + unwashed dog. That was my first Guerlain experience. (The second was a Pekingese that smelled of Mitsouko. True - not trying to be funny.)

So it took a very long time before I could really consider Shalimar on its own merits, and even then, its skanky facet was off-putting to me, because I kept smelling unwashed dog! In retrospect, Mae's poodle may not have been that dirty, and it might have just been her vintage Shalimar. I really never thought I'd become a Shalimar person, even though I have lots of history with the other vintage Guerlain greats.

The Ode a la Vanille (Mexique) ended up being my gateway drug, because the vanilla in that version is so smoky and dense and wonderful that I could stick with it, and now I've learned to love even the skank of Shalimar proper. 

I do continue to prefer that limited edition, yet I've come to own and love the EDC, as well, because that version also features a very smoky vanilla, and ends up wearing as mostly that. Plus it's often available inexpensively in the drugstore! Coming around to Shalimar has actually had a fantastic effect on my perfume spending habits, for while I  still find new things that I like, when I ask myself, "but would you be likely to NOT wear Shalimar to wear this instead?" it's just a no.


positive Salutation.

I absolutely love this fragrance and definitely it is in my top 10 of all great fragrances for ladies.It is a classically timeless rich floral fragrance.A sensual and provocative fragrance that oozes femininity. Masterpiece,Seductive,Warm,Magnetic, Artistic,Rich and Feminine

The opening is classic floral with a citrusy note,which harmonizes with the note of Rose,Jasmine and Patchouli.A base of Incense, Vanilla,Sandalwood and Leather brings an air of Sensuality as it is warm and full of depth. The dry down is wonderful.

You wear it when you are going somewhere very SPECIAL and you want to make a Great impression.This fragrance might be best for AUTUMN/WINTER seasons.excellent for perfect lady. Anyway in my mind it is an intoxicating bosom smell,it is just phenomenal and a definite must have.

Sillage?Fantastic. 

Longevity?Great on my skin. 

THANK YOU GUERLAIN 

8.5/10
positive This is an intriguing opening indeed, a surprisingly dark bergamot with rose and - on my skin - an early opopanax burst - denoting shadowy freshness with incense. The floral drydown with iris, jasmine and a whiff of a gently smoky leather.  
In the second half the very guerlainesque vanilla grown stronger, full but elegant and never overbearing. 

This is fairly unique composition, beautifully balanced, well blended and firmly structured.  Classic, especially older version,whose drydown have a gentle powderiness added and are richer and darker.  Yet the newer versions - they are no full reformulations to me - are less powdery and lighter, but still delightful. 

I get strong sillage, excellent projection and eight hours of longevity. 

A grand classic and well worth it, even the recent versions: 4.25/5.
positive I quite like this. However if I have to speak my mind free from the pressure of knowing that it is sort of a perfume legend and all, I would rate this as one of the old perfumes. It's nice but could be better, or, it smells somewhat dated to my nose and I wouldn't want to wear this too often. My aunt used to wear this, this alone, -who owned only this.-25 years ago also didn't help me too much shake the perception of Shalima being OLD. 

If I am over 55, I wouldn't want to use it since I am sure this scent will add more age. I think anybody who is still  young can try this one without feeling too self-conscious. She will stand out smelling gorgeous and above all, special. 
It is just my personal opinion, but I believe that scents can make the wearer seem aged/dated since the famous and old perfumes have popular smell of the era which everybody can associate with those period.It seems especially true those era are closely put together. Whenever I smell of Estee Lauder Beautiful, the wearer is almost always over 35. Really powdery one like Chanel No.5 or Soapy one like White linen is frequently worn by 50+ yo ladies. Anybody sticking to wearing Thierry Mugler's Angel can be seen 30+. The more broadly popular the scents were, the worse the effect, I reckon since mass of people recognize them. but, less known scents that were created a century ago, still can smell very fresh due to rarity.
positive I began wearing Shalimar after spending a lot of time around one of my friends who wore it every day.   I thought she was so feminine and classy, and that's the way it makes me feel.   I believe it is the vanilla and opoponax that got me addicted to it.  I'm so glad that my husband also LOVES this perfume.  To me, it is as classic as Chanel No. 5, which I'm actually not that fond of.  
positive I'm going to assume the notes on this site are quite incomplete because I don't see anise, black pepper, or cinnamon listed and all three have a presence in this fragrance.  The top is bergamot with pepper and anise, a bit too spicy for my taste but very well-blended leading straight into the heart of it which is slightly flowery, slightly powdery, slightly spicy and slightly creamy.  This middle lasts quite a while and there's a hint of incense, smokiness, and leather throughout but as with any well-blended Guerlain you'll only catch some of these facets some of the time throughout the day.  This is so well-done that I can't get enough of that scent despite the fact that I find it too spicy for me.  The incense gets a bit stronger as the middle drags slowly along but it never really dominates on me.  Coming to the end phase of the fragrance, many hours later, a touch of dryness or leatheriness remains but there's a lot of creaminess and a touch of spiciness acting as dominant notes.  It almost smells like warm milk with a bit of cinnamon and just a touch of vanilla.  I would eat something that smells like this.  The Guerlinade is most certainly there too.  Overall I love the smell of it and though a man could get away with wearing it in extreme moderation I don't think i'll be wearing it often just because of how uncomfortable I am smelling anise or pepper all day.  It's no wonder this great fragrance is a classic of perfumery!
positive Old formulation: My mother had a sample in the late 80s/early 90s, and I remember loving it, the opulent spicy fragrance which I associated to winter and warm coats.

New formulation: I recently tested it at a department store. It does smell quite differently, still with the same inspiration, but the new version is a worthy fragrance in its own way. If I could, I would own both formulations.

The new formulation started with a combination that reminded me of the older Shalimar, spicy, warm, almost oily (in a good way), only not as round. Maybe a bit more angular and less oily. 

As it dries, it becomes very different from the older one. The woods and sandal came to the front and in my opinion created a sour phase which previously did not exist. I quite appreciate this phase. Then amber and incense too, it becomes a little less sour and rounder, but still quite different from the older Shalimar, woodier, airier and not as oily. After a while the sour disappears and it is woods, amber, incense and a few spices in a rounded, warm, more "behaved" version of the older one.

Still a dense perfume, but different. As I said, I actually like both.
positive I own the EDC from Walmart.  When i first sprayed it on, i smell a plastic shower curtain smell.  This changed over time to a strong powdery orange creamcicle smell mixed with vanilla and maybe some sweaty keys out of someones sweaty pocket?!  
   Gotta try it again later.

K, tried it again and now.....I really like it...no plastic shower curtain or sweaty pocket scent at all.  Strange how ones nose picks up different things each time.  One thing i did differently this time was shake the bottle a little before applying....don't know if that mattered or not?  This time i pick up more citrusy smells....which i adore by the way, but is that bergamot in the mix making it smell kind of like an orangy lemon?  Oh, and vanilla, which i like, but i really, really would like to be able to pick out the leather note...which right now i am having allot of trouble doing...i would wear something with mainly just that note if i could just smell it.  So far, love it tho...powdery lemony orange vanilla...thats what i pick out. 
positive Genre: Oriental

I don’t have much to add to the discussion where this classic is concerned. All I care to do is draw attention to the brilliant treatment of opopanax. Much has been said regarding the unique quality of Guerlain’s vanilla, displayed most prominently in Shalimar and Jicky, but for me the enigmatic, spicy-sweet, resinous quality of opopanax is equally responsible for Shalimar’s allure. The interplay of vanilla and opopanax established in Shalimar’s base notes still resonates in compositions as recent as Diptyque’s Eau Lente and Nicolaï’s Maharadjah, but I have yet to experience an interpretation that trumps the original’s exquisite balance. I wonder if it’s even possible to fully comprehend the oriental fragrance genre without becoming familiar with Guerlain’s enduring paragon.


negative Good God, what have they done to this once beautiful perfume?  This concoction is an abomination of its former self.  I had an older bottle for years that I would always return to, received a new one for a present that is so different it is nearly unrecognisable.  The cloyingly sickly sweet smell of vanilla off the new formulation is downright offensive, I actually had to wash it off and I have never had to do that before with perfume.  What was once one of my favourite scents is now dead and buried.  Don't bother buying this, just get a couple of vanilla pods and rub them around your neck, job done. 
negative I ordered a bottle of this over the internet, and thought it must have been a knock-off because it smelled so terrible on me. I gave it away, but have since tried it again at a department store to make sure it wasn't just a bad bottle, and it wasn't. There is something in the opening that reacts badly with my skin. After about 30 minutes it calms down, but still doesn't smell great. I had a bottle of Shalimar back in the early 80s and did not have a problem, so I am thinking it is something they have added to the newer formulations. The newer version is truly terrible on me and I cannot pick out anything on the pyramid that normally reacts that way with my skin. My friend asked me please not to stand too close...
negative Shalimar EdP opens with a astringent citrus accord of bergamot and lemon and then moves into a lovely vanilla scent.

When the incense arrives and melds with the vanilla the scent does become quite alluring.

Though as it evolves you begin to smell leather and civet which also mix's in with the incense in a unpleasant way. At this stage it starts to smell acrid like mothballs or bug spray.

The scent is complex and has many facets of development with floral notes adding to the above notes. 

I like some elements of the fragrance like the vanilla and incense. But what kills my interest is the dated mothball/bugspray like accord coming from the civet and incense.
negative Shalimar is unequivocally the most cloyingly sweet, baroque perfume on the market today. Some old fragrances become classic standards that are timeless. Others survive by being "a name" in popular culture. The overwhelmingly sickening sweet synthetic vanilla and talcum powder of Shalimar that projects and punches EVERYBODY within 20 feet of the wearer (literally) is actually indecent and offensive. Goes beyond a statement. Beyond boldness. Beyond good taste. I can't think of another fragrance that is so overpowering that I'd have to tell someone I can't stand to be near them. Long after escaping the vicinity of a  Shalimar cloud, it's all you can smell. Your battered olfactory senses causing a headache and thoughts of "does this meal smell like Shalimar?" or "have they cleaned this restroom with Shalimar?" and so on. The domineering pervasiveness is actually rude then.

neutral I am really in two or even multiple minds on this one.  Had a test spray on a strip last summer, liked it enough to spray some on me. Lovely, and not like anything else in my wardrobe. I read all the blurb, info and reviews,  and added it to my birthday wish list.  Hmm. Be careful what you wish for. Like a summer romance that fades once back in the real world, I wonder if I'd mixed up the scents I tried that August afternoon in Brighton. Or maybe the air is different in the South West. 
This smells gorgeous on the dry down, but the couple of hours to get there? A heavy traffic journey in an overheated car with a fractious under- 4 screaming "are we there yet?" Way too intense.
I have to be really careful not to apply more than 2 sprays, or I get burning eyes, instant head ache and can barely breathe. Aldehydes? But my skin always absorbs fragrance very fast, so I have to apply at least 4 sprays to get it to last over two hours.  Ok; so a smart exit from the bathroom away from the fog of choking scent, and the first strikingly good and weird stuff starts happening within 10 minutes. A huge burst of cut lemons right next to a smoking wood fire, without any blending of the two. They are absolutely distinct in a way I've not experienced in any other scent. So good, yet so scary. This perfume is taking no prisoners. Something dirty-sexy bleeds through  about half an hour later, it's very animalic at this point, bordering on the unpleasant, and I hate it.  This feels far too strong to be on me at all, and definitely not out in public, but by then, I'm leaving the house, so too late to back out. 
However,....I can't stop sniffing my arms. After an hour the lemons and smoke and dirt have come together to make a truce, and an uneasy peace is agreed. Some days the ceasefire holds and I love wearing this,it's earthy, smoked-lemony and gorgeous. Some days though there are  nasty skirmishes and the smell remains over-strong, unblended, raw and industrial. 
Some fragrances can only be worn when I am in the right mood for them,(such as Cliquat de Lancome or Ivoire de Balmain), and that always works. The problem I have with Shalimar, is that I can't guess whether its going to be a day of war or peace- the scent reaction to  my skin seems to be completely out of my control. Mood doesn't affect her. Overall a bit of a loose cannon. When she was good, she was very, very good; and when she was bad, she was horrid.    
neutral I had the chance to test Shalimar EDP (current version), Shalimar parfum de toilette, Shalimar Souffle de Parfum and buy a 70s vintage version Shalimar, the first version of Ode à la Vanille, sur la Route de Madagascar and sur la Route du Mexique. 

The current Shalimar EDP was a bit disappointing. A lot of bergamot with some cardamom and then a powdery rose (almost itchy). Then it settles down finally but doesn't give a good sillage. What's funny is that it smells different if you smell it one cm away from another spot. 

Shalimar from the 70s is so much better. Both softer and spicier, with an amber, cashmere feel. You get the bergamot and the rose, but nothing is too strong. 

Parfum de toilette (mine is from 93) is even softer but powerful with more powdery vanilla. Less “itchy” bergamot and rose. 


Souffle de parfum shouldn't be compared. This is not Shalimar, don't expect Shalimar. There are some common notes, especially if you wear vintage Shalimar on the other wrist. But it's very good on its own! A wonderful floral with some spices and a gourmand dry-down. I'm happy I randomly got a sample of this and I hope I'll get a full bottle. Sillage could be better, though.

The original Ode à la Vanille opens in a very bitter way. It's balsamic. Then it goes towards a powdery bergamot. The acid vanilla comes later. It's a bit sweeter than the vintage Shalimar but quite similar in the dry down. It also has more fruit. 

Sur la Route de Madagascar shares a lot of notes as well, but it's more floral than fruity. It's more animalistic. Dirtier in a very sexy way. It has more vanilla than the others as well. 

Sur la Route du Mexique opens with more pepper. It's something between rhum and gin, with spices. It might have a more itchy, synthetic feel for me.

Note that the three bottles are exactly the same. You've got to keep the boxes to differentiate them. 

The opening of all those Shalimar, except for souffle de parfum, is the biggest difference. The more they dry, the most similar they get. 

neutral Beautifully put together, it opens with caramel and musk. Flowery notes come in after. This fragrance is /strong/. But it's a little bit of an acquired taste, and not for me. It's all at once too sweet for me, while also not leathery enough. 
neutral I'm told that what I'm smelling here is a recent EdP. 

Shalimar is usually instantly recognizable; a cavalcade of notes that somehow manage to synchronize perfectly. But versions of this scent tend to vary quite a bit, and in this particular one there’s a medicinal, metallic effect that cuts through the standard citrus to meet with a powdery vanilla, producing what I'd describe as redolent of effervescent candy. It reminds me a little bit of sherbet lemons—the same candied sweetness that walks a fine line between sour and sugary, only here the sour notes are rendered in a more industrial, disinfectant style.

What’s strange about this version, though, is that it doesn’t bear much of a connection to the Shalimar that I’m more familiar with—that civet-y, marzipan-style scent that’s top loaded with crisp citrus notes. This version is gaunt by comparison, and seems to veer more towards clinical sterility than confection. I don’t dislike it (I actually don’t like Shalimar very much, so this might even be a step-up for me), but I’m not entirely clear what its aiming for or how this version wandered so far away from the original fragrance.
positive Ah, the ur-Oriental. Sitting down to write a review of Shalimar kind of feels like looking up at the top of Mount Everest and wondering how the hell even to begin the ascent. It seems to cover (in one single bottle) a lot of the themes and notes people go looking for in separate perfumes - you want vanilla, it's the textbook example, you want smoke and incense, well you got that too, you want amber, it is the mother of all modern ambers, you want animalics and leather, ditto. If you also happen to be the type of person who is interested in freaky notes, like baby diaper, burning tires, tar, and slightly rancid butter, then, why yes, Shalimar also has you covered.

It's not an easy perfume to love right off the bat. Don't get me wrong, Shalimar is easy to love, but the actual falling in love bit is not immediate. It took me ten days of wearing it before I could even tolerate it, let alone love it, but I got there and in end, it clicked for me, and that was it. Pure love. The everlasting kind. Whenever I see someone saying, oh I just don't get Shalimar, or oh Shalimar hates my skin, you know what I am thinking? You're just not trying hard enough. Put your back into it. If you can't commit a week or ten days out of your life to understanding Shalimar, then not only are you cheating yourself out of experiencing one of the best perfumes ever made, you are also missing the opportunity to "get" most orientals that came after Shalimar. 

For, once you unlock Shalimar, you start to see that Serge Lutens' Ambre Sultan is just a snapshot of a portion of Shalimar (principally the amber and herbes de provence) blown up 150% and turned sideways. Etro's Shaal Nur is an abbreviated essay on the incense and opoponax in Shalimar. Mono di Orio's excellent Vanille is a modern take on the woodsy vanilla of Shalimar. You can spot echoes of Shalimar in Chypre Palatin (vanilla and animalics), Fate Woman (bergamot and powder) and Bulgari Black (vanilla, rubber, smoke). Whether perfumers are aware of it or not, most of today's grand orientals refer at least in part back to the ur-Mother Oriental herself.

Forgive my wittering on. For all of that, Shalimar smells absolutely wonderful, grand, lush, smoky, sexy, comforting, and warm. The opening, as I've mentioned, is jarring to the nth degree, especially if you're not used to it. I don't know whether it's the particularly stinky grade of Bergamot that Guerlain use, or the way it clashes with the vanilla, but the top notes smell curdled and rancid, like when you pour lemonade into cream. The vanilla itself smells tarry and burned, like rubber tires piled high and set on fire. Somehow, somewhere underneath all of that, there appears a slightly horrifying note of soiled diapers, or at least baby powder that has been caked into the creases of a baby's bottom. It smells sort of unclean, and is pungent enough to singe your nose hairs off. 

Here's the odd thing - after you get used to Shalimar, you start to actively crave the weird opening. When you begin to go "Mmmmmmm" rather than holding your breath, this is a sign that you've crossed the line. Welcome! It's like a Shibboleth for hard-core fans of Shalimar -  we're all over here at the other side of the line, and everyone else is pressing their noses to the glass, shaking their heads and saying, "I think you have Stockholm Syndrome" 

After the "horrific" first half hour (for which you may want to refrain from sniffing your wrists if you are smelling it for the first time), it is an easy ride from there on in. Sweet, smoky vanilla poured on top of a long, golden, powdery amber, with accents of leather, smoking resins, and animalic musks. It has this neat trick of smelling comforting/familiar and yet ultra-sexual at the same time. It lasts all day and, in my humble opinion, is just fantastic in whatever concentration and vintage you wear. Yes, the vintage parfum is the deepest and smokiest, but we can't always be wearing that (for reasons of finances as well as time and place), so it's good to know that Shalimar is still recognizably the same Shalimar in the weakest EDC as it is in the parfum - thinner, yes, but still, you wouldn't mistake her for anybody else. For me, it is true love, and a top five perfume forever. It is like my second skin.  
positive Rich, somptuous, baroque chypre masterpiece. There's pretty everything in it, a comprehensive symphony or perfumery basics. Splendid talcum-powdered drydown, gentle as a lady asleep. Not much to chat about this!

10/10
positive Love the history.....love Guerlain....don't love or even like Shalimar.  Instead of smelling sultry and seductive, I smell like an old ashtray.  The smoky notes just overwhelm on me.  
positive As many others have already said, shalimar is a classic, perhaps the most classic of them all, and equaly a work od a genius perfumer. For me is smells more msculine than feminine, what is no surprise after Prada pour Homme Intense, Eau Sauvage Parfum, Burberry Brti for Men, Tom ford noir and many scents in the same oriental veil. Shalimar seems a blueprint for so many scents we all know and that's why I cannot perceive Shalimar as dated, old fashion and even less, praise God, old lady-grandma-ish. No need to go through the notes, it has been done very well indeed by some Basenoters. I just think everybody really keen on fragrances should try Shalimar. It is beautiful, it is an art form, it is perfection. I feel very fortunate to own an EDP bottle of this relic and yet so present, uptodate scent that is Guerlain Shalimar.
positive Shalimar is a scent I'd been avoiding. Somehow, it had 'old lady' tones in my mind.  However, I've been progressing in my journey, I've discarded the idea that a scent fits with a particular age group.  Yes, some scents are classic and have been worn for many years by people and so you may know an older woman whose been wearing Shalimar for 5 decades, however, that doesn't define the character of the scent.

In the case of Shalimar, it's been around for so long because it is that good.  I've been wearing the current EDT with great pleasure.  It's a scent that envelopes me like a fur coat, in fact, a bit like fur that remains on the leather which has been sueded and worn soft.  This scent is warm, familiar and full of smooth vanilla laden leather.    I recently acquired a bottle of the vintage EdC and find that it is creamier still.  It's got the typical feel of Guerlain, a powdery feel, but I don't feel like that is as strong as in some of the Guerlains, it is more creamy than powdery to my nose.

This is a wonderful scent for most any occasion, though I suspect it will perform less well in a hot and humid climate.  It is a powerful scent to my nose, not something that the wall-flower would want and I believe a man could easily wear it as well.
positive Typical example of a fragrance that you need to let grow on you before you can fully appreciate it! Fist time I tried this... a very strong, very dirty, almost bitter vanillic leather aroma hit me and I found it quite pungent and almost overbearing. But after a few days, and other applications... I really had to agree with everyone here in that this is quite an elegantly made, beautifully blended, sophisticated fragrance, and I can see why many call this a masterpiece. There is not much more to add to what others have said, but I would say to first time users please give it a few tries on your skin and leave it the time it needs to fully appreciate it. Trust me, if you do this you will be rewarded, but be patient and you will see why so many people call this a masterpiece.
positive Superbto be honest, I buy Shalimar only for the gorgeous bottle at first. I dont sniff it, just get this pretty flacon. how bad Guerlain could be?real badass. the opening is not my favourite part (at fact, the least. its rather offensive), but the rest, especially the dry down is something to die for. the vanilla and incense is really prominent (but the seller said, "its woody spicy". never trust a seller women. especially when they already tried to sell a BOSS Bottled) usually I detest vetiver, but on this one its controlled beautifully, ended with strong Vanilla that just perfect. it have strong projection and stays for really long time. the bad side is, like most Guerlain is on the banal opening. if you survived the first minutes, a very beautiful scent awaits you Pros: projection, longevityCons: opening"
positive It really has grown on methe other sitting in a meting I was distracted by a whiff of the most delicious perfume, I surreptitiously sniffed the people within distance and none of them had warm woody tones with a hint of spice. As my head dropped to my chest to retrieve my pad I realized to my surprise that it was me. I would never have guessed applying Shalimar in the morning inhaling the burst of powdery vanilla and rather sweet fruit that what would remain through the day would be be a lovely spicy base with a hint of rose. I love the combination of sandalwood patchouli and jasmine and rose, though some notes are fainter than others. I wear it because of what it becomes and for how long it lasts, if I could change it I would add more strong green patchouli and maybe a hint more of rose.Pros: it gets better as the day wears onCons: first whiff is deadly sweet"
positive Great in bottle, less so on skinMy bottle of vintage Shalimar arrived today and when I removed the stopper, an absolutely heavenly and complex aroma of florals and woods and citrus filled my nose.  Yet when I put it on, I smelled ... well, like an old lady.  Just because I AM one doesn't mean I have to smell like it!  I'll try it again, but so far I'm not sure I'll be wearing this grande dame, happy though I am to own her.Pros: LuxuriousCons: A familiar scent to many"
positive Shalimar eau de parfum reformulationAfter finding out that my idol Lady Miss Kier of Deee-Lite wore Guerlain's Shalimar I immediatly bought a bottle I was just 14 back then in 1993.it was a gorgeous warm powdery kind of a heavy perfume I loved the vanilla and the exotique feel of it, it became my signature perfume for quite some time. Now 20 years later I bought a bottle of eau de parfum and i still like it but i do smell that it is not what it used to be I've been reading up on some reviews here on Basenotes and at Bois de jasmin's blog finding out it was reformulated i still like it but thers something missing.the reformulation seems to be milder and doesnt stay with me aslong as the 1990's Shalimar I once knew did.I love Guerlain for its history and perfume know how and tradition its my  favorite house but i feel robbed.It is still gorgeous and really really beautifull but this is not the old Shalimar I knew
positive Pour Homme	Shalimar is a perfume associated mostly with women from an older generation, so as a young man, 20 years of age, I perhaps can offer a more unique perspective of one of the jewels of the House of Guerlain. 	Let's quickly look at the key notes found in Shalimar:	Top: Mandarin orange, Cedar, Bergamot, Lemon	Heart: Iris, Patchouli, Jasmine, Vetiver, Rose	Base: Leather (?), Sandalwood, Opoponax, Musk, Civet or Civetone (?), Vanilla, Tonka bean 	First off, you might be sick of hearing this, but, like all Guerlain perfumes, Shalimar is a deeply personal thing. This is because Shalimar is definitely not your typical woody/oriental perfume. A quick glance at the notes makes this more obvious. Cedar, typically a heart or base note, is used as a top note, and this gives a distinctive woodiness right off the bat.  Vetiver and patchouli, which are now typically used as base notes. These help to cut the citrusy scents of the top notes and brings a bit of balance and, more importantly, complexity into the perfume. In the base notes, civet or civetone (the synthetic alternative to the natural ingredient, now banned for ethical reasons) brings a strong animalistic scent to the perfume. 	Next, my initial introduction to Shalimar was when my grandmother used it. To me, it was the epitome of sensuality and luxury. It has amazing projection and longevity, and merely a few drops of the perfume would last the rest of the day. 	Finally, I am using Shalimar because it works well on me. For reasons unknown to me, when Shalimar touches my skin, the top notes go off quite quickly, only lingering as time passes. In contrast, the musky and powdery base notes project very well, with the dominate notes being vanilla and tonka bean. This leaves a powdery and, almost, creme brulee-ish scent on me.Pros: Excellent projection and longevity, legendary scents, top grade ingredientsCons: Varies greatly with personal tastes and body chemistries"
positive A warm temple of mysterious love in a bottle...As a perfume hobbyist, some iconic scents of ladies department also come into my collection. And as expected, Shalimar ranked as top priority on my purchase list.So, as I recalled the first time I sprayed Shalimar, my immediate reaction was: wow, it's indeed warm and sensual. The aroma was so complex so should you want to give a try--you should try this one with caution.Yes, not every chick can wear this, even for some first-timers this would definitely too much too handle. A possible headache or confusion (due to trying to identify the notes LOL) may result.The longevity is truly outstanding, tested on my wrist and it lasted 8 hours and more. After a warm spicy mixture of scents decorated the earlier stage, a slight jasmine followed shortly but not too powerful. As it dried down vanilla note appeared and lasted, clear and sweet.Mysterious, as I remembered this one. Just like its name, Shalimar best translated as a warm temple of mysterious love. So, undisputedly this one suitable and enjoyable only for a more mature women not for teens.Even though I still have no idea if my wife (Estee Lauder Pleasures Exotic, Kenzo Flower, Hermes Un Jardin Sur Le Nil) or my mom (YSL Rive Gauche for women, Thierry Mugler Angel) would love to wear this or not. My overall scoring was 8/10.Pros: Warm & heartfelted scent, great longevityCons: Complex aroma on immediate spray not suitable for younger users, standard bottle & packaging
positive Love this perfume	Shalimar is my go to perfume for every occasion.  It's classic.
positive Try with caution: not everyone can wear this, on some it will make me feel queezy and give me an instant headache!

I just bought a bottle of the cologne being a bit shy to try a stronger concentration and I am absolutely loving this!  The lasting power of the cologne is truly impressive it wears on way beyond what I imagined, a good 8 hours.  In the dry down I love the burnt creamy vanilla that appears, smells like heaven.  Love this but may not wear to work!  Sexy, vampy and mysterious is the name of the game here not cookie cutter scent of the week.
positive Hmmm... Shalimar. Ladies smell so nice when they wear it. This is a scent that can bring about many memories. I can recall being a young teenager and being completely intoxicated by a friend's mom's perfume. This stuff MADE her a "hot mom". I remember the bottle...

I bought some for my girlfriend. She's in the roller derby, and I was looking for something that would go well with her sport. We've gone through many sweet, fruity, herbal, and sporty scents... tried a few Etat Libre d'Orange, and a couple of samples of various Tom Ford. I settled on trying out the Shalimar because of its longevity (not while wearing... I mean in the sense that it's been around since the 20s), its attractiveness, and the way it can match up with a sport like roller derby: It's dark, dangerous, sexy, and packs a punch, but can keep its wits about about it in social situations.

Shalimar comes in with the lemony top note, but does not last long. This dries down into something smoky and subtle, seductive. To me, it gets my mind racing on things like sex, making out, etc. The woman who wears this should wear in confidence that your man will notice.

I don't know what the formula was like in the 20s, but I would love to find out. Buy yourself an extrait or at least the EDP. Any other "strength" and you'll not get the full idea of what this scent is supposed to be.
I would even wear this myself if I paired it up with something Versace Baby Blue Jeans or put the smack down on it with Amouage Ciel Man.
This one's a sultry winner, ladies.

(update) I have been wearing this myself lately. I am really enjoying it. The extrait is the way to go... 
Guys, this smells good and I would recommend trying it. I know it's for ladies, but this can and WILL be quite masculine when worn by a guy... period. It smells nice, and you will get compliments... it seems that this is more unisex than anything else....
positive First try of Shalimar...

...there it sat on my skin. The flagship of Guerlain. The first spritz is very lemony of course, but you also get a sniff of cedar which reminds a bit of church pews and old fur coats. I knew at the first whisp this was a great Old World Perfume. A legend. History. 
The hesperidics are quite elusive and the scent changes remarkably into smoky vanilla. I don't get that much flowers. The smokiness makes me think of a Walpurgis Night bonfire. Shalimar has an aura of wisdom, of a significant other. It's one of the few perfumes that really make my mind wander. True dramatic beauty. 
Who knows what the vintage version was like, but even the reformulation is aweinspiring. Luca Turin said, Shalimar makes 80% of todays fragrances appear trivial.
Of course I now own a bottle. And what a timeless beauty that bottle is, don't you think? When did blue and yellow ever look that good together?

I'd dare say: Greatest perfume of all times! Too special for me to wear it every day, but good to know I have it!
positive I give this 5 Stars b/c I appreciate it.  It is one of the best loved fragrances of all time.  Having said that, I don't usually like women's Orientals.  This one is softened by the vanilla,Tonka and a light use of Bergamot.  The heart notes are all floral, soft florals. This has a gourmand tone to it. 
positive Just opened my bottle of Shalimar Pure Parfum and applied a few dabs...omg it is so sensual and beautiful and warm; heady and intoxicating---so luxurious. Wow!

Love it!


positive This was my second ever "grown up" perfume that my boyfriend bought for me
in 1973 and nearly 40years down the line I think I have grown into it.
I felt very sophisticated wearing it in my 20's but felt it was maybe too old for me
because of it's heaviness. However I have always loved the sensual smell and  always will, so do the men around me...as I have had many compliments on my 
perfume whilst wearing this,mainly from the older man !! 
positive What can one say about Shalimar that hasn't been said one million times?

Go buy yourself a bottle of the extrait.

Apply to your wrist.

Sit back, inhale deeply, and be transported to another universe.

And for the record, the extrait formulation is eminently suitable for use as a masculine - there is nothing even remotely girly about the dark-colored juice in the gorgeous crystal bottle, gentlemen.  
positive I recently purchased two vintage bottles of this and listed one on Etsy.  Today, I opened the second bottle and OH MY GOSH!  It is so very beautiful.  I quickly decided that could never be without this beautiful scent and took down the Etsy listing.  Who knows if I shall ever find the vintage EDT again?  I am totally in love.  
positive goes down heavy but results irritating to my neck skin, great scent anyway!
positive Chanel No. 5 ? 

Fugedaboutit. That powdery senior scent is as out of place these days as Guerlains Vetiver. 

This is what I imagined a timeless classic would smell like. Dark, vanilla, hints of oriental and side of civet for some carnal verve. Drydown is a creamy vanilla. 


positive I absolutely love it. It's the classic par excellence, way better than Chanel 5, a must have for anyone who loves perfumes.

And yet -- and this is a big YET -- it changes dramatically from bottle to skin. This can be for better or worse. On my mother and on some of my friends it smells great, and becomes the perfect fragrance for an elegant night out; on my skin, unfortunately, it gets flat, old, tired.

I am more sorry about this than I can say.

Still, every now and then, I spray it on my pillows and go to sleep thinking about some wonderful place in a faraway land.
positive The most perfect fume! I wore nothing else in my twenties before I was really able to understand, then I discarded it totally in favour of citrus scents in my early thirties, only to come back to it now, to rediscover it perfectly and completely. So much so that I now have edt (for bedtime), edp and vintage edp and parfum concentrations, im a Shalimar maniac! It's hypnotising and all encompassing - I have a lot of perfumes, and yet now I've rediscovered SHalimar I'm having a hard time wearing anything else. It feels like I'm cheating! I love Shalimar and I can believe I neglected her for so long. It's an incredible fragrance, from the Bergamot sharp opening to the nest like Opoponax tonka vanilla drydown. Genius.xxx

negative I've tried to enjoy Shalimar for its smell.  And its history.  And its importance.  And its benchmark status.  But no.  I'm afraid I think Shalimar smells gross.  That's not to say it isn't important and possibly a great perfume.  But I still think it smells gross.

Lately, I've been sampling the EDT, which is heavy on the baby powder and talc, fuzzy with lavender and a weird plasticky musk that smells like a diaper, as well as a realistic musk that smells like baby poo.  And there's vanilla, too.

I prefer the EDT because it focuses on the powdery aspects, letting the poopy diaper fade into a powdery spiced vanilla, which is the smell for most of the day.  

I've also tried the extrait, which highlights the poopy diaper musks and is just terrifying.

Oh well, I've given Shalimar MANY chances, and I get why people love it, but I just don't want to walk around smelling like a poopy diaper sprinkled with vanilla and cinnamon in a cloud of baby powder.  Maybe I'm losing snob points, but I'm fine with that...
negative Oh Dear Lord, Smells like FLY Spray :(after reading the background to this Fragrance and that of the good reviews I decided to try some of this on to check to see if was all that of the hype some people give this Fragrance. I was looking to give it to my Daughter for Christmas if it was good. I had imagined myself telling my daughter about the story behind the fragrance etc too but when I sprayed this on my arm, oh dear lord.. I nearly fainted... they didn't have any of the EDP so I used the EDT... my MRS didn't like it either, she thought it was horrible... it smelt like fly spray.. non the less, it was now on me so I watched if throughout the afternoon and into the evening.. it powdered down a lot better after an hour but still with that faint smell of fly spray in with the powder... it lasted very well, 8 hrs +... but hell, would you want it on you for that long? very disappointed :(Pros: dries down nicer than original burstCons: Smells like Fly Spray"
negative Disgusting and intrusive. 
negative I'm definitely in the minority here but I don't like this fragrance.  When Shalimar is mentioned I hear perfect, classic, wonderful.  When I try it all I get is vanilla, plastic, and dead cat.  What am I doing wrong, folks?  

neutral On good days, this smells like vanilla-flavored smoke and leather. On bad days, it smells like bug spray. 

That said, I'll always have a bottle with me, because there's a disturbing beauty to it, and as an oriental, it smells so completely different from any of the edible, dessert-like fragrances being classed in the same category today. (Not that I don't enjoy those.)

I can't say why but to me, Shalimar smells like it contains a tarry leather note. There's a deliberate "dirtiness" to it that makes it more raunchy than romantic, and I definitely need to be in the right mood to enjoy it.
positive There's nothing special when I tried Shalimar for the first time. It was the new version (EDP) that I tried at the local shop. From all the praise that I read here... I only got a burst of citrus note and sweet vanilla. A big disappointment for me...


I'm still curious for this "historical" SHALIMAR, so I tried to find the vintage one to erase my curiosity forever. I bought 1 bottle of Shalimar (PDT/75ml) at the flea market. I tried it at home, 2 sprays on my left arm and miracle happens...


I cannot explain the excitement I feel when I smell this beauty. It's like you've just drink a 100 years old wine when previously you only drink a grape juice.
positive If you looked in a dictionary under P for perfume there should be a big picture of Shalimar.  While some would argue that Chanel No 5 deserves that spot, to me Shalimar IS perfume, the highest expression of the perfumer's art. 

 Some people think of this as an "old lady scent" but don't forget, those old ladies were young once and it smelled as good on them then as it does now.  It works on a grandmother and on a nubile young 18 year old and at every age in between.  The story, the legacy, the packaging and advertising are all magnificent (that bottle!  The original is perfect) but what about the scent?  Well, it is gourmand without being too foodie, seductive yet still ladylike, rich and oriental but fresh at the same time.  I LOVE smelling this on a woman! The bergamot is perfectly done and paves the way for the iris and opoponax which is supported by the most beautiful vanilla ever--as only Guerlain can do.  This defines the Guerlainade note for me.   There is a smoky animalic note in there but it never forgets its manners, even if pushes the limits a bit.  

Please, women of the world, wear this more often!  In extrait if possible but all delivery systems for Shalimar are great--cologne, E de T, lotion, powder, etc.

I can well see why Guerlain paid homage to this when they gave us Habit Rouge and thank goodness they did, but for me, Shalimar is the mothership and a great perfume whose light  I hope never fades.      
positive SHALIMAR – Guerlain – 1925	[classic oriental]

This is the classic oriental, one of my favorites (Yves St. Laurent’s OPIUM and Boucheron’s JAIPUR HOMME are my top favorite orientals).  This is a warm, vanilla rich oriental, the very first of its type, and still the very best. Both men and women swoon when you wear it.

Top Notes: Bergamot, Lemon, Hesperides
Middle Notes: Jasmine, Iris, Rose, Patchouli, Vetiver
Base Notes: Vanilla, Frankincense, Opopanox, Sandalwood, Musk, Civet, Ambergis, Coumarin

positive Now I know why Shalimar is all over this site. What a wonderful fragrance! I seem to have an older version, the bottle is different than pictured, but it is lovely. Not too powdery for me, soft and sensual, a real classic. Still not better than Knowing on me, but I'll definitely keep it in stock.
positive This is my first review of a truly great perfume.  I don't think I've been qualified to write anything about a perfume as complex and perfectly composed as Shalimar.

I recently experienced for the first time the 1967+ vintage Shalimar extrait/parfum, in the  black and white zigzag box, with the purple flocked inner box adorned with the fabled gold Marly horse design inside the lid.  Its ferocious beauty has emboldened me to try to do it justice.  I compare it to the blue-boxed current parfum.  That is the only other formulation I know well.  Here goes ...

It opens with a beautifully radiant bergamot note.  That soon recedes into a chorus that is dark, smoky, sweet and animalic.  It's complexly organic, not just animalic in the "check-the-box", "yeah, it's in there" synthetic aromachemical sense.  It builds to a sharp, nose-singing kerosene bite.  It literally burns a bit when sniffed close to the skin.

It is intense, and utterly captivating. It goes in through the nose, passes through the brain, down the spine, and grabs you by the core.  Nothing else I've smelled has such a visceral effect.  People say that vintage Shalimar makes them feel weak in the knees, or feel faint.  You think this must be hyperbole.  It's not.  If any perfume has the power to incapacitate, it is this vintage of Shalimar in its opening movement.  The current version has much the same character, but is much less intense - not in potency or projection - in depth, darkness, and complexity.    The opening is the best part.

After that, the heart is still gorgeous, but it loses that raw gut-wrenching power.  It is much more floral -  rounder and sexier that the current parfum.  More feminine, most would say.  I don't care, though. It's too good for that to matter.  I think I smell jasmine, rose, and iris - I'm not sure, as I'm not great at separating out notes.  I'm sure there's much more than those three anyway.  It's very natural and complex to my nose. I would guess that these were still all natural florals in this vintage.  I don't know if the current parfum still has any, but there's a big difference, I think.  Resorting to an analogy, I'll say that the vintage is like an oil painting, where the current is like a pixelated digital image.  The current is very angular and sort of represents the idea of the floral elements, where the vintage feels ... real!  The heart is where the vintage and current differ the most in character.

The drydown is all smoky vanilla and sweet resins, overlaid with the fading light of the heart.  By the time the florals are gone, it is very similar to the current version.  That makes sense, as I don't think any of the base components are restricted, scarce, or particularly expensive.  It's deliciously edible by this point.  One of the nicest drydowns in all of perfumedom.

This is the best perfume I've ever known.

If I'm going to rate it, I'll say that on a scale of 1 to 10, this one goes to 11.  I have to do something to stand it apart from all of the other 10s.

11/10
positive One of the major fragrances that smells completely different on my skin as opposed to paper is Shalimar. 

On paper I get the big blast. A fistful of powdery sensuality anchored with high pitched lemon, dense beany vanilla and bergamot. I'm immediately transported. The after effects are a pleasant dry vanilla with that herbal lavender colored velour that all Guerlains seem to contain. It whispers oriental rather than sings it. 

However, on my skin I get a different world inhabited mostly by powdered vanilla. I can't get the citrus. The fade is very fast. An hour after application I have nothing but a barely noticeable hint of sweet baby powder. Why is that? No clue. Whatever it is, it's something in me. The paper sample smells rich roughly 3 hours after application. 

I will say that even with my poor chemistry, I still love Shalimar. Never mind that I likely can't wear it. It's so calm and frothy. I love its dainty chantilly creme' in contrast to the fatty pate' of other orientals. It's no wonder this was Rita Hayworths favorite perfume. It's feminine and sensitive, but at the same time bold, plump, vampish. 

The batch I smelled was the latest in the newly redesigned black ribbon bottle. I recall a few years ago smelling the classic tassled bottle and noting a distinct bitterness that turned me off. Maybe a louder bergamot in the old batch? 
positive I adore Shalimar! I think my favourite versions are from the '80's and '90's and I seek them out on eBay as they seem deeper, more complex and longer-lasting too. I always go back to Shalimar and I know I always will. 
positive Indisputably beautiful. Shalimar doesn't merely sit upon your skin and project its essence like most parfums; it melts into you, combining with you, and projects your essence. Hypnotic and wonderful. Breathtaking every single time.
positive I saw the reviews, and I decided to get a bottle from the local shop.  Yes, I am a man, and I wear Shalimar...and I like it.  It reminds me of 4711 meets Number Six meets Florida Water.  Good and citrusy, sweet, and just plain nice.  Not getting anything flowery from my wrist, sorry.  But nice, sweet, and relaxing.
positive On first whiff I smelt liquorice and incense which must have been the bergamot! It then fades into a powdery sweet vanilla. The iris in it is lovely. It's very sexy and feminine, definitely not a day perfume. 
positive Skin but better. The scent my son used to spray on his pillow when I was on nights to make him feel safe. Again  Basenotes reminds me to add an old favourite to my wardrobe
positive The first whiff on my skin made me think Old Library Books, not really enticing or sexy, but curious enough.
After thirty minutes, the top notes wore off, which were not fresh, but the opposite of fresh, the fragrance remaining was pleasantly strange, unusual and really authentic, like it was part of me.  The heart and base notes were mingling and lasting for several hours, four or five, and they were fascinating and mysterious, not so bright. Comfortable shadowy scent.  Something a bit rare and excellent here.  
positive I got a sample of this from Escentual, and have given myself a hefty dose. I'm not a fan of bergamot, something I've only discovered since joining Basenotes, and luckily, that note disappeared fairly quickly, although it was not as unpleasant as some I've encountered. I would love to have smelled the original formulation way back in the mists of time, however I'm content enough with the current blend, and not suffering any of that angst, so many Basenoters feel about the reformulations of fragrances. (I do however have a particular angry feeling about Lanvin's Arpege i got in the 80's and the reformulated article somewhere around 2006)

I'm breathing in a powdery aroma, and having read some of the reviews, people seem to associate powdery with old ladies, whereas i associate it with babies and youth. It doesn't seem at all "old People home" to me, and its uplifting for me,  in the powdery stage. The sillage of this one, seems to carry the powdery notes, and i expect people will smell that around me, until i shove my neck rudely in their faces, and demand they comment on this new scent I'm trying.

But where i love it most, is the nose-to-skin smell where i get an animalistic emanation, and the iris and opopanax are readily apparent, someone also mentioned an incense-y kind of aura, and I'm feeling that as well. Now, also the vanilla is waving hello to me, shyly, coyly popping its sweet little head up and saying "Hey, I'm here too!!"

 I never tried it before because the name puts me off, i don't like it at all, however, contempt prior to investigation has deprived me of something i may well choose to be my signature fragrance. I am actually going up to my mother's house to "appropriate" one of her 2 bottles of this. 

It's lovely, and i shalll be resting my nose somewhere down my cleavage, with eyes closed, breathing in this classic fragrance whilst watching Tv tonight. Thanks Guerlain
positive Just incredible. I'm wearing it right now.

The Shalimar ad says it so well in the tag line,  "As close to forever as a perfume can go." 

The classic amber, complete with a colorful lineage.

Everyone should do themselves a favor and  at least sample it.
positive   I'm beginning to learn that many perfumes come out smelling somewhat different on me depending on where I spray them (seriously.) When I apply this fragrance to my wrist, at first all I get is the really strong animal musk/civet smell, which I find almost a bit too much to deal with. When I apply it farther up my arm it's all lovely, soft powdery notes which are really nice and pleasant. Now that the fragrance is drying down a bit on my wrist though, I'm finding that it's turning mostly into vanilla and soft, sweet powdery notes too. I'm not sure if what I'm trying is the original or a reformulation. I suspect it's probably a modern reformulation because the sample didn't cost very much, and it smells too much like a vanilla fragrance to be the original (I think.) 
  The fragrance just changed on me again, and now I'm getting a strong impression of incense. 
  Shalimar is a really nice, unique fragrance and I definitely like it and would recommend it highly, but I doubt I would wear it very often. It's a scent that definitely comes across as a sexy evening fragrance to me. I think it might be a bit much for everyday wear. Definitely a great classic perfume though!
positive After all tese magnificent reviews, I was wondering if i should write something. Well...here...about perfume of all time. Most perfume created by real nose, remains as perfume for all times. I thik that, perfumery industry turned to FMCG as well by intoducing serials of new parfumes with new molecules and formulas and no real concept or idea, but the tought of earning. Perfumes were always art, so I am wondering why they were turned to this? Perfumes are sensed by the eldest part of the brain: rhinencephalon and only truly freeminded  and sensitive people can develop good composition.
I am sorry for this huge intoduction, but I wanted to express my opinion on the difference of the "old" perfumists who was creating their perfumes with heart and soul, and new trendy FMCG perfumes.
My flirt with this perfume dates back to 1995. I tried it again, but unfortunately during the summer, when some strange notes developed on my skin. Fortunately, I had a decant with me and tried it again. What to say...perfection made back in 1925.
It opens with lovely citrus notes wich represent the intoduction  to the most beautiful powder I ever sensed. Everything is perfectly done with right measure: sweetnes, citruses, woody and balsamic notes.
It would be nice if manufacturers does not forget that perfumes are like painting,  like music, that someone have to give to them their soul...othewise they would fall into oblivion.
Shalimar has heart and soul, which provided it with eternety in the perfumery world.
positive Love at second sniff - the first was, "Yargh! Old lady!", but wait....try it again....heaven. Smoky, vanillic, a spicy concoction that wafts about the wearer's being like a haunting mist that shifts and blends with the body's chemistry to create something altogether personal. Genius blending and, to me, pure alchemy. Beautiful.
positive Every word alfarom used to describe this is spot on. I am realllly trying to love it, but I get the same animalic note that I get in fragrances using the word civet. Now, I am a total newbie to fragrances of this magnitude and started my niche collection about two days ago, but it seems that all I am getting is that civet smell. My wrist literally is emitting wet animal derriere.  Because I understand that these things take time and this is only my first wrist spritz, I am gonna at least wait to finish the generous sample given to me by my local sephora, but I hope and pray that it morphs into something more pleasurable because like I said I really want this one to work...it's a LEGEND!!! So, I am giving it a thumbs up in honor of it's legacy, and because all of those other thumbs up's cannot be wrong ( whether it works for me or not ). I will just have to wait and see and post an update.
positive We can easily say that the house of Guerlain is french perfumery personified and, possibly, Shalimar is among its most successful and legendary creations. If you  smell it for the first time you immediatley notice its outstanding quality and complexity. Wether you'll like it or not this is, by any means, an outstanding fragrance and one of those perfumes you encounter every once in a 100 years.

An huge amber/vanilla driven composition that is particularly remarkable for its kaleidoscopic aspects. Animalic and smoky, oriental and penetrating, delightfully sweet, mysterious, intriguing....simply immense.

If you happen to wonder if "objectivity" is appliable to perfumes you should try Shalimar as it's one of the most successfull examples of how a good fragrance can go beyond genres and even personal taste.
positive We all have our classics that are nothing like we remember from back in the day.  ('I used to wear [insert classic] until they RUINED it!)  I tend to get more wistful than angry over this (Odalisque.)  But just as I've sat to write about Shalimar I've found another reaction, which is to notice and then not particularly to care.  I'm on a plane right now and passing through duty-free earlier spotted Chanel Antaeus, my first fragrance, my only signature fragrance, the one I wore exclusively in my junior and senior years of high school (81-82) and then intermittently for years.  My first thought on sniffing it was 'this is quite literally nothing like what I used to wear.'  My next thought was, 'Oh, look!  They've got  No 19 EDP!' and I went and spritzed.  

The upside of digital perfume communities is the sharing of experiences.  I have learned so much reading Basenotes reviews and threads---had more laughs, more ah ha! moments than I can count.  The downside, though, is that a perfume hobby seems to engender a nostalgia/anger about how things used to be.  There's that sense that contemporary perfumery has taken something intrinsic away from us.  Our response is often a fetish for distinction and provenance, and of course the ensuing butt-sniffing and pack hierarchy.  You know: 'I'm sure you THINK you love your current Mitsouko EDT, but you'll never truly know her until you've smelled my 1967 extrait.'  I'm as guilty as the next person.  

But Shalimar unexpectedly elicits in me an attitude I've tried to foster.  Things do change.  But I just love perfume and find immense joy in it.  Call me common, call me simple, but I currently wear the most recent Shalimar EDT and love it.  It just makes me tail-waggingly happy to smell it.  Citrus, growl, smoke, scratchy amber & vanilla, opopanax, a sly incense.  I'm sure it's not the parfum from 1925, but then again I'm not a 20s flapper.  How wonderful that that era had its Shalimar.  But they didn't have our Bois de Violette, my Insense, my Secretions Magnifiques.  This is no pollyanna desperate optimism, no deflection of resentment.  We live in a spectacular era of perfume.  

My 2010 Shalimar tells me to screw the iconography and embrace the perfume.  It also makes me imagine the fun of watching the apoplexy of the current generation of young perfumistas going as shrill as we have over the resctrictions on our beloved oakmoss.  Imagine the heel-clacking and outrage among the Angel set when ethylmaltol, identified as the causative agent in the future medical diagnosis of Acquired Intolerance Syndrome, is outlawed.  
positive Shalimar has taken me on a very strange journey which I hated at first because its scent was so alien to me that I did not know what to make of it. It reminded me of an antique powder puff left behind by some silver screen diva.

I persisted  with the ODP because, despite my initial reaction, I had also detected something totally irresistible and unique, which set it  aside from every other perfume I have worn.

Shalimar was created at a time where scents where elitist, assertive and owned by few; it is so removed from the 21st century that wearing is like immersing your self in to a time between the wars where everything seemed possible.

Like all masterpieces, you will not get it straight away and you will have persevere and open your mind to it. But once you do Shalimar becomes a magnificent addiction.
positive It is not difficult to see why Shalimar has stood the test of time.

Shalimar is still unique after all these years. Such a beautifully done fragrance, composed with careful consideration and oozing sophistication and elegance.

This fragrance is a warm, smokey and slightly spicy vanilla scent, with all the right qualities to make this sensual fragrance irresistible. 

The opening is a wonderfully obscure citrus blend complimented by cedar. This combination surprisingly works. The top notes are strong but not overly so.

The heart of this fragrance is where the magic begins. On my skin I get a warm, somewhat leathery and spicy blend of floral notes. At first this scent reminded me of calamine lotion. Thank goodness that I like that medicinal type smell. Later I got something that smelt like a mixture of cigar smoke, powdery incense and fragrant woods.

I love that Shalimar continues to change and surprise me. I love that this fragrance is so unpredictable. Guerlain has certainly outdone themselves with this masterpiece.


positive Pillar of classicism and one of the most refined, luxuriant, elusive and sophisticated fragrances of all time. Smooth, at opening luxuriously hesperidic, barely tobacco veined and talky this is the fragrance that inspired the creation of the earthy decadent Habit Rouge, yet the "Shalimar au masculin". The extreme sophistication of the juice is enhanced by its floral heart "populated" by the most sumptuous flowers as jasmine, rose and iris in order to enrich the balsams of the base after a first citrusy voluptuous traditional blast. Rose and iris are prominent and the first of two is linked to talky elements in order to provide a touch of ethereal delicacy while the further floral patterns are more pungent and angular in order to "complicate" the shadowy wake on the side of a detectable note of classic patchouli . The citrus are almost aggressive at the beginning as well as those are strong in Habit Rouge and the link with the bunch of flowers and patchouli produces an extremely elegant, classic, aristocratic and bold impact. The opoponax presence in the middle helps to understate soon the initial harsh impact of citrus in order to prepare a gradual transition towards the resinous final smootness. Some time later the angular citrus and floral elements start infact to drown in a sink of resins and balsams as vanilla, Perù balsams and gray amber that remain all dry and powdery being just at the beginning of the development barely resinous. A touch of flavoured mildness is introduced by tonka in the way that the base exudes nuances of aromatic tobacco. The dry down is anyway warm, enveloping and luxurious with its talky "smokey" mildness, ambery sandalwood and a sort of leathery suede. Shalimar is still nowadays a great choice for the lovers of sumptuous effluviums managing to teleport them in a world of mystic exoticism, sultanates, harems and esotericism.
positive What can I add to the accolades strewn like wreaths of the finest blossoms at the feet of Shalimar?  My two cents, of course!
If Chanel No. 5 is the Queen of Perfumes, then Shalimar is the empress.  No. 5 is a masterpiece of modern aldehydes.  Shalimar is a masterpiece of nature's flowers.  Funny that they appeared at almost the same time, because they couldn't be more polar of opposites.  Shalimar captures the very essence not only of flowers, but of perfumerie itself.  If a perfume is meant as more than a means to end (smelling better)--that is, as a fantasy...a catalyst for dreams--then Shalimar takes the crown. I know it's an oriental; perhaps the first.  However, to me, Shalimar is the quintessence of floral. The only flower I see listed in the pyramid is iris, but surely there are more in this garden.  The experience of Shalimar is the experience of a child smelling a flower for the first time.  Overwhelmed and entranced for life.  The Shalimar I'm talking about here is the original perfume.  I get the feeling today's Shalimar is not what it once was...
How I remember my mother going out for a formal occasion, in a ball gown(!), suffused with Shalimar her special perfume from that magic bottle ( the one with the violet stopper), coming in to kiss us goodnight.  Talk about magical!
positive Absolutely sensational, classic fragrance and without any shadow of a doubt, one of the most complex creations in all perfumery. Evolves dramatically on the skin morphing from one contrasting colour to another in bewildering, virtuoso style.

negative One of the ugliest, most pervasive scents known to man, next to cat pee.

The staying power is, of course, excellent.
negative I dont quite like it. I blind-bought it because it was oh-so praised here on basenotes. That was a mistake. It  smells pretty much like joss sticks and reminds me of red-light-establishements (thou ive never been in one :). As KatiePuckrikSmells stated in her YouTube-Review the smell was considered "a perfume with a bad reputation" and that "there are three things a "Lady" never did [..], wear shalimar", this is pretty much spot on. Its not western-classy but oriental-brothelesque.. thumbs down.

neutral i have the reformulated version from 2011....and must say its a big dissapointment...
 but on the original parfume i can say its the best idea behind any female parfume, combination of citrusy-bergamot and vanilla-amber, incense notes....all the best i like, so feminine and powdery and so special, creme brulle :), and not so many parfumes that play with simmilar notes
thats what i want and thats what its worth having, but not when they put reformulations and think people who buy shalimar wont notice it? ...becasue if it smelled like this before i am sure it would not be such a popular scent, this 2011 version  resembles too much to dior homme, its more of a hay and less of smoky creme brulle. but ok will survive it :)

EDIT:i could not survive it so i sold it and managed to buy EDT vintage, it smells like real icon now! its not so sharp, offensive, citrus layed over hay, but its cremme brulle, i finally get the vanilla!! which i could not findin new EDP,  its like hearing a song from the mouth of a man and a robot, this is the difference for me between vintage and modern perfume, they want to speak the same words but cant reach my heart, amazing experience for me to see how these things do matter!! and reformulations are bad thing!
neutral First try with this, strong oriental vibe, loved the bergamot but it faded quickly. Liked the scent overall. I totally missed the iris, but my husband thought it smelled like "baby powder". Interesting spicy tone in a nice soft vanilla base. 

I will try this one again, but kind of disappointed so far.

***Update 10/15/11***
Maybe my first trial was a stale sample, this time is much nicer! Now I pick up the iris notes as well, that's part of the powder I think. Husband likes it better this time, too.

***Update 09/25/16***
Not in love. At all. The first hour or two is interesting, then it dissolves into sugary-powder. It seriously smells like candy on my skin. Lasts all day, too. I think I'll be swapping this one...

neutral Shalimar has always confused me.  Two women I knew in the 1970's wore it, and it smelled quite different on each, so I never could find it's identity.  Last year i purchased a brand new bottle and sprayed it on.  The top notes were lovely, but the drydown was pure coumarin or some coumarin substitute.  Sadly, coumarin becomes quite bitter and uncomfortable on my skin but lasts forever.  I tried it a few more times with the same results.  Shalimar was moved to the back of the cabinet.
Two months ago I found a mystery bottle of Guerlain for sale.  It had no label but was the familiar round bottle with the crystal stopper and was quite affordable.  I snatched it up and dabbed it on.  The top notes had gone off but what followed was heavenly.  I guessed that it might have been Shalimar, but with no label it was merely guessing. Whatever it was, it was so different from the current Shalimar.
Today I received another bottle (round bottle w/ crystal stopper) off the internet, this one with a label.  Definitely Shalimar.  I dabbed both bottles on my wrists, and they are identical and wonderful.  Full, rich and delicious.  Totally Guerlain.
So.  How do I rate this perfume that smells so amazing in it's vintage incarnation and so painful in it's current state?  I'm afraid it will have to be neutral for now.
positive This is a nice scent, but I do think I could only pull it off on special occasions. It starts with a burst of green leaves, reminiscent to Elephant by Zoologist. Both are a bit too sharp for my tastes. However, within 15min it sweetens and the floral notes develop, they are rich and ripe. Not quite indolic but teetering on the edge. Then after about an hour that edge wears off and is replaced by creamy coconut. Not as beachy as something like Soleil Blanc but still a little sun-creamy. I love how the fragrance develops like an expedition: starting in the deep thickets of jungle, following a flower-lined riverbed, all the way to the beach. 

It's unisex but leans a bit feminine. So I think I could only make it work in either formal occasions or on vacation. So for that reason (and the price) I don't think I'd ever get a bottle. I also really like beachy fragrances so I wouldn't mind something more coconutty all the way through. Really cool to try though, worth a sample for sure.
positive Beautiful flowers like tuberose, jasmine, ylang-ylang and orange blossom. The tuberose is the Queen of this fragrance. The sweetness of coconut and a citric/musky background. Pure love from me, lasts a long time and is a complement getter.    
positive Beautiful but Enormously Overpriced Take on the Legendary Fracas.

Notes: Tuberose, Eucalyptus, Coconut, Jasmine, Orange Blossom, Melon, Ylang-Ylang, White Musk, Bergamot.

I was gifted a sample of Carnal Flower recently, and I liked it so much that I purchased a full bottle from a very reputable retailer. I do not know how old was the sample gifted me, but I now suspect that it must have been a few years old because the perfume in the full bottle does not seem to be as rich and complex as is the sample, and to my surprise given its price point, its performance is moderate at best. With an amazing six spritzes, projection and sillage were only mild to good for the first hour, and then it very quickly turned into a skin scent. Longevity was also mild to good at roughly four hours. After having read so many reviews that claimed only 1-2 spritzes provided massive projection and sillage for an entire day and half the night or more, I am very disappointed in Carnal Flower's performance. 

Carnal Flower is a very beautiful perfume, but having worn Fracas many times, I did not find Carnal Flower to be at all unique or even very different from Fracas, and given its mediocre performance, I could not recommend it over Fracas. Perhaps Carnal Flower's lack lustre performance is due to reformulation? Perhaps the fragrance in the original formulation only required 1-2 spritzes to last all day and half the night as some reviewers have stated, but this is not true of the fragrance in my brand new bottle. After 3-4 hours, Carnal Flower is only barely perceptible on my skin, and it smells so similar to Fracas that I find it redundant to have it my collection. 

If you love and own Fracas, you can probably live without Carnal Flower. It is undoubtedly a beautiful tuberose-centric fragrance, but I do not feel it is worth its price point even if you do not already own Fracas. You can buy roughly three 100ml bottles of Fracas for what it costs to purchase one 50ml bottle of Carnal Flower. In my opinion, Carnal Flower is simply not worth the inflated price. Fracas is just as gorgeous and performs equally as well if not better. 

I am sorry to say it, but I find Carnal Flower to be little more than a Fracas clone. Madonna's Truth or Dare is also a take on Fracas, but Truth or Dare is dissimilar enough to Fracas to be quite distinguishable in its own right, and it costs significantly less than Fracas which costs significantly less than Carnal Flower, so for those on a strict budget, I suggest purchasing Truth or Dare. If you can afford Fracas, forget Truth or Dare and purchase Fracas instead as it is of a higher quality and is a more beautiful fragrance. Either way, Truth or Dare or Fracas, there is no need to pay almost $300 for a 50ml bottle of Carnal Flower unless you want it for the brand name prestige. 

Fragrance: 8.75/10

Projection: 6/10 (first hour only)

Sillage: 6/10 (first hour only)

Longevity: 5/10

Presentation: 5/10
positive An austere green tuberose, polished and exquisite, brainy and rather brusque. I don't find it carnal or sensual but for me that is leather...
positive A beautifully stunning fragrance. One of the finest perfumes I have ever tried. Great longevity and projection. At first I thought it was too feminine and then I realized that with something this good gender should never come into it. I have chosen to own a decant rather than a full bottle as I only want to keep this for special occasions. Not an everyday fragrance for me! 




positive Much has been said about the realism and freshness of this fragrance, and I don't have much to add on that score - except to say that Carnal Flower's freshness is not about soap or naivete, but rather the just-cut essence of stalk and bloom. It really is like walking into a florist's refrigerated room, or strolling through a garden alive with white flowers.
There is a lovely green note that prevents Carnal Flower from sliding into sweet sentimentality - it retains its character right through the drydown. Along with Fracas (Piguet) and Tubereuse Criminelle (Lutens), Carnal Flower is among my top three current favorite tuberose perfumes (for vintage, nothing comes close to L'Heure Bleue).
positive Gorgeous, arguably the best of the Malle line.

Tuberose perfumes are notoriously temperamental, often unpleasantly screeching for attention.  But Carnal Flower gets everything just perfect.  At its heart, it's tuberose, but deftly combined with gorgeous orange blossom, rich creamy ylang, and jasmine.  There's a light, powdery sparkle as well, but the real magic is the way it combines the tuberose's indoles with leafy greens and woods.  The end result is shamelessly floral, but with enough piquant woody undertones to achieve an achingly beautiful balance.

Absolutely required sniffing.
positive I love this. It smells wonderful. Contrary to what a few say, this is definitely "unisex". In fact, I think it smells best on a man! A masculine male wearing this scent is very attractive, even sexy. It's the contrast, you see. I can think of a couple French actors I’d love to smell this on. The fragrance will last on your shirts for days, and you’ll keep going back to your closet to smell your collar, just because :-)
positive Brightened up with a touch of bergamot, from the word "go" the star in the performance greets me: a beautiful tuberose, bright but intensive, rich but elegant, floral but not too sweet.  This beauty hardly displays any waxiness.  One of the most convincing tuberoses I have come across for a while. 

The drydown gains added depth and a slightly creamy character with the addition of nice ylang-ylang undertone, soon a white floral mix gains prominence, with a jasmine that at times is bearing gently woodsy characteristics.  It is, however, a lovely orange blossom that moves into foreground, but always combined with the starring tuberose, which remains prominent from beginning to the end, like an idée fixe in a work by Berlioz.  

This remains the core blend in the base, with some perfunctory white musks adding - not very much noteworthy.   

I get moderate sillage, very good projection and nine hours of longevity on my skin.  

A delicious evening spring scent on account of supreme and brilliant tuberose and the very nice orange blossom - the rest is mere accompaniment only.  3.75/5.  
positive Very floral with announced jasmine. If you like honey tones, this might be it!
positive lauded as The tuberose scent here, I decided to try carnal flower after I fell hard for another tuberose delight: Tom Ford's orchid soleil.

Turns out my tuberose tolerance lies just before this fragrance. It's absolutely beautiful, but somehow a bit too much for me. I now understand why people find tuberose headache inducing: it's a particularly strong note.

Smelling the vial (I do that, don't judge), it smelled absolutely heavenly, and it had a tinge of something green through the wonderful white flowers. On my skin, however, the tuberose developed in all its glory, with that kind of a plasticy/rubbery feel to it that some people describe as typical for this flower. 

Like others have stated before me, this perfume is big as a house. Luckily, when I applied it I stopped after the first spritz, otherwise it would surely have overwhelmed me. The scent projects and lingers full throttle for at least 5 hours, and whenever I moved my left hand I got this big waft of it. Weirdly enough, I like this scent better when I smell it up close than when I smell it as a cloud that envelopes me.

In all, I think for now this perfume may have a tendency to wear me, instead of me wearing it, so I'll save the rest of my tester for those special occasions when I want to feel like a total diva. Only Marilyn Monroe could wear this scent in a professional setting. For an everyday tuberose I'll stick to my orchid soleil.


positive i really like it when things smell almost rotten.ripe.white flowers.i cant get enough .that little bit of musk is just enough to butch it up.
intoxicating!
positive Touch of nice green notes in the opening, and peeks of melon towards the top, but overall a white floral fragrance. It's a mixture of ylang, orange blossom and tuberose. It doesn't have the oily tuberose present in Nuit de Tuberose. The orange blossom is full, but not particularly indolic; it's not the fresh orange blossom in Houbigant's fragrance. The ylang is present in a custard-y type of way. It's a beautiful blend, but I prefer fragrances that particularly focus on those individual scents versus presenting them together. 
positive For me, this is an earthy floral scent, and though the effect has been seductive (judging from male comments ;D), to me, it just feels like "me." This is my everyday scent, and I put it on the same way I put on mascara and lipgloss instead of full face of makeup. Just an enhancement. It's light and delicious, enhancing, but still natural. On the other hand, it's unusual and striking without being overbearing... I'd like to think that describes me as well. :)

CF definitely has a commanding presence, but on me, it's like that person who you notice from across the room just because there's something intense, different, and alluring about them, even though they're not saying a word. Commanding, yes, but not loud or ostentatious. CF has great warmth, but it doesn't start off that way. The bergamot cuts through the indole, but 15-30 minutes in, that "carnal" note tries to surface, but never quite makes it above the melony coconut, and even those two notes are light. The floral is present throughout and even though that indole is struggling to show out, its presence definitely puts this in the intoxicating category without straying into the icky, dirty underpinnings zone that has put me off to pure animalic florals.

My favourite thing about this fragrance is that I've never smelled anything like it and it's *so* pretty and lush. Not quite green, but definitely at home in a rainforest. It's tropical but not cliche and does just fine in the PNW summer. I just wish it lasted longer on my dry skin. That said, I did shell out $$$ for this, and will again. It's the first perfume that I'd ever had that, "oh my gosh, YES" reaction to. Would that I could afford to stock up, as it's the one bottle that I've managed to empty the fastest...

Wherever I go, people ask, "oh my god, what smells so good?!" I've gotten used to telling people, "it's me!" Haha!
positive I truly adore this scent. I only wish it would stick around on me longer than a few hours. 

I was surprised that a scent with such a dramatic name would smell so...gentle. I'm not disappointed, though! I had hesitated making this purchase - I only bought the 10 ml bottle. I was concerned it would be overwhelming - but it really is a lovely natural tuberose. 

I'm planning to experiment with spraying this on a piece of clothing. Perhaps it will last longer? 

Overall, a wonderful composition, with a bit less longevity than I 
would prefer. 

Update: I decided to dive in and purchase a full bottle of this heady scent. I searched until I found a bottle of an older formulation, and I hope this solves my longevity issues. If not, I suppose I can always swap...

2nd Update - I wore this today, and got 6 hours of good wear before I showered. I'm considering this a keeper! I'm wondering if weather has anything to do with the longevity...anyway, love it, keeping it!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

3rd Update - This is one of my very favorites - on my second bottle - this time it's a 100 ml. 
positive Rich creamy tuberose on a sandal coconutie base. Smells summer and beach :)
positive My sample of Carnal Flower sat in my sample box, unloved and untested, for a whole year. I kind of fear tuberose, you see. It brings back unwelcome associations for me between the sleek, buttery smell of tuberose blooms in vases and rich ladies who lunch in hotels.

I used to work in one such hotel – Kelly’s Hotel in Rosslare Strand (Irish people will know it).  Don’t get me wrong – the hotel was, and still is, a great place and the owners are wonderful. But never was I so aware of my lowly socio-economic status as when I stepped through the revolving doors into the tuberose-scented air of that hotel.

Over time, the smell of tuberose became linked in my mind with rich people, carpets so deep your heels sink into them, and the indefinable smell of wealth in the air. My prejudice is wholly my own, of course – it only means that I have an inferiority complex. But I am careful about tuberose because I am only human and don’t want to deliberately trigger those feelings.

I needn’t have worried about Carnal Flower. It’s less of the ‘wealthy hotel air’ smell of hothouse tuberoses and more botanical, earthy, natural in feel – like walking through a swampy field of tuberose stalks. It is a smell rooted in nature and not in something man-made. 

The opening notes are luridly green and camphoraceous, and every time I get a mental image of the waxy leaves of a privet hedge and the stalks of the tuberose being crushed and offered to me to smell. The freshness is a surprise, every time, and it moves me. Slightly bitter, sappy, and evergreen, I wish it could last forever; it’s that intoxicating to my senses.

Eventually, the opening dies back and a creamy tuberose is revealed. To my relief, it is not the butter-and-candy disco flower of my worst nightmares (hello Fracas!), but a cool and restrained take on the infamous bloom. It is creamy, yes, but not overblown.  

Hints of coconut and white musk round out the floral element. Although I like the opening more, I also quite like this last phase, especially in the heat, because the tuberose and coconut give off a natural, salty beach feel. 

Despite the marketing and the name, I don’t find Carnal Flower to be sexy in the slightest. In my opinion, it is simply a tuberose presented in the most botanical, natural way possible. I think Carnal Flower does a brilliant job of showcasing the headiness of the flower as it appears in nature, and not in a hothouse environment, and for that alone, I will always love it. Will I need a whole bottle of it? Nah. But a vial of it to smell every now and then would be nice.
positive Salutation.
Like a heavenly aphrodisiac.this scent is bound to turn heads.the very essence of white flowers especially tuberose and jasmine,it is unisex but i found it the the most feminine of scents,so i can't imagine a man wear it.CARNAL FLOWER is a sensual woman who loves to take control of the opposite sex with one scent.It is simply wonderful and the scent lasts all day. Enticingly Magnetic, Highly Sophisticated,Emotively Carnal and Absolutely Gorgeous.

It begins as a very hedy floral with tuberose note prominent, jasmine and ylang ylang are beautifully blended.a sensual blend of coconut and white musk in the base leaves a trail of allure and glamour.this mixture provide a unique and definite "signature" perfume and meant for a confident woman who knows her own mind.I must recommend this scent to ladies who love LONG LASTING floral scents that are sensual and intense,without being too prominently clingy to or getting beneath your skin.it makes you feel very elegant in special occasions.

Sillage?Ok.

Longevity?Great on my skin.

7.75/10

positive I'm not a fan of floral fragrances but this one is definitely the best that I've tested by far.
When you spray this on your skin and start smelling it for the first time It's like walking through a mysterious gate in a desert middle of nowhere that teleports you right into a meadow in high heaven while you're surrounded with angels and billions of tuberose all over the place!
The opening is a very beautiful and extremely natural aroma of tuberose while you can smell the green feeling of grasses and also the earth beneath your foot and extremely fresh air of this meadow.

You just start walking and while you're walking you start breaking the tuberose stems and at the same time you can smell the green bitterness aura of their stems.
In the mid scent gets slightly sweet but I can also feel a bitter green aroma beside it that increases the natural feeling of the scent and as time passes it gets stronger and stronger.

In the base I'm still getting the same airy fresh tuberose smell but more bitter and more green also slightly spicy and kind of peppery.
The interesting part is while I'm smelling it, I can taste the green bitterness of it also inside my mouth which is a new and very strange experience!
An extremely natural and peaceful scent.
Projection is strong and longevity is 12 hours plus without any problem.
positive Genre: Floral

An absolutely gorgeous fragrance. This is sumptuous, seductive, and yet somehow chaste, with the slightly bitter tuberose perfectly balanced by the sweet ylang-ylang, orange blossom and white musk. All of this floral richness is cut with a subtle, but still sharp eucalyptus and some fresh green notes. Coconut is a very difficult note for me, but this is the most elegantly handled coconut I've come across. It's beautifully integrated with the softest, smoothest sandalwood you can imagine. Altogether, this is a soothing and contemplative scent that could easily send me into a state of reverie.

Carnal Flower is focused and somewhat linear until its creamy, musky, sandalwood drydown. I find it quite potent, with considerable sillage and projection. I originally purchased this scent for my wife, but she liked it much better on me than on herself! It took time to screw up the courage, but I now wear Carnal Flower comfortably in public. The austere aspects of the scent and its green accents make it more unisex than you'd imagine a tuberose scent could be.


negative I spect a beautiful summer acent , but I smell this before ,,,, in a Bath and Body counter 

I thing the 10 ml gonna last forever 
negative Memories: rubbish and great aunties.

Who should wear this: The Witch of the Waste from Miyazaki's Howl's Moving Castle. I can't believe Mila Kunis wears this.

Bottom line: This was selected as my signature scent by the team at Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle. They made a mistake.


negative I pretty much couldn't agree more with Yellowtone's review, even down to the fact that it seems to smell better if you stick your nose to it than when it arrives in wisps.  
The scent was the definition of cloying and sickeningly sweet on my skin.  I think "Poison" left a similar impression.  It does conjure up an image of something nefarious, either poisonous or rotten.  
Projection is great, as is longevity, but not a scent for me.  
negative not unisex at all, very feminine to say the least, radiant tuberose opening which very shortly cut into white flowers, modest sillage and... absolutely overpriced and overhyped!
negative I tried this with high hopes, but was really disappointed. 

The scent lingering on the bottle hinted at a tantalising dream, as did the described notes.

What I got on my skin however, was a really strong, rubbery white floral, with no relief provided by the coconut, bergamot or orange blossom. This scent made me think of death and embalming fluid, and whilst not vile enough to warrant scrubbing away, I found it thoroughly unpleasant. This is unusual for me, as it's usually scents that make me feel sick or give me a headache that I categorise as unpleasant.

This lasted on my skin for some time, and projected well, but really wasn't for me.
negative Hello! I'll just jump right into this perfume then... I feel very much like I don't belong here. If you ask me what, or where "here" is, I won't have any answer for you.  Where is my world? I feel so lonely, so eager to go home! But where is my home? I feel lonelier than before... I'm not sure how to explain this, but I feel like this perfume is out there somewhere that I haven't yet reached. I feel like I might be an alien, but I'm not sure that is even possible to reach this fragrance. Oh, oh!  I'm an alien, I'm a human alien, I’m a perfumer in Milan… I have lived a carnal life, I have eaten a carnal bread, I always listen carnal music, and I sleep dreaming carnal dreams with carnal instinct… I have a problem, I can’t reach this perfume! I know I’m a carnal alien, this a carnal trouble, and this perfume is a carnal marketing! So, why? Where? What? 
...

Vulcan Council President: “You have surpassed the expectations of your instructors. Your final perfume is flawless, with one exception: I see that you have applied to Starfleet as well.”

Spock: “It was logical to cultivate multiple options. Aren’t they carnal ones?”

Vulcan Council President: “Logical, but unnecessary. You are hereby accepted to the Vulcan Science Academy. It is truly remarkable, Spock, that you have achieved so much despite your disadvantage.” 

All rise. Even Spock is carnal! 
CARNAL FLOWER for very disadvantaged flowers!
This reviewer may have conflicts of interest

neutral Potent, heady jasmine opening. Immediately calms down into flowery aldehyde (tuberose? green?). Neroli/orange blossom. Like actual fresh cut flowers from the greenness. Drydown pretty linear; aldehyde-like note softens a bit, more of a soft floral, but basically the same. Further drydown still fairly linear but a bit more of the green. After a couple of hours it's pretty faint but still present.
neutral Admittedly not a big fan of white florals but while I don't find it unpleasant, Carnal Flower does not really do anything for me.
neutral A nicely done perfume about heavy flowers in full bloom, a bit heavy and dense and on the verge of going 'rotten'. A light coconut note (which I dislike) goes with it and some fresh smelling flowers (narcissus?), which I do like and make it more wearable. I would recommend to sample this one first. Personally I think it is well done, but I don't want to smell like those heavy flowers in bloom, you now smell in spring for more then 10 seconds. 
neutral A big green tuberose mixed with jasmine - Turin gave it four stars and tagged it a "shimmering floral."  He gets it right for once in both areas. These two mix with neroli, yang yang, bergamot and melon.

Initially, it comes across sharp and strong, unlike most tuberose scents that emphasize soft, creamy and warm.

What I don't like about it is the dry woody base that supports it - if the wood had a resinous quality (cedar, sandal) it would better match the green floral mix, but it doesn't. Since no wood materials are mentioned, I assume this effect comes form the eucalyptus. It was a mistake in my opinion, as it ruins what might have been a masterpiece.

So, half great, half common.  Hence, the neutral review.
positive Rich, charming and as the name fittingly states, "carnal" tuberose. Nothing "stunning", but surely a beautiful, bold and self-conscious fragrance.

7/10
positive Pure unadulterated tuberose at its best!
It is strong; parfum strength,but never too sweet or cloying.It has just the right amount of greenness and campherous notes to cut through the floral sweetness.

The longer I have it, the more versatile it seems to be.
However I love to wear it most on really hot summer days when it melts into the skin or on really crisp,sunny winter days when it seems to sparkle in the sun.

A very sophisticated white floral in my opinion.
positive Never seen before such a creativity effort on a niche white flower based fragrance, huge sillage and longevity btw	As far as I'm in love with tuberose fragrances and I really don't mind purchase and wear 'em whenever I fell like it (as I did with my beloved tubereuse criminelle ) , In this case this is to me just perfectly beautiful. It takes me on a different dimension and really connects me with the very concept behind this project, that I just want to contemplate it as you would do with a Michelangelo paint.It is quite expensive indeed, but sometimes you really shouldn't mind price when it comes to this quality.Pros: Dominique Ropion and Malle are just genious when put together, tuberouse is taken so far that you won't even call it just a tuberose perfume anymoreCons: Really, I can't find any negative aspect beside that could be very overwhelming which is a pros anyway IMO. Maybe too pricy? well maybe not
positive Sensual, ripe tuberose. If you haven't tried it, you should. I find it womanly, a very fleshy scent, but there is a case to be made for the right man to pull off the fragrance. It's quite strong, and doesn't settle into the drydown until a few hours after I've been wearing it. And even after that, it lasts several hours more. 
positive tuberose is perfect flower for scents, its strong, sweet and exotic, flower sent from heaven for women only :)
this here is the only tuberose scent that i know that could potentially be worn by men too!
it has this same quality of other FM(natural ingredients), smelling very naturaly, fresh and rich! jasmine and ylang yalng and eucaliptus make the difference with other tuberose scents!

reminded me a little bit of carolina herrera


positive Stunning. 10/10.  Masterpiece. 

I've always loved tuberose.  As a man (and acknowledging that fragrance molecules don't have a gender) I didn't think I could ever pull off wearing a tuberose-centric scent because they were always too sweet and/or screamed blinding white floral (hello Fracas!). 

With its bergamot and green-tinged edge (me thinks it's the eucalyptus) to keep the florals in check, a smidgen of coconut to soften and round things out (no worries, you won't smell like a tropical drink), melon and musk, it is perfection, bottled.  Dead sexy perfection. 

Men, if you're wondering if you can pull this off, the answer is "Yes. Absolutely."  The cost is a little high but in my opinion, it's worth every penny.  And you certainly won't smell like 10 other men you run into on your way to work.  Get yourself a sample.  You will not be disappointed. 

Update: 19 November, 2012: It's official. I'm an addict. A Carnal Flower addict.  I've been wearing it nonstop for a month now, neglecting every other bottle of fragrance in my relatively extensive (50+ bottles) collection. While I wear it for myself, receiving compliments (and inquires) from strangers every day is a nice bonus.  I rarely tell people what it is because I want to keep it all to myself.  Must. Acquire. Back up. Bottle.  And a jar of the 'beurre exquise'. Absolutely lovely. 


positive Oh. Oh....  Oh................ this is so lovely it's become my comfort perfume, the one I use after being disappointed by so many others.  It is simply beautiful, so different, so pure; it must be one of the best perfumes of the last 25 years. I put it on and I smile instantly; it's like being enveloped in tuberose cotton wool. I love its tenacity; so many modern perfumes just vanish from my skin. Nothing fruity here either, thank goodness; just jasmin and the wallop of that tuberose absolute with ylang ylang and orange blossom blending so sinuously, so sensually, making this a fragrance with no rough edges at all. The coconut-creaminess reminds me of gorse flowers. I didn't get eucalyptus and melon topnotes, but then, everything about this wonderful, wonderful fragrance is smooth, with no odd notes that appear 'trying to be different' or cool. I can really believe it took 2 years to create, you can 'feel' it. I found the scent deeply euphoric; it actually changed my mood. Everything in its place, perfectly balanced. Ropion must understand women down to their cells. I adore it! 
positive Carnal Flower opens with a beautiful, almost Eau de cologne-like opening blast of natural bergamot and mild citrus that is all too brief.  At that point the real floral assault begins with tuberose playing the starring role.  When I say assault I do not mean this in a bad way, but it is potent to be sure.  The base is a nice clean light musk that does not call attention to itself, mixing with the tuberose as it eventually recedes.  Projection is average to above average, but longevity is below average on my skin.

At first, the scent smelled very familiar to me but it took me a few hours into wearing it before I realized where I have either smelled it, or something similar to it before...  It was at one of the high end hotels in Las Vegas, where the scent of the casinos and guest rooms smelled of Carnal Flower.  Please do not take this as a slight to the scent, as it actually is a compliment...  That resort pumps scents like that into its money making areas for a reason...  It smells high class and incredible!  If you feel comfortable wearing non-rose florals, then this should definitely be on your buy list, IMO, as Ropion has another winner here.  On a lady in particular, I absolutely think this shines.  As for myself, I'll certainly purchase a bottle as the scent is definitely collection-worthy, but I generally would rather smell this on a lady than wear it myself.  I'll stick to rose scents for my own florals like Ropion's Portrait of a Lady.  Both scents are winners, however and this one earns 4 stars out of 5.
positive This is one of my new favorites. This is a serious scent with which you will make a statement - regardless of whether you wish to!

FM calls it a unisex scent. I agree, but you boys out there should know a few things. When it calms down it's definitely more unisex than when you initially spray it. The tuberose et. al. positively beat you with a bat upon application. This is a heady, heady, flowery juice. You will smell like flowers, and you'll need to be comfy with that! I definitely would NOT buy this without testing it first. And probably testing it a few times, at that!

I think it's fantastic stuff. Powerful. Distinct. Pushy. Gorgeous.
positive Thick, creamy, green, natural, vegetal, and completely enveloping. And it lasts forever! 
Pricey though...
positive It is official, I simply love tuberose. Such a yummy and softly note which express such a delicate idea. 
Right after the first spray I gotta a very evident jasmine note combined with a smooth and almost velvety 
tuberose note, but here in the opening this note is more like a vegetable(?) one if I may say, different from the creamy coconut vibe present since the begnning in By Kilian Beyond Love (which I adore, by the way). 

Through time the coconut note appears decreasing a little of that vegetable aspect of the tuberose in here and giving to this fragrance the creamy aspect that I love in Beyond love altough there are some differences between these two fragrances (but just a few ones).

Anyway, a solid well crafted fragrance that deserves praise! But will I consider a bottle of it? Maybe not since for me Beyond Love does a better job.
positive This  fragrance should not be judged quickly by anyone  since it reveals itself with time! ! ,Definitely UNISEX  & Definitely the  most green  rich and well crafted fragrance I have ever smelled.
positive This one hits!
If roses can shoot, then you find some in this bottle.
fits a multilayered personality, or when you're a bit unstable it will suit different moods.
Soft enough for a sofa flirt with someone you barely know,
complex enough for a difficult night out with a bunch of odd people
straight enough for professional encounters
spicy enough to party,
hard enough to hit.

the editions FM provoke...
in this case my appetite for seduction.

positive I have a tendency to write more often about fragrances I find fault with than ones I really like.  Why?  There's just more to say.  To get off my mind.  But at the risk of ending up with all my reviews being either neutral or thumbs down and looking like a curmudgeon or a crank I'm reviewing Carnal Flower a fragrance about which I can't say enough good things and so probably won't.  What praise has not already been heaped upon this wonderful perfume after all?  I got my first taste of CF at Barneys from an attractive SA who shot some on my bare arm.  Incredible.  Enchanting.  Deep.  Dreamy.  Enveloping.  A perfume that makes you close your eyes when you breath it in.  Is there anything bad that can be said about this fragrance?  A guy at work told me he smelled suntan lotion throwing a little shade on my perfumed reverie.  When I went back to Barneys to mooch another spritz from the attractive Frederic Malle SA I told her the suntan story.  "Uh...it's a little more sophisticated than suntan lotion," she said dryly.  She did smile when she said it.  The unisex question.  I've had guys tell me only a woman could pull off wearing it.  I've also had women tell me it smells to them like a guy's scent.  Makes me wonder if it's the suntan vibe.  I just won't wear it around my mother.
positive Many reviewers and fond of fragrances talk about the seductive and almost hypnotic power of the highly sensual and feminine flower of tuberose, element that we admired in Organza as in Amarige, in Fracas as well in Tuberose Criminelle and in many others creations around. This kind of tuberose, the Carnal Flower's tuberose, effectively is by now taking the world by storm because this is not a sort of already tested creamy/poudre or milky tuberose but on the contrary a sort of quite vegetable, sultry, camphoraceous and all at once animalic kind of scent with all its carnal contribute of eroticism and exoticism. The presence of starring tuberose is high in concentration and its combination with greens, eucalyptus, neroli, ylang-ylang, coconut, fruits and may be civet is tremendously warm and encompassing your senses. The sensual and voluptuous power of this fragrance is really impressive, almost edible (carnal), quality of raw materials  notable, projection is terrific. The initial whiff is quite green, yet exotic with its mellony and slightly orangy facets,  becoming in a while hightly projecting and aromatic because of a sort of camphoraceous and slightly balsamic temperament that is airy, slightly powdery and quite aromatic. This initially airy whiff quite soon evolves towards a violently sensual chord of neroli, ylang-ylang, coconut and towards a tuberose-jasmine link too erotic to be us not captured by. The final bed, being not kind of buttery but sort vegetal/green, as based on coconut and soft musk, preserves all the natural sensuality of tuberose and the raw green materials which bloom up in all their natural and carnal-animal power. One of the most visceral floral fragrances out there.
positive So interesting this Carnal Flower...and surprising. Such a unique green opening, unexpected. This is a fragrance that goes in it's own green direction with tuberose. 
More masculine than Fracas, but just as rich. There is no candy violet accord here, but still a touch of powder. This is a one of a kind, very nice. 
positive I am not a great judge of women's fragrances for sure. But I did check this out because it seemed so intriguing. First observation. A few drops on the back of my hand has me coughing and asthmatic. Second, I cannot fathom how anyone would find this a suitable fragrance for a man. Third, there is a suntan lotion vibe here, mostly because of the coconut,undoubtedly. 

Otherwise, I find this to be an amazingly potent, sweet, luxurious, but 2 note fragrance. It could be quite beautiful applied lightly and gently wafting off the skin of a beautiful woman. Because it is so purely floral and sweet, it is subject to over application, I would bet. Not sure how sexy I really find it. I need to sneak some onto an unsuspecting woman and see what I think. It is probably too floral for the women in my life.
positive This has to be the most rich, well crafted fragrance I have ever smelled in my life. If I only had one fragrance that I could wear for the rest of my life I think I would choose this one. The silliage on this frag is unbelievable and this was just a 5ml sample!! I will be ordering this this week. A MUST HAVE in any fragrance lovers collection whether you like florals or not.
positive Love this frag! tropical vibe, a lot of tuberose essential oil under control (may tuberosey frags fall in the buttery sweet category) and with the right amount of coconut, jasmine and eucaliptus to make it unique.

Good sillage and longevity. Too pricey though :(

One of the best nonetheless!
positive If many of the smells of nature are a kind of chemical chitchat between plants and animals, with Carnal Flower we are surely eavesdropping on a magnificent chorus. The beginning and end of this fragrance are a lavish ensemble of tuberose, jasmine and orange blossom, but there is also a green airiness to the whole thing, with an accord like sugar snap peas and a powerful eucalyptus note too, that ensures Dominique Ropion an almost messianic status for people like me who have been traumatised by their mothers wielding the tyrannically inconsiderate Dior Poison. The volume of Carnal Flower is unusually restrained for a tuberose scent (indeed I find it strange that Turin and Sanchez list Carnal Flower as one of their ten Best Loud Fragrances, along with Fracas and Poison) and the quality of the materials is exceptional. This stuff smells so good that it makes moot any questions about gender or occasion appropriateness, fiscal responsibility, or the need for prose. 
positive Someone says "money don't make the difference", but sometimes they really make it and Carnal Flower is here to confirm it. This is the most evident result of how expensive raw materials can do in perfumery: really good. A luxurious, rich and straght in the face tuberose / floral compisition for people who like to show off and know how to do it with class. This is a very dangerous territory that can easly cross the border of vulgarity, but Mr. Ropion has magistrally balanced Carnal Flower to become a sublime blast of opulence. Solid and beautiful.
positive This is a powerful floral that transcends gender specification and positions itself as a fresh, floral, warm weather scent.  At times it smells as if you are walking through a field of flowers, the scent is that identifiably natural.  If spring could be bottled, this is it.  It is a fresh flower smell that includes the pungent aroma of the stem, leaves, and even a bit of fresh laid soil.  It is certainly a fragrance that can be worn by anyone, at anytime.  But, it truly opens up in warm weather.  I received a sample in the mail on Saturday and ordered a bottle on Sunday.  It is certainly a profound, head turning, floral fragrance which is tough to not appreciate.
positive Yummm... 

this is... truly something. 












negative I really wanted to like this!  I'm a fan of carnal frags, and thought the name of this was just wonderful.  But the coconut just ruins it for me.  Smells like that old Hawaiin Tropic sun tan oil.  Yeccch!

neutral I cannot deny the quality and the richness of this perfume, but while wearing it I couldn't stop thinking: I would rather be wearing Richard James EdT.
The similarities are clear, but while RJ EdT es much more versatile, it is also a lot more virile and complex, Carnal Flower is more limited, it is a lot more feminine and simple.
The vetiver/sandalwood/tobacco/patchouli drydown gives a masculine edge to RJ EdT that CF lacks
Again, it is a  stunning fragrance that I would have love if it wasn't by the fact that Richard James EdT  beats CF at the finish line
For that simple reason I cannot give a thumbs up to this scent
neutral For my personal taste Carnal flower is not green enough and very feminine, well very floral that's for sure. To me it's a very realistic recreation of the smell you get when you walk through a street with lots of tuberose bushes on the sidewalks. That somewhat creamy thick flowery smell in hot air. Carnal flower is very well blended because none of the notes stand out. It all becomes one flower with the eucalyptus giving the natural smell of leaves and stalks. I don't get any bergamot or melon per se but when you know it is in there, it does make sense.
I would have been interested in something less impressionistic.
More green herbs, more eucalyptus, more playfulness and contradictions would have lifted Carnal flower to another level.

neutral White musk with the smell of orange juice coupled with a flowery aroma is what I get on the opening. As time goes on I can detect a melon/coconut scent that seems to mix in with the white musk just fine and even calm it.

 Ohh god whats this, I can detect a jarring chemical smell sticking out of the heart of the fragrance. This must be the tuberose and it ruins the scent for me as its sharp and sour also this fragrance is just to feminine for me. Though its a nice scent it is scarred by the tuberose. 
neutral I think tuberose is not for me and will always be "women's scent" for my taste, can't really understand the unisex vibe. For the fragrance's performance, it is really an atomic bomb, has great staying power and sillage. Must try before buy.
neutral This in some way smells like what some old lady would wear..though I can't describe for you in any detail how. 
As well this to me smells quite a bit too feminine for a man (and I have quite a thing for floral fragrances etc)... Maybe it is that those frags I own and like, which are quite verging on the feminine, are more provocative in a less classical way than this one. This is pretty old school a fragrance I believe.
 And as for provocative I don't think CF is that at all.
I mean I really think it smells good, intoxicating in some way yes...but like I said.
Everyone has biases and such, when fragrances are concerned,  in so many ways, something cultural, something your mother wore  you didn't quite like and so on and so forth.... Clearly, since I doubt everyone here is 40+ year old ladies.

Don't buy the hype though. ; D Une Fleur de Cassie, and Portrait of a Lady I find the best "floral/feminine" from this house any guy could wear..well.
neutral I'm going slightly against the grain here. Admittedly, Carnal Flower is a fine rendition of the tuberose flower and I wore all of the sample I received. However, Dominique Ropion hasn't called it 'Carnal' for nothing. There is a hint of 'decadence' here, which equates to a slightly overblown or overripe note, probably within the musks, which harks back to some of the famous 'classics'. It's a small caveat but worth mentioning. I'll stick to 'Beyond Love' for my floral fix. 
positive This fragrance is, quite simply, stunningly beautiful. It was love before l even opened the vial, as l could already smell the freshest of blooms coming from it. l was apprehensive about the eucalyptus note, but on my skin it just drifts in & out momentarily, serving only to provide a coolness & greenness to the star player, an incredibly fresh tuberose with its' stems & leaves intact. The coconut also plays a subtly supporting role, & l don't detect the melon at all. The sillage is very good but never overpowering, & it lasts for many hours. Wearing it makes me feel like a beautiful, rain-soaked flower all day. lt's very high quality, & despite the price this is firmly on my wishlist. Along with Fracas & Beyond Love, this is one of my favourite tuberose scents, & l think they are sufficiently different to make owning all three worthwhile! lt works in any kind of weather, & l would love to smell this on a man!
positive Oh, it’s beautiful, all right. A clean and pure floral note with tuberose in the lead and jamine in support—these are genuinely superb notes, and the artistic structure and refinement are impeccable. I don’t get anything but florals in the opening and I don’t get any coconut in the base. I get tuberose, jasmine, orange blossom, and musk. No doubt about it, it’s gorgeous. I find Carnal Flower very linear; that it doesn’t have a lot of sillage, and that it lasts…incredibly. Several reviewers have said that this fragrance can easily be worn by a man; I can agree with that because, on paper, it doesn’t strike me as being especially feminine, but from its performance on my skin it turns a little too much in the distaff direction for me to be comfortable with wearing it. Regardless of its gender direction, I’m no fan of florals on myself, but there's no getting around it: This is an excellent fragrance, and it certainly deserves a thumbs way up. 

Originally submitted 24 May 2007, Taiwan
positive Green, carnivorous, sun-warmed, creamy, camphoric, unisex.Like walking hand-in-hand with your favorite friend through the Hollywood Hills on a warm, balmy summer night when the air is heavy with white, night-blooming flowers.Carnal Flower captures all the narcotic, swoony beauty of a tuberose flower without smelling exactly or exclusively of one. 
positive First impressions my butt!  If you see my first review of Carnal Flower you'll know exactly what I mean.  But, I gave it another try, and I "got" it.  Well I didn't just get it, I fell dizzyingly in love with it!This is tuberose in all her shimmering glory.  All the notes you've heard about are there: the camphorous, chilling opening, the crush of living foliage threaded through the tuberose heart, the coconut quivering about the edges with a musk so crystalline "white" doesn't do it justice; more like platinum.Carnal Flower is more than a masterpiece, more than an icon.  It is pleasure in a bottle.  It is explosively gorgeous.  Carnal Flower is just perfection.
positive I was taking a walk the other day and was hit by a brief wonderful waft of fresh tuberose blooms. I wish the scent had stayed. My instant thought was Carnal Flower. Being a Fracas gal, at first Carnal Flower seemed tame and well behaved to me but it's gorwn on me over the past year into love . Dominique Ropion is a genius. Crisply cool slightly mentholated ,wintergreen opening - described accurately by many - like the inside of a florist's fridge .Fresh green dewy stems and then the tuberose opens up , lush and realistic - just like the tuberose flowers I smelt on my walk .I read that Carnal Flower takes about two hours to fully develop though it seems to take a much shorter time to reach 'full bloom' on me.It becomes a huge fresh bunch of tuberose flowers and it's happy, sunny, joyful. Sexy too ......like buttery warm slightly sweet/saltish skin. The coconut,melon and juicy fruit note are not too perceptible - they seem to be there to round out this perfume but never interfering .Once Carnal Flower blooms - it's almost linear which is fine by me. I just want the tubeorse to last and last with no interference!I find that lasting strength is average to good and sillage is moderate to good. This is not a monster tuberose to me and it turns subtly delicious- always there but quietly weaving its tuberose spell .There is no relation ,in smell or character, to Fracas which is so complex, sweet, slightly powdery and strong. Carnal Flower is a new classic. Thank goodness for Frederic Malle. 
positive This is some potent everlasting juice.  It's a bit on the tangy green side until it winds down a little.  But make no mistake, this is a massive floral bomb.  And it accomplishes this without being powdery.  Notes list citrus up on the top, but I don't get much of it.  Carnal Flower is devoid of fruitiness which is why I was testing it out, in the attempt to find pure florals.  The other florals I put this up against was Datura Noir, and Narcisse Noir.  Datura Noir is less loud, richer, smoother.  Narcisse Noir is higher pitched, more feminine, and ultimately more sexy to me.  Neither one can compete with Carnal Flower's nuclear lasting power.
positive Carrying the weight of a full green canopy, carnal flower shimmers near the forest floor, lit  to perfection by a bright pollen rich shaft of light it is a steamy moist, warm and lucious soliflore. Far from overbearing it gently draws you in and seduces. Absolutely dizzying yet easily approachable. A bit of a siren to be sure but respond to its heavenly song and you will be rewarded. Life affiming and Joyous you can't help but smile at its Beauty and its generous invitation to the party. In these terms gender seems immaterial. This is for everyone. Genius.
positive A dizzy and inebriating fragrance. Wearable for a man due to its subtle construction. Don't ask me how it can have great longevity,  sillage, opulence and still be subtle. Contact mastermind Dominique Ropion and ask him.Nevertheless, I think this works far, far better on a woman.Unless of course you're an androgynous rock star---see my review of Fracas.Did i mention that I like tuberose?
positive Stunning. Timeless. Elegant and 100% Feminine. The scent is called "Carnal Flower" but it should be called "A beautiful woman"One of the most beautiful floral fragrances ever made. By far the most lush, warm and powerful tuberose I have ever encountered!
positive WOW! Is there anyone out there who takes a sniff of CARNAL FLOWER and walks away less than impressed? No more than a handful I'll wager. Dominique Ropion has clearly brought out his A-game to bear on this one for this is a modern reference floral, albeit tuberose-centric with sinus-clearing property as a hidden benefit. Potent stuff! Btw am I the only one who feels it bears more than a passing resemblance to Caron Tabac Blond's amazing opening? I suppose this could be marketed as a unisex fragrance but as someone pointed out earlier, it's not something an average man would wear. Which suits me just fine 'cuz there's nothing remotely average about this scent. A showstopper.
positive Frederic Malle Carnal FlowerMost of the fragrances I wear I get them on the first wear and subsequent wears rarely expose something I miseed on the first sniff. There are far fewer fragrances that are much different depending on the temperature and yet are rewarding in both warm and cold. Then there are the rare gems which are ever changing kaleidoscopes of notes which seem to reveal different beautifully complex combinations as if by whim. I think no matter how many times I wear them I'll never figure them out completely. One of these gems is the 2005 release for Frederic Malle Editions de Parfum, Carnal Flower. Dominique Ropion has created an incredible tuberose centered scent that is easily worn by a man and will reward those wearings with one of the most beautifully textured scents you could wear. If you take a look at the note list for Carnal Flower it can be a little off-putting. If you think that a scent with things like melon, coconut and eucalyptus has to be an unblanced bit of craziness, no one could blame you. If it keeps you from trying this, that is too bad. From the top a little bergamot starts things off traditionally and it is quickly joined by the tuberose core of Carnal Flower. The description on the box boasts that Carnal Flower has the highest concentration of tuberose absolute of any fragrance and the intensity of the tuberose throughout the develpopment definitely shows this to be true. As the tuberose begins to come to the fore the first surprise is that note of eucalyptus as the camphor-like nature of that plays elegantly against the sweet floral nature of the tuberose. This beginning has felt different on me every time I wear this. Sometimes the eucalyptus seems like an equal partner and other times it seems like it is a grace note. As this moves into the heart the other problematic notes come into play as the melon and coconut show up but they are kept in check thorughout and are used as complemetary notes. Here the sweetness of both the coconut and the melon enhance instead of detract; as they do for me in so many other scents they are used in. The base is a mix of white musk and tuberose and the musk proves to be a perfect light partner. For something with this much tuberose in it it never rises to the level of seeming to be too-much on me. It stays at an appropriate level for a shared fragrance. Carnal Flower has excellent longevity and excellent sillage. Carnal Flower is just one of the best scents I own.
positive Yesterday I went to a local store that sells niche perfume lines with the aim of buying my wife an anniversary present. We married in our early twenties, and 16 years on we can afford to splurge on each other as life has been good to us.I tried out quite a few from Lutens, CdG, and Malle. I was all a bit ho-hum until I took a whiff of Carnal Flower. It rocked my world! This is just an amazing floral; one can only admire the quality and artistry of Carnal Flower. I get tuberose, jasmine, and orange blossom on a base of white musk. Identifying the notes is an intellectual exercise but with Carnal Flower it's just as important to simply state: "This smells amazing!".I was moved because through Carnal Flower I learned that beauty goes beyond gender.
positive The most potent fragrance. Should be called Sharper Flower. Also, gave me an instant headache. Thank God! Because i was thinking of getting this one as my only floral. Feminine....of course it is!
positive The opening - I recoil from my wrist - 2 stars - this is not the addictive cool clove of Tuberose Criminelle, something altogether spicier, more alive /5 minutes - it warms a little - 3 stars - a floral Fracasian bouquet - nothing extraordinary, would still turn to L'Artisan for my creamy tuberose fix /15 minutes - 4 stars - the green keeps it real, I am enchanted /After 1 hour, it is how I would imagine the scent of an idealised cactus - something cool and fresh in an unforgiving landscape, a thorny green opening cracked to reveal juicy red flesh.
positive A very good and realistically smelling incarnation of tuberose, for that I cannot give it any other than a thumbs up. Unfortunately tuberose is about all I smell and apparently I just don't care much for a tuberose soliflower fragrance.
positive Hello, lover!  The instant I opened the sample I was in drool heaven.  Buttery yummy tuberose-a flower yes but something nearly edible as well.  Even my father who is such a pill about perfumes and shakes his head over nearly everything I wear couldn't deny this one.  Every man I've asked couldn't keep their nose off it, they had to sniff my wrist again.  I said absolutely no, that I wouldn't pay this much for a fragrance...but something tells me I lied.  I hear ebay calling... 
positive Please God, let me be able to afford this some day. And yes, I am the straight man who would wear this. I tried to make my sample from Barney's last a month by taking little sprays on my wrist and huffing away at it at home like a guilty crackhead. I love it, I want it, and I want to give it to the woman I'm madly in love with. She may have to wait until I get mine, though, hee hee! The tuberose whacks you upside the head, and then while your'e reeling from that, the jasmine and freshly crushed green foliage notres drift in, the the tuberose comes back, and they sort of tug-of-war each other for a while, but tuberose is the Ali of flowers (a sexy, sexy Ali, mind you), and wins in the end. A damn masterpiece. This is the smell of sex to me in a floral, and perfectly named. Five million stars!
positive Carnal Flower is a stunning fragrance, a picture of the living flower in olfactory form. Anyone who's smelled tuberose flowers in real life will recognize the scent immediately.   Fairly linear, I find this fragrance consists mostly of tuberose, jasmine, coconut and rich green notes.     The latter, often identified as wintergreen or eucalyptus, are what really make this fragrance special to me. They add green depth of realism, and a freshness that reminds me of taste of snow peas.    Carnal Flower has good sillage and moderate longevity, but honestly, it's totally out of my price range.    There's been a bit of debate among perfumistas as to how "unisex" this fragrance is.    It smells like a flower. If that's okay for you, then you should feel comfortable wearing it whatever your gender is, as it's not perfumey in a traditionally feminine way. 
positive This must be my favorite white flower scent.  It's so beautiful, so impeccably crafted, that I immediately loved it.  Often I find tuberose heavy, headachey and cloying, but this is none of those things.  There's a thread of green running through it, and a sharpness that juxtaposes beautifully with the creamy white flowers.  Enchanting and exquisite.  
positive Wasn't expecting tuberose. Also wasn't expecting a good tuberose. Man I wish some ylang-ylang was in this (maybe there is!). I swear it would level the playing field for a truly floral bouquet for men. Excellent.
positive A beautiful, full, powerful fragrance that beautifully balances out its top and middle notes. Like smelling a bouquet made from 20 different flowers all at once.Great sillage and longevity but even though I generally have no problem wearing unisex and even some women's perfumes, this is just too floral for me.I find it hard to imagine a straight man pulling this off successfully.
positive I have to be honest, I tried Carnal Flower on two separate occasions at the Frederic Malle store (in their “smelling cabine”, no less) and did not find it to be anything special. Then I spoke with a friend who worships Carnal Flower and upon finding out that I had only smelled it in the air and on a paper strip, she made me promise to smell it on my skin and to that end, kindly sent me a sample. Well, mea culpa. Carnal Flower is exquisite and lives up to all of the accolades it receives. The funny thing is that while I “know” it is tuberose, it does not smell like the tuberose I thought I knew. Normally I find tuberose to be a bit offputting in a heavy/overpowering way. Carnal Flower, however, was refreshing and absolutely beautiful. Whilst sniffing, its shimmering beauty reminded me very much of its sister, Lys Méditerranée. In fact, I dare to say that Carnal Flower is the tuberose version of Lys Méditerranée but with a dollop of that white musk/“Coppertone sun tan lotion” smell thrown in for comfort. In any event, I am a happy convert to the shrine of Carnal Flower!
positive THIS IS TUBEROSE!  Carnal Flower is one of the most wearable flowers for men...not too sweet, it's actually quite stealth for a delicate flower!  In fact, I prefer this one on a man, and suggest Estee Lauder's Private Collection Tuberose Gardenia for a woman.  I would love to smell a groom wearing this CF (and his bride wearing ELPCTG!) what a garden wedding!

negative This made me nauseous and gave me a migraine. It is rich and voluptuous but like a roomful of women all wearing haevy scent. 
negative You mean this has been around for 4 years and I just now sampled it?  Reminds me of Datura Noir by serge lutens.  I have a sample Carnal Flower and I just hate it because it seems like the smell of a man with a black beard.  I know that sounds strange , but I picture this in my mind when I wear it and it makes me shiver.  I love turberose, but not this perfume.  Oh, I just don't like it... what is in there that I don't like?  I don't know.
negative Unisex?  I find that hard to imagine.  Not one to shy away from fragrances typically designated as feminine, Carnal Flower seems to me all Tuberose, and little Carnal.  Though clearly well crafted with quality ingredients, this remains, for me, sticky, waxy and cloying.
negative The blast of this almost knocked me off the bed. Tuberose, huh? I never realised there was a flower I would dislike the smell of but I loathe this one. It is the first time in my life I have run to wash off a perfume; I usually respectfully let them develop through their various stages even if I don't like them. But on me this was unbearable, hideous. And I had been so ready to be impressed with Carnal Flower! I can only pray people don't start wearing this on the plane, to the theatre and restaurants or I will have to become a hermit 'til it passes.

neutral Okay, so this is my first review hope you guys don't think it's trash!When i first tried carnal flower, it was in one of those large red cylinders in MeccaCosmetica in Melbourne. I was there visiting my sister and it was my LAST DAY but i made sure i had the time to go out of my way to try some of these famous Editions De Parfums fragrances. Out of the few that i tried on paper, i was only really interested in taking a further step with Carnal Flower, L'eau D'hiver and Musc Ravageur so i had the SA place the scents into the ventilation cylinder. Didn't enjoy the musc as much the second time, but i got 50ml bottles of the other two (THEY ARE HORRIBLY EXPENSIVE).Carnal flower, I found, was the most impressive between the two. It starts crisp, but also very soft and very green. It then unfolds itself, like a woman unbuttoning her shirt and removing her glasses and letting her hair down to reveal a very fleshy tuberose. It isn't extremely heady (other tuberose scents i wear always get the same reaction : "It's really nice but it's so strong!!!")-which i like- but i can ALWAYS get a whiff of it on my skin. It smells so decadent and every so slightly vicious (but in a good way). However, it is, firstly (and as noted previous), HORRIBLY EXPENSIVE. A 50ml bottle was about 426SGD, which is about TWICE the price of a 100ml bottle of perfume from Goutal or L'artisan or TDC. Also, I find that, especially on a man, the perfume's wearability is subjective to your occasion, what you wear, your demeanor, etc etc etc and is thus not something that is very easily wearable. The perfume is DEFINITELY female, but in the same way french objects are either labelled feminine or masculine, rather than in that the perfume is for females (I find sex branding is RUBBISH and i will wear whatever the hell smells nice on me). It takes too much control and without the right confidence it ends up taking over the way Dior Poison does.Don't get me wrong, i LOVE this perfume to no end (I'm wearing it right now). I just don't think it's it's completely worth it given the price and how it seems so fickle.
neutral Oooh! A bit too much Tuberose, giving a very theatrical aspect, verging on the camp, or is there a drag queen in the room?
neutral Breathing in the scent from the sample vial - and who doesn't? - I was impressed by strong, rich combination of tuberose and jasmine. This is a light-year ahead of the tuberose-scented bath and body products in volume and intensity. Certainly, this would be worth a try.Then I put a drop of this on the back of my wrist. My first impression was that even for someone who likes tuberose, this must need a light touch on the application.  Five minutes later, as the indole component made its presence fully known, I decided that I would never buy a full bottle for anyone I knew and that I needed to get it off of me soon. At least now I know why the tuberose products in wide distribution use only a sparing amount of the fragrance - because too much of a good thing can be truly unfortunate.
