Disappointingly thin elevator guy type scent with no sillage and short duration. 

The idea is nice (aftershave), but the execution is sub par and an insult to the price tag.

One upside is that it's less synthetic smelling than the EdT.


2/5
This is a completely different beast to the delightfully frothy and tangy EDT.
Even the opening blast is sultry giving a grudging nod to the freshness of the EDT. It then settles down into something mildly synthetic and fougerie morphing into slightly metallic then settling into pure pepper on a bed of faded petals, fortunately with the pepper mellowing over time otherwise it would have necessitated a wash off situation.
I was hoping for a more mature and meaningful version of the EDT.
Nope. Just boring and generic.

Fragrance: 2/5
Projection: 3.5/5
Longevity: 3.5/5
 I can't believe this is from Chanel.It opens with a nice citrus and vetiver that drys down to a powdery amber scent.Very little longevity and silliage.A safe and generic smelling frag.At this price I was expecting something a little more imaginative and unique.

Terrible and synthetic nightmare. The worst Chanel fragrance ever released. I'm really scared if they're going to continue making such "scents".

Indeed, what you can smell in here is plastic, kind of melted plastic. Reminds me a lot of Paco Rabanne Invictus, this one is thicker and less "fresh".

The worst Chanel I've ever tried in my whole life, no joke.
just imagine the edt opening for several minutes than a plasticky nightmare drydown sets in

Jo Malone Orange Blossom EDCNotes: clementine leaves, orange blossom, water lily (from jomalone.com)Orange Blossom starts with juicy sweet orange, bergamot and orange blossom.  The combination is classic and a tad soapy, however, there is an unexpectedly tenacious indolic edge to the orange blossom which keeps the fragrance from being too clean.  The indoles are rather fecal in this composition, and at first adds a welcome complexity to a fragrance that would otherwise be very dull.  Unfortunately, after a bright beginning, all the tangy, sweet, creamy qualities fade away, the fragrance loses its balance, and turns into a screechy white floral with fecal notes that challenge the most die-hard civet lover.  The indole in OB does not develop the way natural indoles would, so the accord never loses its rawness.  That is to say, OB smells strongly of bleu cheese crumbles, mothballs and urine from start to finish.  When there is nothing left to balance and blend with the indoles, OB is not enjoyable anymore.  Longevity is too long, all things considered--the indoles are going strong after six hours.  Sillage is surprisingly strong, perhaps not a good thing.  I am convinced the only way to wear this fragrance is to layer it, probably with another Jo Malone offering.

Bright citrus (lemon I'm guessing, and grapefruit) opening, aquatic and extremely light.  Very, very light: as in, dries down to a skin scent in 15 minutes light. As in, disappears from your skin completely in an hour or two light. I get sea salt, yes: and slight florals such as the sage and possibly lavender. Almost no wood, however: if it's there it is gone as quickly as it started.

Completely forgettable, performance is absolutely terrible: unforgivably bad. Maybe the worst I've had yet in a fragrance. Hard to even make a complete evaluation when I have scent that dissipates so quickly. What more can I say?

2/10


Insipid. Smells like pantene shampoo (which is not bad but not worth $100) I did not smell sage or sea salt. 

Save your money.
When its good there isn't enough of it, and when its bad there's too much.
The citrus and sage is green and refreshing but VERY faint.  
For a long time, the scent develops an odd, buttery smell.  Sort of like movie popcorn with the "butter" topping.  I don't care for it.
The base is really blah.  A vague, soapy-detergent smell.

For the price its ridiculous, ike all Malone scents, over priced and hyped. Everyone of her frgrances goes ranicd too quick to. 

You're visiting the city dog pound, and you forget to bring a clothespin for your nose. You decide to carry on and suffer through it, finding the perfect (smelly) dog. When you get back to the car with your new malodorous family member, you crumble. You can't take it any longer and you need to neutralize the smell somehow. You start digging through your purse and your glovebox and you magically discover a bottle of Neroli 36 by Le Labo. Alright, so, in this moment, you think it's a good idea, but let's be frank: you're not thinking clearly. You spray it anyways, and neither you nor your doggie makes it home in one piece. Jasmin 17 by Le Labo.
It is with extreme sadness I type this commentary, as my hope for this jasmine has been crushed.  I adore indolic florals.  Never have they come to my nose smelling like "mothballs", that is, until now.  Jasmin 17 begins sweetly, and similarly to Diptyque's Olene.  Within only minutes after spritzing, starts to give off that mothball/ashtray sort of smell.  The prettiest components of this juice vanish too soon, leaving the mothball/ashtray odor  to morph into it's final repugnance:  the smell of gingivitis.  I know, it's not nice, but it's true.  The smell of unhealthy (almost rotting) gum tissue.  It permeates.  I have never smelled a perfume quite like this one.  

You're a steel bucket, with bits of rust here and there, and you're sitting in a wet garden filled with jasmine flowers. Inside your oxidized steel frame, you're holding a batch of Fleur d'Oranger 27 by Le Labo. Your existence is dull, albeit a bit more pleasant, but unfortunately just as unwanted. Neroli 36 by Le Labo.
Simply put, this smells like the industrial cleaning solution they use to wash down the subway stations in my city. It's a nauseating scent. I couldn't scrub it off fast enough, and even still I can't escape the odor.
Not neroli or orange blossom or anything in that vicinity.   Bergamot?  Whatever it is, it is sweet, unpleasant and a real scrubber.
I ask this when I sample most of Le Labo's fragrances -- but seriously, where is the Neroli?  This is a floral / aldehyde mix...a very strange one at that.  Not sure how I feel about this but it's definitely not fit for a man, that's for sure.
After a few weeks of having Le Labo's Neroli 36, I'm still trying to figure out the intended use of this product. Unfortunately for me, I can't use it as an inviting scent since to me it smells of things that may have been expelled out of a whale and left to biodegrade on a polluted beach somewhere on the Atlantic... I mean this thing costs $220 for 100 mL... There's got to be some use for it... Maybe deep sea fishing? 
Not one of the better neroli fragrances I think.  The accords aren’t clear and feel a little bit sticky.  The florals are indistinct and the bouquet is not done any favors by inclusion of calone.  The fragrance is quite soapy. 
Slightly more agreeable than their Fleurs d'Oranger, but equally super-sweet and powdery and with a similar cleaning product vibe to it. This one has a touch of bitter almond/marzipan/heliotrope as well I think, but perhaps that's just the natural difference between neroli and orange blossom. Anyway, it makes me like it just a little bit better since I think neroli/orange blossom is more bearable when the naturally gourmand aspect of the floral note is emphasised, as opposed to when they're used in miserably failed attempts at "fresh" colognes. But sorry, I just don't dig neroli/orange blossom scents at all.

You're sitting in time-out wondering why you're munching on some sour Fig Newtons, drinking sour rosewater, and sitting on some sour, wet hay in a stuffy barn. The Noir 29 by Le Labo.

2 sprays and you will be transported back in time to your early teens, you know, the insecure glory days. 

Hanging out at the donut shop, sporting tight trousers and applying half a can of Axe body spray with an itchy trigger finger. Good times. 

0 stars. 
I acquired a bottle of this under batch code# SA422 and I must say I'm not impressed with Eros by Versace.

I get an opening slightly fresh of mint then it's coated over by a lot of vanilla. I get green apple, cedar, and little ambroxan in the blend. Occasionally the mint peeping through the vanilla body of this fragrance.

I get about 8 hours of light projection with this fragrance so it's no performance beast. Eros to me scent wise isn't unpleasant...but it's a rip off at cost. It's an office and casual wear fragrance. This fragrance has a lot in common with the Penguin/Musingwear apple based fragrances that were designed before Eros and are about $20.




Tried it in a store after seeing it being hyped by youtubers recently. 

It's a good aquatic but in a way it's sort of like a glorified Axe/Lynx product. You know, the blue/marine/aquatic ones like Marine, Apollo and Click. Eros is a lot like the shower gels of aforementioned. Which is not a bad scent and back in my teens I always thought Axe's shower gels actually smell better than their body spray counterparts. 

That's what Versace Eros is to me, a very good aquatic shower gel scent (although done more naturally) with the longevity of an EdT. Would have loved this as a youngster in the late 90's but it smells dated now. 

Need to mention this one's stingy on the Ambroxan to me, keeping it from entering that Sauvage and Invictus vibe that's currently marketed as being the best and most modern way to smell. 

Minty and aquatic, barely perceivable leather. Coumarin and geraniol like Axe/lynx only not as much of it.

Boy oh boy where do I start. So I was interested in Versace, because of all of the positive reviews, just like Bleu. Big mistake. 
Eros, is very sharp and harsh and syntheticly sweet. It gives me a headache, and it is just too much. 
Unless you are in a club, where pretty much ANYTHING smells good, this is not pleasant. 
There is Strong lemon and some VERY synthetic smell underneath that is headache inducng. Thank God I just bought samples, I will be happy to give them away to guys I know that go clubbing. 
I will start this off by saying that vanilla is not one of my favorite notes, however, I like it in certain situations (JPG Le Male, for instance). This is nothing but uber sweet synthetic vanilla and mint. If you like super super sweet scents, you will like this. I'm not sure I understand the hype around this, though. It seems like it attempts to do what Le Male does, but it doesn't quite achieve that euphoric mix. I've tried wearing this several times and it's super cloying. I can't imagine this working in the super hot humid southern US summers. Like I said, if you enjoy sweet vanilla you will probably like this, but I would definitely recommend trying it before you buy it. 

I made the mistake of spraying this on myself while browsing through Macey's. Ugh...I had to continue walking through the mall with my wife while the stench of this stuff clung to me like a bad nightmare. I got nauseated within about 40 minutes and by the time we left the mall, I was almost ready to beg for someone to turn a fire hose on me. It is far too strong and cloying in a very bad way. The only positive is that the bottle looks very cool. Eros means romantic love, but the name of this scent to me would have to be "Miso", which of course would be Greek for "hate". Big thumbs down...
Not very creative! but I appreciated that in the sample I received there was the olfactive pyramid explained and the olfactive family quoted. A good way to inform and disseminate the culture of perfumes. 
WAY TOO STRONG!
This can be used a clubbing scent in the same spirit as 1 Million, Le Male.
I cannot imagine a mature male using this in an office environment or at church as it would be too cloying.

It's not a BAD smell; it's just overwhelming and ever-present (like Axe).
Maybe it will burn itself out in a year.

I can imagine those under 26 or over 65 wearing this to "make the scene" in a club as they unnecessarily yell into your ear "CAN YOU SMELL MY COLOGNE?".

10 minutes after spraying this on, it wasn't hard to determine Eros' target market....15 to 20 yr olds, looking for attention.   This mess will compete with the worst of scents in any tight room.   If that's your need, knock yourself out...  

Truly awful stuff.
Eros is another uninspiring release from the house of Versace. It opens up with citrus-fruity accord and smells good for the first few minutes. But then the tonka bean, vanilla and other notes set in, leading to a gourmandish mess. It is in the same ballpark as modern clubbing fragrances such as Le Male and 1 Million. In this particular olfactory niche the bar for being a decent composition is rather low, but this one still misses the mark. 

The bottle looks good, the cap outright tacky. 
Welcome to the factory of vanilla powder. Pure trash. 
I've tried this one from a sample for the last week, on and off. It's exactly what you'd expect from a mass market brand - utterly bland, designed to be characterless so as to offend as few people as possible and thereby to appeal to the widest market. It's "nice", up to a point, but it's also instantly forgettable. It doesn't create a mood or enhance one's spirit, it doesn't intrigue or elevate. It just sits there being polite.

Give me something with distinction any day.

1/10
Don't like it. It kind of gives me a headache. 
The usual tiresome, sweet, fruity, synthetic, charmless, obnoxious, loud dreck.
The bottle is a masterpiece, but it goes downhill from there.

I was expecting a quality masculine aquatic but this is sweet, sickly perfume in the style of 1 Million. Avoid if you are over 18.
To be fair, Eros isn't as bad as I expected.  I assumed from the blue bottle that it would be just another "bleu" Windex aquatic.  Don't get me wrong - it IS a Windex aquatic, but the harsh chemical smell is tempered with mint and lavender and paired up with a sour-milk caramelized marshmallow smell instead of the ubiquitous grape drank or fake citrus that scents like this usually use.

That being said, I haven't really liked Eros.  It's REALLY obvious that this was some marketing team's attempt to make something that smells like One Million and, even if it were more unique, I just don't like that sharp Windex chemical smell, and I dislike it even more when awkwardly paired with Angel-esque super-sweet notes.  Oh well, more for the youngsters...

I wore this in the 90’s when it was rich, deep, and peppery.  I sniffed it yesterday for the first time in 20 years and nearly gagged.  All I got was Dr. Pepper soda pop and Johnson’s Baby Powder.  

I wore this  20 some years ago , but it changed.  It's stronger but in a negative way for me.  I'm not  happy when I wear this.  It smothers me and makes me sad and I don't know  why.  My husband shelled out 60.00 for it as a present and I could not tell him I didn't like it...   There is a secret to this although, spray lightly.  As colors have different hues and shades, so does perfume and this is not a pastel! It's a dark hue.

Light Blue - Dolce & Gabanna
Horrendously bad fragrance. Not even worth discussing but I do anyway for the sake of humanity: Light Blue is the Stinker of all Stinkers.
Heard good things but this didn't work for me. Much too sweet, fruity, and fresh-laundry smelling. Maybe if I was ever an outdoorsy all-American 18-year-old, this might have worked for me in the past (though I doubt it). But as a professional 30-year-old woman who appreciates gourmet food (Wuyi rock teas, earthy red beans, spices, umami flavours), this was much too teenybopper.

Will make notes later on the longevity as it wears throughout the day.

This is one of the few fragrances I truly LOATHE. It makes me feel nauseated and I have developed migraines from it. I used to have a coworker who would wear it and it reeked so bad it took my breath away. This is not a "clean, non-offensive" scent.  Please could everyone only wear this one in the privacy of their own homes. I'd rather smell a tire fire. 
I don't get why people love this. On me it smells exactly like a popular dish washer we used for years. Very synthetic and nauseating citrus scent that made me horrified, honestly. If you're a fan of citrus this may be your favorite though. It's a reallly popular scent.
Salutation.

The name of this EDT describes it perfectly LIGHT BLUE.So Popular because it is Lightness and Freshness not overpowering and Offensive. Tasty, Crisp,Clean,Unisex,Youthful,Casual, Light and Sporty.

It has a Refreshing and Light mixture of Light Flowers and Citrusy notes.You can really smell a touch of Apple and Lemon in it with a Cute floral heart and a Soft base of Musk and Amber that makes it quite Gentle on the Skin.

Everyone can use this type fragrances in their Collection.LIGHT BLUE is for a Active Character That Appreciates freedom and dislike Sharp smell too.It remindes me of a Light spring day.Anyway if You think about a Special Example this is not for You!

Sillage?Avreage.

Longevity?About 4 hours on my skin.

6/10 
Don't believe the hype.  Light is right. Airy, breezy and gone like the wind.  Pass. 2 out of 5.
(*)

Apparently Dolce & Gabbana decided that a demure shampoo fragrance wasn't vile enough, for the woody amber in this thing hisses like a pissed off cat. Really bad. 

Synthetic and aquatic - really boring!
Sharp citrus mixed with a synthetic aqua. It doesn't say fresh to me, it says sour. My work colleague let me sample it in the office. After a while she 'fessed up- she uses it to spray on her feet to keep them cool! It's not out and out bad, it's just not very nice. Right now I'm wishing I'd put it on my feet too,  instead of my arm, it's getting more sour and artificial as time goes on and is strong and persistent.
Iso E Super anyone?  A kind of citrus sherbet opening evolving into a clearly synthetic cedar mid-phase (kind of incensey) with barely perceptible fruity-floral patterns. Boring, uninteresting and definitely unbalanced on the synthetic side. Undeservedly popular and firmly unpleasant.
Even though this fragrance is so popular, I don't understand the appeal. It opens up to a tart granny smith apple, which gets bogged down by floral scents. The name suits it completely - you will smell a light aquatic scent in this Light Blue. But, it's too airy, and sweet for my taste. I might mistake cleaning my bathroom mirror with this instead of Windex. Too harsh? Yea, it doesn't work for me.

But, this scent does fit young teens perfectly. It's fresh and flirty. Anyone over 20 should opt for other aquatic scents.
I must say the opening isn't bad -sort of nice ,clean,fresh scent (this is probably what has hooked the masses of wearers) but unfortunately it ends in a sharp Windex+"clean"musk +pencils ---Bleah!!!!
I will say I have had the experience of customers coming into my workplace in the drydown stage after they had apparently hosed down in the stuff ."To freshen up"
I could TASTE this from across the store(at least 60 feet/20 meters away!).
So even if it rates as okay scentwise(topnotes only) I dislike it for the bad drydown .The wearers of this seem to like it for the topnotes and keep reapplying for that "hit"--only it is a edt not a splash cologne.Soon enough another hairspray/windex silliage horror is chokingly born.
 For something with 'Light' in the name she sure can shriek. Funny, when I was glossing over the pyramid I thought for a moment the 'bamboo' read, 'bimbo.' That's how little I enjoy this scent - my brain is trying to subconsciously rewrite the ingredients! Seriously, if I had a time machine, I wouldn't save Lincoln. I wouldn't warn the citizens of Pompeii.  I would stop Light Blue from being made.
This was a complete shock! I expected something light and bright, citrusy or apple-y, a crowd pleaser. But to me, it smells like Lemon Pledge sprayed onto pastry dough. It's actually kind of gross, and I'm afraid I found it rather nauseating. I only made it through about 90 minutes before scrubbing.I get no apple or cedar out of this at all. I get a fakey, citrusy mix wrapped around a core of what smells to me like saffron. I'm all for the avant-garde, but this combination just strikes me as ill-advised.I do acknowledge the brilliance of the name, though. Light blue is exactly the color of this fragrance! Milky, pale, passive-aggressive.Very hard to scrub off, as it turns out.
When I first got this one, I was looking for something to replace my favorite scent because I didn't think it was in production anymore. When I first tried this, I thought it was lovely, and didn't realize how many people were wearing it. 

It takes a while to drop down to the base notes on it, and it has a very sharp top note. If you're looking for sillage, this has it, and if you're looking for longevity, this one is definitely for you. It's harder to get rid of than fleas. However, much like other strong fragrances, this must be used very, VERY lightly, or it's overpowering, and you get tired of it after a while and want to wash it off to try on something different. I would much have preferred that it have come in something other than a spray bottle, as it's difficult to control a spray. If worn sparingly, it can be nice. 

I, however, tired of it very quickly, and would never buy another bottle of it. It ends up cloying in large doses, and even when you *do* use it lightly, it gets kind of annoying. After a short while on your dresser, you'd rather rub vanilla extract on your wrists than use it again.
When I smell this on other people I don't like it. Now it makes my stomach turn so I won't wear it anymore. And what's worse this is one of those scents that everyone is wearing. My husband hated it too, could never wear it around him, now I see why!

I was looking for a gift and sniffed this one inadvertently. What a regret, I wish I never had. It's not a fragrance, it's an essential stench!It’s horrible, suffocating, bitter, nasty, irritating, all permeating, and not going away. It made me sick and nauseated for at least half an hour just by smelling it. I remember from a long time ago the same "aroma" was hovering over the fragrance counter at a VERY cheap department store. On a positive side though, it can make an excellent agent for the chemical warfare - will disable your adversaries in split seconds and it lasts! Unfortunately, I can not specify the ingredients, but I wish I knew what they were, so if I saw them I would have a chance to avoid getting sick again.
Don't like it on myself or anyone else. It starts out saying, "Don't pay any attention to me, I'll be fading away any minute," and rather than vanishing, ends up smelling like spoiled baby formula. I tried very hard to like it, but ultimately, it didn't merit the effort. I don't understand what all the fuss is about and I think if anyone still wears it in 20 years, it will be because they are giving it away at TJ Maxx. Smells exactly like all the other watery frags of that started off the millennium and made you wish you had been born in time to wear the frags of the 1920s.
I am so over this perfume.  Seven years ago, I used four sprays and promptly gave it to a friend.  I'm not literate enough in the language of perfume to explain why I don't like it.  I just don't.  Maybe it's the fruit or the distinct smell of light blue I'm not crazy about.   Light Blue on a man is difficult to envision. (not that there's anything wrong with that.)  What a man he'd have to be to pull THAT off.The friend to whom I gave my Light Blue loved it...and the friend is a she. 
Instant headache potion.I owned and loved this for a few months when I was 13 or 14, back when it was fashionable. I'm not sure what happened, but overnight I couldn't wear it anymore. I think it is the cloyingly sweet woodsy note that burns itself into my brain and attempts to fry it. Sadly, I now am at the point where I can get physically ill even smelling the *cloud* emanating from someone else wearing it on the street or (god forbid) in a closed space like a train. 
I really expected to like this one, but don't care for it at all. Hopefully a friend will like it and take my bottle off my hands.  It smells artificial and harsh to me.  I agree with the comment about it smelling masculine. 

"I will return to Paris tomorrow evening. Don't wash," wrote Napolean to Josephine.

This fragrance is what she smelled like...
It starts as one of my worst nightmares: a flare of flowers, especially jasmine and  orange blossom the way I hate them (I can't exactly explain how it is  but I could recognize it everywhere: sharp, oily, dirty in an uninteresting way,sickly sweet...).
I barely keep myself from scrubbing the fragrance from my arm when something familiar for me emerges and...it's Dyptique Ofresia I'm smelling!! The same peppery and wet, transparent woody notes that I loved so much for a couple of years, long ago, before breaking a half full bottle on the bathroom floor and beginning to loathe it. This one doesn't even need spilling: the base notes, annoyingly long lasting, soon turn chemical and soapy, rendering the fragrance quite nasty for me.

Heavy, cloying, strong, overly sweet oriental. Headache-inducing for me, had to scrub this.
Not a fan. Starts off very strong, has a synthetic weird smell like an old fashion hair product---maybe dipity-do! 
I got the EDT after reading these reviews, and simillar ones elsewhere. As i luuuw musky scents, i had high hopes for this one. But, there was only this high pitch synthetic note taking over the whole show. No musk at all. I dont know what that dominating note is, as im a perfume novice. But my OH my, it got the power!!! After four scrubs under the sink and two showers, its was finally gone. This makes me wonder; how come my fav perfumes doesnt stay on my skin that long?
I had great hopes for this(edp) for the first 5 minutes.Each time I tried it, the opening was an interesting play of floral notes---then a sour note reared up and dominated all for the next eon. Icky orange flower?? So I scrubbed it.  
I tried to like this one, the bottle is pretty, and I heard it was like Lovely, which I also wanted to like.But they smell overwhelmingly strong to me, like bugspray.  I don't know which component is giving that bitter smell, I feel there are other notes that are nice, but I had to return it to the store.  Glad Sephoragave me my money back.

Since no one has given a list of notes for this, I will do so, per Sephora:  Honey Flower, Solar Musk, Orange Blossom, Osmanthus, Amberlyn, Vanilla, Tactile Musk, Tactile Woods, Vetiver.     Regrettably, I am in the minority who feels sickened by the smell of this perfume.   So I can’t recommend it.   
Not my cup of tea. It smells like grape hyacinths (Muscari) + a big brioche (yeast!). It is not sexy at all, it's "yeasty". 
Don't like this one at all, it literally makes me sick to my stomach
I agree with with several of the oppinions posted above -  when I have this on, the smell of it on my skin makes me ill. I love florals, so I can't imagine it is the jasmine...there's something about the notes in the dry down that really don't agree with me. Just muskiness, but not in a good way. That said, I've smelled it on others and it was lovely. 
I was very disappointed in this.  It contains many of my favorite notes, but as soon as I put it on - I regretted it.  I tried to be a sport and give it a chance, but I ended up running to the sink to wash it off.  It made me sick almost immediately.  Not to mention it turned kind of "old lady perfume" on me.  I'm really sad that this didn't work on me.

This stuff does not work on me.  It smells TERRIBLE.  The petroleum-fuel smell is overpowering and does not go away.  It smells like an accident in a garage that one would use Goop hand cleaner to wash off -- but it doesn't wash off easily.  Thumbs DOWN.
Oh. My. God.

Im really sorry, I know this is well liked by a lot, but this is terrible. I do not like it at all. It really does smell like some sort of vehicle lubricant. I had to get it, to see what the hype is about, and it's not good. It hasn't completely dried down as I write this, and i will give it a chance, but I cant see it improving from here. It smells like roses soaked in watered down gasoline or car oil. I am younger, but I do enjoy a mature scent, when the right mixture is present, but oh boy it's bad. 

If you are into more modern, younger, fresher scents, do not buy this! Especially if you're taste lies in with citrus or sporty scents. 

Again, I apologize for offending those who think this note makeup is genius. It's just not for me. It's the first fragrance that gave me a headache and made me feel a bit nauseous. 

If this lightens up and drastically changes after a bit, I will submit a positive review. 

Not my favorite. I bought this on a blind buy when it first came out. This is very strong and does not wear off. It projects down the block and makes my eyes water wearing it. I ordinarily love Dior frags, but this one is a stench bomb.
The stench that keeps on giving. Fahrenheit is just devastatingly terrible in my opinion. I can't think of a better way to describe it than to say something similar to what DEAN ja described in their review. It really does smell like pouring gasoline in to an old lawnmower. The gasoline smell has been spilled a lot on the lawnmower over the years, and the cut grass has been baked onto the lawnmower as well. This combination of gasoline and baked, old hot lawn clippings is a pretty good summation of the Fahrenheit experience. For those who enjoy that smell...this juice is for you. Two thumbs way down for me though...
One of the wonders of the world is how this fragrance was ever made, bottled and sold in stores for people to spray onto their skin and clothes. If you want to know what this smells like, imagine an automobile mechanic who changed car oil all day, came home from his job and decided to cut the grass before it got too late, came inside, took off his shirt, and suffocated you with it. Seriously. You smell cut grass, leather, gasoline, metal, and oil. I am not kidding you. I asked a few girls what they thought and they shook their heads and said "no. uh-uh. nope... not for a fragrance". Dior should add grapefruit accords to it for a natural body odor armpit scent to complete it. LOL. If you like it, that is fine. But it is not for me. Thank you for reading my review.
Back in middle school in the late '90s, Fahrenheit was THE cologne for guys to have. Problem was, it made the hallways smell like gasoline and leather during a particularly tumultuous time in our lives. To this day, many of my middle school classmates can still smell Fahrenheit in their nightmares. And every time I go into Sephora or Ulta, I pick up and sniff the tester to remind myself how much worse the selection of fragrances was back then. Smelled bad then, still smells bad now, and reformulations over the years haven't changed the nastiness one bit.

Simply put, Fahrenheit almost turned me off from fragrance forever. If it wasn't for sniffing Acqua di Gio on someone in high school, I wouldn't be on Basenotes.
All Fahrenheit smells like is Kiwi shoe polish on leather,real lime,and shredded violets minus the urine note.A very odd fragrance I could never conform to...thankfully it's weak and disappears after a few hours.This is one I'd say to try a tester first and tell the person describing it in poetry and prose to shut up so you can focus on the scent.

I have no clue how this fragrance manages to escape from being a clearance item considering $5 aftershaves have more imagination than Fahrenheit.
Never knew Fahrenheit was so popular and so well reviewed here.  And I can’t believe it’s taken me so long to review Fahrenheit as it was one of the 1st fragrances I ever had.  It was a gift from my father during the 90’s and it was an EdT splash.  Thinking it was after-shave strength, I splashed myself with a few handfuls.  Next thing I know, I was at the gas station and had accidentally doused myself with gas.  Vaporous and stringent gas fumes filled the room.  This is fragrance?  The bottle went to the bottom of the drawer and was taken out occasionally to see if my previous experience had been a cruel smell illusion.  Nope, still gas fumes.  Admittedly, it does get slightly better on the drydown as the gas fades a bit and the undertow of the leathery notes emerges.  I applaud the originality and the clever trick the violet plays with gasoline but in the end, I can’t get past the gas station connotation and ultimately cannot wear this.

3/10
One of the most vile concoctions I have ever had the displeasure to smell. . . 

I remember soon after it was launched, going to the mall in Sterling/Rock Falls, IL with my (now) husband. Some idiotic sprayer doused him with it as we were leaving the anchor store. I almost immediately began gagging and got stopped up and headache-y. We had to drive 20 miles home afterwards and I could not breathe. Thought I was going to die--seriously. He had to drive with all of the windows down (IL in winter), and hang partially outside the window. It stuck with him even after a long shower and airing out. 

Never in my life (before or since), have I had such a violent reaction to a scent. Not sure what the ingredient that was in it that got to me like that, but I hope to never experience it again. . . 

Dreadful stuff. Certainly memorable, though. . .


HORRIBLE pine-tar and fuel smell, with perhaps a little eau de putois, at the outset.  I stopped by ULTA to test some YSL L'homme and gave myself a few complimentary shots of that. Seeing te Fahrenheit bottle on the shelf nearby, and never having tried it, I grabbed a blotter paper and hit the aerator...but the aerator was backwards and I sprayed my hand. GOD SAVE ME ! What is this foul smell ?  I beat a path to the door, jumped in my car, and drove the 20 min. home with my right hand suspended in the air not wanting to touch anything in my car to avoid this reaking smell getting on anything and lingering.  The only saving grace of this frag, for me, would be the cool bottle. 
Just like Egoiste,very spicey in a really bad way...just gross!!!
I just tried Fahrenheit today. Yes, my first time. After reading the reviews, I thought I should give it a try. From the beginning to the dry-down, it is terrible. I can't stand the smell. How anyone could recommend this is beyond me. Complete garbage. 
When moving my wrist back and forth near my nose I get "pencil shavings", "fresh", "gasoline" and "grassy". It blends together similar to Cool Water in an 80s fashion. It's not bad and I can see the attraction but there's no space for this in my rotation. Anyone who likes this should try Chevrefeuille by Creed as a comparison.
When almost a fifth of 200+ reviews are negative, you know something not quite right is going on.

This comes at me in two layers, one a warm amber leather and the other a sharp, very unpleasant cedar/mace combo. The center is floral and sweet, as Barbara Herman notes.

Turin gives it 2 stars and calls it a "woody leather." Right!  However, he goes on to say it is a great citrus leather (I don't get the citrus) with prominent violet leaf (again, I don't get this.)

The unpleasant cedar overpowers and wins out over the amber leather, so this is definitely a failure to my nose.

Top notes: Bergamot, Lemon, Lavender, Mace, Violet, Chamomile
Heart notes: Jasmine, Muguet, Cedarwood, Sandalwood
Base notes: Amber, Patchouli, Leather, Tonka, Musk

A waste of most of these ingredients since you can't smell them.
Christian Dior - Fahrenheit
If this one can make the temperature of your blood rise more than 1 fahrenheit, than your probably a very ice-cold person who needs all the little bit of warmth you can get; or dead... A weak sharp-peppery opening with a smudged greenness that smells musty and like overcooked vegetables with an anisic touch, grows into a bitter lavender note, and a weak sweet fruity note that reminds of water-ice where the flavor almost totally has been sucked out of. Then, like a big surprise, it grows into a rubber-leathery note with a clean transparent cedarwood/palo santo note with a Cool Water-like airiness; unpleasantly musty bitter-sour smelling, finished off with a big splash of iso e super. A big disappointment in terms off quality and originality with a detached and boring character. Yuk.

I didn't like it when I first smelled it years ago but it was reformulated and the smell was pleasant enough for me. Only problem: it doesn't last. 

Unique, but I'll passI gave this one a fair shot and really tried to like it especially in light of its notoriety and good publicity. But there is really something about it that does not sit well with me and I dont know exactly what it is. Probably something in the floral notes that kinda pushes me away. But I do have to admit that it deserves the popularity it has. Very unique scent and it is quite "ballsy", but not in a gasoline smelling way unfortunately... Whoever claims it smells like you spilled some gas on yourself at the station, like... you ever BEEN at the gas station?? :)) I really wish it did smell like that and that is the main reason I tried it out in the first place.A classic? I think so, but I would be okay leaving it behind.
I just can't get past the gasoline/petrol note.  It smells like I was pumping gasoline  and spilled it on my hands.  Dry down is a little better.


This is one of the fragrances you can trust what people say in reviews about. I realize many people say this fragrance smells exactly like this or that, and I find that almost all of the time it's not very accurate.

However for Fahrenheit, you can take everyone's word that after 30secs of the first spray, it smells like gasoline. Many people like that particular smell. But for me, I just can't get past that. I was just scratching my head wondering how people would like the smell of this. Even a friend of mine was very put off by it and demanded I throw away the sample. I do smell the violet leaves creeping in after a while and I adore that note in fragrances and does give Fahrenheit a strange but fresh vibe. But the gasoline note is still the main focus of this fragrance.

Now I didn't want to throw it away because I wanted to give it a chance and see if it dries down to something beautiful. But she's right, what's the point if it did dry down to something that smells brilliant? When the top and middle notes are enough to make me feel horrible about myself.

Sorry Dior, but Fahrenheit is just not for me.
Love it or hate it? HATE it. Smells like honeysuckle got smothered all over my body. Sweet to the point of cloying, and just a bad smell even if it wasnt so sweet. Tried to give my sample to my roommates, they didnt want it either.

Conjures up the essence of MLM boss babes or eau de Karen under sustained olfactory encounters.  The hint of diaper wipes and spoiled formula underneath it all is ruinous.  However, any negative affect might be overcome for wearers who possess enough self-discipline to keep the volume down.  Drive by whiffs on someone else could be pleasant making it greatly depend on how much throttle an individual wearer gives it, and if there are a herd of the Flowerbombed concentrated in one spot.  Dose makes the poison here. 
I got a sample of this because perfume critic Chandler Burr likes the stuff, and I agree with a lot of his assessments. This time, though, he's way off base. Flowerbomb is just a total snooze, hard to tell  from a hundred others....and it's a snooze in the heavyhanded '80s mode I like least. Ugh. 
Cliche in a bottle. The female equivalent to Cool Water for over-use, over-application, and apparent wearer myopia with regards to how 'great' they smell.

Embarrassing.
When I first heard of the name Flowerbomb I knew to give this one a miss. Full-on florals, which the name implies, are the one category I just don't do. A while later I smelled a dry/woody only slightly sweet fragrance on a colleague. It was fairly low-key and rather pleasant. She told me it was Flowerbomb. After that I tested it myself and found it wouldn't work for me. But on other people, especially on that girl, I found it rather pleasant. I can only conclude now that I must have come across a statistical cluster of people with a very light trigger finger.
Come to think of it, that girl must have had an unusual body chemistry. On her the old  Dior Addict seemed to have a woody/cinnamon quality which is usually doesn't have.

We have since moved to a different area, one where every other female seems to use Flowerbomb. And they're not shy in the application of it. I'm in a public facing line of work, and at least once every day I get almost knocked down by a veritable force field of this stuff. 
So while I started out as on the fence about Flowerbomb, it is now what garlic is meant to be to vampires.

Often one can appreciate a fragrance just for the idea and artistic effort, even if they don't work for everyone. In this case the end result smells exceptionally shallow and cheap. Nothing seems to even aspire to reflect the listed notes. It only consists of generic artificial sweetness and equally fake shallow patchouli. 

Normally I'm content to avoid trivial fragrances and don't bother reviewing them. But with the obnoxious omnipresence of this stuff  I just have to.

This is memorable for me as one of the worst fragrances ever.  A salesperson sprayed my arm & I immediately felt as if I'd been flea bombed.  Horrible!  I hurried to a restroom to wash it off but still had a headache within a couple of minutes.  An hour from home, I smelled it all the way back & even a shower didn't fully remove this mess.  Hence my 5 stars for longevity.  There is nothing in the list of components which I haven't previously worn and enjoyed, so maybe  there's an odd synthetic in the mix?  
Oh Yuck!  It's initial scent is of the foul-smelling formic acid used in cheap colognes;  This gives way rapidly (thank goodness) to an unpleasant bouquet of "Raid" insect spray and the artificial, sickeningly sweet odor of S'More-flavored white chocolate, as found in some mass-market candy bars.  It's a strident scent that lasts quite a while.
Ah, Flowerbomb.  I want to like it just because I love the name, but I simply can't.  It's that pink pepper/patchouli/amber smell that every single smellalike woman's designer perfume smells like like now, mixed with marshmallows.  There are some bubblegum fruits in there, some sort of dark green spice that I think is supposed to balance the treacle but just smells "off," and possibly some kind of flowers, but any floral notes in here (despite the name) are unimportant sweeteners buried in a thick, sticky sea of marshmallow fluff and common-smelling pink pepper goop.

This smells common in the most literal way:  If you go to a bar full of girls wearing perfume, they'll all smell like this.  It's not that they're all wearing Flowerbomb, it's that Flowerbomb, as well as the dozens of other perfumes you'll smell, all have the the same basenotes and throwaway topnotes, so every girl at a bar, or on a bus, or in an office smells like this same pink pepper/patchouli/amber/marshmallow smell.  Obviously the ladies of the world love this smell, but as a perfume aficionado, I just can't get get excited about yet another one of these.
Dear Flowerbomb,

I have tried, truly tried, but I do not understand you.

In spite of your listed notes, you are no floral. You are Boston fruit slices in a bottle, assorted penny candies liquified, a poor rose swimming in simple syrup.

Descended you are from Angel, Lolita Lempicka, Euphoria, Coco Mademoiselle and Juicy Couture JC, yet they manage to be interesting while you twirl your hair and drool. How is it you are so astonishingly popular? I am shocked by it. I wonder if today's girls simply find no discernible difference between flies and men. 

Poor Flowerbomb, a classic of perfumery you are not. You are to Coco Mademoiselle as Giorgio was to Poison. As your simple charms lose their appeal, your formula will cheapened, reduced to a 40 dollar EDT in Wallgreens for our daughters to buy discounted for their "naughties" theme parties, where the teenage girls of 2030 will dress like hipsters, dance to "Sexyback" and say "I can't believe Mom used to wear this!"


Smell this blindfolded and 100% that you won't be able to distinguish it from other millions of generic sweet floral perfumes of the last decade or so. Awful!
Uninspiring and unoriginal.  Smells like sugar water was poored onto unfortunante girls.  I don't understand the main stream appeal either.  If you want to smell unique, try Tom Ford or Bond No.9  Do us all a favor ladies, throw this stuff out and grow up. Smells almost like Pink Sugar. 
What a damn shame this one is. Both my mother and sister own this fragrance and its hello and goodbye at lightspeed. The notes are very boring and non chalant. I can't see why anyone would drop the bucks for this one. It's a nice bottle with a popular name. Thats it.
Sweet vanilla flowers in a cigarette ashtray. Even sans the unappealing smoke odor, it'd still be too sweet.

Flowerbomb is not for my skin, it becomes way too sweet and too uninteresting. I am sorry.
Awfully boring tutti-frutti syrup for such a big price tag.Viktor & Rolf need to put on their big girl panties and come up with something other than these treacle-covered blossoms of theirs.
Caramel bomb. No flowers. Another, boring, sticky, caramel stuff. So childish, barbyish.
the new angel competitor is this bomb who hide very spécial plastic flowers!! 
"courage fuyons"
they want to destroy our noze,pitty,
or, i go to live in sooth pole!!
with pinguins !!
I was really dissapointed by this one. I was expecting a really lovely and loud floral. All i was presented with was candy floss, it's sickeningly sweet and 'sticky' smelling. Not worth the price (about £50 for 50 mls over here in the UK). Fantastic bottle though!
Tried this one yesterday and I didn't find it as extroardinary as I  thought it would be. It starts with a smell that is very familiar (must be Allure) and further.... nothing. It just doensn't last on my skin and fades after a few minutes.
Frankly, it is a mess. I tried both the original and etailer versions of it (some people suggested that the etailer interpretations were much better). None were better than the others. The notes are mixed up in an indecipherably manner. It is flat, but ironically loud and cloying. You don't get the complexity of the artisan fragrances, just a sickly sweet cloud. 
too too.  it's trying to hard and the drydown is worthless.  you need to be really young to pull this off. sense memory of disco in the late 80s, amyl nitrate and all.

So many citrus woodies these days are so uber synthetic and loud that they tag the wearer as hanging with their old mate Screechmella. Walk down a stairwell wearing one and the scent will linger, leaving the next resident to encounter it thinking that the cleaners have done a particularly thorough job this time. 
Cedrat Boise has that garish volume for sure, but also a few grace notes. First, the powerful citrus  – common with all such perfumes – that comes across as strong detergent is somewhat masked by a riotous fruity mix that makes it easier to live with. Second, the synthetic cedar note has a bit of a sappy and green quality to begin with.  
Unfortunately, the mix also reminds me of the fruitsick hell that is CK’s Escape for Men, an act of  perfume violence guaranteed to make me move away from the wearer quicker than any threat of physical harm. It has that same nauseating, highly chemical, watery persistence, common to so many of these bro-juices, that it makes me think I must be an utter snob to feel such visceral revulsion. Perfumes of this ilk are garlic to my inner vampire. You’re safe bro, you really are – go (preferably very, very far away) in peace.

Cedrat Boise smells synthetic to me. Sometimes that's not a bad thing, but in the case of Cedrat Boise, it's distracting to me. I couldn't disagree more with the thought that this smells like Aventus. It's nothing like Aventus to me. In fact, this isn't even in the same time continuum as far as enjoyment goes with Aventus, at least for me. Cedrat Boise's wood notes smell more like Cashmeran than cedar or sandalwood to me. The citrus also smells like white musk with hints of citrus. I do get a dash of jasmine in the opening. Wish I could smell the blackcurrant, but the dry down is all about synthetic woods to my nose. I love my new bottle of Red Tobacco by Mancera, but Cedrat Boise is a miss for me. 

A thoroughly cheap-smelling synthetic vanilla mixed with some smokiness; it's both bland and off-putting. 

I'm inclined to be especially harsh here because of the absurd and disgraceful pricing. This is transparently cheap, nasty stuff being sold at entry-level niche pricing.
Just another cheap little vanilla.  It's that dumb marshmallow frosting vanilla, with isobutavan added for a hint of nuts and creme soda, and a touch of boozy immortelle that's trying its best to class things up but fails.

Right now, in any town in America, you could go to Ross or TJ Maxx and find a candle or a room spray that smells like this for less than $5.  This is the dictionary definition of what "cheap" smells like.

Its so sweet and so loud.  It is pleasing to many people, sure.  I could never own a bottle that looks like this.  Just terrible. 
Extremely synthetic smelling and cloyingly sweet - Nothing masculine about this at all! This is to men's fragrance what Justin Bieber is to music - saccharine sweet with absolutely no soul - just mainstream appeal.
It's clear they're trying to appeal to a younger audience who may not remember any of the classic masculine scents, but as a man, I just would never want to smell like this. Thumbs down...
The first time my husband wore this I asked him why he reeked of Right Guard.  Instead of getting annoyed with me, he said, 'yeah, that's what it is, isn't it?'
Too sweet, not enough "cologne" smell if that makes sense. Ended up scrubbing but willing to give it another sample at some point. 
I saw the red flags in other's reviews, I was warned:
It is sweeter than Jean Paul Gaultier Le Male, (which I found abhorrent).
Smells like Fan di Fendi, (which is utterly disgusting).
Azzaro Night pour Homme, Mont Blanc Legend Intense and Axe deodorants were also major references.
I have great reverence for Paco Rabanne pour Homme, which with Nina Ricci Signoricci, were champions on my first steps into the world of Masculine fragrances.
I couldn't believe Paco Rabanne put its name and reputation in such offensive reeky juice, packaged in a tacky golden bottle, is it marketing strategy? Which demographics are they targeting?
I'm an old timer, but I accompanied the generational changes in perfumery and found value in modern fragrances, like Abercrombie and Fitch Fierce, Prada Luna Rossa, even David Beckham pour homme, (which is amazing and affordable).
What makes reputable houses like Dior creating monstrosities like Sauvage, or Paco Rabanne denigrating themselves with 1 Million and the super tacky Invictus? Are they killing artistry in the name of easy young money?… and worse, there are so many copycats delivering the same toxic fumes in expensive bottles.
Do I recommend 1 Million? No.
My advice: Please don't.

The appeal:
Ladies love it! Women go crazy… 
I can't understand why?. (well, women are not to be understood, just appreciated)

Which type of guy wear this fragrance?
I can see clearly 2 distinct gentlemen wearing it: 
Martin Shkreli (pharma-bro)
Kylo Ren (no introduction is needed).

Nuff said!


Uggg,,,just ugg. I know that a lot of people like this one but I cant, and I've tried. I mean why would i want to hate on a cologne i paid over $100 for, feal i've wasted my money. To me it literally smells like an old ladies perfume from the 80's. Harsh synthecic fruity rose,,,just way to strong and last way to long.Thats the only plus I can give it is it's staying power thats it... I know sent is very subjective but I can't imagine why any man would like this one...a woman yes but not a man...an older woman at that its perfect for them.
For me a huge disappointment ... My girlfriend wears the female version and accidentally bought it for herself... Once it was opened she could not return it so it became mine.
The smell is nothing special in my opinion as it reminds me of very old sweet smells of the eighties. For me it smells like Dunhill edition (not as sweet) and does not last at all. (it was bought in a pharmacy so no fake but maybe old stock)
In a British article it was one of the men's perfumes "which drives women crazy"!! 
Ladies are you sure? 
Drives you crazy?
Maybe literally...
Sorry not for me 3/10

Sampled, then bought. One of those "seemed like a good idea at the time" frags. Then after wearing for a while, the scent just reminded me of an a**hole in a nightclub. You know, like that guy on the package. Or the guy who is grinding on your girl while smiling at you. If that's what Paco was going for, mission accomplished.
So kiss a little longer
Stay close a little longer
Pull tight a little longer
longer with 1 Million!

That 1 Million freshness lasts right through it.
Your fresh breath goes on and on 
while you chew it!

Say goodbye a little longer
make it last a little longer
Give your breath long-lasting freshness 
with 1 Million!
No...

Lately, I've been watching quite a few YouTube fragrance reviews...many mention this as a scent that gets many many compliments from the ladies.  Wow...I think they should maybe clarify just who these ladies are.  

So I saw it on the shelf of the fragrance store I was in and I gave it a go.  It is just too synthetic for me. And cloying.  And Sweet.  It doesn't smell masculine to me at all.  (I'm just turning 50 so maybe there is that...)

Perhaps good for a high school kid but I had to scrub this off my hand as soon as I got home from the store...


BLUF: Highly synthetic, sweet, potent, busy, cloying.  Not a fan.

On my skin One Million is something akin to cinnamon, candy, cheap leather, and even cheaper amber.  It really does smell like some sort of over-seasoned, overcooked bubblegum that preteens stick under desks or on school bus seats.  So much going on that I have a difficult time picking out individual notes.

I don’t hate it, but it’s not something that appeals to my senses at this point.  It was also one of the difficult scents to remove from my skin that I’ve come across.  Pass.


Awful.  Smells like cotton candy mixed with fruity pebbles.  Loud, sickly sweet, synthetic.
Bubblegum, Bubblegum, Bubblegum.....
mixed with cough syrup, honey, spices & leather

Its good, but eventually it gets cloying.

Excellent projection & longevity

5/10


For the love of all that is holy PLEASE STOP WEARING THIS! 

When this first hit the shelves I thought it was fine. Candy-sweet bubblegum, cinnamon, woods. Pleasant. 

But now I swear I can't be in a public space without smelling this EVERYWHERE. Not a light, pleasant whiff either, it completely takes over the room and makes me nauseous. 

It has become Axe 2.0 in my region, it's what every high school boy sprays on too much of. Even if that weren't the case, this fragrance is too strong and cloying. 

If you don't want to come off as a completely unoriginal, inconsiderate loudmouth then please - PLEASE - look elsewhere. 
A huge commercial success due to innovative advertissements. Paco Rabanne have been becoming a great business man. 

One million is patchouli bomb rather synthetic too sweet and powderdy to my nose. I understand its success among young people who want to feel rich and popular. But I don't like it. Dissmissed!

Not good 5/10
Revolting. I have tried this twice.

Straight to the bathroom to wipe it off both times. I just don't understand how anyone could stand that smell. 
One of the most powerfully synthetic openings of any fragrance I have ever sampled.  Synthetic is the main play here as nothing smells natural in 1Million.   I live in Florida and I can only imagine how cloying the phony soapy floral notes would get on a hot summer day.   No reason I would ever want to wear this.   It als took forever to scrub off, which only confirms how chemical the composition is.
overpowering weird sweetness.It makes me want to throw up.
One positive that becomes negative that you can't even scrub it off.Not for me.
Was this the scent that launched a million young jocks? Is this what ‘fresh, spicy, leathers’ have come to?
The overriding impression of this car crash is ‘Look at me, I can scream louder, I got the bling and I think grabbing my crotch in public is the height of dudeness.’ A trying-too-hard dancefloor pretender. That isn’t a police siren tearing up the music, that’s someone doused in 1 Million coming through. 
Starts with a polite (but seen in 1 million other ‘masculines’) array of airbrushed fougere notes, a bit minty, but mostly vaguely herbal-spicy. However, these are soon overwhelmed by a post-Aventus sweet frooty gloop with lingering edges of disinfectant and urinal cake that has somehow in this curious age come to typify the smell of a lad about town on a Saturday night looking for a leg over. It blares when it could just be. Dies back to a nondescript sweetness that lingers. 

I really don't see what all the fuss is about with Paco Rabanne's 1 million; it LITERALLY smells like a woman's perfume. I have received a sample of it in my Sephora's sample kit FOR MEN and I am starting to wonder if they gave my the woman's sample because this is a scent I wouldn't mind smelling on a female. It is VERY Floral with some hints of sweet; if you want to smell like a flower for some weird reason then this is the scent to use!!!
This smells straight up like a women's fragrance. Too sweet, too floral, too fruity. 
Extremely unnatural, overbearing, overused and worn by the wrong people.

Don't let all the good reviews here fool you, quality-wise this is a horrific scent, synthetic and cheap - should be called "1" instead of "1 Million". Believe me, women above sixteen DO NOT LIKE it. Period. 

I can't see how anyone into fragrances would appreciate this garbage. Absolutely terrible!
Ok, so I used to love this scent. I even almost used up a whole bottle. As time has gone on i've hated this scent more and more. Now I just find this scent very irritating and sickly sweet. The smells enough to give you a headache! Also another reason why I probably began to dislike it is that everybody is wearing it. I will give you an example.. in my college class on the same day, 3 of the classmates were wearing it. Its too common and in my opinion it's getting old. It's no doubt good for clubbing cause everyone can smell you and it projects but as so many people are wearing it now, it's becoming a joke. Now I always am hearing comparisons with 1 million smelling like Spicebomb and maybe it's the cinnamon note but i don't think Spicebomb smells much like 1 million. I actually like Spicebomb and would prefer that over 1 million any day.
Genre: Woody Oriental

1 Million actually starts out a lot nicer than the mostly indifferent reviews had led me to believe, with perky grapefruit and orange rind top notes. The composition is soon filled out and enlivened by a sweet, creamy synthetic wood accord that’s suggestive of coco butter. So long as it remains in the background, the coconut cream is pleasant in a kind of goofy, offhand manner. Unfortunately, it rapidly expands  to drown out everything else, turning trite, and finally cloying. 

At the apex of its development, 1 Million smells like hand soap amplified to jet engine volume. It also radiates like plutonium until the very last phase of its generic pencil shavings drydown. Talk about crash and burn! 1 Million smells like its entire budget went into the first ten minutes. Long enough to close the sale and get the customer out of the store, but hardly long enough to satisfy. 


Honestly I hate this one.  i wanted to love it but I dont.  Maybe it will grow on me.  But right now my impressions has me wanting to make a public service announcement.    I am here to save you $50+ on the purchase price of PR1M.    Go to the dollar store and find a pack of fruit stripe gum.   Insert the whole pack in your mouth and chew to build up a large amount of saliva.    Now spit on yourself.   You now smell like a million.
To me this is disgusting and I have to move away/out of the underground carriage when I smell this on people as it is overpowering and acrid. It is the men's version of Poison - to be avoided. Goodness knows what the womens version smells like, I haven't dared to even try it.

Trashy, but I think that's intentional.;	If I smelled this with a blindfold on I'd say it smells like waiting outside of a public restroom in a casino. You're near the smoking section, next to a gift shop stocked with candy and especially red licorice. Every time the bathroom door opens a cloud emerges that is a combination of the urinal-cakes, the cherry-almond soap leaking out of the dispensers, the disinfectant in the mop water the janitor is cleaning the floor with... 	Then I take the blindfold off, see the tacky gold bar atomizer and think, so wait — casino bathroom is exactly what the house was going for?"  	At least it's self-aware.
Sickly sweet disgusting trash. Probably designed to be the next step up for teenagers from wearing Lynx Excite. "Yes! You too can smell like an accident in a sweet shop!" I certainly won't miss it when I finish the bottle.
In the beginning I loved '1 Million' - it was fresh and like walking through an orchard full of berries. But after a couple of minutes it transforms into this sweet stench... like you're trespassing or you got lost in some woods full of blueberry. the smell becomes so dominant that it's annoying. but luckily after a couple of minutes you can't smell a thing any longer, because it doesn't last at all.
this is sweet peppery synthetic frag , very cheap execution :)

probably made according to the new market taste for sweet feminine frags with some spices added so it can be sold as masculine :) anyone who can wear this can wear every single female perfume and smell better!!


guys i recommend Ormonde man, instead of this ! 
It smelled decent at first spray but it just isn't for me. It smells like buble gum and metal. A grown man shouldn't wear this. Let me rephrase that. A refined man shouldn't wear this.
Fine fragrance that meets the purpose for which it was made: partying, that appeals to the masses, good behavior on the skin ... but I can not stand it. It's not the fact of being overcrowded, but become extremely cloying on my skin, and low-quality synthetic.

So sad, this was a perfume I loved many years ago and wanted to sample again - and I can't smell the beautiful peach and mossy notes at all. It just smells like wet towels. Or maybe it's my nose. But this is not at all lovely, in fact it is rather nauseating, and I feel so sorry for all the people who expect the former great classic scent and end up with this miserable parody.
I really want to like this. It doesn't smell at all how I expected. It has a lovely woody clove scent that i love, but I can't get around another prominent note that smells perfectly like freshly opened band aids. This is the edt version, so that might make a difference.

I tried this for the first time last Sunday.  I liked it at first.  It was earthy and fresh.  Then it dried down to "little old lady" smell.   It just didn't work for me.   However, My elderly mother and Aunt liked it
It's unfortunate...that I have to give this perfume a poor review based on reactions from women I know. Two took a sniff of it, one is obsessed with perfume, and immediately wrinkled noses and comments like "What the hell is that?" and "Smells like old ladies". I guarantee you 99.9% of women under 40 will not like this perfume. I'd highly recommend trying this out before deciding to purchase.

Bought this for the wife based on all the reviews and so thought it was going to be something amazing. But I couldn't wrong enough,Mitsouko smelt awful!! It smelt like an elderly women's wardrobe. Very strong and very flowery....its so strong it would knock out any bee in your area!!

I sampled this in a store and it was just unpleasant.  It had a peanut butter vibe under the peach notes which made me glad that it was sprayed on a card and not on my wrist.

Good God, what have they done to this once beautiful perfume?  This concoction is an abomination of its former self.  I had an older bottle for years that I would always return to, received a new one for a present that is so different it is nearly unrecognisable.  The cloyingly sickly sweet smell of vanilla off the new formulation is downright offensive, I actually had to wash it off and I have never had to do that before with perfume.  What was once one of my favourite scents is now dead and buried.  Don't bother buying this, just get a couple of vanilla pods and rub them around your neck, job done. 
I ordered a bottle of this over the internet, and thought it must have been a knock-off because it smelled so terrible on me. I gave it away, but have since tried it again at a department store to make sure it wasn't just a bad bottle, and it wasn't. There is something in the opening that reacts badly with my skin. After about 30 minutes it calms down, but still doesn't smell great. I had a bottle of Shalimar back in the early 80s and did not have a problem, so I am thinking it is something they have added to the newer formulations. The newer version is truly terrible on me and I cannot pick out anything on the pyramid that normally reacts that way with my skin. My friend asked me please not to stand too close...
Shalimar EdP opens with a astringent citrus accord of bergamot and lemon and then moves into a lovely vanilla scent.

When the incense arrives and melds with the vanilla the scent does become quite alluring.

Though as it evolves you begin to smell leather and civet which also mix's in with the incense in a unpleasant way. At this stage it starts to smell acrid like mothballs or bug spray.

The scent is complex and has many facets of development with floral notes adding to the above notes. 

I like some elements of the fragrance like the vanilla and incense. But what kills my interest is the dated mothball/bugspray like accord coming from the civet and incense.
Shalimar is unequivocally the most cloyingly sweet, baroque perfume on the market today. Some old fragrances become classic standards that are timeless. Others survive by being "a name" in popular culture. The overwhelmingly sickening sweet synthetic vanilla and talcum powder of Shalimar that projects and punches EVERYBODY within 20 feet of the wearer (literally) is actually indecent and offensive. Goes beyond a statement. Beyond boldness. Beyond good taste. I can't think of another fragrance that is so overpowering that I'd have to tell someone I can't stand to be near them. Long after escaping the vicinity of a  Shalimar cloud, it's all you can smell. Your battered olfactory senses causing a headache and thoughts of "does this meal smell like Shalimar?" or "have they cleaned this restroom with Shalimar?" and so on. The domineering pervasiveness is actually rude then.

I've tried to enjoy Shalimar for its smell.  And its history.  And its importance.  And its benchmark status.  But no.  I'm afraid I think Shalimar smells gross.  That's not to say it isn't important and possibly a great perfume.  But I still think it smells gross.

Lately, I've been sampling the EDT, which is heavy on the baby powder and talc, fuzzy with lavender and a weird plasticky musk that smells like a diaper, as well as a realistic musk that smells like baby poo.  And there's vanilla, too.

I prefer the EDT because it focuses on the powdery aspects, letting the poopy diaper fade into a powdery spiced vanilla, which is the smell for most of the day.  

I've also tried the extrait, which highlights the poopy diaper musks and is just terrifying.

Oh well, I've given Shalimar MANY chances, and I get why people love it, but I just don't want to walk around smelling like a poopy diaper sprinkled with vanilla and cinnamon in a cloud of baby powder.  Maybe I'm losing snob points, but I'm fine with that...
Oh Dear Lord, Smells like FLY Spray :(after reading the background to this Fragrance and that of the good reviews I decided to try some of this on to check to see if was all that of the hype some people give this Fragrance. I was looking to give it to my Daughter for Christmas if it was good. I had imagined myself telling my daughter about the story behind the fragrance etc too but when I sprayed this on my arm, oh dear lord.. I nearly fainted... they didn't have any of the EDP so I used the EDT... my MRS didn't like it either, she thought it was horrible... it smelt like fly spray.. non the less, it was now on me so I watched if throughout the afternoon and into the evening.. it powdered down a lot better after an hour but still with that faint smell of fly spray in with the powder... it lasted very well, 8 hrs +... but hell, would you want it on you for that long? very disappointed :(Pros: dries down nicer than original burstCons: Smells like Fly Spray"
Disgusting and intrusive. 
I'm definitely in the minority here but I don't like this fragrance.  When Shalimar is mentioned I hear perfect, classic, wonderful.  When I try it all I get is vanilla, plastic, and dead cat.  What am I doing wrong, folks?  

One of the ugliest, most pervasive scents known to man, next to cat pee.

The staying power is, of course, excellent.
I dont quite like it. I blind-bought it because it was oh-so praised here on basenotes. That was a mistake. It  smells pretty much like joss sticks and reminds me of red-light-establishements (thou ive never been in one :). As KatiePuckrikSmells stated in her YouTube-Review the smell was considered "a perfume with a bad reputation" and that "there are three things a "Lady" never did [..], wear shalimar", this is pretty much spot on. Its not western-classy but oriental-brothelesque.. thumbs down.

Now unrecognisable as the classic I remember from the 1970s. Weak with poor sillage and longevity and on me it smells like an old-fashioned tin of lemon scented wax polish. Not an unpleasant scent if you want to smell (faintly) like the furniture.
This review is of the EDT.
I sprayed this on paper at a Sephora and LOVED the retro-opening so I also sprayed the back of my hand.  I picked up a bottle and was going to purchase it as another customer was asking the attendant about men's fragrances she could purchase for her husband.  I mentioned Eau Sauvage and said "here, smell this".  She turned up her nose and said she didn't like it.  I re-sniffed it on my hand and it smelled like someone smeared feces on me.  I said "ew" -- she said "YEAH".  I put the bottle back and got a sample that I tried a few weeks later -- SAME RESULT -- lemon-POOP / Lemon-Feces / Lemon-DooDoo.
Do you like wearing limonate ? This a scent for you ,but not for me !
The rosemary hit first with a trace of citrus that wasn't specifically lemon. The petitgrain and basil lead through to a clean, but not soapy, vetiver finish with a nice sun-warmed skin character. When I say vetiver this was more of the airy spicy side than the green plant matter aspect. 
Overall, a clean yet masculine aroma that conjures the meeting of plants and seas. . My wife complimented on it almost immediately, describing it as "beachy" smell. 
While I acknowledge this fragrance just may not have worked with my chemistry, down-thumbed this Dior classic because it was seemingly only detectable wet. After 20 minutes the show was over, and at an hour it was undetectable. Such a shame. Be sure and test it with your skin and consider the "extreme" version. 
Loved, loved, loved this concoction back in the '80's and for some unexplained reason, I stopped wearing it.  Fast forward to 2016.  Received a 'new' bottle as a gift and became immediately ecstatic.  Yes...the same honest lemon note...the clean, fresh aura that I had remembered from years gone by.  End of story.  No longevity.  No sillage.  Quel dommage.  Now it sits on my fragrance shelf only to be used when the outside temperatures reach a sad over 90* roasting point only to enjoy for the 20 minutes or so after applying.  I understand that the reformulation (God, how I hate that word!) has undergone the surgical removal of oakmoss.  Is that the key to this horrific transformation?  Whatever.  It is still delightful for about 10 minutes but fails to deliver as I remember, from the past. But...a ray of sunshing...I truly enjoy the new magnetic cap...sort of ends there.  
I ordered a sample based on countless positive reviews, but unfortunately I was disappointed. This sickly-sweet cologne is reminiscent of something you'd find in an elderly person's garage sale. 

I give credit to the people that can rock this scent confidently, but it's not me. 

After reading all the positive reviews, I ordered a sample vial for 5 bucks.  This morning I sprayed two sprays on my wrist to test.  When I was in my car 5 minutes later, I could no longer smell it!  I sprayed 2 more sprays on the same wrist, again gone in under 5 minutes!  I could get a faint sniff of it, if i buried my nose in my wrist.  I dont know if I received a fake sample or what, but Ive had farts that lingered longer than this.

Well, I'm sure this has got worse over time. I remember it being extremely popular back in the 90s, no doubt due to that period of CK marketing when they could do no wrong. And there were some good scents, to be sure. However, this is now the smell of fresh laundry. And to be sure, there's a place for fresh laundry. But ... well, you can fill in the rest for yourselves. 
Whatever reformulation Coty or whoever owns Calvin Klein fragrances has done willfully and successfully killed this fragrance. Vintage bottles are going over $100 online and I can't stand to pay retail for a true branded bottle that smells like a knock-off. Someone should pay dearly for messing up this fragrance.
I'm sure it's been reformulated, but I can't stand this one anymore. Definitely bitter/sour scent. I couldn't even wear it because I hated the scent. Gave my bottle away to Goodwill.
Current drugstore formulation is a cut-down, outdated sour concoction.  Stay away no matter the price.
Desperately bad on every level. Basically a musky citrus-lavender fragrance smelling like a fizzy warm burp after drinking cheap Limoncello. Deadly everlasting persistence. Gross and discomforting.

4/10
A few years ago, in the nascent stages of my interest in fragrances, I purchased a Calvin Klein sampler that included 0.5 oz bottles of Obsession, Euphoria, Eternity Aqua, and Eternity.  While I instantly fell in love with Obsession and labeled Euphoria and Eternity Aqua boring but wearable, I disliked Eternity from the beginning.  I knew nothing about synthetic ingredients or olfactory pyramids then.  All I knew was that I didn't like how it smelled in the bottle and that it was the near opposite of what I wanted to smell like.  It was bland and I remember thinking that it smelled like someone who didn't know what they wanted. Watery and slightly feminine--but not in a lovely, desirable way--but decidedly made for men.  I tried wearing it twice but scrubbed it off after a few minutes.

Now, I know that it's a light fougere.  That it inspired a generation of generic fragrances based on the "lavender top notes, citrus/green/floral top-to-mid notes, sandalwood/vetiver/amber base notes" formula. That it is still widely used and that it really is just as boring as I originally thought.  That I got ripped off and should have just bought a bottle of Obsession instead of the sampler with three other bottles of juice that I have not worn in years.

Don't get me wrong, it doesn't stink.  It smells clean in a vague synthetic way.  I'm sure that it is an acceptable smell for many older men or even younger conservative ones.  It's just not for me nor is it a good fit for those who are looking for something unique.  Something that makes a statement.

Rather than being called Eternity, it should have been called Conformity.  
Genre: Fougère

Eternity is as close to “generic” a men’s fragrance I’ve smelled in a while. The composition is so bland, so faceless, that I’m not sure I can describe it in terms of notes and ingredients. Etermity’s top notes are a vague, undifferentiated citrus (dihydromyrcenal?) and Calone, as blatantly chemical as any store brand shower gel, and its core smells like the lowest common denominator of every stereotypical “fresh” fruity-aquatic fougère since Cool Water. Ideally, any scent so little distinguished from its peers in terms of composition should exhibit outstanding quality to justify purchase. Eternity for Men does nothing of the sort. It’s not only trite, but shoddy to boot. Not worth another line of text.

Very blah! Not a fan at all...
Hard to like and hard to dislike.  Eternity starts out smelling like a nice green fern that is pleasant but it gets very synthetic and irritating as it settles into a synthetic mess of lavender, moss and vetiver.  You can see what Dinand was trying to do but the cheap materials ruin the batch.  Now that it's been rejuiced to lessen the Oak Moss load, it's practically unwearable.  In place of Eternity for Men, I'd recommend getting Lancôme's Miracle Homme L'Aquatonic or Esencia Loewe.

4/10
Eternity by Calvin Klein	While the fresh soapy opening and lavendar mid notes are appealing, it dries down into a typical woody spicy fragrance that is rather typical and dated.  Still some people will really like this, but us fragrance snobs have been treated to much better options out there.
I can't stand it... It gives me headache... still is...
I felt compelled to add my review of this in answer to the "no woman dislikes this fragrance" reviews. 

Well, this woman dislikes this fragrance. It starts off pleasingly enough with a nice fresh herbal, but those notes run for the exit immediately, leaving only a synthetic, unpleasantly aquatic soap smell behind. No masculinity, absolutely no sex appeal. Actually, I'd prefer Irish Spring on him. At least it's honest.

The only way I could enjoy this on my husband is if I stand next to him in the morning while he sprays it on and then leaves the house for the next eight hours. Yes, on him, it has shocking longevity.

Unfortunately, I think I'm the only one that feels this way. He always gets lots of compliments when he wears it.


A clean smelling fougere, in the way soap scum is clean.
I get the fresh green thing they were going for, but I can't get past the soapy smell.  If I just catch a whiff I get the lavender herbal wood, but it soon is dominated by soap.
Soapy and unnatural cheap fragrance.
I've never been a fan of any CK fragrance...  Let's get that straight.  IMO Eternity has been the most popular and well received fragrance out of the house according to the general public.  However, since I'm giving it a thumbs down that should tell you how I feel about it as well as CK's other concoctions.  Simply put Calvin Klein's Eternity isn't well received in my world.  It's generic smelling, boring, I imagine myself wearing this if I want to watch paint dry.  What I get out of this is a very subtle floral with some faint woods in the drydown.  I find that the longevity and projection on me are bare minimal.  Does this fragrance garner female compliments?  Yes.  Does it receive compliments because women have been overexposed to this due to its price tag and years on the market?  Most definitely.  If you are wearing this to attract women then stop.  If you are wearing this because your partner enjoys it then fine.  My suggestion is to sample some newer fragrances because IMO any current day fragrance blows this stuff out of the 80s and into a garbage can.

Longevity: 6 I get 6 hours tops.
Projection: 6 This one is meant for closer contact IMO.  
Compliments: 7 There are several women that I know of that enjoy this.
Smell: 4 This just does nothing for me.

Overall: 5.8 out of 10
Bitter citrus opening that got worse after the top notes wore off...One of the few frangrances that I had to wash off soon after application.
I was going to blind buy this, I'm so glad I didn't. I was surprised how much I disliked this after reading so many positive reviews. Mostly I get a sharp syrupy grape candy smell which I couldn't wait to wash off. Many reviewers seem to have nostalgic memories attached to this fragrance but not me..I didn't even sample it until recently. No my cup of tea at all. 
One of my least favorite scents.  This was ridiculously popular when I was in my teens (I am showing my age a bit here) and I did not like it back then even though I, like everyone else had a bottle (gotten as a gift).  Now many, many years later I still find myself cringing at even the thought of smelling this scent again as it was so loud, popular and over applied by most everyone I came in contact with.  There certainly are worse scents out there to be sure, but this one just has horrible memories for me associated with it, so I give it an easy "avoid" recommendation.  Polo Green was my other staple back then and I still like that one. 1 out of 5 stars for this turkey.
Washing your hands and face with Irish Spring soap will produce approximately the same result as spraying on Calvin Klein's Eternity.

Eternity also shares many similarities with Mugler Cologne. They could be brothers. 

Overall, I couldn't get past my association of this scent with the soap or cleaning products used in public restrooms, perhaps at a mid- to upscale restaurant. 

It's a fresh, clean scent, but in an industrial kind of way. Something you might expect poured out of a 50 gallon drum.

This is 1 of thee worst colognes I have ever smelt! It must be the basil & sage! Awful ingredients to add with the rest of the pyramid! I never liked this stuff. I wanted to forget all about it, till I was just recently visiting a friend & he had some so I said let me c whats going on with this?! BIG MISTAKE! Some stones should b left unturned! 
Lemongrass, Lavender and Citronella with a dry down like deep woods Off insect repellent. I wanted to like this cologne. It was a gift from my wife and we had been exploring different frags. We both liked Obsession and had talked about the other CK frags so she gave me Eternity. This is my first fourgere so perhaps I am just not a fan of this type of perfume but to my nose this stuff is insect repellent. It burns my nostrils, waters my eyes, and has a bitterness to it not masked by the washsoap hint of lavender. It smells not so much of the deep woods and a spring day, as it does of camping trips full of mosquitos. 
Just tried this on myself for the first time and it immediately answered the question of what I had smelled so many times long ago that stunk so bad.Artificial grape candy and a headache. Very strong and permeating. I can only imagine it could be pleasant in faint wafts on a very strong breeze.
What are you talking about? something you saw in it, i didn't see.No Storng, No good last, No Spicy.Sweet, light, and something that i think it's sutable for females.
Received this as a gift. Light and "sexy", but synthetic and stuffy. Only frag to ever give me a headache. Good projection, but poor longevity. Rumored to have been changed in recent years: if so, would have liked to smell the original composition. For a very young crowd (high-school to early twenties, if that), but personally wouldn't recommend to anyone. Too strong, too outdated.   

"My mechanic eats cookies in bed!" I'm bemused by this perfumer's attachment to sweets.  This one whomps you over the head with a coconut, or more accurately, a gallon jug of Mounds-Bar filling, thinly underlain with lemon. Over time, the coconut remains, with spices supplanting the lemon.  

Like other Kerosene fragrances, this one poses the question: where is the line between a perfume and a good smell?  If I enjoy the smell of my Trinidadian neighbor's curries, why wouldn't I want to smell like that?   


