Maison Francis Kurkdjian Oud Satin Mood (2015) is a real love-hate for me, but love just edges it out thankfully. Up front I need to say that this isn't really an oud fragrance, at least not after the first 30 minutes or so, but with a title like "Oud Satin Mood", we can chalk it up to oud just being part of the equation in a larger composition. One thing is for certain: this fragrance is indeed a "mood" unto itself, and garners attention with the way it transitions to that mood in the end. All of the "mood" fragrances in the oud range of MFK are designed to use the custom synthetic oud accord Kurkdjian has created (with maybe a touch of the real thing) in a novel way, while the original eponymous Maison Francis Kurkdjian Oud (2012) showcases the accord on its own. I wasn't a fan of the oud by itself, but the way he uses it here really works, with a few hangups that almost break the deal for me. The "she loves me, she loves me not" way this scent dries down is really saved by sheer kismet of what the scent finally lands on when finished developing. Had things been reversed and the recessive notes been dominant instead, this would have been a very different review. I'm not 100% sure if this is intentional by Kurkdjian himself, but at least it means Oud Satin Mood is a niche scent by design if nothing else. 

The opening of Oud Satin Mood is a brief flirtation with violet, and I do mean brief; if you blink, you might miss it. The synthetic oud and rose forms the core for the next 25 minutes or so of the wear. MFK lists two different types of rose, similar to what he did with the previous year's À la Rose (2014), but from what I can tell this is just a sweet powdery rose soap note that sorta buries the scratchy cola oud vibe of his custom accord. To me this is actually a good thing, because I really enjoy a powdery old-school almost "Victorian" rose soap kind of treatment, and I'm not big on MFK's oud accord so less of it is better to me. The rose does teeter a bit on being too prim, but the next phase sees to a corrective course. Amber and vanilla, both things Kurkdjian is very familiar with by now, make up the base of this. Some say these two destroy Oud Satin Mood's credibility as an oud fragrance, and I say it never had any so who cares? For me, the sweet vanilla actually helps keep both the scratchy oud and potentially scratchy amber in check, rounding out the dry down as romantic if not a tiny bit sexy. Oud Satin Mood feels cozy and attractive for about 8 hours of good performance in this final form, but it's not for everyone. Avoid use in hot weather due to that prominent vanilla, or you'll be sorry. Oud Satin Mood reads mostly unisex but veers a bit feminine or at least telegraphs a certain demure feeling in its "satin mood" projection on the wearer.

What is Maison Francis Kurkdjian Oud Satin Mood? It's a fragrance that feels like it sounds, a soft satin robe that surrounds your nose. The usually abrasive synthetic oud and amber here is smoothed by a very feminine soapy/powdery rose accompanied by a sweet creamy vanilla that could have been cloying if dialed just a tad higher, but juxtaposed as it is, works really well. I'm not a huge fan of the giant marked leaps from heart to base, nor do I really like such a heavy slug of "Dove soap" rose running right up my nose for 30 minutes before the rest gets on, and I am also upset the violet note of the top plays peek-a-boo, but the final destination is very highly enjoyable. If that destination wasn't the 7 1/2+ hours total of the eight you'll be spending with this rich eau de parfum, I'd have drawn a different conclusion, so that's the saving grace. There is no getting around the $300 price for 70ml however, which is even higher than most MFK lines, so I wouldn't call this bang for buck either, but fans of the range or sweeter oriental rose treatments won't find much fault beyond the cost to enter the satin mood as presented by our maistro FK. Definitely worth exploring if you can find a good deal, but also not a real oud for oud connoisseurs. Thumbs up.
This is a stunningly beautiful fragrance that smells to my nose of Persian ice cream (Bastani Sonnati). It's usually vanilla ice cream with a lot of saffron sprinkled on it and drenched in rosewater. Well that's exactly how this fragrance smells, especially the vanilla and rosewater. I don't really smell any oud in it, but that's ok because it's incredible smelling anyway. It smells extremely elegant, and I feel this would be the perfect fragrance to wear with a tuxedo. Projection is subtle yet strong (not cloying at all throughout its duration); while it projects in this way for 4-5 hours and then lingers for many more hours as a skin scent (so great longevity overall). This is one of the best fragrances ever made and one of my favourites of all time; a true masterpiece.

5/5
Absolutely brilliant! WOW... Soft Rose, Subtle luxurious Oud, Creamy Vanilla- it is absolutely stunning! Performance, and projection are phenomenal. This is not an in your face, hello Oud- and that is what I love about it. This is sexy, seductive, mesmerizing come hither scent that leaves a trail meant to turn heads. Certainly more for fall, winter, and maybe some cooler spring nights. Surpassed my love of Maison Lancome Oud Bouquet (i think- no im sure)... Elegant, Rich, Truly unisex, truly beautiful!
My favorite of the Maison Francis Kukdjian Oud line, Oud Satin Mood is clearly the sweetest of the bunch, a rose/oud/vanilla combination that is delicate and slightly powdery without being decidedly feminine.

The dry down does become slightly resinous, lending credence to the benzoin note, but my experience of it is still dominated by vanilla in the dry down, even a couple hours into wearing it.  I enjoy the subtlety of the dry down itself, not a cloying vanilla or rose or resin, but rather a gentle combination with some powder.

I don't detect much violet in this at all, either in the opening or later in the fragrance's life, which is fine, as I'm not a big fan of violet.

Very strong on performance for an EDP (I wouldn't have been surprised if it were labeled "extrait" intsead).

Certainly this is geared for cold weather wearing, and probably leans toward formal / night use as opposed to casual / day use.

$300 for 70ml is certainly a steep retail price for an EDP, but it's at least appropriately less expanse than the $375-for-70ml price for the other extraits in the Oud/Mood line (Cashmere, Silk, Velvet).

It's different enough from the other prominent rose/oud mix that I have (Armani Prive Rose d'Arabie) that I'd give strong consideration toward buying it at retail cost.

8 out of 10
Straight form the beginning I get a lovely, not too dark Bulgarian rose, with a bunch of violets forming a well-balanced opening. A woodsy undertone, a seamlessly integrated melting oud note penetrates the floral foreground, and in this composition the oud is not brutally-synthetically in-your-face à la By Kilian's Rose Oud, nor is is very discreetly in the olfactoric undergrowth as in Creed's Royal Oud.  In other word - a well-integrated oud. 

The second phase - I only get two phases on my skin - turns sweeter, based in tonka and a light ambery impression, so this sweeter stage blends in well with the rose and the oud to gradually replace the original notes.  The sweetness is well-balanced, with at times a gourmand dessert proclivity, like a halva or a crème brûlée withough the burnt flavour.  Very nice. 

As far as the performance is concerned, the sillage is quite strong, the projection excellent, and I get seven hours of longevity on my skin.  A scent for winter days that are not too chilly, this is worth a try for those who like their oud clearly present and balanced but not too loud. 3.25/5. 
A beautiful rose and oud combo that is nose catching at first sniff. Not an earthy oud, so if you want that blast your nose with oud effect you will be disappointed. Longevity and projection are above average. The price is a little high, but this a very good fragrance nonetheless. I will be purchasing a bottle(or at least get a nice sized decant)of this gem ASAP. 8.5/10
Whereas previous Oud Moods have been punishing in their bombastic brutalism, Oud Satin Mood finally delivers a perfume that beckons to me.
It has a plush rich-as-halva rose and vanilla combo at its heart that is hard to resist. This accord is half high calorie gourmand and half powdery make up. It’s enlivened at the top by an energizing violet that blends beautifully into the emerging full-bodied but graceful oriental creation coming up behind.
The oud is not the main attraction here – and that’s a recommendation. Whereas MFK ouds have been stridently butch, peppery and synthetic-seeming, the construct used here is of the humid and warm variety, woody but without the screech normally associated with that descriptor in perfumery these days.
Oud Satin Mood is a buxom creature, but no wanton – its embrace is gentle and warm, but it won’t stick its tongue up your nose.

Oud Satin Mood by Maison Francis Kurkdijan is a big, fat Middle Eastern sweet, the kind that is doused in rose syrup, thickened with salep, aromatized with mastic, sprinkled with rosewater and pistachios, and then, finally, dusted with a thick layer or five of powdered sugar so thick your teeth leaves indents in it.

Which means, of course, that I love it.

How could I not? I live in a country so thoroughly marked by a Turkish occupation in the late 1500s that every second word in the food vocabulary is Turkish. And since Turkish cuisine is influenced also by high Persian cuisine, we have quite a few Persian words for food too. Lokum (Turkish delight), halva, tulumba (fried cakes doused in honey syrup), baklava, sutlias (rice pudding) and many, many others – well, you get the picture.

To be honest, I don’t like to eat that stuff – but I do love perfumes that are based on what they smell like.

To me, Oud Satin Mood is a real standout in the Middle Eastern "dessert" genre (if such a genre exists outside of my own head, that is). The opening smells like a thick jam of berries and rose petals stirred through a pot of condensed milk on the stove. We are preparing to make Kulfi here. As vanilla, milk, sugar, and rose petals are cooked down, the sugar and sweet milk combine to produce a sort of toffee-like note.

This sounds almost oppressively sweet, doesn’t it? But it’s not, I swear. There’s a shot of violet here too, which combined with the rose, injects the mixture with the powdery smell you get when you open a Chanel pressed powder compact. It smells, in short, like a Middle Eastern sweet crossed (and leavened with) a rich cosmetics powder accord. 

There is also a very faint backbone of oud, and although it’s very subtle, it adds a medicinal woodiness that keeps the sugariness of the vanilla-milk syrup and rose jam in check. At this stage, it smells like MFK’s original Oud got together with Chanel’s Misia and had a baby. In a Middle Eastern pastry shop.

Oh, and the sillage, baby, the sillage!……this one wafts across crowded bars and noisy parties. A perfume as opulent and as powdered as this demands a generous bosom from which to radiate. Could a man wear this? I don’t see why not, as long as the man in question likes deeply sweet, powdery fragrances. He will be missing the cleavage, though. This perfume needs the cleavage.

It gets a bit too monotonously sweet in the dry down. The oud and rose disappear leaving only the hefty vanilla-amber and violet-y powder to do the heavy lifting. I wonder, with the amber and violet, if this smells anything like the fabled Guet–Apens by Guerlain? I’ve never smelled it, so I don’t know. Maybe someone can report back.

Anyone who dislikes powder or very sweet vanillas and ambers might have a problem with this. For a while, I could have sworn there was both caramel and white musk in this, so powdery and syrupy-sweet was the dry down, but I can’t see it listed in the notes anywhere. It must be the amber.

It reminds me somewhat of the crumbly butter cookies I smell in the far dry down of Tocade, but maybe even more of the oppressively-thick musk and caramel dry down of Dame Perfumery’s Black Flower Mexican Vanilla, which represents my own personal line in the sand when it comes to powder and sweetness. In short, I love most of this perfume except for the final last gasps, where it gets a bit cloying.

The price is €306 for 70ml, which is a bit too rich for my blood and especially for a perfume where the oud note – real or synthetic as the case might be – is simply too subtle to justify the cost. But there’s no denying that this is a real bombshell of a perfume and a standout in the Middle Eastern sweet gourmand/oud genre.

White skin under a dark red velvet corset. A knife hidden near a pumping heart. Blood rushing in her ears. By no means will she spare them. Her mind sharp as the knife , her intentions dark but just ..... a lady who stands up for herself. No galantuomo needed. She is free and upright , no one will bend her 

A fragrance for a woman deciding her own destiny. Powerful , dark, refined , noble. Red rose , earthy tones and a glimpse of humour when a small raspberry allows a sneak peek on who she is when she is in a good mood. 
She can kill or caress ... up to you 
Opening blast is a volumtuous rich rose with a hint of sandalwood. The smell is very high-end and I've been surounded with this kind of scent cloud in posh areas of London with a rich Middle Eastern clientele.

The rose becomes jammy and fruity (raspberry/cranberry) and then quite soapy. There is also a green element. 

This is clearly the mother of any number of illegitimate fruittychoulli scents. It brought Lancome LA vie est belle to my mind and (surprise suprise) it's the same nose.

Unlike many males on BN I don't find POAL easy for a man to pull off, it's decidedly feminine in scent and theme and has inspired too many other common feminines. It does have the quality rose smell of so many expensive rose-Oud combos and perhaps that is why many males feel comfortable with it. For me there is no counterpoint to the dominant rose to bring it back to a unisex center-ground.

Performance is really good which may make one feel a little self conscious if not 100% comfortable with the theme.
Overall 80/100 as a feminine perfume but not necessarily safe for to use as a unisex. A viable male alternative might be Diptyque Oud Palaou
What is there to say about this fragrance that hasn't already been said? This a stunning masterpiece of a fragrance that you owe it to yourself as a fraghead to try. Deep, rich, smoky, sensual, fruity, dry, sweet, creamy, soft - PoaL covers almost all the bases. The combination of rose and patchouli - tried and true - is enriched by glowing incense, creamy sandalwood, autumnal spices, and a photorealistic raspberry note (so real that you can smell the tannins in the seeds). It is intoxicating, it is full-bodied, it is exotic, it is powerful, it is perfume with a capital P. This is what you wear when you want to make a statement, when you want to impress, when you want to stand out from the crowd and make everyone smell you. Simply put, one of the best rose fragrances ever made.
Portrait of a Lady? Okay, sure, whatever you say, Mr. Ropion. Maybe if that lady was a former headshop hippie from 1975 who goes on to become a rock star, part Stevie Nicks, part Steven Tyler, while regularly atoning for her sins at Catholic Mass every Sunday.

Dark but never heavy, fruity but also funky, with a luminous, clove-y rose that holds it all together. Probably one of my top-ten favorite scents of all time.
Beautiful. Easily distinguishing rose, patchouli, clove, and incense. I was worried about this one, because I generally am not a big fan of incense forward frags. This has a proper amount in it as to not overpower the rest of the composition. The patchouli gives it an earthy greenness, while the berries prop up the jammy-ness of the rose in the opening. Its performance is big all around. The cloves here bring the rose down to a more masculine place, though I'm not sure its quite there for me. I get something that makes me think aldehydes, but I see it nowhere. Really well blended, there are no hard edges.

I'm going thumbs up here for quality, and because it is labeled as a feminine fragrance to start with.  The biggest detractor is the unwieldy cost, which is not enough to drop its rating.  
Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle sits somewhere between Creed and L'Artisan Parfumeur in terms of prestige and creative freedom. On one hand, Frédéric Malle fancies himself a creative director and "ghost writer" alongside the perfumers he chooses to work with him, guiding them to something that fits both his vision and theirs, but on the other, he also plays up the exclusivity of his label and cost of materials to rake in the cash from naive nouveau-riche. For this reason, scents like Portrait of a Lady (2010) receive both fervent praise from perfumistas enamored with the label's showcasing of perfumer's talent with an uncapped budget, and also derision from hardcore hobbyists that know the same relative quality can be had even within niche realms for half the cost. I could easily name a half dozen rose scents in the same heady, dark, rich vein as this, but there's no point in cutting this off at the kneecaps for being a more expensive alternative to them, since it's all relative to the budget of the onlooker anyway, and who's to say the same person can't both enjoy a $10 bottle of Tea Rose (1972) and a $340 bottle of Portrait of a Lady? What is in effect presented here is a Turkish rose wrapped in spice and incense. The stuff is sold as a feminine perfume but draws parallels to male-oriented rose scents thus is worn by quite a few guys too. The name comes from the Henry James novel of 1881, and focuses on creating the scent worn by the Victorian-era heroine Isabel Archer, which is said to be of dark roses. 

Portrait of a Lady opens with plenty of Turkish rose, and fans of Aramis Perfume Calligraphy Rose (2013) or Amouage Lyric Man (2008) already know where this is headed. This isn't a sweet damask rose nor a leafy tea rose like many of it's ilk, but shrouds a deep red rose head note in black currant and raspberry, both darker fruits. The middle notes of cinnamon, clove, and patchouli, give this a spicy and earthy rounding of the rose's edges, before the woodsy aromachemical base of sandal, benzoin, ambroxan, and incense finish it off. The weakest link here, especially for a scent so expensive, is the reliance on the "Kmart Blue Light Special" aspects of ambroxan, which link this back to trendy high-end designer scents that folks who love Frédéric Malle will likely scoff at, raising monocle to eye and turning up nose past their hairline uttering "how so very dare you" in a nasal transatlantic "lockjaw" accent. Well screw those folks, I don't mind the drydown at all, and anyone who enjoys anything from the larger niche houses these days should likely expect a few popular aromachems here or there anyway, and if it matters that much, there are plenty of one-person operations and tiny artisinal perfumers making scents purely from raw materials that can hand you a comparable rose to this without the ambroxan scratch in the finish. After the scent finishes developing, what is left behind is that Turkish rose, some patchouli, clove, incense, and  nondescript woods with musky underpinnings. Longevity is good, but like most rose scents, this will dominate whatever shirt you're wearing while it's on your skin, lingering hours after, so definitely wash said garment afterwards. I like Portrait of a Lady but for me, I don't think it's nearly $400 good, and with what is effectively a sample sprayer costing as much as a 50ml of Chanel, even smaller sizes are not much of a value. I must note that this is one of the more expensive Frédéric Malle scents, and not all of them are the same price, so don't dismiss the house based on this one review, please.

Portrait of a Lady is a success in what it sets out to be: an olfactory representation of a fictional perfume from a character pulled out of a novel made in a bygone era. As wearable perfume in the modern day, Portrait of a Lady does feel a tad more masculine than feminine with it's portrayal of rose, even if that portrayal is pretty in line with what passed for rose fragrances in the late 19th century, sans the ambroxan of course, because they'd have real ambergris in that 'mutha if it was made then. I'd recommend better dark roses before this one, but Dominique Ropion does a noble job of the task at hand, it's just this kind of thing has already existed for a while before it came around, so in the very large world of rose scents, it had a lot of stiff competition, like Tom Ford's Noir de Noir (2007) for example. Portrait of a Lady is best in mid-climates like spring, fall, or indoors just about any time, with a spicy romantic flair that makes it unsuitable for the office to me, but your opinion may be different. I think a dry leather note or maybe something green might have added enough austerity to sober this up for the professional environment, but as it stands, this is just a tad closer to the smell of the "fallen women" or male "fops" of the Victorian era than anyone trying to be presentable. Thumbs up for quality and performance, but with trepidation do I suggest this one, since it isn't even the best of it's lot and the cost makes it a bit prohibitive to explore without sampling for yourself. Luckily, this one is pretty common at most upscale department stores, so that shouldn't be too tricky! A nice and spicy unisex rose scent, just not for the unwashed masses, to be sure. 
Lasts for about 14 hours, the last of which as skin scent, pretty powerful rose and incense combo, very unisex and not just for ladies, it has a kinky and very dark vibe, one of the best outings fro Malle for some serious sillage it takes some serious spraying!



A lady indeed.  I got a musty, smoldering spice of a rose in the beginning.  If I inhaled deeply I smelled a teeny tiny bit of raspberry.  Settling down, it became a dry tinder pile of incense and patchouli.  A musky amber finishes this off with nary a nod to benzoin.  
Every time I tried it on I get different ideas. This perfume is a Rubik's cube, my dumb brain can only work out one face at a time.

The most current version I got is: vivid rose blast at opening, accompanied by something strongly reminiscent of oud(incense?), with some sort of spicy animalistic undertone. A panther hide in rose bushes. If I get close enough, there is a soothing aspect of aldehyde. 

The rose, thankfully, doesn't have the indolic feel as in Une Rose, possibly due to some fruity softener that I couldn't tell. My skin stays a battlefield between army of red rose and slightly pungent musk. After an hour or so, rose is utterly defeated and the musk decimated, a vast land of patchouli finally reveal itself.

If it really is a portrait of a certain lady, then it's the portrait of Rebecca, the devious and charming mistress of Manderley.
Portrait of a Lady is now called "Portrait of a King embracing his Lady!!

...WOW, what a fragrance!!!

Floral, because of the Rose and spices; but also, slightly woodsy from the Patchouli and Sandalwood. 

In the end, you are going to get a beautiful creamy, yet rose combined spice fragrance that is dry and incensey! Lovely!

Performance: 10/10
Silage: 10/10
Longevity: 10/10
Overall: 10/10

[Update: I didn't have to sell myself to get this :o); got a 1.7oz for a really good deal! new-$135]
Fantastic projection, fantastic longevity. Perhaps bit too much floral. Only the second cologne that I tried that last until I was in the gym the next morning. Although not quite my fragrance definitely has a lot to have any protection. 
I've been putting off writing a review of POAL for ages, because I've had difficulty putting into words what makes it special, and also why I don't care much for it.  

In terms of smell, at its core, it's a fruitchouli, that mix of berries and rose and patchouli that comes together to smell like rich flowery fruity jam.  It throws in some saffron to give it a leathery oud feel, and goes further by adding some sandalwood in tribute to a classic sandalwood/rose attar.

What makes it special is twofold.  First, while most perfumes of this type use cheap fake rose (because it's easy to get away with hiding it behind all the strong ingredients), POAL uses a large amount of upfront real rose, which is the main reason this is considered the best of the genre.  Second, as explained wonderfully in jtd's review, there's a high-performance sheen to POAL that's remarkable.  Rose usually fades in a couple of hours, but somehow POAL's rose shines brightly and unwaveringly for days.  The whole perfume has nuclear longevity thanks to a combination of masterful chemistry and a high budget, which is simply unmatched elsewhere. 

Given all this, I have no choice but to give POAL a thumbs up, but I just don't like it that much.  The top-of-its-class longevity actually makes it kind of boring to me - I would have enjoyed a slow descent from rose to sandalwood, but instead it just sits there, glowing brightly with its changes happening too slowly to be appreciated.  Also, I just don't like fruitchoulis very much, so even the best isn't going to win me over.

Anyway, thumbs up, of course.  This is one of those perfumes you should know.
La belle ferronnière by  Leonardo da Vinci
I was looking for a fresh, green rose, which this definitely is not, but I've quickly become addicted to this unique scent.

To me, it smells like a rich, slightly tart, spicy rose syrup, with a firm, edgy hit of sharp ginger. There's no ginger in the notes, so it's probably a combination of red fruit and other spices that gives me this impression. Over time, the scent develops a more loukoum like character, with a dense, but transparent, jelly-like consistency. Throughout its development, this scent manages to perfectly balance acidity, sweetness, and sharpness. To me, it's a very edible rose, which is quite extraordinary because rose is a difficult flavor to successfully pull off in food.

Half a sample in, I strongly feel like I don't want to live without it. Its longevity is unbelievable, and one of the best things about this scent is that its character remains fully intact over time. Smelling it on my clothing the second day it's almost as strong, vibrant and sparkling as when I first sprayed it on.

It's prohibitively expensive, but well worth the money.
This one has been my signature scent ever since it's launch. Occasionally in a fickle moment I apply a different fragrance but I feel like an adulterous woman cheating on a sweet hearted lover.

I've just tried Dans tes Bras hoping to wean myself away from my beloved POAL but sadly, no deal.DTB is like an icicle, cold and soulless. POAL is like sinking into a soft feather bed at the end of a hard and tiring day. It is woven into my being I'm sure. 

This is a fragrance that either works for you or it doesn't and sadly for me, given it's price, this is my perfect partner.
The rose and patchouli pairing is such a good fit that it seems like proof of fate. It’s been the basis for a range of leathery, ambery, woody and mossy perfumes spanning woody-floral, chypre and oriental genres. The Malle PR boasts that Ropion used surpassing doses of rose essence and patchouli coeur, a fractionated patchouli. Fractionated naturals are botanical materials that have been separated into their constituent parts by chemical and physical processes, especially molecular distillation, and edited to remove undesirable traits.

Around the time of Portrait’s launch more and more of these ‘tidied up’ botanicals were becoming available. Well understood materials like vetiver, cedar and patchouli saw their challenging attributes reduced or removed, leaving frictionless, blissful versions of the materials. They were sanded, polished and lacquered. Aroma materials manufacturers were pushing their hot new high-tech, stripped-down botanicals. They were an easy sell. They used a version of the best-of-all-worlds tactic to sidestep the endless botanical vs synthetic debate. They are ‘natural’ and therefore good but they have also been made better through chemistry and are therefore contemporary.

Used thoughtfully, fractionated botanicals allowed a measured, precise tailoring of olfactory effects. Unfortunately they also made their way into some simplistic compositions that smelled like ‘easy listening’ perfumes. The niche and mainstream markets of the time were top-heavy with a glut of radiant, synth-woody fragrances. Many perfume buyers had become accustomed to judging the quality of a perfume by how closely it approximated the properties of woody amber materials. These scrubbed versions of botanical materials matched the tone created by woody ambers. An entire fumie cohort was conditioned to respond to the ‘clarity’ of the new generation of fractionated botanicals.

Distillation of materials is not new to perfumery by any means. The recent emphasis on fractionating well-understood botanical aroma-materials stems from the attempt to dissect IFRA-designated toxic materials such as lavender, lemon and the notoriously virulent tea leaf and remove their noxious bits. Think of a fraction as a potent material that has undergone an exorcism.

***

Rose and patchouli have complementary facets that fit like a lock and key and have strong synergy. The camphorous chill of patchouli acts like an astringent to rose, keeping it from settling into the dull beauty that an uninspired rose perfume can have. Rose’s berry notes become wine-like and boozy when paired with patchouli. Resinous materials give rose a honeyed drawl and musk keeps the bloom on the rose. Camphor, berry notes, musk and amber are the olfactory attributes emphasized in coeur de vetiver and Ropion uses them along with incense, benzoin and god only knows what else to create the durable accords that allow Portrait of a Lady to last for days. It is classically Ropion in that rich natural materials and potent synthetics are focussed on the same goal: coherence. The perfume’s sillage and forcefulness hint at potent synthetics. Happily, though, the ear-ringing, gut-churning feeling I associate with over-reliance on particular synthetics to give radiance and endurance is nowhere to be found. Portrait of a Lady showcases Ropion’s exceptional capacity to calibrate synthetics toward specific compositional ends while avoiding their side-effects.

Since 2010 when it was released, Portrait of a Lady has come to stand toe-to-toe with an equally imposing patch-rose, Aromatics Elixir. While AE dominates the mossy/chypre side of the rose-patch hoards, The Lady has become the standard against which woody and oriental side of the rose family is compared. Rose-oud as well. It’s a perfume that begs to be described in superlatives and worn with abandon.
I chased down a lady three blocks away to ask the name of her perfume. Enormous sillage on that windy day. Ever since, this has been on my top five. Opens with quieter peppery spices. Then the most velvety sumptuous rose incense shows through with some fruity sweetness. Its rosy benzoin and sandalwood drydown is sensuous. It is bright and it is dark. Beautiful from beginning to the end. Exceptional longevity.
I really don't know how unisex this is, but I do know that it's beautiful and I love smelling it on my own skin.  Without getting into the notes, which others are far more capable of doing than I, my impression of this beauty is like this; if Montale's Black Oud was Bruce Jenner and he had a sex change and transformed into Scarlett Johanssen, then Portrait of a Lady would be the result.  As a man, you'd have to be pretty sure of yourself to wear this.
Delicate green fruity floral opening, lightly powdery. Sweet, powdery, and restrained. Rose and patchouli in elegant harmony - old fashioned scent. Reminds me of lilac. Eastern Orthodox church incense. Sophisticated but grounded - mature. It's lightness and elegance brings Japanese perfume to mind. As it dries down the incense comes more to the fore with a bit of a dirty, earthy note (like a centuries old Buddhist temple) in the background. Dries down after a couple of hours to a pale, earthy floral.
Great take on rose. Took me a couple of wears to appreciate it. Smells like the Indian 'paan'. Wish it was cheaper. 
I'm a fan of this one. One of my favorites from the Malle line. Fantastic, musty, sweet, powdery rose, done as an approachable unisex perfume, with good performance.
Portrait of a Lady is the first Frederic Malle I've tried and a rose seemed like a fitting way to introduce me to line---POAL is a very nice fresh rose with patchouli and cinnamon. It's slightly fruity, as well, though not with, say, the same sweet jammyness of Rose Flash or other sweeter rose fragrances.  It leans further to the fresh and slightly spicy, rather.

To me, it's very good but not great; a like but not a love.  But I imagine this largely depends on individual body chemistry.  I wouldn't argue that POAL is very unique or special, but it walks the unisex line very effectively, as this could be surely flattering on both a man and woman.

Projection and longevity are both decent, but at $250 for 50ml and $365 for 100ml, I can't imagine opting for this.  There are many cheaper, better rose options that I would recommend first (Rose Flash, Une Rose de Kandahar, even Noir de Noir or Cafe Rose).  Still, some might find it to be much more pleasant than the other so I think it's worth trying.

7 out of 10
oh...this is good. Really good. 

I'm in trouble. I never knew rose could be so violently complex yet so sweet and comforting. It is the whole rose composed, thorns and all. I feel its sting, yet the velvety smooth petals bring me so much joy. This is the BDSM of fragrance. 

The blending of the patchouli is a dance of push and pull - like a sensual mating dance. The rose plays hide-and-seek with the patchouli and it's a mystery as to when and why one appears and one doesn't. 

The sandalwood lays low, but it not quite demure. It makes me smile even as I type this review. It's a lovely balance. Perfect. 

Certainly, this is an expensive fragrance, but one that is most worthy of a full bottle. 
The core note is the rose, a medium-dark but neither heavy nor overly brooding rose on my skin.  It is if high quality and very convincing.  

Still in the opening ohase an gently peppery incense note is added, and this now is like a dark cloud mixing with the as such very balanced rose, but on me this is still not overwhelmingly dark but retains an admirable balance of lightness, richness and depth. Furthermore, a restrained cinnamon together with a forest berry mix - blackcurrant mainly - provides a fruity undertone, not sweet but resulting in a lovely twist.   A classic balance, whilst maintaining a good structure.  This is a great rose-centred delight.

As gas as the base is concerned, it does not keep up with the sophisticated and complex first half of this creation. More linear, flatter and mainly an ambroxan impression with a generic light musk and a somewhat pedestrian soft patchouli added in. Fortunately the components of the earlier phase spill over into the base at times, such as to make it more interesting.  I do not get any wood note worth mentioning. 

The performance is very good with moderate sillage, good projection and eight hours of longevity. 

My conclusion is that this had the potential to become a truly great creation that has been downgraded by its second-rate base notes, but overall it still warrants a positive score.  Great in spring or on warmer autumn days.  3.5/5
First of all: kudos to Dominique Ropion for creating this masterful rose scent. Its absolutely beautiful and very powerful. While I don't see any comparison with the perfumes noted above, if I had to compare it to another scent I'd say it's like Cruel Intentions by Kilian on steroids. As a side note: when I first tried out the FM line, I hoped to fall in love with Ellena's poetic contributions - ironically I ended up falling for the "not so subtle" PoaL.

While I am not a huge fan of the opening, once the initial incense blast dies down the rose and incense find a perfect balance. From this point on until the morning after (if you wish - this one has beastly performance) a fruity rose dances with incense and patchouli in perfect harmony. I find this scent very attractive which surprises me as I usually shy away from rose centred fragrances. If I had to make an educated guess I'd attribute the appeal of PoaL to the berry accord and masterful blending.
Salutation.

Portrait of a femme fatale.this is one of the most amazing and magnificent niche scents that i've ever come across.this fragrance is a head turner.it leaves a sensual aroma when you leave a room.it is such a sexy but yet cool enough scent it makes you feel attractive instantly.this scent is special so it may not be very suitable for everyone it is unique, haunting in its strength and complexity. in other word Sophisticated,Smoky, Expensive,Laudable,Classy, Dark,Rich,Gorgeous and Voluptuous.

The scent blends a variety of powerful elements, strong and passionate top notes of rose,cinnamon and black currant mix with incense and bove all patchouli,closing with earthy,sensual yet subtle base notes of amber,musk and woody notes.the composition is is thoroughly charming in its ability to be worn at the special occasion.PORTRAIT OF A LADY is not absolutely feminine but You can't wear this fragrance without feeling very brave and at least a little sexy.perfect for autumn/winter.Definitely try it on before purchase.

Sillage?Superb.

Longevity?Lasts and lasts.

7.5/10
"Her nature had, in her conceit, a certain garden-like quality, a suggestion of perfume and murmuring boughs, of shady bowers and lengthening vistas, which made her feel that introspection was, after all, an exercise in the open air, and that a visit to the recesses of one's spirit was harmless when one returned from it with a lapful of roses." Henry James, Portrait of a Lady

This quote from the novel that inspired this perfume describes it perfectly. Isabelle Archer, the prototypical Sagittarius, is willful, proud, intellectual, adventurous, lucky and drawn to the exotic. This perfume smells like what she would wear, confident projection, rich with Turkish rose absolute, a heart of dark patchouli, smelling of spice and incense, and admirably tenacious.

Since my husband wears Geranium Pour Monsieur, every time I spoke to a Frederic Malle associate, I was urged to try this. Like the heroine herself, I resisted the obvious best choice until the very end. On paper, it just didn't do anything for me. I knew so many men wore it, that I didn't even want to try it on. It sounded like some old drag queen, campy (camphoraceous), throaty and LOUD. But when I finally tried it on, I was pleasantly surprised to find my skin showed a strong raspberry note with a dry dusty leather, the golden glow of rose without being grandma rose, and a realistic impression of incense like classic agarbatti. Although so many people wear this perfume, I feel like it is my own, and I will finally get a full bottle. I love Dominic Ropion's work for this line, including Une Fleur de Cassie and the new Cologne Indelible, so it makes sense I would finally come around to this scent.

I imagine there is not one perfume I would (likely) not adore that is designed & manufactured by Frederic Malle.  I'm on another quest to expand my limited "signature" and "go to" fragrances, Frederic Malle Musc Ravageur and Acqua di Parma Magnolia Nobile (to name my favorite two).  I like incense, I like vintage rose, I like musk, I like patchouli; however as I've often noted, I do not like solo scents or linear fragrances one little bit.  I prefer dark, moody, complex fragrances with a few precious notes that play on my skin and favor my nose (and others' noses, especially my husband's).

IMHO, this potion is about as perfect as the above mentioned notes can get.  Definitely the Holy Grail of a rose-incense-patchouli-wood-musk fragrance.  Diamond flame said it well: a lush rose opening obscured in a cloud of incense and smoke with an under current of black currants.

Lush, luxurious, rich, enigmatic, fragrant, delightful, passionate, complex, sexy.  What more can I say??? Like all FM perfumes, silage is divine and longevity is great.

I LOVE this stuff!  So why am I having trouble justifying $395.00 for a 3.5 ml flacon?  I'll make it last, I swear I will!!  Ugggghhhh...seems like such an indulgence.  One of my VERY FEW vices...expensive niche perfumes.

I am going to try Ex Idolo "Thirty-Three" before I purchase this fragrance.  Thirty-three has recently been compared by some as a "less expensive" PoaL.   Waiting for my sample to arrive.  I'll be pleasantly surprised if it does; however, I sincerely doubt anything compares to this divine delight.  Seems to me NOTHING can hold a candle to this stuff.

Thanks, Frederic Malle.
Genre: Chypre

Let’s start with the name. “Portrait of A Lady” has to be the most outrageous fragrance misnomer since Exceptional launched its non-descript and deadly dull eponymous sports fragrance for men in 2008. If ever a fragrance broadcast “UNISEX” on application, this is it. Heck, had Malle offered it as say, “Black Stallion,” it might have done well as a masculine. First the porn star-worthy “Thunderwood,” now this…someone needs to talk to marketing.

Portrait of a Lady actually launches on a searing black pepper note that gives Marc Jacobs’s Bang a run for its money. Following soon after are a dark, dry rose, oudh, and a camphoraceous (rather than earthy/sweaty) patchouli note, all supported by a rather stark and austere foundation of wood and frankincense. I see a conceptual relationship between Portrait of a Lady and the peppery-woody-incense rose of Caron’s Parfum Sacré, but the Malle is far less plush and comfortable. There are also parallels with some of the Montale oudh scents, including Black Aoud, which shares also leans on rose, oudh, and patchouli, and with Juliet Has a Gun’s softer and more recent Lady Vengeance. 

Portrait of a Lady’s somewhat surprising drydown distinguishes it from any of these predecessors. Rather than the expected balsamic woody-oriental base notes, Portrait of a Lady settles on a relatively hard-edged, dry accord of oudh, woods, and a proudly synthetic-smelling clean musk vaguely reminds me of Malle’s Geranium pour Monsieur. (Also by Ropion.) My only complaint, based on a single wearing, is that like Geranium pour Monsieur, Portrait of a Lady segues into its drydown early and abruptly. I would enjoy the scent more if the rose, oudh, pepper, and patchouli accord of the middle section lasted for more than a half an hour. When I can manage them, additional wearings may yield a different experience. Even so, I consider Portrait of a Lady well worth trying – for ladies and gentlemen alike!

No rose by any other name is beautifully haunting and longing like Portrait of a Lady. Am still debating whether i as a grown man can confidently pull it off though..... 
Romantic, assertive, tormented and decadent. Probably one of my favorite (few) masterpieces around and my most appreciated from this brand for sure. The combination of complex (multi nuanced) spicy/fruity/vegetal/humid rose absolute, royal patchouli, faint woody resins and frankincense is romantic, decadent, Victorian and poetic. You can detect the pungency from raspberries (pushing up as a vegetal leverage the rosey intensity) by soon together with luxurious oily citrus (classic "neo-cologney" bergamot), sweet (piquant) spices and pepper. The first blast is indeed misty (more than vaguely prickly), rosey, barely medicinal, spicy/fruity, leafy/earthy and slightly resinous. The vintage/baroque parisian elegant soul of the fragrance starts soon to emerge as soon as the rosey patchouli (a la Histoires de Parfums- mostly  Rosam- in common incense, spices, oud, patchouli, rose etc etc, even if Rosam is less fruity--and with some Noir Patchouli's nuances) takes "musically" the stage surrounded by multitudinous nuances (spicy, incensey, ambery and fruity). The more the development blooms up the more I detect the smooth ambery/blackcurrant/red berries fruity influence and the dominant Queen Rose in a finally thinned spicy mist. The "Palatin" dry down (softly rosey, silky and almost powdery) is exactly like a portrait of a romantic lady on the Rive Gauche's side in autumn, a pure musky/spicy/floral chypre perfection, a magic combination of hyper sophisticated nostalgic nuances. 
Pros: A royal combination of aristocratic notes.
Cons: Any"</p>
PS: Malle's POAL (a misty and resinous rose/patchouli) is neither a sharp rosey centered fragrance nor a straight forward rose itself since a misty and dense fruity amber (spicy blackcurrant+ Red berries + amber itself + creamy incense) plays a role of co-protagonist enveloping the floral element (never typically earthy/grassy/botanical) and hints of incensey and woody "resinousity" in a denser art-deco voluptuous embrace while the floral element is more properly catchable in the final part of the trip. Anyway also at the end of journey the rose is yet finally slightly "misty". I detect some Rosam's vibe (misty/resinous rose-patchouli) and in the HDP's one the rose element is effectively more central in the body of a less fruity but almost equally resinous aroma.
Not a portrait but a sketch	Anyone expecting an exotic rose fragrance for women is in for a big disappointment. Portrait of a Lady unveils a beautifully lush rose opening note only to have it cruelly obscured by a cloud of incense and wood smoke. Other than a subtly fruity undercurrent of black currants this is mostly a somber affair, a dark almost smoky resinous take on the rose-patchouli accord with emphasis on the latter. 	A portrait painting in colorful acrylic this is not, more a monochromatic sketch in dusty graphite.  
Heady Ambery Perfume	Its very bad ,I dont like it at all since its very heady  spicy ambery perfume. I dont smell any floral   note at all.The best description for this perfume is " Its YSL M7 Sister "
In the opening I can smell fruity incense mixing in with patchouli followed by a sweet rose. This is a very complex fragrance with a lot of notes coming at you all at once.

Once it settles the rose becomes more prominent and floral but with fruity undertones supporting the rose.

In the basenotes the incense becomes more dominant and the rose note recedes from the spotlight.

What makes this fragrance better than most other similar scents is it's superior execution. It has a symphony of notes that have been carefully orchestrated to bring you a complex and enjoyable olfactory experience. Very well done! 
This is an absolutely amazing rose fragrance that is definitely not bright and cheerful, but lurks more in the darker deeper recesses of the fragrance mind. When I think of Portrait of a Lady I think of that scene in American Beauty where Mena Suvari is lying naked covered in rose petals. It is just that sexy of a rose fragrance and its one of those rare fragrances that makes me feel sexy as well.

I completely agree that it takes a lot of confidence to pull this one off as it will smell very feminine to the majority of people, I often get asked by male friends why I smell like a women's perfume, until they see that women absolutely love it on me as well, haha. 

Definitely agree it is unisex and while I don't personally own it, I love it. As to why, as much as I enjoy this fragrance, I find it absolutely ridiculous on my girlfriend as it smells divine and enticing to me and to her. Therefore it is in her collection and not mine.

I received an amazing compliment from a beautiful woman while wearing this fragrance today. What an unfortunate name for such a middle of the fence, unisex  fragrance. The rose is beautifully blended with incense,sandalwood, patchouli, and cloves. Any well dressed, confident man can pull this fragrance off. If you adore fragrances like Incense Oud or Jubilation XXV, give this one a sniff.
AWESOMEEE!!!!!!
BEST ROSE PERFUME EVERY! ACTUALLY BEST PERFUME ENTIRELY!!
I MEAN DAMNN what a beautiful turkish rose, then there is frankinscence and a little oud
oh yes and patchouli
after like 5-6 hours i get less hints of it on myself but i cant believe it that the entire is actually packed with it
even after like a day people within 10-20 yards go crazy smelling it
Why does Dominique Ropion have such a hold over my nose? I am afraid to try out too many of his fragrances, because it seems that after one sniff I always end up obsessing over his creation until I buy a full bottle. I can't afford to do this.

Anyhow, as soon as I smelled it, I knew. This was the rose I was looking for. Dark, sweet, sexy. The patchouli and sandalwood give it heft, and the hint of spice and incense keep it compulsively sniffable. 1-2 sprays will do you, and for hours and hours, too.
5/5 - I haven't taken the time to review a fragrance in quite a long time, but I felt I needed to add one for PoaL. This is probably the finest in the Malle lineup, rivaling Vetiver Extraordinaire, another D. Ropion composition. 

What makes it so brilliant is that the longevity is incredible and the sillage is just perfect. It is rose, spice, woods and oud in perfect harmony - never too synthetic or brash, just perfect. A little goes a VERY long way. I'm rather shocked that someone could find the longevity lacking, as 30 hours and a thorough shower didn't rid me of its sublime dry-down.

This, along with Creed's vintage formulation of Fleur de The Rose Bulgare, are the finest, most perfect rose fragrances ever (sorry Nahema, Rose 31, DC 1913, etc. etc.!)
This scent reminds me of Agent Provocatuer in its smoky, musky, slightly dirty rose. 

POAL is more refined and more sophisticated, shines a little brighter and is softer around the edges. If these two were related, AP would be the evil twin.

The berry top notes give the scent a dewy innocence, taken over by a mysterious incense, and finished with a musky woodiness. 

Ropion has portrayed women of all ages in a bottle which manages to be both youthful and mature at the same time.

The top notes don't last for more than an hour on my skin (wimpers), I guess this is like childhood; short and sweet.

A very enjoyable fragrance all round and hopefully will one day find a place on my dresser :)



Malle talks about a balance of excessive elements for this one – and he's right. However, despite the balance, the final result remains a bit busty and thrusting, due to the power of the notes. 
It opens with a hypnotic liquerish-intensity reminiscent of the opening of No 88. The rose is top notch and assertive, the patchouli, on the other hand, is buffed to a beautiful smoothness, not some feral hippy beast. The incense, sandal and spices, provide structure, but without distracting us from the patchouli-rose romance. It does have a powerhouse fresh musk propelling the whole thing forward, but also introducing a monotonous element to what is otherwise a pretty splendid creation. Some have identified it as ambroxan and that may well be the case having tried JHAG's Not A Perfume. Each time I try it, the intoxicating start urges me to buy it, but an hour or so in, I decide I can live without it after all.  

A truly beautiful rose dominated opening.  A little powder makes it's appearance in short order and you think, "Oh no, here it comes blowing across the open plain like a diaper change dustbowl," but mercifully the powder never gets out of hand.  As POAL dries down it shakes out to a comely slightly powdered rose sitting on musky sandalwood.  The benzoin, cinnamon and frankincense are all restrained enough to keep POAL from slipping into the realm of the brazen oriental.  When the base becomes more evident it veers a little toward unisex but I'm skeptical most men could wear it comfortably; it's pretty feminine.  Classic sophistication in a fragrance.
Sweetly. Sexy.

My heart was racing right out of the gate.  I was already too far in love to recall how to beg for more.  But in a seeming instant she was gone.  She took beauty, she left memories and questions.

Is it really better to have loved and lost than to never have loved at all?  Yes, yes it is, Frederic Malle says so elegantly with this fragrance.  If I could give this six stars I would, but as it stands I can't even give it five because it vanishes too soon.  Had this the sillage of a Montale it would be an all-timer of a sweet, sexy blend of the most masterful seduction.  Its artistry with sweet rose and incense is unmatched.  As with all things so divine, however, I just wish she could've stayed a little longer.
A BIG thumbs up for this five star winner from Ropion that is my new favorite scent overall.  Portrait of a Lady starts with a sublime mixture of rose, incense, wood and a hint of raspberry in the background to support the rose and incense, with patchouli growing through the dry down to mix with the incense as the rose recedes.  It is rather linear, but when the scent smells this good, that is a very good thing, IMO.  The sillage and longevity here are absolutely spectacular (my one spray lasted well over 30 hours at near full strength and sillage on skin) and the scent smells even better from a distance.  As for classification, I don't know why this is marketed as a feminine scent, as I definitely think it is unisex and if someone said it was targeted as a men's scent I would have been far from surprised.  

The only drawback is the cost...  I went on a top Basenotes recommended fragrance testing binge in Vegas, and only put a couple favorites on skin.  Portrait of a Lady won out overall, but when I came back to Barney's to make the purchase it turned out to be $210 for a 50 ml and $300 for 100 ml.  Ouch!  I ended up still buying the 50 ml after thinking it over some more, because it really is that good and unique.  Finally, as people have mentioned in other reviews, this one is potent and one spray will almost assuredly get the job done...  Go easy on the trigger folks!
This is one of the best fragrances I have ever had the pleasure to sniff.  Opens with a dark, sugared floral explosion, rose and piquant berries.  It doesn't dry down so much as bloom... the base of aromatic woods and incenses slowly emerging through currant, clove, and cinnamon to take center stage.  It is masterfully blended; the rose does not dominate, but contributes a velvety dark red sheen to a perfectly unisex woody oriental.  It projects like an opera singer and lasts for days.  For those who prefer the berry and rose (the most beautiful, and more feminine, part of the perfume's development) to last longer, I would suggest trying the body butter.

Portrait of a Lady is, in my opinion, the finest scent from FM and unequivocally a masterpiece.
I love this. I am a huge fan of Rose Absolut, Patchouli and Sandalwood. The Sandalwood and Patchouli alone are wonderful, but the Rose cuts the headiness and gives it that dry sweetness. A nice complement to each other. Opening notes are delightful and the drydown is fabulous ... that's where the rose really shines. 

The heart gets a little weird (cloves and Ambroxan), but over all very nice. 

I suppose the Ambroxan is what is making that "faux ambre" note I'm sensing in the heart. I don't care for anything synthetic, most especially when it's trying to copy something real ... but MUCH better and more PC than real Ambergris, for sure! (I don't mind aldehydes, but they're not trying to be something they're not!) I can also do without the clove (reminds me of the dentist). Definitely unisex, as most Malle frags are. Opening and drydown are my favorites. 

VERY powerful scent and I mean that a little goes a LONG way. Let's just say, a bottle of this could last several lifetimes! ;)

(I don't know why people spray on a load and then complain when it's too heavy. ANYTHING ... with Patchouli in it ... ALWAYS use caution, at least, at first!)
A sublime rose/incense/woody scent that is masterfully blended. The name is a misnomer since this really works as a dark rose masculine. Fragrant, intense, one of a kind, heady outtake from this very discriminating niche-house.

A++++
a beautiful complex rose perfume
definitely unisex veering towards the masculine

i smell evidences Parfum Sacre as others here have commented once in a while

though a more constant resemblance for me for the drydown is alexander mcqueen's Kingdom Summer/limited edition.. though the mcqueen is far warmer on me and harder to wear especially in hot weather
Beautiful beyond words. A huge mesmerizing tower. PoL Opens with a breeze of currants and berries then a breathtaking rose that is so big is it difficult to perceive, on top bone dry incense/patchouli and oudh Words cannot convey the majesty of this fragrance. Could be worn by anyone except a wallflower. This is my current top pick out of my entire wardrobe.
Don't let the name misleading you, Portrait Of a Lady is a perfect unisex fragrance. Despite the fact oud is not listed between the notes I get a consistent dose of it together with pepper and, obviously, rose. In the opening, the pepper/rose accord brings to my mind of a sort of Parfum Sacre without civet, but then incense and oud make their appearance giving Portrait Of A lady a different twist. Patchouli and spices add extra depth to this solid composition. Amazing drydown.

A master composition that If you're into bold and spicy rose fragrances you'll surely dig.

I am going to have to try this again because my 2 samplings of this have produced little love so far. 
Intially though this is what I think- it is a blast of patchouli ,woods and incense. The rose is not fore front for me at all . It's dark but verging more on the masculine side of scent offerings. Will try again. 

Edit : My third sampling of this . Now I appreciate this scent. However the rose patchouli  / rose  - oud combo is getting very boring and tiring. It is a gorgeous classic combination in truth and fairness but there are quite a few of these perfumes out there,  to choose from. I prefer Portrait Of A Lady to Lumiere Noire by MFK though. Much more subtle but a lasting scent. 

An Amazing rose scent, the incense gives it that kick, that's lacking in Le Labo Rose 31....so far this is my favorite Rose scent, and easily my most complemented. 
Love it!  Bought it retail!  Started out only liking it, though.  But I couldn't get it off of my mind.  A lot of my fave frags start out this way (Homage, Lyric, Gold, Black Tourmaline, Black Aoud).  I love rose+ incense+ patch frags.  There are a lot of them out there which is why this may not be considered groundbreaking.  Indeed it isn't.  But, this frag is a welcome addition to my wardrobe.  I noticed that a 1ml sample isnt the best way to introduce oneself to this frag.  You need to spray a liberal dose to really appreciate it and on fabric, the bouquet lasts forever in all its richness.  It is androgynous in a way that blends masc and fem elements, as opposed to the type of androgyny that is characterized by the void of either.  I have tried most of Malle's perfumes and found them to be "soulless" as one basenoter mentioned (with the exception of Portrait and Carnal Flower).  By soulless I mean clinical.  POAL and Carnal Flower, on the other hand have soul, but very different souls.  In POAL, the incense, the raspberry jam, the rose, and the patchouli combine and stay pretty linear all through the drydown which is something that usually bores me.  Not so with POAL.  The rose is not overbearing, either.  It peeks through the incesnse and patch.  The patchouli molecule used lacks the mushroomy, mildewy, too-much-wet-earth smell that makes patch sometimes overbearing.  This patch molecule has been likened to Chanel's Coromandel and it is true.  Although, dont get me wrong, sometimes I am in the mood for that overturned wormy earth smell.  However, in Poal you don't get that.  The patch is elegant and it does't make me uptight at the office.  This is a good office frag and maybe that is one reason I like it so much.  Some of my other rose + incense/patch/oud scents get me in trouble at work (as in getting a talking to because someone complained).  Not so with this one.  So, while others consider this frag redundant, unoriginal, and derivative, POAL to me is perfect.  Holy grails are interesting that way.  
I'm really, really loving this.  But I am a huge fan of Caron's Pour Une femme Parfum, and this is very similar.  Both are an incense rose fragrances with a patchouli/amber/mush dry down; and both are too beautiful too describe.

I was so so about the opening, which only lasts a few minutes.  It then jumped into a green rose on me, similar to a 60's themed chartreause color.  As it transitions to the drydown I get an increasing incense note with a creeping sweetness.  OK, I"ve only worn it for four hours now, but as long as the benzoin is held at bay I'll be very happy.  

I have to say this will probably go down as one of my favorite perfumes ever, although it is so similar to Une Femme Parfum that I may not need to buy it.  
When I first tried this, I was utterly bowled over. I saw a massive, Middle Eastern rose shimmering before me and my heart was captured. Since then, I've been trying to poke holes in its petals with my critical daggers, but I'm pleased to say that I have had very little success. Some might find it a touch too linear, but I'd suggest that its subtle, unobtrusive development is a testament to Ropion's brilliance. At first, it does appear to present nothing but rose, rose and more rose, but a closer inspection reveals several other aspects worthy of appreciation, not least a warm cinnamon at the start, a note-perfect, ecclesiastical frankincense in the middle and a smooth, oud-inflected, musky-patchouli woodiness in the base. Others may complain that the drydown goes on for far too long, but this would just be nit-picking. A few people might even raise objections about the irrelevance of the Henry James reference, and they may well have a point, but if you're going to start playing the lit crit game with perfume, then it would be equally easy to read the name as Malle's ironic assertion that the modern Isabel Archer wears an abaya and lives in Abu Dhabi.

Silence the naysayers. Whether you're a man or a woman, try this astonishing new release and let yourself be transported to an empty church in a country where Christianity and Arabic culture happily exist side by side, a place like, say, Lebanon or Syria. The outside world is locked away behind heavy doors. The lights are low. The silence is complete. You sit down and see a polished, brass censer hanging from the ceiling. Emerging from the holes in its lid is a heavy, scarlet smoke, cascading to the ground like endless ribbons of iridescent fabric. Close your eyes and just wait. Before too long, you'll be enveloped by the magic and completely trapped in its heady, floral spell.
Never in my experience I had smelled such an opulent rose in a perfume...

The opening is mastodontic and immediately you can feel the theme is about ROSE:
it has a huge presence and the concentration is stunning.
The rose essential oil in the opening is quiet important as much as the small red-fruits notes bringing a sparkling and buzzing effect! The spices take radiance and introduce her majesty the Turkish rose absolute that quickly takes his position in this magnificent composition! I had a coconut feeling that perfectly fit into the composition making it less serious and more modern.
The base is quiet similar to "Geranium Pour Monsieur"  with incese-benzoin-ambrettolide-tonalide, a lower concentration of Sandalwood, Ambroxan  and a strong dosage of pachulol to compensate the rose absolute: there is no mushroom-wet soil aspect that normally pachouli brings in such an higher dosage!
I don't use rose perfumes but for this I can make an exception: fantastique!

What can I say? It's nice but not that special? I'm trying to understand the millennial obsession with this fragrance but can't relate to the hype. My conclusion is that Alien stands out  because it's far far away from the fruity floral fair that dominated the early 2000s. It's stronger, darker, spicier, more oriental. If you were raised on fun, flirty, fruity florals it would definitely 
get your attention.  However if you are familiar with 80s and pre 80s perfumery, it's just not that special. To my nose it is a more subtle version of Givenchy Amarige.
Bold, nearly boozy jasmine.  Creamy, like a liqueur.  Overly sweetened woody scent a few moments later, that reminds me of a hyper-sweet incense or a glade room spray.  It's soft then.  It sometimes annoys me; at times delights me.  It depends on my mood, what it does to me.  Alien is one of "those".  I don't wear it often as it can be cloying.  My little one ounce bottle will last me the rest of my life.

The base is just as sweet with its amber tone.  The sweetness of Alien never lets up.  It is also good for its longevity.  I give this a 3.5 to 4 star rating, depending on my mood.

Amber darkens & dominates later.
I lied, I'm sorry. I love this perfume! I don't know what I was thinking. I think it just needed to settle, but it smells amazing! It is "grape-y" at first, but it settles and you appreciate the scent all day!
Previous review 11/6/18: I blindly bought this based on the raving reviews. I wanted something with good sillage and longevity, something I could spray on in the morning and last all day so I wouldn't need to carry a decant. 
So, I haven't received it in the mail yet, but I did go and sample this at the local department store (and 2 others I blindly bought based solely on reviews-gucci bloom and versace bright crystal). 
I know exactly how to describe this "alien" perfume for those who've never smelled...have a dose of children's grape dimetapp cold and cough syrup, it tastes the way "alien" smells. The scent of this fragrance is very (exactly) synthetic grape that lasts at least 4 hours, dominating any other notes that is claims to have in it. This scent is the twin of children's grape dimetapp's taste. "What's that scent you're wearing" they say, "grape dimetapp". 
Take a rich jasmine note, shear off its rough (indolic, green) edges, hook it up to an outdoor amplifier, and overlay it with a gauzy, vanillic amber accord that has roughly the half-life of plutonium. That's Alien. For what it is, it's great, and even slightly narcotic under the right conditions. This is a perfume for a woman with a capital "W" - or a confident man in an insouciant mood. (Alien dries down gorgeously on skins of either sex.) If you're a fan of the Mugler style - ie. "Go Big or Go Home" - and if every jasmine perfume you've come across so far has seemed just a tad restrained for your liking, Alien is nothing short of a must-sniff. Run, don't walk. For others....well. Spray at your peril. This alien doesn't come in peace.
A sweet powdery floral scent. The structure is simple yet "alien". Jasmin and amber as dominant elements are relatively common in perfumes, yet their combination in Alien smells so unusual! A typical success of "less is more"! It's sensual and feminine. No need for any excessive complexity to pretend to be mysterious but it has its own depth. I actually find it unique but not that difficult to appreciate. The projection is very good and the longevity can reach 12h. It worths at least a try during one's fragrance discovery journey.

Originally written in 2013.
The EDT is “of course” lighter but it also has a more acide citrus note than the EDP. It smells a bit like a Cologne. I don’t get any of the notes listed here. 

But the EDP is sweeter and deeper. Way more interesting. Projection and longevity are awesome. 
Very strong scent.  Use sparingly. Although not in the notes,  I find it smells a lot like grapes,  and a few of my friends agreed also. Once it sets in it calms down a bit.  
I own the Eau de Parfum. to me Alien is (think real flowers) a tad of Tiger Lily and then all Jasmine, & fresh air. I have a huge amount of jasmine which grows on the back fence, far from the house, but when it blooms and I open the sliding glass doors, I can smell it alllll the way to my house. that jasmine bush smells heady & magic, it makes you close your eyes and breathe it in. i wear Alien to work almost exclusively and it's because i alwaysssss get told "you smell good" "what are you wearing?" strangers in elevators, everywhere. in fact, that is how I came to buy it. i walked in a club house at a friends condo. there was only one woman there. I asked her, hey, what's that smell in this room, it's incredible. bcuz so many people mention it, I asked my boss if I had too much on, she said no, you smell clean.
by the way, you need ONE or TWO dabs or sprays, it is STRONG, with great sillage and longevity. Well worth the price
This is a lovely perfume that I almost skipped because it's so commonly worn.

Alien starts with some sharp white florals (mostly jasmine), a lot of sweetness and a hint of woods and metal. After about an hour it settles in nicely to a somewhat sweet creamy (almost nougat like) jasmine that has a touch of powder to it (possibly some sandalwood). 

I like it much more than I had originally thought I would. Because it is so widely available and because Thierry Mugler is such a popular house, this has the stigma of being seen as "ordinary" or "generic", when it isn't. Yes, it has the ever popular elements of white floral and sweetness, but it's done in a way that is different enough (and lasts decently enough) to be more enjoyable than mass market sugar or fruity/floral bombs. Sillage is soft to moderate (about 2-3 feet) and lasting power is about 5-6 hours. Really lovely and versatile fragrance. I think my favorite time to wear it would be Fall/Winter day or night.
This is a perfume I fell in love with, beautiful, different, true to its name.  I went to buy it, but when I got to the counter to smell the tester to make sure the love and attraction was still there,  it turned me off.  The scent was overly strong in the commercial way.  Perhaps that was an old batch or one that had been in the heat. If there was a lighter version of it, I would reconsider. 
Alien is the fragrance I love despite myself. I sort of dislike everything the perfume stands for, it's name, the gaudy packaging, not to mention it's notoriety. Alien is too well known for it's own good in a way, it's celebrity making it feel that bit too obvious, and therefore overplayed and unrefined. Thierry Mugler seems to be the worst kept secret in perfumery. And yet, the scent itself is so appealing and irresistible to me, that I overcome my snobbery and all these things, the name, the packaging, they pale into insignificance because at the end of the day: I love that smell. It's as simple as that. However loud and conspicuous there is something in the combination of notes in this fragrance that always pulls me in. It is sort of a throw back to the 80s in it's big brassy unabashedly sexy floral nature. It's kind of brash and overt in it's sexiness so I have to be in a very specific mood to wear it - usually a winter's evening, it should be worn with heels. It should feel dated by now I tell myself but Alien remains a heady and intoxicating magic potion I can't help but adore, an ex-lover who is no good but I keep coming back to anyway.
10/10
So Alien smells a little trashy.  I think the house of Thierry Mugler wears trashy on its sleeve like a badge of honor, so there's kind of no point in pretending otherwise.  The "space jasmine," as another Basenote reviewer perfectly describes this scent, is a spicy cinnamon-inflected nuclear jasmine overlaid with a streak of menthol.  The tension generated between the warm cinnamon and the cool menthol is, to my nose, what makes the jasmine seem to vibrate in the air--for hours and hours.  (So much so that overspraying can send me straight into the fetal position with a migraine--beware).  

Lots of reviewers feel disappointed by the drydown, but this style of loud perfumery really doesn't leave a lot of room to manouver.  As it is, I find Alien creamy and alluring on skin.  After all that oscillation, Alien gently gradually slows down and comes to a rest.  What's wrong with that? 

I really enjoy this perfume; but then, I wore Poison in 1986 and Paris in 1990.  Big florals like these can be marvelously beautiful, and they're also a lot of fun.  I reserve Alien for evenings with noise and drinks.  Even then, a judicious trigger finger is the secret to these beasts.
What I love most about Alien is how 80s-minded it is. The purple grape hairspray quality of it is reminiscent of both Giorgio and Poison, but it smells completely modern. The jasmine in it smells electric and opulent and the woody drydown adds a warm fuzz to the cold, mentholated florals. The way it bounces around the room is really amazing--my boyfriend was wearing it when I came home one day and watching The Hunger. It went perfectly with the movie--stylish, cold, pleasantly empty. I love it for being the only thing on the market this loud that I still commonly smell on people, even in largely fragrance-free Austin. If you wear it, wear a lot of it. It needs to be oversprayed for that wonderful narcotic effect. I like it on women, but it's possibly even better on men.
Salutation.

When a man stops you and ask what are you wearing?It smells Great.You know it is worth every penny you spend and in my opinion THIERREY MUGLER fragrances have this sensible characteristic just like ALIEN.It is Dark,slightly Decadent and so Alluring.in other words Magnetic,Woody,Irresistible,Strong, Exotic,Glamorous,Sensuous and Modern.

At first spray it can be a powerful and heavy burst but as it fades i found it to be quite Lovely.It finished with Amber.This is a winning combination for a perfume that screams Seduction of skin as it takes your senses in a Intoxicating Fancy to a For-Off land as it smells like a Dark Mysterious forest in a fairy tale or a Princess living in the forest.

Totally most prominent to me is a mix of Jasmine and Wood.The perfume lasts all day only with 2 or 3 sprays.Cool Autumn Evenings and Dreary winter moments come alive with ALIEN and this is due the base notes and definitely Amber.If you want to draw the attention of Men to you in a Party this is a Noticeable perfume but not for Everyone.

Sillage?Impressive.

Longevity?Lasts and Lasts.

Thank You THIERRY MUGLER 

8/10
While testing frags I stumbled across Alien after loading up several dozen cards and smelling them blindly while at a red light. I was very into the floral scent of it. I returned the next day with the card to purchase it and gave it a test...wow this scent is STRONG and incredibly long lasting! I actually almost don't like it before the dry down it's almost too much. However after the dry down tames it just enough to the point I can't get enough of it. I wish my wife liked it as much as I do. I ask her to were it on special occasions and out to a nice restaurant/bar.

I prefer this scent with dry cool weather. People ask or compliment more times than not when out for an evening.
Sweet and exotic.  I LOVE this fragrance.The best feature of this perfume is its wonderfully intoxicating vanilla and jasmine scents that last and last.  A little goes a long way.  Well worth the price.  Love that you can refill at department stores like macy's for less!
I bought Alien on a whim, in Duty-free, only because what I'd read was so positive.  At first spray, the impression was a cloying, dissonant, chemical disaster.  Once I left the duty-free area, however, heading back to the lounge to await my flight, the first impact of the fragrance hit me.  Abstract.  Powerful.  Something I wanted to "get to know better" or try in vain to "understand".  The first inkling of attraction - that quality that mystifies and draws you in.
It's been a week now, which I feel is enough time to weigh in on my experience with Alien.  And I admit it - I'm in love.  
To me, Alien embodies EVERYTHING that a true WOMAN should be - the sparkling jasmine opening is unabashedly feminine, confident and strong (a warning is befitting here - a small amount goes a long way - one spray is usually all you need!) the sheer and magical essence of solar accord and amber, the green-metallic je ne sais quois- make her seem mysterious, aloof, and cool - classic qualities of an attractive woman.  At the same time, the balmy/woodsy vanilla drydown with just the slightest hint of musk make her warm, inviting, almost approachable?  And the overall impression is downright BEAUTIFUL.    Perfect for a confident, original and classy woman who discriminates in life and love.  
A candied floral entity that projects a luminous holographic jasmine for the first 15-20 minutes before it runs out of power. The jasmine sambac is indeed glorious but the supporting ambery accord is toothache personified. Best to smell ALIEN from a distance where you catch whiffs of laundered, indole-free white florals.

The bottle is something else though - like an object from another universe, it's  sci-fi geek's wet dream. I see guys buying this purely for the bottle alone.
Wow! I love wearing this jasmine-amber bomb. Sprayed very sparingly it's truly awesome!
It opens with a blast of wonderful jasmine (a bit medicinal and overwhelming if you spray too much, so be careful), the drydown is amazing: warm, sweet yet fresh (amber and jasmine), woody, cozy and a bit powdery.
Plus, it's one of the longest lasting scents I know.
Sultry, original and bold. Men notice this scent every single time I'm wearing it.
It's extremely popular, nevertheless perfect for being a signature.
Femininity and sophistication. One of my top favorites.
Glorious space-Jasmine. I swear it smells like it’s glowing.
Aside from the fact that I've had more compliments (from both sexes) with this scent than any other in my sizeable collection, I like the straightforward scent structure and how it shows off the richly faceted sambac jasmine to perfection.

If your skin seems to amplify the amber and the fruity aspect of the sambac jasmine a bit too much (i.e. you smell candy and nothing but candy) you should check out the Eau de Toilette version, which isn't just a diluted version of the EDP. It's a different formulation with a slightly more complex structure while still being recognizably Alien. 

I keep trying to leave reviews of this but no luck. Anyway, first of all the bottle is beautiful, despite the penguin comments, its like holding a precious jewel in your hand. Initial impact after a spray, is WOW beautiful jasmine and pure black pepper, to my nose. After awhile it is still strongly jasmine and the wood and amber, and later still even more beautiful jasmine and oudh. The fragrance is like a mysterious alchemy, like night and day combining and creating an alternative reality... It is an exquisite meeting of opposites, the sweetness contrasting with masculine black pepper, heady jasmine combined with grounding oudh wood. Don't stop making this, Mr Mugler, please, and don't change the formula!! Ever since I received this as a gift, I have worn no other scent (and I have a lot : ])
Alien opens with a blast of white floral jasmine with an almost oud-like undertone that melds with the florals extremely well.  The jasmine and oud-like woody notes at the heart are sweetened by amber in the base... and that is pretty much it.  The scent is extremely minimalist and linear and what you get up top remains throughout.  Projection is very good and longevity is above average.

Alien is a pretty simplistic composition, but it just plain "works".   The jasmine white florals definitely are the star of the scent with the woody oud-like accord and the sweet amber used strictly for support.  Ropion being one of the parfumiers on the scent does not surprise me, as the florals have his name written all over them, while underneath the florals that sweet base that Mugler frequently features shows Alien's pedigree.  On the whole Alien smells quite good and I definitely recommend it, but this one will most likely smell best on the ladies (not to say men *couldn't* wear it).  Alien earns a well-deserved very good to excellent 3.5 to 4 stars out of 5. 
Okay, the thing with Thierry Mugler is that you cannot smell once, and make a judgement. It will almost always be NO! This has happened with EVERYTHING I have tried by him. Suddenly after a while I realize that the fragrance morphs into something else, then hours later, something else...they are warm and always unique. Unending compliments, especially for Alien. My favorite of all, my tip is to spray it on your bra and let it sit overnight if you find it too strong. In the morning if you are not so surprised than this one is not for you. Blessings & Good Smellings!
I...Love....Thierry Mugler.  Everything this house has put out has been quality.  Longevity, projection, originality.  you name it, this house has it.  I can not get enough of this scent.  It smells like grape soda, fizz and all.  It is one of my favorite clubbing scents.  And here is the kicker, I'm a guy.  This is as unisex as a fragrance can get, in fact many of TM's fragrances are.  My girlfrend loves it on me just as much as her and it gets huge compliments.  Guys, dont be afraid to carefully select a womens perfume for yourself.  There is nothing wrong with it.  They are stronger and it opens the doors to everything.  Now there are very few that i would venture to try, they cant be too feminine or floral, but this one is right up my alley for cold weather, nightime wear.  So i sprayed givenchy play intense, le male, 1 million, and Alien on papers and had few guys test them out and i asked them which one is the womens perfume.  All 4 guys got them wrong.  Hmm......? give it a try....everyone.  
So finally I found my Alien! I have always liked it, but I found it a bit too sticky! But now I am the happy owner of the EdT, and that one sings beautiful on my skin!

As Thierry Mugler is environmentally conscious, I am proud to wear all of TM perfumes who works well on my skin!

Thumbs up for Alien EdT from me!
It was not love at first spray for me. I got Alien as a Christmas gift and made the mistake of spraying it on in front of the giver and almost choking!  It smelled medicinal and overly sweet to me - some sort of Campho-Phenique spilled into Splenda concoction. I slipped away and washed it off as soon as I could.

A few days later as I was doing laundry, the sweater I was wearing on Christmas wafted the most amazing fragrance.  Surely this amazing scent didn't come from that foul medicine I had sprayed?!  

Alien revisted:  Same opening stench as before.  But after the dry down, amazing floral and woody notes begin to emerge.  After a while on my skin, Alien is intoxicating and heady stuff.  Don't flee from this if at first you find it off-putting.  Let it mellow on your skin and see what happens.  For me it's pure other-worldly magic!
This is strictly an impressionistic note.  I haven't tried this on, but I smelled it during conversation with a very attractive woman.  It suited her so well, and it was a lovely scent.  It seemed warm, deep but not cloying or heavy, and worked well on a warm summer night.  Excellent sillage, particularly since this was an outdoor event.
An incredibly sexy fragrance, by far my favourite thing to smell on a woman. Highly recommended.
I've always admired Thierry Mugler's unique sense of style and approach when creating his fragrances and designing the packaging. While a fan of Angel, I wasn't quite sure of what to expect from his other fragrances. It took me a while to test Alien, his second most popular fragrance, for fear of being disappointed.

Well, I certainly was not disappointed. Something urged me to try this on my skin rather than the tester card, and I'm rather glad I did just that. 

The initial spray was not at all loud and obtrusive, which was a pleasant surprise because I expected the top notes to be somewhat similiar in strength to Angel. 

Alien is quite a deep floral scent, with the jasmine creating a sweet yet powdery-like smell. I like that this fragrance isn't complex and that it succeeds in appealing to a wide audience. 

This fragrance has excellent sillage and lasting power. I wore this on a 5 hour train ride and I could still smell Alien wafting around me when I arrived at my destination. 

The fragrance is quite versatile. I see Alien as being better suited to colder months and night time wear, however it could adapt well to any season or occasion. 

Overall, I consider Alien as being a mysterious, sexy and bold fragrance. This is definitely not a perfume for the shy.


Due to the marketing, name, and bottle design, I expected a very modern and unusual fragrance. Instead, this was a warm, woody, powder scent with a soft jasmine base. Very romantic & sensual. Between Angel & Alien, my husband prefers this one. I prefer Angel. Like Angel, it last for hours and a little goes a long way. I'm glad to have it, but I don't feel like TM's marketing really hit upon the nature of this scent properly.


I love jasmine, and this one is heavy jasmine. I am aware that not everyone likes jasmine, however. I can't make up my mind whether I like or dislike Alien...One minute I like its attitude and sultriness, the next I'm longing for a fresher scent. Perhaps I would like an EDT instead of EDP....and I might spray this on the inside of my calves instead of my neck...or try Alien lotion.

In the end, I almost can't get enough of it. Sweet!

Update: I've heard some people say this scent smells heavy like cigars or garbage (hahaha), but Alien requires some time and patience (and trust?) to sink into the skin-It becomes very sexy, and the scent is not floral or woody or spicy, or anything like I can describe-just very elegant, velvety, dark, warm and a bit cold at the same time. I am not a fan of Mugler, but this scent is high on my list of favorite designer fragrances(as opposed to niche, drugstore, artisan, etc....)!


Update much later:
I have to say this fragrance doesn't smell much like natural jasmine-I smell a unique amber note that I now refer to as the "Mugler amber"-it's a bit heavy, modern, and smells both hot and cold at the same time. I still think the opening isn't so much beautiful as strong and fascinating, while the dry down is pure femme fatale and just smells gorgeous on my skin. This is one of those perfumes that really smells "synthetic"-but great to me. I am not a fan of "synthetic" smells-but if you found this to be a scrubber, I think you should really let the top notes and aggression pass to smell the magic-not an easy perfume, but a beautiful one-that's how it deserves its name. That is also why I don't regularly wear it, though I will never swap my bottle.


Holyzoo described this as "supersonic jasmine"; indeed it is, & in my book that's a good thing! There's a strange, metallic "dental surgery" note in the opening which quickly wears off, a little pepper, & then it's glorious, singing jasmine all the way to the drydown of white amber & woods. There is an "otherwordly" feel to it, probably from the much debated "solar note", but l feel super sexy & feminine wearing this. The sillage & longevity are both awesome, & l can smell it on my clothes days later.
l must add that l can't stand Angel, & l would never have tried this had a basenoter not recommended it as a great jasmine-amber fragrance. l'm so glad l did, it was love at first sniff, & is a favourite in my wardrobe.
13 years later Thierry Mugler proves she still has the magic. Alien is Mugler’s first major fragrance for women since Angel. The perfume bottle is somewhat odd but unique, It really is one of the most spectacular and original bottles I have ever seen.

What they do is put time and effort into a few select products, working hard on the design, and using the finest ingredients to produce something spectacular. Completely different from some of the most prestigious 'Parfums houses', who makes like two fragrances in 1 year, and you can practically smell the same scent in others fragrances out there, nothing new.

The initial notes are fairly woody, and I have to be honest, this strong woody smell, was the reason why I didn't like Alien. But I can't judge a Fragrance only by the first seconds, because Alien grows on your skin and change. This is like the kind of magic produced only by ''Big Scents''. In this metamorphosis, Alien reveals its hidden secret, showing us the beautiful notes of jazmin, and an oriental amber infusion that is deep and sexy.

One spray or squirt and I feel instantly powerful, glamorous and sexy. Is definitely a "night" perfume. The lasting power is Sublime!


Alien is truly a masterpiece!
Alien is a very apt name for this other-worldly brew. This is how I imagine an alien dominatrix or drag empress would smell. It is a jolting explosion of rich and luxuriant exotic notes in your face, furious and unrelenting. I like it, but a dab of this, I imagine, goes on for days and miles.
This is the first fragrance I've ever owned and I still love it. Deep and sensual, yet somewhat offbeat. I thinks its sensuality to warmth of its amber notes and musk, whilst lurking beneath its spicy floral explosiveness, there is another "synthetic" scent that keeps you guessing. Definitely a scent to intrigue. Not for the faint-hearted. 
A super genial piece of glamour-chic modern perfumery. Alien is weird, carnal/dissonant, floral/poudre, sweet/acid, in perfect Thierry Mugler's style. An hyper fancy synth sambac jasmine's rendition. Deeply influencing in my opinion the following Esoteric by Alyssa Ashley, this scent is an interplanetary barbarian, a sort of extraterrestrial, metallic, balsamic, synthetic frozen vanilla/floral serum's smell, a space shuttle in which I detect the hand of the sadly departed Laurent Bruyere, the king of chic fragrances, working in here side by side with Dominique Ropion in order to blend this sort of perfumed Swarovski. Many assume this is a modern daily time scent while in my opinion this scent is decidedly a night time fragrance even if not exactly dark and mysterious in substance. This one is essencially a chic and sophisticated evening creation. The first burst is earthy and citric-metallic, a sort of roaring synthetic punch that becomes soon flowery in a sophisticated way. The flower protagonist is the jasmine, properly sambac jasmine, a special quality which is assumed to be a pillar of the chic-aura's effect. As well as Foetidus mentioned, this kind of jasmine has an immediate earthy-rooty undertone which, combined with citrusy notes, determines a sort of " metallurgic-floral " opening. The heart introduces an accord provided by interaction between cashmeran, a woody musky element, and the admittedly synthetic Solar note, a sort of artificial element that I can't catch in its essence but that has assumedly a sort of airy, balsamic and vanillic hispid smell. The base notes are mastered by white amber, a softly woody-musky kind of amber, a sort of airy and sunny kind of woody-powdery aroma. Alien is a very chic and modern experiment which, on a pretty daring woman, could wave out as a dangerous burst of pure sex.
If you want a perfume with presence - the whole marching band  - you can always rely on Mugler. After the hyper liquorice sweetness of Angel- which I love - we get this, where jasmine flowers are amplified to a giant scale  Perhaps this is the alien element, something becoming bigger and more resonant when taken to an foreign environment - like innocous plants like privet hedging that when transplanted from Europe to Australia become giant pernicious weeds! After the overwhelming invading jasmine it dries down to a fabulous rich woody base - it's alien but it's gorgeous. I surrender.
An acquired taste but one it has been acquired, My GOD !!! It becomes ever so addictive and uplifting.This is one evening scent for jasmine lovers who enjoy mistery and adventure and wear it on that special time of the year when the opportunity arises...are we talking vampires???; well done to the 2 perfumers who created this masterpiece.

i often wear this on dates, intense, deep and sensual, often get good comments when i wear this, like alot of thierry mugler frags
Supersonic metallic jasmine that resonates in floral harmony for hours and hours.  This is 1 out of 2 scents that I feel are incredible independent feminine frags.  Black Cashmere is the other.  Both are beautiful, stunning, and gorgeous.  They also have a feeling of "look but don't touch".  However, I must admit, this is one of my wife's favorites and I fell in love with her as Alien being her go-to perfume.  What does that mean then?  Alien is perfect for a performer type of personality.  And on the other side, if you want to wear something that selectively attracts only people who are genuinely confident in what it takes to get to know you, Alien might be your calling.  If you want a fragrance that beckons the world to snuggle up to you, I don't think Alien was born to do any such thing.  With all that said, Alien is not for the timid.  It is for the driven.  
A very warm and comforting scent.  I would describe it as an oriental.  Even though many people have commented that it lasts long, it doesn't have longevity on me.  I would put this in my top ten perfumes.  Not for the shrinking violets though!
This is my current favourite. I am no expert in terminology but to me it smells so otherworldly in a fantastic way. A huge plus for me (and which led me to buy it) is its longevity. Nothing lasts on me except some four or five fragrances from the myriads that I've tried. It not only lasts long but it smells better and better as time goes by. It may have absolutely nothing to do with it in scientific terms but it also reminds me of one of my boyfriend's perfumes, 'Sculpture' by Nikos, this may have made it so familiar and comforting to me. Nothing to stand in awe of but entirely to be enjoyed. It is also intoxicating and addictive...so alluring, warm and sexy...I just can't stop smelling my wrists when I put it on. Definitely a thumbs up...two thumbs up I say!!!
All Mugler scents that I've smelled so far are tangibly sexy attractive. Don't know the secret, but I always feel physically attracted. I rediscover the notes in a different light. In this case, it's like "So, this is how jasmine could smell?". Something almost edible in the fragrance in both physical and spiritual way. Mugler perfumes always speak about some other world, maybe the future world or maybe some more conscious world. Half-human, half-superhuman.
Top notes:  Sambac JasmineHeart note:  Cashmeran, Solar NoteBase note:  White AmberLots of new words to learn from in this fragrance.  As mentioned by other reviewers, Alien opens with a synthetic explosion of … synthetics: I’m sorry, I can’t identify any notes through the chemicals.  The chemicals don’t last long and are quickly replaced by a sambac Jasmine and cashmeran accord.   A “sambac jasmine” can be either an Arabian Jasmine or a Hawaiian Pikaki or any of a at least ten other varieties of jasmine: Madhan Mogran, Rose, Motiyu, Bela, Mallipoo, Lei pikaki, Tea, Gundi Mullige, Sampaguito, Mysore Mulli, or Mali Chat… I don’t know which particular jasmine is used in Alien, but, in general, the sambac jasmines have a greener element to their aroma. The Cashmeran, on the other hand is easier to describe:  it’s the woody, musky, spicy 1,2,3,5,6,7-hexahydro-1,2,3,3-pentamethyl-4h-inden-4-one…  The combination of the sambac jasmine and cashmeran  accord is unique:  It’s a woody, musky, spicy jasmine… quite attractive, too, IMHO.  The center accord also presents Solar Note, which I Googled but couldn’t find any definitions, so I will assume that it is something that smells like the sun.  Finally we have a drydown of white amber… now I’m familiar with white musk but I had to Google “White Amber” which turned out to be “a soft and subtle woody scent, and works primarily on the subconscious to elevate ones awareness and state of consciousness...” according to Google.  Apparently the scent is presented as having some sort of sub-conscious or mystical agenda, and the marketing includes some kind of wordplay on the word “alien.”  I don’t know about that but I do like the fragrance.  It’s attractive and it truly qualifies as an Oriental, I feel, and it does present the uniqueness for which it seems to be striving so hard.  It smells quite feminine on paper or cloth, but on my skin it can easily pass as a masculine fragrance – in a sort of alien / masculine way, I find it mysteriously enjoyable.
Has anyone noticed that "Alien" is very like "Louve"?  I love them both for their exotic postmodern edginess.  Alien came first and is much less expensive... hmmm - not a hard decision when it comes time to replace sample with bottle. They both have an icy metallic quality which lasts and which I find refreshing when I'm not in the mood for sultry flowers and spices. Alien doesn't mix well with garlic or Gucci Rush, all of which I smell of at time of writing. I must get some art deco jewellery on.  Perfect.
When I first tried Alien, I was terribly put off by the sweetness of the the jasmine top notes.  This was a sampling on paper.  Fast forward several months, bored to death of mostly everything put out there lately, I tried Alien again--on skin this time...I was feeling brave.Trying it on skin is a different feel now. The jasmine isn't so in-your-face now, but don't get me wrong, it's still rather potent.  As it progressed on my skin, it smelled more and more comforting as the jasmine fades.IMO it's a play on the Mugler's Angel theme, in modern historical terms.  That what was thought as spiritual beings from heaven, it is really about visitors from the outer realms of the universe.  These visitors may be quite the angels that were described in ancient times. (And I just might be OD-ing from the History Channel!)Alien, to me, is a solar scent.  Bright, expansive, happy, peaceful, ethereal.  It gets better and better as the scent progresses throughout the day.  It doesn't get heavier, but lighter, cleaner.  The wood and amber in this scent makes the floral sweetness soar as an airy delight of flight.Now that I own the scent, I couldn't help but think I've smelled something in the same vein.  The floral woodiness of Alien was much like another favorite of mine--Versace's The Dreamer.  The Dreamer does it with Lily, Tobacco, Tarragon and Amber.  Alien does it with Jasmine, a Cedar-like note, and Amber.Both seem to have equal potency and longevity.  Careful with applying Dreamer/Alien on warmer and balmy days.  The lily/jasmine expands into a very bold aura around you as I've discovered.
I prefer Alien over Angel any day!! I find Angel nauseating, so you might want to give Alien a try if Angel didn't work for you.  Angel is very harsh while Alien is a warm, semi-sweet, floriental that is sexy and seductive.  There is a mysterious quality to Alien that draws me in every time I wear it.  This is one of my favorites and I reach for it on special occasions.  When I first spray Alien, the notes are a bit strong and somewhat cloying, but within 2-4 minutes it quickly fades into a wonderful floriental that I can't get enough of.  Alien lasts about 3 hours on me and then it wears close to the skin for another 3-4 hours.  The main notes in Alien are jasmine with undertones of deep, warm woods and a little hint of amber.  If I apply too much of Alien, it gives off a synthetic note that slowly fades away with time.  Alien is beautiful when applied in small amounts.  It's also very feminine and sensual. When I think of Alien, I think of a sultry, beautiful woman standing by a wooden garden surrounded by jasmine flowers.  As the wind blows, the scent of jasmine and deep woods linger in the air while she waits for her lover.  The moonlight is glowing on her skin as he slowly approaches.  The lovely scent surrounds her and it entices him.  He is completely drawn to her....he gives her a passionate kiss, lifts her up and carries her away under the moonlight .......IMO, this scent is very romantic... just lovely!
Hmm okay so this is my first review..... well, it's been my signature scent for 2 years now after my Dad got me a bottle for my 20th birthday, it's an amazing scent. I love ones which are very different and striking, and I think this definitely is... it's got the most compliments out of all of my perfumes. Even 'strangers' which I've never had before sking what it is!! To me (without the in-depth stuff cuz I'm no good at that yet!) it smells velvety, dark, sexy, magic, striking, unique, purple.... it does smell like I'd imagine purple to smell like :) I guess it's more of a wintery scent because it's quite heavy (well, to me anyway) but even last summer I used to spray about 10 sprays on me lol and no-one ever complained! hehe. I'd definitely say it attracts attention, and my GF absolutely loves it on me, it also reminds me of when we got together :-)Anyway sorry for the obviously novice-like review here!
This is chic weirdness at its best. While I'm very particular about what I regularly wear, I will smell and even try anything just once, especially if it captures my imagination. Alien does just that. The opening is an almost metallic green sort of smell, but not overpowering. It's enough to peak curiosity. As it develops, it becomes a lovely yet kooky sort of floral, dominated by a jasmine that is by no means indollic or cloying but still very recognizable. I then notice it becoming an envelope of warm, soft ambers and woods, all the while maintaing a glow of that metallic green note. The scent hugs the skin but still has some considerable sillage. This is at once inviting and familiar and yet remarkable. A must try for jasmine fans as well as cashmere-type fragrance fans. I am reminded of Led Zepplin's "Kashmir" (Or is it "Cashmere?") When I smell this. A definate must-buy, weird bottle or not, but be warned: it may not be for everyone.
I must say, the opening notes are scary to say the least.  They jump at you ala Casper the Friendly Ghost's very scary uncles.  If you are not the curious types, it will put you off immediately.  I, however, really wanted to at least give Thierry the benefit of the doubt after my many disastrous encounters with the ever so repulsive Angel.  Back to Alien - after the top notes sprung on me, they quickly faded into the heart notes, which had a warm yet cold aroma to them - I could tell that come the base notes, I will be sold.....and I was.  I cannot think of any word to describe it except "mysterious".  I think this is what an asteroid would smell like right after it hits the middle of the amazon forest - the asteroid would then smell like Alien right after the Amazonian rains pours on top of it.  It smells grapey but not fruity, soft but not feminine.  If tanzanite or aquamarine had an aroma to them, they would smell like Alien.  It is not a safe fragrance and when you smell it, you either hate it but are drawn to it or you love it and are obsessed with it.  It is one of those fragrances that you have to wear and carry off - otherwise, they overtake your life.  If you have no sense of style and are trashy and classless and love men with no tact, then this fragrance is not for you.  I personally love it.
Alien is not Angel.  It is nothing like Angel whatsoever.Alien is a jasmine-heavy floriental.  Alien is potent and leans toward being sweet and synthetic.  It's mostly a sweet jasmine fragrance with a brief green-ish phase and an ambery-musky base.I would compare Alien to Dior Poison in style and potency.I happen to like Alien.  In small doses it's beautiful.
This is one of my favourites in my wardrobe. It's dark and mysterious and sexy, but warm and inviting. It reminds me of the movie The Dark Crystal, probably because of the purple bottle. But the bottle is very descriptive of this perfume - deep purple is a perfect colour I think. Someone else said "green edges", I think that's spot on. I have syneasthesia, so when I smell a scent I see colours and textures. Absolute thumbs up - I would almost go as far as saying it may become my signature scent one day when I'm done "sleeping around".
I tried Alien this week, i have to admitt that i liked very much, well...i hate Angel..so i thought i would never like Alien, but this scent is so unique! it is like a velvety and elegant dark dress, so sensual and magic...i just love it!  
Ever late to the party I have only just now tried Alien - without expectations of anything. I'm still trying to get a fix on Angel and what all the fuss is about....but back to Alien. The first few seconds after the first spritz were chemically alarming - one jumped back from one's own wrist.But then! Warm and subtle jasmine with a slightly greenish metallic something hovering around the edges. Its underpinnings are ambery woods and the overall effect is somewhat "alien" and mysterious. I'm a jas-maniac and tis is going to have to join the harem.
What can be more beautiful than a beauty? A well dressed beauty. Alien is a well dressed jasmine, succeed to be more attractive than a nude jasmine. Good work. Must have for jasmine lovers.
One of the best Jasmine perfumes ever, period. It's a sultry, but not sickly, powdery, but not suffocating, lovely, sexy close-to-the-skin scent. Extremely sensual without being vulgar and very comfortable to wear. Gets lots of compliments too, which is a bonus!
I never quite understand why women who fall madly in love with Angel aren't able to put it in a separate category when testing Alien. Yes, they are both under the Thierry Mugler name, but that doesn't necessarily make them alike. I think that the name gives it away; Alien. it's not Angel Innocent, It's not Angel Garden of stars, it's simply Alien. Thus, when I tried it I had Angel out of my mind. What I've found with Alien (and every other fragrance out there) is that you must put it on for the "Fabulousness" to take effect. I tried the Perfume (applied with a nifty little gold wand) on my wrist, and went about my day. The way it smells is hard to describe. There's definitely jasmine in there, along with amber and a very slight green note. It almost has a "distant" quality, very synthetic-smelling, but very pleasing. I know that a lot of women are put off by it on the blotter, but I really advise applying some of the perfume oil on yourself and then seeing how you like it.
I love it, very sexy, dark and mysterious.  Though unlike most who find it cold I find it very warm and comforting.  But not comforting in an old slippers kinda way. Perhaps "inviting" is a better word.  Perfect to be worn on a cool autumn night out.
Delightfully bizzare yet, at the same time, familiar and exciting, "Alien" is the brisk, pistachio-like scent of an evening out under a dark, starry night sky or cruising with the windows down and "raisin' hell". It's an experience scent, where another fragrance exists within a fragrance--as part of a story, on a character in a specific time and place. This smells like getting away for a night after an event or holiday...and making out under the stars: Fresh, overly minty breath from spray and gum or menthol drops, perhaps a lingering scent of cheery-sweet cigars and coffee...you've worn your best, sultry fragrance and it's radiating off your skin...and the euphoric briskness of night air sneaks through cracked windows. This is a modern scent that couldn't be mistaken for any place or time before the 1990's---except as 90's cultural nod to 1950's pulp comics, t-birds, pinups and mod appeal...and, perhaps, medicinal rubs of the 1800's (the kind that smelled more like herbal perfume than medicine). This is the scent of "bad" before people grow up and understand what "bad" really means. Provocative, surprisingly nostalgic and exciting! I root for "Alien" because it's so dang weird and seems to embrace its playful weirdness. How can I snub my nose at that?

At the moment, I'm seeing this entry for Chanel No. 5 plus entries for No. 5 edp and No. 5 edt. This entry, then, is seemingly for the parfum and the edc. They can smell a lot a like, depending on which versions you get, and I've also smelled an edp of No. 5 that was the same / similar to some parfum and edc versions.

There are interesting versions of No. 5 that vary from the main idea (skanky edc's, really strong, beautiful edt's, and a recent edp that smelled off), but most of the versions I've tried establish the same smell: powdery aldehydes and jasmine plus woods. It's a perfume on the lighter side, but beautiful in its subtlety. 
Chanel No. 5 (1921) is an icon of perfumery, respected by people regardless of whether they like it, for what the perfume is, has done, plus how both the art and industry have been shaped in its wake. Perfumer Ernest Beaux proved his worth to Gabrielle "Coco" Chanel with No. 5, and the scent was many things to those who smelled it: a floral, a chypre, a status symbol, and a groundbreaking work of olfactive art with an unprecedented amount of aldehydes for the time, giving No. 5 its trademark plush opening which itself became a hallmark adapted for many future mainstream Chanel perfumes. There really isn't much more that I can say which hasn't been said by better people than myself, and Chanel No. 5 is a perfume nearly everyone in the Western world has either worn or at least smelled whether they're aware of it or not, but I'll try. Simply put: Chanel No. 5 isn't just an aldehyde floral, but is -the- aldehyde floral, and the perfume most people think about when they think of "that perfume smell", with a cosmetic empire carrying the Chanel double-C logo built upon its shoulders. Women predominantly wear it, but men can wear it (and have), with nearly anyone having the potential to enjoy it regardless of age, which is a difficult feat for any perfume to achieve, let alone one from literally another age. I won't lie, once you get past all the historic social impact hurgusburgus, the actual smell of No. 5 is the furthest thing from new and exciting, because like most things made ubiquitous from popularity, the style it pioneered has been done to death by others. Like Fougère Royale (1882) is to the fougère and Guerlain Shalimar (1925) is to the oriental, Chanel No. 5 to the floral genre a foundation that has been pushed, pulled, tugged, and imitated ad infinitum ad nauseam, but I can imagine how impressive it must have seemed in the early years. 

The huge aldehyde and bergamot push is soothed by lemon and neroli, a billowing opening that becomes a golden halo instantly recognizable when anyone wearing No. 5 walks past. The four core florals of jasmine, rose, iris, and ylang-ylang have been often featured in many perfumes since No. 5 launched, but here they are blended to perfection and unadorned with additional floral or spiced notes like past perfumes, forming the balanced core which is pure sunshine alongside the gushing top. The base is jam-packed with things from aromatic sandalwood and oakmoss, to verdant vetiver and patchouli, warm amber and vanilla, with a deftly light application of musk and civet to mix with intimate animal attraction of one's skin smell. All the resplendent top and heart notes really keep No. 5 from being anything remotely lewd, but it is alluring in the teasing manner in which one bats their eyelashes at a potential suitor. Most people born long after this scent had seen its heyday won't read even one iota of sexual provocation from the dry down of No. 5, thanks to the cultural ingraining caused by everyone's mom and grandmother wearing the stuff, but such is how it goes with long-lived popular perfumes. Overall, the golden floral that is No. 5 just feels like happiness bottled, with the only real competition it faced being the aptly-named Patou Joy (1930). Gender, age, and context are all illusions with this one. If you like it's voluptuous splendor, wear it and be happy. From my personal experience, Chanel No. 5 is admittedly hard to reach for, even as somebody open to perfumes marketed to the opposite sex from mine, simply because all the matriarchs in my family wore into the ground growing up, so I was enveloped in clouds of No. 5 the same way a man is consumed by fogs of Axe/Lynx spray at a gym. 

Even then, I acknowledge a level of comfort and gilded confidence in sniffing No. 5, a grace not found in the bitter 70's green chypres and poise missing from the terrible tuberose bombs of the 80's. Performance is all over the map for a scent with so many available vintages, but pure Parfum is the definite all-day radioactive glow of aldehydes, may rose, and aromatic fullness for which the scent is known. Eau de Parfum is the quietest in my opinion, with a soft-spoken low-sillage introduction to the main accord dialed down for intimate affairs, while the Eau de Toilette is technically weaker in formula, but has sharper citrus for greater sillage coupled with more-evident bite in the base, leaning more-masculine. The long-gone Eau de Cologne was almost "No. 5 for Men", with bergamot, aldehydes, rose, oakmoss, vetiver, and sandalwood stealing the show in the leanest, meanest incarnation ever produced, but also with shortest lifespan. Sampling is super easy because this stuff is everywhere, and of course I recommend trying because in case you've lived in a cave all your life, you need to at least know what all the histrionics and hype are about. I also think enough generations have lived and died that the style of No. 5 is beginning to finally borderline on irrelevant to the tastes of most young adults not versed in perfume history, so while we're at no risk of losing No. 5, recent flanker efforts to introduce "younger" iterations of the legendary accord prove to caution that some level of awarness needs preaching from its long-held fans to ensure future generations understand and appreciate this cornerstone of perfume. That's not to say every woman needs this in their medicine chest the way every guy is indoctrinated by his father to use Skin Bracer (1931), Old Spice (1937) or Pino Silvestri (1955), but No. 5 is an experience very much worth having. Thumbs way up.
Don't go for the lesser versions, or the newer updates (all the various concentrations and new formulations of No. 5). Go for the best: the parfum. The parfum stays with you and adapts through the day. By evening it's out of this world -- not by being overpowering, but in its subtle beauty. It's divine. 
And don't save it for special occasions; wear it as a day fragrance and love it. 
The aldehydes are "crisp".  Faint, but there, notes of citrus and neroli.  Thankfully, the heart notes come quick enough.  For some reason I don't care for the aldehydes in this.  I used to.  I used to love this perfume.  However, I haven't worn this in over 21 years.  I am thinking it must have changed.

I smell the jasmine, rose, ylang ylang, and lily of the valley in the heart.  Later, a peak of iris that adds a powdery-ness.  This redeems No. 5 for me, as I was beginning to feel very disappointed.  The base reveals some amber, patchouli, musk, civet, and vanilla.  Civet isn't too strong here, to my nose.

The eau de parfum version IS much better than the EDT.  I'll finish my decant of the edp.  A full bottle will not be on my radar.  I had loved this at one time - perhaps it was because my father would always give me a bottle for special occasions and I associate No. 5 with those lovely memories.
What a difference an age makes. When I first smelt Chanel No.5, I was in my teens and I  didn't like it at all. In all honesty I thought it was over-rated. Now a few decades later I love it. The ylang ylang and iris, stand out first for me, and  it dries down to a musky mix of sandalwood, a delicate hint of cedarwood and finally wraps up in a warm vanilla. I definitely feel this designed more for the older woman, perhaps because in our youth we tend to marinate in fragrances rather than appreciate the individual subtleties in a lighter spritz.
I've been a wearer of Chanel No 5 for several decades and of all the perfumes I have worn it varies more from one concentration or product or era to another than any other perfume in my experience. Therefore reviews of the scent in general leave me a bit in the dark as to which No 5 is being covered. The two products and concentrations I prefer and am reviewing here are the eau de toilette and parfum, which I find resemble each other most of all available formats, and which, although they have evolved over the years, retain the classic No 5 DNA the most.

I am a big ylang ylang fan and the parfum and edt seem to bring it out more than other versions. I think one also has to enjoy powder and aldehydes to like No. 5. The edp to me is an entirely different scent, in which the rose and jasmine stand out more. I also find it "louder." The edt and parfum do not project as much but seem to hover like an aura around the wearer and puff up from time to time during the day.  The "Chanelade" drydown is evident still, although today's edt is lighter than in the past. 

My mom didn't wear it but it was the signature scent of my best friend in college. During that time I abstained so as not to steal her thunder but once we went our separate ways it was all mine to enjoy! I find it discreet, refined and extremely easy to wear.

Oh--one more distinction: the edt available here is made in France and judging from former testing, is drier, not quite as sweet and powdery as the one made in USA.
That grandmother smell.
This is a positive review. I haven't worn it during ten years of parfume passion. I just smelled the bottle once. I don't know what was pushing me off. The popularity. The myth. The "madame" side of it. 

It won't become a favorite. But I'm here at the airport waiting for my flight and I feel pride and comfort for wearing it. It will follow me for twelve hours and I'm happy I chose it. 
Anyone who has watched home shopping channels for any length of time has heard the phrase "you wear it-- it doesn't wear you."  Now this is supposed to make you feel superior (with your whisper of scent) to those of us who still like to strut it (in the olfactory sense).

"The Five" does now, as it always has, wear me.  And I don't mind a bit.  

In my tiny wardrobe, I don't wear No. 5  or Panthere de Cartier as often as I do the others, but when I crave them, nothing else will do.  

For what it's worth, I have never craved any of the 21st Century flankers-- they remind me of hearing the Blue Danube Waltz-- played on kazoos.  Gimme the real thing, already!

Timeless and extraordinary, say no more...
I feel like I should be writing some sort of complicated review comparing all the concentrations and versions of No. 5, but really, I love the extrait.  That was the first version I tried and the version I ended up buying.

I think it's essentially an example of a perfect perfume.  The topnotes (sparkly lemon champagne and powder), the mid notes (soapy flowers deepened with clove and spices), and the base (super-creamy, rich musks and sandalwood over a full chypre base) are all great.  And the way the different themes interact with each other as the day goes on are always gorgeous and carry an engineered precision that is almost impossibly complex but also achingly beautiful.

Required sniffing.
For about 20 years I occasionally sprayed some of this from a tester, and what I got was somewhere between 'bottom of the fridge' and 'nothing', and I thought of it as actively unpleasant.  What was wrong with me?  It's glorious, but for some reason it never clicked for me until last year, when it sneaked up on me and showed its true beautiful nature.  Now, almost without me realising, it's my second-most-worn, after my great love, Mitsouko.
To paraphrase Cameron Crowe's Almost Famous, I'm about to go where many, many others have gone before, and try to say something insightful about Chanel No. 5.

I hadn't owned a bottle of No. 5 in so long that I was afraid I might not even recognize it, when I found a bottle of the discontinues Elixir Sensuelle on eBay.  I missed that train the first time, so I snatched it up.  To be honest, I was worried that it might be old, or even fake.  But I popped the top off, and there it was--that same, strange, elusive, weird, tickle.  

How to describe it?  Actually, trotting out the old Marilyn Monroe warhorse can be helpful, because Marilyn was a lady of very particular tastes.  She loved the color white to the point of obsession.  She loved Champagne.  She loved going without underclothes.  She did not love the "Happy Birthday, Mr. President" dress, but she knew it was a dress that "only Marilyn Monroe could wear."

Wearing Chanel No. 5 feels like fizzy skin of microscopic fireworks on the sheerest layer of silky golden white.  (Describing the scent is like describing the sound of something that's almost beyond your range of hearing. It's the wearing that counts.). It's like wearing the stuff of Marilyn's Mr. President dress, but you don't have to be sewn into it.  And you can wear it for whomever you want.  It feels like electricity.  It feels like magic.  
This is the perfume that my life partner seduced me with. Chanel flats. Black and gold outfit and all.
Have often sneaked some of hers. I think though, it is better suited to the Feminine.
I wear Bois des Iles and Cuir de Russie often. They are better suited to my skin.
To this day, when I pick this up, on any woman,
it has me stand up to attention.
I'm so pleased that I have waited this long to experience one of the great classics. Chanel's No. 5 is almost indescribable. It brings tears to the eyes. I won't try to explain the ethereal effect, the simultaneous depth and lightness of this great perfume.

What I wanted so to do was to run to my records and see how Coty's classic L'Aimant fared date-wise with the Chanel. They are so similar, but the Chanel has a depth in its base notes that so anchors the elusive whisps of Ylang, Neroli, Jasmine and Rose, so between the two, it does come out the winner.

I found that Coty's L'Aimant (1927) trailed Chanel's No. 5 (1921) by three years.  I am humbled.

I love them both.
I actually got a sample of the super expensive pure Parfum version of this scent, just so I could actually compare it with the EDP formulation I sprayed on my wrists a few days ago. The pure Parfum version of Chanel No. 5 is definitely one of the most perfect and beautiful feminine perfumes that has ever been made, hands down. I didn't really think so until I smelled it in that particular concentration, but yes, in the actual Parfum (Not the EDP) I think this perfume is a masterpiece. Unfortunately it IS prohibitively expensive, but I think it's worth splurging on if you can afford it and have the chance to buy it. I'm not as crazy about the EDP formulation that I tried on at the drug store the other day. It is essentially the same scent, but it doesn't come across the same way. Mostly, with the EDP my main thought is just "soapy, clean scent." Which is nice, there's nothing wrong with it, but I wouldn't pay a lot of money for it. With the pure Parfum formulation my first and immediate thought is: "beautiful, perfect perfume." Definitely worth the price. I probably should have tried the EDT formulation as well before writing this, but wasn't able to yet for comparison. But yes, the Parfum is gorgeous. Five stars, definitely. 
Marilyn Monroe always comes to mind.. I believe that should be enough to say about a timeless classic that is still a mainstream best seller and that has been talked about for just about a 100 years now. The epitome of sensual.
I have several vintage bottles of the perfume. I still put this one on when I want to lounge around in the morning, drink my coffee and read a book. It smells so luscious. When I am ready to get going out the door. I spray some Eau Premiere on the top for some wake up energy. 
Salutation.

To speak of the gorgeousness of No.5 is redundant,It is a goddess.Everyone who knows me well knows that i am not a big fan of CHANEL fragrances but as my reviews are truly then let me say this is supremely sophisticated.one of those fragrances that is absolutely unforgettable just like ANGEL,SHALIMAR and...one rooty perfume that is natural,queenly,fresh and just Fabulous.Sensual yet Laylike at the same time.

Striking and subtle notes of aldehyde and fresh air with weird undertones of precious woods and musk mixed into the perfect blend but the natural floral scent in the heart is more spectacular as it is very feminine and makes you think of a field of white flowers in the morning.it is not at all overpowering yet it stays with you really unique and beautiful and something you can totally imagine the creator smelling like.

The base notes are quite warm and musky on my skin. This timeless classic is excellent for anytime wear.one application to either neck is enough to cosume your entire body when you walk by another person for that person to notice you smelling great.A perfect fragrance for a perfect lady who so attend to class and tradition.


Sillage?Fantastic.

Longevity?Lasts and Lasts.

7.75/10
I do not think it makes sense to speak about the liquid of this perfume! My grandmother used this fragrance, and I suspect that even my mother uses both Laltrove 1002 and Chanel  No. 5. This fragrance is a beginning, a total break with the past. For the first time a perfume was produced by someone who was not a brand of perfumery, for the first time the use of synthetic molecules becomes a point of strength, for the first time the packaging is not a pompous crystal amphora, but a simple bauhaus bottle. This fragrance was a really school for perfumery and also represented the key reference point for all movements of innovation in the field of fragrances. What happened then? Nothing. For nearly a century the whole perfumery has contented itself with one purpose: to sell. There are only two scents that have attempted to regenerate the dusty world of fragrances: Escentric Molecules 01 and Peety by O'driù. The rest is: tabula rasa!
“Fashion is made to become unfashionable.”
Coco Chanel
This reviewer may have conflicts of interest
Beautiful. Have been fascinated with this perfume since I was small, and finally at 40 bought myself a bottle of the EDT. Actually, I bought the EDP first but was nearly knocked over by the strength of it. The EDT is much softer and just gorgeous. As the Chanel website says, you can spray it liberally and it just envelops you in this lovely cloud. Lasts all workday and I've never had a complaint, stays fairly close to my skin but I catch little delicious whiffs of it all day. The bottle is nice and feels luxurious, and the scent is pure luxury itself. I just love it. Soft but interesting, with different notes developing all day long. I never get tired of it. 
This has always been the first fragrance using, besides neroli and ylang-ylang, aldehydes heavily in the top notes and afterwards, and whilst it gives a certain sparkle to it I am not sure whether it is necessarily a sign of quality, but it certainly was a novel and creative idea.  The main wonder of this creation, especially in its original perfume version any years ago, has been the supreme quality of the roses; so delicious, natural and beautifully balanced by the classic jasmine notes.  The sandal in the base used to be of great quality, but over the years it has become a bit less special.

I get very good sillage and projection with a longevity of about nine hours in the perfume.

The original perfume is a classic - 4.5/5. 
This wonderful fragrance deserves its iconic status.  Men love it on women and women love to wear it--for a reason.  The sparkling aldehydes, the floral heart, the musky, vetiver base--it is beautiful through and through.  It must have been mind-blowingly original when it first came out and the way that Chanel has developed the brand--which has become a cult--is amazing.  Comforting yet elegant, totally feminine, it is as the Catherine Deneuve tagline went: "one of the pleasures of being a woman."  And yet.....  Is this the greatest perfume of all time?  Is this the quintessence of the perfumer's art?  Is this truly timeless, or a time capsule?  I wonder.  What I do know, though, is that the world is a better place because of it and women smell great in it and I am happy for Chanel's success in continuing to find new generations of wearers of this classic French scent.
Thumbs way up for a beautiful classic! This is the singular exquisite fragrance for women...floral and sparking with true read fragrance oils and a wonderful base of sandalwood and aldehydes. Feminine and dignified. Lasts for hours (8+). Exquisite!
Vogue's august editor, Diana Vreeland, as with many other of her pronouncements related to fashion, was spot on when she said that Chanel No. 5 really is the greatest fragrance for women.  And although, in the nearly 40 years since she made that statement, there have been other excellent fragrances, it's hard to think of a scent that says "formal" and "ready" like Chanel No. 5.  Others work fine for casual wear, but none I think come close to supplanting this fragrance as a woman's armor for the most important and intensely scrutinized of life's activities, engagements, and occasions.  The fact that most wearers don't see it as an everyday scent only serves to reinforce this.  It is truly a regal fragrance.

My mom gave me this perfume as my wedding gift in 2007 and I'm still halfway through. It is and still is my mom's all time favorite though. Honestly it wasn't my total favorite but the scent is acceptable and I usually wear it for special occasions like dinner parties or weddings due to it high silage and superb long lasting power. It is seriously a very strong perfume, so use sparingly. It lasts all day so only a little is needed. Smells as if there is a billion types of flowers being squeezed in a bottle. Classically powdery but nice and warmth. It surely made me feel classy and in control. Super pricey indeed for me but will buy it again if I ran out. Reserved only for special occasions only.
Mistakenly received this in the place of Allure Sport. I had a good fifteen minutes before noticing the sample's label. Plenty enough time to be hooked. Even though my typical favorites are very powerful masculine scents via 70's, 80's, 90's, I will gladly wear this out the door with no fears.
I couldn't afford it in my youth and always borrowed my mothers. It was my something borrowed on my wedding day. I have always got some in now that I can afford it.
Review for the Vintage EDT.

A truly perfectly balanced floral done in the way only Chanel could do. It is delicate and classy as well as being alluring and sensual, as if giving off a warm glow around the person who wears it, like a soft, golden "aura" following them.

It is subtle, but it compliments your own natural skin beautifully and it a natural way... as if enhancing your presence and making you feel beautiful and confident at the same time. 

Ernest Beaux, the genius that he was, knew women so well, this fragrance seems to work and adapt differently on each persons skin. It has universal appeal... and works well with women of ANY culture, creed or generation. There is a reason why this one is hard to beat, even after 90 years, and why it will still be around 90 years from now.
For mature women only !When I was in my twenties I would have never thought to go to the chanel counter in my shopping center. Because I just thought to myself Chanel no way. In my thirties as well. But now in my forties I decided to give Chanel no.5 a try all I can say is I love it.  The is really for a mature lady who can figure out its not about a old lady scent that most imature people would say but a scent for a big lady lol. A mature woman. Ive been wearing and alot of people ask me what iam wearing I tell them its a sercet.Pros: classic, mysterious, alluringCons: none"
Poster child of Aldehyde perfumesIf you like aldehydes, this is for you.  Despite the one-star negative reviews, this fragrance has been around for nearly 100 years.  It is a classic.  The aldehyde theme is neither cloying nor floral, but sharp and clean.  If you like fruity, floral, or sweet fragrances, stay away.  100 years of satisfied customers can't all be wrong...
Lovely...Classic	Received this as a free sample with a Chanel order.I wish my wife loved this as much as I do. Sexy without being trashy, sophisticated without being stodgy. There's a reason it's been around as long as it has. Timeless.Pros: Sexy and sophisicatedCons: None
I have to admit, I didn't want to love this one.  My mother wears it and has for my entire life and at first spray I can't shake the sensation that any second she's going to catch me in her bathroom and usher me to the babysitter while she and my dad get ready for a night on the town.  I wanted to casually try it and then move on, leaving No. 5 in the care of my mother and countless other ladies.

Yes, at first it is everything that I associate with my mother and perfume.  That extravagant opulence of the 80's, the carefully constructed hair laden with hairspray, the tinge of something unnatural that may be a cigarette or perhaps a drink, the strong invasion of flowers too profuse to fit within a vessel. Then something very interesting happens, after an hour this sculpted Venus began to respond to my own chemistry and emerged as something I had not expected.  No. 5 takes on a fresh and vital chracter on me with perdominant rose, a faint rich cream, and powder, but surprisingly vetiver has become the star.  Wow, it is beautiful!  Suddenly I begin to see how Coco herself, Marilyn Monroe, and my elegant-but-nononsense mother can all wear this sparkling, striking, masterpiece.

If you've never tried this for yourself for fear of smelling too much like someone else, you may want to consider giving No. 5 a test run.  You may be amazed at what she has to say about you!  
OK, this is going to be different.  I'm reviewing this based on how it smells on friends & family.  Some wonderful scents go rancid with my body chemistry or don't match up with my personality and lifestyle, this is one.  But I love smelling it on others who are lucky enough to be able to wear it.

It has a light floral scent to me, and maybe something like powder.  Expensive powder!  Pleasant & soothing, it seems like a year round evening scent.

I wish we had the option to rate with simultaneous thumbs up–thumbs down. Neutral is never appropriate for Chanel No. 5…

Thumbs up:
This is a post-modern work of art. (OK, a very pretentious statement, but let me explain). Whenever I smell Chanel No. 5 a classic symphony orchestra innocently chugs away while a loud distorted guitar screeches relentlessly in the top register. Somehow, the orchestra was brilliantly tuned to the guitar, allowing the dissonance to coalesce with the violins resulting in a haunting Gothic architecture (complete with flying buttresses—haha). This is the stench of bodies rising from the dead. Superb. 

Thumbs down:
Chanel No. 5 is the opposite of inviting; it is telling everyone around the wearer to stay away because we are going to war and expect to die. As a fragrance, it is more like war paint instead of make-up. Maybe that is the whole point, but yuck. Please stay away from me, Chanel No. 5.

This was my fragrance many years ago; given up at a time of great change. I always liked it's heady presence. It is unmistakeable. Anyway, here I am years later feeling nostalgic. I've invited it back into my life, wearing it occasionally when I want to noticed, and remembered. Welcome back my friend.
Timeless, classic and classy. I love the complexity of No. 5. Over the many hours that it lasts with my chemistry it magically morphs from one very recognizable scent to another. I haven't tried another perfume that manages that feat. 

While the scent is amazing, it's really too powdery to really be "me" (I'm more of an amber/citrus/floral girl). That being said I do enjoy wearing No. 5 from time to time. My mother has a bottle and I "borrow" some from her occasionally.
I am a (gay) man and I love #5 so much that I wear it myself as it works well on my skin.  I can also be perfectly layered atop a more masculine woody or leathery scent.

It is the purest jasmine scent I know, and it is so well constructed with all ingredients in perfect harmony that it is like listening to the London Symphonic orchestra or probably more accurately some French opera.

Though preferably used as an evening scent (perfume) this is the olfactory equivalent to a floral burst you get after prolonged rain, when the sun pops open all flower buds and they all ooze their fragrance into the open air on a perfect spring day.

If >>Shalimar<< is the slightly louder more "slutty" one (the 'Samantha' of perfumes), then #5 is definitely the more distinguished, romantic, big dreaming 'Carrie Bradshaw'.

I love this fragrance for it oozes class and luxury with the familiarity of "baby powder". Sheer amazing!
No. 5 is always the smell you have to be patient for. It begins so blunt and rides out so slowly and with unflustered ease, you begin to wonder what's so special about it. I remember smelling it for the first time as a teenage girl and thinking "Dust? Dried roses? Doilies?" Foolish, youthful me. 

Now I it's my black boots, my beige sweater and my nude lipstick of fragrances. It seems to go with everything. 

The powerful jasmine and ylang ylang that sparkle like matte sequins, the inviting sandalwood finish and the hint of rose are all part of the experience. I find the EDP to be long lasting, but not as whisper smooth as the other formulations. I find myself using the Sensual Elixir like parfum when I go out and applying it before bedtime. It should be noted that the Elixir does have a thrust of vanilla not found in the other formulas.

The drydown is intermittently my favorite part, especially as I go to bed. It's powdery, but cool and not heavily spiced or laden with sweetness. It's almost green, but not as green as No. 19. 

Now I wear it almost every other day. It's definitely my "safe" choice as the familiar aldehyde and jasmine scent is not exactly groundbreaking or thought provoking. It's just that aura of simplicity, svelte spirit and the feminine that keeps me anchored and confident. 
I'd never wear it for two reasons.  Firstly, I feel it's still a wee bit old for me.  And secondly, it reminds me of my darling mum.  To have this scent, so evocative of mum, every moment of the day, would just be too much.  She's in my thoughts all the time anyway.  But as it reminds me of her, and she was a very beautiful, way ahead of her time, feisty but gentle, very feminine little star, I have to say it is a stunningly beautiful, elegant scent.  I wish I could wear it, as I think it oozes class.  But even at 44, I still don't feel grown up enough for Chanel No 5.
If there is no Chanel No. 5 in heaven, I am not sure I want to go! This regal fragrance is sophisticated and classy to a fault.  This is THE classic perfume par excellence.  In fact, I would be as bold as to say it is an eternal fragrance.  It is still going strong after 90 years which in itself is no small accomplishment.  I wonder how many fragrances created in the 2000's will still be around in 2090...  My guess is:  not too many.  Ernest Beaux was a real genius.
Just imagine for a moment that a scent was a piece of music, No. 5 would to my mind be The Flower Duet by Delibes, now every woman wearing it is hearing the Flower Duet in their mind and they're entranced, floating along lost to the outside world.
It's lovely but everyone else has to listen to the music too, and just once in a while we'd like to hear something else. 
A great scent but overexposure has dulled it's beauty. 
This is an absolute classic. If I had a love of my life this would be it. I have been picking this out of my mothers dresser since I was 5. 15 years later, it is still my signature fragrance. So warm, so luscious, so sophisticated - a real masterpiece. 
The challenge of Chanel No. 5 is making her your own. 

It can feel weird to try to fill the big mommy shoes of this fragrance but so worth it when you do. Dry and warm and sweet and floral and legendary, basically the whole package. 

This venerable aldehyde-laden floral potion holds her own, even after all this time.

This get three thumbs up from me: for the parfum, the edp, and the edt.



I've read books, and plenty of reviews of this one. I'll start the way these reviews always do, and say this, I can't say anything that hasn't been said.

I adore my vintage versions of this organic liquid. They've taken on a life of their own. I like the androgynous Eau Premiere, the EdT is classic, the extrait is divine, the EdP is a bit heavy (and my least favorite), but I love the masculinity of all of my coveted, hoarded, and much sought after bottles of EdC. I wear the old EdC, and continually baffle people when I respond that it's #5.

There is a #5 for everyone, and, at some point, you'll learn to like at least one of them.
One must give Number 5 a good rating.  Who am I to negatively critique a timeless classic?

However, my 83 year-old grandmother wears this scent, and it is perfectly fitting.  Enough said.
Chanel # 5 is vivid and bright like a light filled canvas by painted by both Van Goph and Matisse.  Even its shadows  shimmer with the intensity of aldehyde spiral glows but its over all impact is the serenely elegant design of timeless florals that transcend florals or anything else fo earth and nature into a glowing radiance. This is perfumery beyond abstraction.  This is perfumery as effanescent radiance.

Every other one of the 139 reviews posted up to today begin with "I remember my mother wore Chanel # 5."   Chanel # 5 transcends reviews, or fashion.  It is the most popular  perfume of all time.  Its appeal is as close to universal as a thing of the real world can be.  It is not favored by country, social class, or even gender.  It is not really a feminine floral composition.  It is not sweet.  There are myriad masculines sweeter than # 5.  I am a man, and if it were not so perfect and seamless, I would wear it myself.  I am thinking I wil layer it with, perhaps Gurrlain Vetiver, or maybe a smokey Kolnisch Juchten in order to tone down its brilliant radiance.

What I require is a master perfumer to design in some flaws, imperfections, a ragged edge or to so that I could wear it without embarassment to my self, and self image.

My mother also wore it for most of her life.  For women it is both an idealization of what few but a woman who projects like Catherine Deneuve can wear without a kind of dishoesty of projection, and mysteriously, at the same time it can be worn by all the imperfect ladies of the world, for casual as well as formal occasions, and these women will be more assured and comfortable in themselves for wearing it.

In its unitary simplicity, and perfection is its mystery.

As a EDT it is at its most bright and sparkling.  As a EDP Chanel # 5 is more relaxed, and opens more slowly and with more depth but with less definition.  The new Eau Premiere is the vaguest incarnation (designed perhaps for the most immature but most "post modern" purchasers in some strange target group).  Of course, the Parfum Extrait should be the most perfect, unrestrained presentation fo the creation, and it is.

Why Chanel has not taken the recipe and stripped it down with a blemish or two for presentation as a masculin is beyond me.  

In any case, Chanel # 5 is beyond arguing, or reviewing, really.  It is in a class alone.  It knows no category.  It has no competitors.  There is really nothing similar.  And nothing to complain about.  That is sell so well year after decade with such consistency riddles all analysis.

Did I mention my mother wore it?  If it did not stand so alone, I would suggest that it is the mother of all modern perfumes.  However like many perfect examples rare in nature, I do not think # 5 passed on its perfection to any heirs.  We are lucky that it appears to be immortal.


I'll re-post my original review for Chanel No.5. And I'll keep on doing it forever. Once again, this is possibly one of the best perfumes ever created but the point within my review is slightly different. I'm trying to focus on the fact that if we all endorse the "best ever" attitude we leave no room for invention, for curiosity, for self expression and we react to other people's opinion just like the world of perfumery reacted when No.5 was originally released. At the time, brands by the likes of Guerlain used to keep the point that using natural ingredients in perfumes, was the only way to guarantee excellance. Then Chanel introduced on the market the first clearly chemical fragrance, declaring they used over 80 aldehydes to create this marvellous composition.

At the time it was absolutely blasphemous from Chanel and the world of perfumery splitted in two parts. On the one side we had those who felt almost offended by No.5, on the other we had people endorsing Chanel's choice realizing that No.5 was a revolutionary landmark in perfumery.

Said that, I'm trying to encourage people to be open minded, and most of all to respect other people's opinion...

Here we go....

Chanel No.5

OK, I know it may sound blasphemous from me (again) but we can't stand this perfume enymore! OK OK OK, it was revolutionary, it was the first floral- aldehydes scent ever created but please, let's go a little bit further now. I've nothing against N.5 that's an ABSOLUTE MASTERPIECE but I'm sick and tired of mid aged ladies wearing this fragrance and thinking this is the only scent available in the whole world.There are no more reasons to exists for Chanel No.5 besides being part of your own collection, but please don't tell me there's anyone still wearing this. Wearing Chanel No.5 in 2011 it's not anymore being elegant and classy...fantasy, please!
Always a favorite of my mother.  She has excellent taste in fragrance.  She wore this on special occasions when I was very young, so it has a great nostalgic air for me.  As an adult, I always found it a bit old ladyish, albeit a very sophisticated, moneyed old lady.  I recently found an old bottle at the Goodwill for 50 cents, which is probably around what it cost in 1921...well, maybe not.  Wearing it now, I find it an acquired taste, which I'm rapidly acquiring.  It's still so strangely modern; yet old fashioned at the same time.  It works a seductive spell and conjures the time in which it was created.  And still has so much to say about today.  How can you beat that? That old bottle I found is vintage and the "cologne" version.  I find it very soft.  Based on some of the reviews here, the greater concentrations seem like they're a totally different animal.  An old she cat in heat it sounds like.  But I like my little bottle of cologne.  There's an old commercial on Youtube of Catherine Deneuve for Chanel No. 5.  She says "cologne" in a French accent that makes it sound like she just invented the word.  I fell in love with her long ago.  Right now,  I'm falling in love with Chanel No. 5
How can I hate Chanel No. 5?  That opening aldehyde blast and bouquet of balsamic flowers to me, is sweet - in a good way, sweet like honey.  This is a perfume whose scent is instantly recognizable for me.  While No. 5 isn't my favorite Chanel fragrance, I still enjoy it and find it pleasant, and it *is* a Chanel, so I really have no complaints.  If I have a sweet tooth, I wouldn't reach for a "gourmand", I'd reach for this.  It's comforting and delectable, but never cloying or unpleasant.
This is the smell of a gorgeous, rich, sexy lady. A masterpiece. No more words.
This is a wonderful fragrance.  It reminds me of crisp winter days - and nights, of Christmas (first had it as a Christmas present), frosty February walks and meals out at Easter.  I like its sweetness but then I really dislike fruity perfumes.  I always want to own and wear this and it's fantastic that previous generations of women have enjoyed it too.  I don't think this has to make it an old lady's perfume or that anyone should use the term old lady in a negative way.  We are all maturing and mature is still feminine just as this fragrance is. Chanel No 5 is quite simply a beautiful classic fragrance to be enjoyed by anyone.
I love the Edp....Its stronger and richer than the Edt. But I have to admit, I acquired a taste for this (or smell, if you will) and also, since I purchased this on Ebay, I am not sure how old it is. I have a new bottle that was purchased and they both have a similar smell so I would say its fresh and vintage. One thing I have learned, if you buy a vintage perfume, you should buy a perfume that is either in dark container or a perfume that has been stored in its own box. They keep well that way and won't smell like alchohol. Anyway back to No 5. I feel this is a safe fragrance. I have some that would probably offend some one who can't stand fragrance at work. Cathedral, by Bpal is one. I absolutely adore this incensey perfume oil, but I could see someone &%$@#ing about it at work. Don't you hate that?? So go lightly. Also I seen the movie "Coco before Chanel" which is all in French and you have to read it, but it is really good. I came to appreciate Chanel and all her earlier fragrances after seeing this movie. She was a conservative in the way she liked to dress. Sometimes at work I liked to dress somewhat "manly" I call it. Dress pants, vest, tie, jacket and victorian boots witha low heel. Oh and a watch and fob. With Chanel no 5 to complete the look. Yeah. 
So well blended that it's nearly impossibly to pick apart notes. This here is the epitome of a woman's perfume, this is what perfume is, plain and simple.
I've had this bottle since late 80's and never really liked the scent on me but tried it again a few days ago and wow I think I'm in love.  I never remembered the smell to be so soft and elegant just beautiful.  I'm thinking it's time to re-visit some of my other oldies maybe they'll take my breath away too.
Marylin Monroe once said,"just a few drops of Chanel No.5 Perfume." In my eyes, Chanel is really charming and anazing.
My skin chemistry, always unpredictable and capricious, has changed so much that I've learned to be very cautious about re-discovering scents I haven't worn since 1967.So I was delighted to find that Beauty Encounter would, for $25, send me a little 5-pack, with parfum, EDP, EDT, and a couple of the variants.It was with great hope but also trepidation that I dabbed on a few drops of the EDP. Would it smell awful on me now? Or smell great and disappear in 20 minutes? Fresh from similar disappointments at other Fragrance Reunions, I held my breath for a second,  then realized that holding one's breath is probably not the best strategy for assessing the reaction of a perfume to how kind or cruel the years have been to that complex, ever-evolving  biochemical Party In My Epidermis.I inhaled. "You haven't changed a bit!" gushed No 5. What a relief! I was able to return the compliment sincerely.The evening was warm, and I just sat and let it continue to look at me for a while. It walked around in a circle, looking thoughtful, a finger on one cheek."Actually," it purred, "You are even more fabulous than ever!"I sniffed. This was true! The aldehydes that some of the young folks perecive as being "old lady," or "chemical," had rushed in, exclaimed a hurried greeting, and dashed off to confuse the neighbor's plump Fluff-Cat, enjoying its nightly role in the tangled pile of catmint we let spread out between a couple of spindly "show roses" specifically for its amusement.Almost immediately, something citrusy - neroli, maybe? - emitted a brief fanfare then stepped aside, and to my surprise, ylang-ylang glided in, one delicate hand draped across the arm of a handsome sandalwood escort."Yes," they nodded to me, then to each other, and then to the air, "we're going steady!"After they had waltzed around for about an hour, sandalwood stepped away to get ylang-ylang some punch, and she leaned over, and whispered to me from behind her fluttering fan, "it's serious."Sure enough, sandalwood returned with the punch, and playfully tossed a cupful into my face. "The same jasmine as always," sandalwood called over his shoulder, as he danced away with ylang-ylang.As they came back around, flushed and laughing, ylang-ylang fluttered her fan again. "You know he spiked it," she confided. "Yeah, with that baby vetiver," I retorted, drawing in a long slow breath, to catch a here-now-gone-now whiff of it. "But you love it anyway," sandalwood winked, and he and his new girlfriend settled down beside me, in a rustle of taffeta, to enjoy the rest of the evening, now and then refilling our punch cups and flicking droplets out into the night, to the delight of the aldehyde-addled Fluff-Cat, who was as enchanted as we all were by the gentle fireflies of something mysterious from a summer garden that twinkled like stars around us.
Weeks ago I smelled an extremely expensive parfum (amuage dia) and it reminded me so much of n. 5 chanel. Then I went again to smell what was remaining of my bottle of n. 5 and I realized how good, feminine, clear and deep at the same time this classic is ... And in the past I dismissed it because too many women used it! how wrong I was!
It has taken me many tries to appreciate the complexity of this classic scent. Given it as a gift when I reached 40, no other perfume says sophisticated aldehyde like this one. It's the aromatic of classy grandmothers, those former flappers shopping at stately hotel boutiques, and in the basements of expensive department stores.  It's never out of fashion with die hards. It is very difficult to get past the "old lady" first impression of baby powder, alcohol, tuber rose for the first few uses. It feels like a maturity branding, with a hint of golf mornings and mothballed closets. Then, a blast of more youthful peach and orange as it dries down on skin, and then it's like a window opens and night jasmine breezes in for a sweet yet intoxicating finish that forces a return again and again, as if hypnotized, in a determination to reinvent this scent for yourself.  The secret to this classic's success is that while you may be on the fence about it for yourself, kicking and screaming into middle age, it has its desired effect on your partner. For me, it took a dozen wearings to know what it was about. It's about creating a specific mood, and as such I use it sparingly. 
What can I say?! N°5 is, and will always be, THE classic.I own the 80s Eau de Parfum, which fits my bombasticpersonality best ... God Bless the House of Chanel!
 "Every man alive loves Chanel 5!"
Why N5 is still a great perfume after all these years??? Cuz is feminine and soft like a Sunset heaven Talc Powder..Firth of all the Neroli, Ylang Ylang and the lemon make a beautiful combination.. And then the Lily of valley, the rose and jasmine.. is just perfect.. some of the most beautiful flowers..And then the Sandalow, patchulie and vertiver puts a lot of personality to close this fragance, these three elements are strong but combined with all that beautiful flowers make a perfect balance...Chanel N5 smeel like old lady??? I pray to god that my grandmother could smells as well as N°5!!! 
My body chemistry has changed a lot. This used to smell shrill and sour to me, but I tried it a few weeks ago, and my head almost exploded trying to comprehend its beauty. Fresh, effervescent, a sun-bleached clean. I'm still getting over how good this stuff is. I get the "classic" thing now, oh yes. I see a few reviews complaining that the fragrance is such an institution that it wears them, and I can see that point of view. But Chanel 5, baby, you can wear me anytime.
This is a review for chanel no 5 pure parfum:Absolutely gorgeous fragrance. the first fragrance that actually works on my skin. I tried dozens of perfume and nothing ever works well until i tried no 5 pure parfum. I was skeptical of course because i tried the EDT and EDP version and they didn't work. EDT was awful on me and EDP smelled like toilet cleaner in the beginning although it softens later on. But I heard a review about the pure parfum and i thought i'll give it a go. I had to actually asked the sales person to let me try on the parfum because they don't have them on display. It smelled lovely from beginning till the dry down. My fiance loves it too. He loves to smell me when i wear it. It's a very wearable fragrance.I could actually smell the jasmine in the pure parfum (i can't smell them on EDT or EDP). After few hours, the parfum turns so soft and very lovely. The key is to dab them on the pulse points though. We don't want to smother other people with too much smell.I recently ordered the vintage version (old formula) of no 5 and can't wait to find out the difference!!!
The EDT- sparkling aldehydes. lighter ,airy but so beautiful .I don't know why but an image of beautiful cut crystal with sunlight refracting through it, comes to my mind whenever I test and and sniff the EDT . It is joyous and uplifting ,smells glamorous .The EDP - obviously denser, created by Jacques Polge in the 1980s. This version of No.5 has its merits- it still retains the gloriously feminine bewitching No.5 aroma but it has more ylang ylang in it ,on my skin . Although the EDP starts strong it is actually subtle and soft and lasts a good few hours.The Parfum extrait- all the concentrations of No.5 are different animals from each other. The extrait is an animal apart ! It's simply perfection .Just beautifully done classic french perfume. Real perfume.A light fresh start and then I get the most glorious Grasse jasmine which I just have to inhale before its gone . It's extremely well done,well blended perfume- I can only pick out the lovely jasmine in it.  It's warm ,subtle,melds with your skin , deep ,a delicious floral aroma, a little animalistic too .It's not terribly tenacious on me but then again, not much is. It lasts a few hours .Truly wonderful stuff.Honestly , if I can always afford it, I will only ever buy the extrait again, otherwise the EDT will do fine too. There is nothing wrong with the EDP but it's too 80s in style maybe ?? Eau Premiere- I am one of those people who really did not see the need for 'yet another' No.5 version. It's good jus but frankly No.5 was doing pretty well on its own .I don't dislike the jus but I would much rather have the extrait or EDT.I do not know whether the extrait has been reformulated- I know Chanel said something about No.5 not needing reformulation because it already met standards. At this point, it's probably irrelevant. The new extrait I have smells wonderful. I can sincerely enjoy it as No.5 . I know most people know the aroma of No.5 .If you ask the person on the street to think of one perfume- it would probably be No.5 - it is such an institution but I think they have mostly smelt the EDT and EDP on people and in stores. The extrait really is somewhat different. Definitely sample the extrait before you dismiss this perfume as 'old lady' ,'cat's pee' or whatever else, stereotypical, that comes to mind. There is a good reason why this perfume is known as 'le monster' and has endured through so many decades.
This is one definitely deserves a spot in the 'wonders of the world' line up.A heavenly classic...a  perfumery legend. 
I'm 20 and this is my go-to day time scent. Why? Because, on me, the EDT disappears after 10 minutes hovering very close to my skin. I have to literally have my nose against my wrist to smell it. Only when I sweat do I start smelling really good. Gross? yes. But then, who doesn't want to smell like jasmine and sandalwood and vanilla after they run up 5 flights of stairs? 
We cannot have a discussion of No, 5 without memories!  This was the perfume my mother loved, my aunt hated and I have now come to love.  It is so distinct, the essence of elegance and feminity which transcends the generations.  I have a small bottle of pure parfum which has lasted several years.  It is not my signature scent; alas, Chanel is so distinct it puts its signature on the wearer rather than the reverse.  

A rather antiquated opening of aldehydes and neroli which doesn't quite score with my nose. While the progression is expectedly complex, NO.5 grows so powdery that I get the impression of being in a cloud of talcum powder. Still I must say this is a sophisticated fragrance which should be experienced from afar because up close, the wrinkles start to show, revealing No.5's true age. But when the drydown appears I find myself eating my own words and appreciating why screen siren Marilyn Monroe wore No.5 exclusively to bed... *** This review is of the parfum, circa 2009 ***
I am currently wearing the EDT on one wrist and the EDP on the other. They smell like completely different fragrances on me!EDT: aldehydes and peach sparkle. It takes much longer to get to the drydown than the EDP, seeming like the summer version. I never smell just the heart of the flowers in the EDT-it has quite a zing all the way down. Reminds me of how Le Dix is so aldehyde-y (but with violets). I wore this in high school but I don't remember the peach. The never ending reformulation speculation continues...EDP: My current #5 preference.  This is how rose and jasmine are DONE. The top is much less intense, and is dries down quickly to a lush, slightly sweet, soft floral, with powdery woods.  This is what I imagine fields in Grasse to smell like through an open window in a quaint cottage.  I do not find it "too classy", "old fashioned", "too dressed up", etc.  I could wear this anytime, anywhere and feel lovely.  This scent is ALIVE!  With all of the "new-modern" roses comming out (YSL, D&G) I am hoping that #5 gets revisited.
I am currently wearing the EDT on one wrist and the EDP on the other. They smell like completely different fragrances on me!EDT: aldehydes and peach sparkle. It takes much longer to get to the drydown than the EDP, seeming like the summer version. I never smell just the heart of the flowers in the EDT-it has quite a zing all the way down. Reminds me of how Le Dix is so aldehyde-y (but with violets). I wore this in high school but I don't remember the peach. The never ending reformulation speculation continues...EDP: My current #5 preference.  This is how rose and jasmine are DONE. The top is much less intense, and is dries down quickly to a lush, slightly sweet, soft floral, with powdery woods.  This is what I imagine fields in Grasse to smell like through an open window in a quaint cottage.  I do not find it "too classy", "old fashioned", "too dressed up", etc.  I could wear this anytime, anywhere and feel lovely.  This scent is ALIVE!  With all of the "new-modern" roses comming out (YSL, D&G) I am hoping that #5 gets revisited.
This is for the EDT formulation, circa 2009:At first spritz I get fantastic aldehydes infused seamlessly with neroli and bergamot. A peach note is there as well. The peach is peachy-fruit, not peachy-sweet/predictable. This is infused with a pleasurable iris note. Beautiful rich Grasse jasmine comes to the fore and lingers and permeates into the woods below.Much later in the dry down I get a friendly and beautifully warm creaminess of sandalwood, vetiver, amber, oak moss, patchouli and nicely done vanilla. There are other things as well but I cannot quite tease them out. I can still detect that beautiful Grasse jasmine. I am really enjoying the character of the base, with the longevity enduring well into the next day. This abstract scent is thoroughly enchanting and never tires.If you are a fan of the Parfum formulation but until now, never understood how the two could smell of such different eras (Parfum 1920s, EDT 1950s/1960s), I strongly recommend a revisit. It’s clear that the EDT has been faithfully restored to the spirit of the original Parfum. I now consider this a long-term keeper.This is for the Parfum formulation:Sharper, richer aldehydes and neroli are immediate and engaging. The heady neroli and aldehyes are infused with a bergamot note. Rich Grasse jasmine begins to gain your attention and increases in richness. The neroli and aldehydes are seeping seamlessly through the jasmine and rose below it. The neroli and iris are still linking throughout.In the dry down I get a similar experience to the current formulation of No 5 EDT (see above) but more tightly structured and richer. There is also a hint of the rich neroli experienced earlier. One difference though is that the longevity of the Parfum formulation on me is fleeting and am left wondering where this enchanting scent has gone. I am grateful that this masterpiece has endured time and fad to be enjoyed today as it was intended.
I adored this smell.  My nose isn't very developed yet, so all I can say is that I smell the card with its scent repeatedly. I keep it in my desk at work.  Unfortunately, I could hardly smell it on myself, which makes me so sad. Not worth spending the money if I can't smell it!  Eau Premiere was more noticeable on me, so that's where my money will go.
this is a masterpiece... And unforgettable, elegance, classic, sexy fragrance.. if you appreciate good fragrances, so you will like this... a must have, specially for night outs...
While No. 5 is not my favorite fragrance, or even my favorite Chanel, I admire the way the slightly fruity aldehydes blends with the florals to float over the powder notes, themselves over soft woods, and possibly a buried hint of leather or warm skin. And while it does not project loudly nor build quickly, the perfume does embrace quite a bit of space over time. Perhaps another hallmark of just how well No. 5 was executed? This is good stuff. As dated as Chanel No. 5 may seem to some, I think it (the perfume at least) truly is suitable for women of nearly any age. Some men may find it easier to wear than some of the more omnisex Guerlains.  
This review is going to deal with the Parfum No. 5. I have sampled all the concentration so far - EdT, EdP and Eau Premiere, but I think the true, original formula deserves to be reviewed first.First of all, I am very delighted to possess the parfum. It smells history (whatever this means). I do not intend to write anything ground-breaking about No. 5 since in its nearly 90 years of being everything has been said. I would just like to sum up impressions on it, sort of verification. The parfum opens in a fresh, eau-de-cologne manner but definately thicker!, and I find it very delicious. It is lemony and clean, and since I recently smelled pure oil of ylang-ylang, I can say that there is ylang-ylang too. Not much later the jasmine-rose mix emerges. It is simply fantastic and gets dirtier with time. That is because of the jasmine. I do not know how a Mai rose (the sort used in No. 5) smells, it is said to be lighter than a Bulgarian rose. Going further towards the drydown the parfum gets more filthy. I find this stage at times stunning, at other times I am not very comfortable about it. But this can be the skin chemistry. The only disadvantage for me seems the sillage. After about 3 hours I am not sure whether there is still something of No. 5 on me. Now I would like to say something about the colourful imageries about fragrances, in particular about No. 5. People say it smells of minks, pearls and so on... Well, this is a very personal interpretation, and do not expect, you will be covered with a mink coat after dabbing No. 5. Therefore I support a "neutral" kind of describing a scent. Comparisons with mink are truly amusing, but it does not contribute to your own perception! After all, the juice within the bottle is what counts. And since not many of us have had the opportunity to smell an absolute of Mai rose or real Sandalwood, I find it even more difficult to rely on a particular review. What I can highly appreciate about No. 5 is that it seems to perfectly match the idea of Mlle Chanel - No. 5 is a clean (meaning not cloying) parfum spreading the smell of no particular flower - this blurred smell is due to the aldehydes. The second advantage is the highly acclaimed quality of the ingredients in No. 5. I blindly take it for granted (at this stage) and feel happy about it. Last words - 5 stars for No. 5!
I am a big aldehyde lover, and am always very sad that I just can't make No 5 work for me - something in the drydown sours on my skin, particularly in the edt, which I prefer over the edp. The opening of the edt is glorious, and shows why No 5 is such a timeless and iconic classic.  The edt and edp are different fragrances, though still with the characteristic No 5 scent. The edp tends to smell a bit more synthetic than the edt.  I am able to wear the lotion and cream though, which keeps a sublte No 5 aroma without causing the problems in the drydown. Sometimes I layer the No 5 lotion with No 5 eau Premier, which works nicely.  I highly recommend testing to find out which version works best. For me, thankfully, I can at least  wear the eau Premier version which is great in its own right. Unlike others I am not turned off by the fantastic aldehyde opening, but just something in the drydown.
If you don't understand the alure of No. 5, try it more than one time. Spray it far away and walk through. (Fresh, just took a shower) Spray right on the wrist and let it dry. (Sweeter, rich ) Dab on the wrist and rub around a bit. (Clean and green) It can be different every way. It took me 4 wearings to understand. Now I love it. EDT.
Chanel No. 5 is beautiful, classy, feminine, and sophisticated. It's one of the few fragrances that never feels vulgar. It's never overpowering, out of place, or distracting. On the other hand, you have its age and its popularity with all ages of women. Most men have an aunt, a mother, a grandmother who smelled like this in their youth. No matter how great this perfume smells on you, if you remind him of his mother, the relationship is a no-go. Fortunately my husband didn't have any relatives who wore No. 5 and it's one of his favorites. He can't keep his hands off me when I wear this. I suppose that's the point, but it probably wouldn't be my first choice. It's a little too safe. As I said before, there's nothing wrong with No. 5, but it doesn't excite me. The scent brings to mind a proper socialite wearing the classic Chanel suit with her heirloom pearls. Very classic. Very safe. It's up to you to decide if that's a good thing.
My lover was sweet and gorgeous but I was young and foolish and I decided I wanted something more.  I abandoned my lover and started on a series of short affairs: Ma Griffe,   Je Reviens, L’Air du Temps, and a couple of longer-lasting affairs: Ysatis before (I swear) they changed it, and Rive Gauche, for whom I still have very warm feelings.But lately I again wanted something new, exciting, different.  I embarked on a search but modern lovers are shallow, fickle, changeable,  cheap.  So I returned to my first love.  And as soon as I sprayed it on I relaxed. I had come home.  I was loved.  I was myself. I’m sorry, I’m sorry.   I’ll never leave you again, dear, darling, No 5.
I got this sample just because it IS such a legendary fragrance, I felt I was obligated to know what it smelled like, especially since aldehydes can't really be compared to anything I would have smelled. First sniff: I'm instantly 4 years old standing in my grandma's bedroom smelling her very slim perfume collection.  I'm smelling something so unfamiliar that my yet-developing senses have firmly established the bond; THIS is what perfume smells like.  Strong, elegant, complex, everything I admired about my very ladylike and exceedingly lovely grandmother.  And the "soap" smell that everyone mentions underscores the whole concept.  This scent is clean, not in a light gentle way, but in a scrubbed-as-only-your-grandmother-would-wash-you kinda way.  The kind of overprotective sanitizing that will remove any and all contaminants with very strong soap, leaving you as respectable as your grandmother can make a very messy 4 year old.  And then she'll beam at your radiant cleanliness and hug you tight, and you realize you smell just like her, in all her glory.
A perfect example of sleek, coherent  Art Deco aesthetics in every way. So seemless, polished and smooth that it feels altogether from another world. You really can't add or subtract anything from this. Hype doesn't survive this long.
After many wearings it finally happened. I bought a mini of the parfum and the angels trumpeted from the heavens! Okay, a bit of an overstatement, but like a number of others have pointed out, the concentrations are different and the parfum is the charm for me. It's not the aldehydes that made me shy away from other concentrations. I adore them in so many other perfumes, particularly in Chanels. The parfum simply has a richness that smooths everything out. The aldehydes are a bit muted, the floral heart notes seem to blend more thoroughly and the ambery, slightly animalic base is perfectly warm and sensual. 
As this is such an iconic fragrance I tried it in my twenties, but it didn't appeal to me.  Then in my mid-twenties, a friend gave me an EdT splash, a large bottle, and although I wore it and tried to like it, the fragrance and my olfactory senses were not compatible so I gave it to my mother.Before my husband and I were married, he came out to join me on holiday in Lindos, Rhodes and in the airport duty free shop debated which fragrance to buy me.  He was advised to buy Chanel No. 5 as "it's a classic".  He didn't think it was quite me and always felt that way until today.  I was recently given a sample of No.5 eau Premiere and I liked it, but it made me want to try the original.  So this afternoon I tried No.5 EdP on my left wrist and No.5 eau Premiere on my right then I did the Pepsi test on my husband.  Initially he preferred the Eau Premiere, but as time wore on and we had walked outside of the mall I asked him to try them again and he & I both preferred the orginal Chanel No.5.There's nothing more I can add to what's already been written about Chanel No.5, it is indeed something I could wear continuously, it's a fragrance that can be worn whatever the weather / season / occasion. On my skin it eventually turns warm and spicy,but as I sniff closer to my wrist there's a hint of green that creeps to the front and grows stronger as I inhale - this is the same scent that is more prevalent in the Eau Premiere.Anyway, on my 36th birthday I finally fell in love with Chanel No.5, long may it last! 
Hell has frozen over. I never thought I'd say this, but I love Chanel No. 5. Between reading books on the history of fragrance and reading reviews on Basenotes I am learning a lot and that has been instrumental in opening my mind (and my nose ) up to things. I was always puzzled by the populatity of Chanel No. 5, but I didn't want to give up on it. Periodically I would go to my perfume stash over the years and spritz on some Ch5 from the refillable EDT atomizer my mother had given me years ago, and each and every time, the opening blast of aldehydes would repell me and I would run to scrub it off. Then about a month ago I deceided I was going to get to the bottom of this Ch5 thing once and for all by trying various strengths and vintages of the scent. I already had the EDT (from the early 1990's), then discovered I had an EDP (new) strength among my many perfume samples. All I needed now was a vintage pure parfum. I managed to get my hands on a half of a half oz. vintage bottle (from the 50's judging from the stopper' shape). From what I read, it was Chanel's intent to have a perfume that did not smell like any particular flower or any other immediately recognizable thing. She desired something that was more of an abstract scent, free of perconceived associations, something that was it's own thing. As a painter I immediately understood that and proceeded to test all 3 versions of the scent with that in mind. I started with the EDT which I had had the longest. This time I waited patiently for the strongly aldehydic phase to wear away and was surprised to discover subtle leathery and animalic notes (does anyone else get that leather note?), that I absolutely love, in the drydown. Wow!. Next I tried the newer EDP. Interestingly, I detected a slight "fruity" note leaving me to wonder if this newest version had been slightly reformulated to satisfy the trend for scents with fruit notes. Last, I tried the pure parfum. That's the one that did it fro me. I don't know if time has mellowed the blast of aldehydes, or what, I just know that this version is beautiful from start to finish. The notes are blended so well that I can't single anything out. It is just it's own beautiful thing that changes and surprises me the whole time I'm wearing it. I love layering the EDT with the pure parfum. Not surprising, the new EDP is my least favorite of the three. I understand now why Marilyn Monroe would wear Ch5 to bed: when you smell your wrist in the morning, there are no words to describe how pretty that last faint trace of this scent is. There is nothing "old lady" about this as far as I'm concerned. In fact, I have no idea of what certain reviewers mean when they describe something as smelling of "old lady" and even though I'm not an old lady, I still find it limited and insulting. Do they mean smelling of a "classic scent"? Because that's the way I take it. I know that when some one says this about a scent, they mean it as a negative. However, I take it as a positive, and a cue that the scent they are describing is probably as far from a cheap, trendy, Paris Hilton or Britney Spears tooty-fruity gourmand as you can get.I can now see why Ch5 has been around for almost 90 years and will probably be around for 90 more. Thanks Basenoters for helping me to discover this gem!
Just a few drops of Chanel No.5...It is all you need.  
I could not resist getting this classic. I purchased a mini of the parfum after watching the Chanel bio-pic that was on a few months ago. I've always been drawn to Chanel's philsophy "simplicity is elegance". No. 5 does just that. A simple and elegant baby powder floral.  I actually wore this on my skin, dry men's skin, and it smells wonderful. Some would say "old lady" just because now the elderly wear it because they wore it when they were teenagers! Teenagers now can wear it but I suppose they are too used to dousing themselves in perfume to understand only a dab of No. 5 is all you need. If you smell it directly from the bottle or from the atomizer on a sprayer, you do not get anything as remarkable as you would on skin.Beautiful and timeless.
My mom and my dad's cousin used to wear this incessantly as I was growing up.  I hated it and thought it smelled totally over-the-hill.  In my early twenties, I launched a full scale offensive that ultimately got my mother into more "up-to-date" perfumes.  I'm now on the wrong side of thirty-five and recently smelled No. 5 again.  I found myself saying, "Y'know, this isn't half bad..."    I'm officially old.
No.5 EDT and No.5 Eau Premiere Comparison (see No.5 Eau Premiere for an extended review which includes more about EP)Left arm: Chanel No.5 Eau PremiereRight arm: Chanel No.5 EDTI own No.5, and received a healthy sized sample of Eau Premiere from the SA at Macy's. My No.5 is relatively new, so I am sure it is the latest formulation.Upon initial application, the main distinction seems to be a vast difference in the amount of aldehydes. The Eau Premiere does have a bit of waxyness (which I am sure is also from aldehydes), but it is not the extreme level that No.5 has. Also, since the aldehydic blast is less severe in EP, some fruit and floral notes are a bit more apparent.About 10 minutes in...the aldehydes have mostly burned off in the No.5 and are now down to a more approachable level, and ironically is less waxy than EP. The peach and white floral are coming through, along with a hint of spicyness. I cannot detect any peach in the EP. Right now it smells like a rather straight white floral with a hint of spice, and the waxy aldehyde still present. It definitely smells more "clean and modern", but so far is not as interesting as No.5. I am wondering if this really is just a No.5 without the aldehydes--any real differences are incredibly subtle.About 30 minutes in...the No.5 has settled into its typical peach, floral, spicy skin scent (beautiful, as always). The EP still is a bit waxy, but the spicyness is coming through more. I still do not smell any peach, but rather a rubbery synthetic note (latex-like), and some light powder.It will be interesting to see how these two wear on through the day. I can see that I might want a FB of the Eau Premiere, especially if it has decent longevity. It is definitely very "wearable". I am just not sure it has the same classic beauty of the original No.5. And owning a bottle of No.5 means I may have less of a sense of urgency about owning the EP.
There is a reason this is a classic. It's not inaccessible in any way. It's lovely & light yet rich & classy. Men adore it. Women want to be your friend when you wear it. & it only gets better as time goes on. It's perfect for work....& it's Chanel!Don't make the beginners mistake of smelling this out of the bottle or even on paper. It won't give you a migraine; just spray it right on your arm.

Tested a spray on the arm.

---

Soft floral with mostly rose and some white flowers. Calming and traditionally romantic and feminine. Lasts a couple of hours, which is nice.

It's the kind of rose perfume that wafts around you as you move, arm's length. Makes me think of ladies, of walking on a meadow wearing a dress.

Nice. Very rose-y with some musk as it evolves, warm and intimate.

I would rather have a little unexpected (maybe green, maybe dark and animalic) notes there, but that's just my personal taste.

It is quite nice and I would wear it if offered.
LOVE Chloe.  It's one of my favorites....good for day, night, office and date night.  Just the perfect blend of rose and lychee, without being too heavy.  Definitely a re-purchase someday!  
Gorgeous. I never knew a fragrance could make you feel so many emotions. I begged my partner for this for my birthday and almost cried when I received it. My one true loves of scents, alongside Curious by Britney Spears. 

Opens fruity and sweet, the lychee and peony make a beautiful partnership. The rose appears, but does not produce powdery on my skin, the magnolia add's an aquatic bed for it to lay in. The finish is the most heavenly cedar/wood and amber composition I've ever experienced on my skin. Like a warm hug.  

Chloe all in all will always be my one love of scents. However juvenile it's considered, this is masterpiece for those who love sweet florals. It is a fresh vase of flowers after the rain on a spring day. 
When I first re-entered the fragrance world a few months ago, I was struck by the profusion of soapy notes in the kind of greenish-floral perfumes where my perfume palate had formerly resided.  Had that smell of Ivory bars always been there?  Had my nose changed that much?  I'm still not sure.  But it put me off almost all green perfumes of the 21st century--at first.  Now I'm coming back around.  My problems with the smell of soapy aldehydes are less with the accords themselves and more with what they're doing in the overall structure in the perfume.  Used to good effect, the smell of soap can impart a delicious sense of tension to an otherwise straightforward perfume--the best example of this I've seen being the ribbon of soapiness running through the swampy depths of Weil de Weil, although you find an echo of the same idea in most of Mean Greens of the late 60s and 70s (Silences is a great case in point).

Chloe does a pretty decent job off bringing this style of perfumery into the 21st century department store/beauty specialty aisle.  It reads as a cocktail of freshly scrubbed tea rose, peony, and lily-of-the-valley.  It's almost achingly fresh.  Nothing in in this perfume is sweet, not even the alleged amber accord at its base.  And it lasts forever.  The downside of this update of green perfumery is a good dose of Calone---intended, I'm sure, to keep the florals smelling dewy, but a little crudely done all the same.  

So why the thumbs up?  Because almost everything else at Sephora smells like it would put you in a diabetic coma if you drank it.  I like the idea that this prim little floral can hold its own alongside all that sugar.  And it's good to know that, in the event of a minor Zombie Apocalypse (or if my luggage gets lost), if I get stranded in Upper Bumblevania, there's something on the shelf at the local mall that my snobby self can wear.  Because going without perfume is not an option.

----Edit----

It has been two years since I first wrote the above review, and I still have my little decant of Chloe; it has survived numerous culls and swaps and other opportunities to get rid of it, even though I went almost 24 months without wearing it.  However, a recent thread here in Basenotes started a conversation about perfume magnolias; and, when I searched the Basenotes index for perfumes featuring magnolia, this one popped up.  Eureka.

I used to think this was a weird waxy rose; but, over time, I've figured out that "weird waxy rose" means "magnolia" in the olfactory shorthand that--I guess--I'm still not 100% fluent in.  Now that I've nosed out quite a few magnolias (L'Instant, Sud Magnolia, In White, AdP's mag), I finally have something to hang this on.  And you know what?  I like it.

In nearly all cases (roses and jasmine excepted, sometimes) I'm not a huge fan of soliflores--that is, unless they find a way to truly evolve and behave like a complete perfume instead of just an excellent accord or two.  This is why, at the end of the day, I find myself gravitating back to major designers over niche and indie perfumery--even though I want to support the small guys, and (being an old punk) I feel deeply committed to DIY.  But sometimes I have to resist sticking it to the man, because the folks who know how to make a good "generalist" (in BN reviewer Zealot Crusader's words) are mostly classically trained perfumers who spend much of their lives in the trenches learning hwo to avoid the quirks and rough endges that we typically find outside of the designers and luxe niche houses. 9 times out of 10, the desginer stuff works better for me, mostly because I love the complexity and evotion of a well-make perfume.

I know nothing else in the world that smells like Chloe; it's prim like YSL's original Y was prim, albeit less the hyacints and narcisus, which helps Chloe avoid smelling cmpletely frigid.


I have a tough time with rose fragrances. A touch of rose or rose smoothly blended into the rest of the composition is one thing, but a straight-up, punch-you-in-the-face rose bomb is a nightmare. So, I must admit, I’ve sniffed Chloe EDP in the past, but I never really took the time to try it on for an extended period of time because, well, I’d have to smell it. But after recently acquiring a sample I decided to face my rose-a-phobia and wear the EDP for an entire day. The opening is soap with a juicy fruit note that is supposed to be litchi. The rose is bright, full of acid and slightly honeyed. The sharpness of the acidity is complimented by an almost metallic edge that slices through the sweetness and a green-herbal character keeps everything from turning into a juice box. It’s perfectly balanced like a good wine: the sweetness, acidity, and herbal accords strike a perfect harmony. Unlike most fragrances boasting a bright, tangy opening, Chloe preserves the tartness well into the drydown. Best of all, there is something truly universal about Chloe—it smells appropriate from 15 to 95.

Chloe has changed me for the better and next time I am at the perfume counter, I will reach for the rose fragrance with the same upbeat attitude typically reserved for white florals, woody orientals, and incense. 

5/5

I once attended a concert with assigned seating and sat behind a woman who was decked out head to toe in clothes from American Apparel and carrying a Matt and Nat vegan bag. She was wearing a liberal amount of Chloe Eau de Parfum and happily, as my husband and I sat behind her we were enveloped in her beguiling cloud of rose, peony, litchi and and freesia. I knew what it was, but complimented her on the way out just to be sure. 

This Chloe has been around for awhile and it has be worn by everyone and their mother, but that doesn't make it any less noteworthy. I always find it pleasurable to encounter it in public and love how the litchi sweetens the rose while the peony and freesia freshen and lighten the scent. Chloe has just the right amount of sillage to draw others in but not overwhelm you.  

The only thing that I don't particularly like about this is that the bottle top tarnishes over time. Otherwise, this is just about perfect for a designer release.
This perfume is the love of my life. It's always there for me and I keep going back! Tried and true. I do switch it up a bit and love niche/artisan perfumes, but Chloe is my all time go-to scent. It's very clean and classic smelling. I am constantly asked what I am wearing.
It's a familiar scent straight from my early childhood. I love the peony and lily of the valley; those 2 I can immediately detect. I don't get too much rose but it's not completely undetectable either. It lasts a very long time on my skin. Very nice.
Salutation.

The Rose is one of My Favorite flowers and This scent captures the Essence of that flower as Rose notes Gives a calming sensation,and Makes this Stylish perfume Stand Out. Yes CHLOE EDP is A Tribute to the world prestigious flowers Especially The Rose. Captivating,Refreshing, 
Intoxicating,Clean,Subtle,Delicate, Intelligent and Feminine.

CHLOE EDP is a Chic perfume But with a touch Old Fashioned for me. A Swift rush of Litchi and Peony in first That i was not impress with it but Graceful rose scents with Subtle Base notes due Amber makes A Natural Feel as well as Living. It With the Right Chemistry could be So Nice. It is not Overpowering,Cloying or Heavy as some florals can be. 

This Delightful Perfume is for a REFINED Character. Femme than Femme Fatale.Great choice for a Lady who Strives for Balance and Harmony.A EVERYDAY Scent In SPRINGTIME,Light enough to wear at Office too. If you are Looking for a Crisp Floral scent Especially Rose This one might Interest you But Test it First.

Sillage?Pleasant.

Longevity?Good on my skin.

7/10 
Sharp Rose-Peony	Despite the lack of love for Chloe here, I am one of those who has a great fondness for it. 	Octavian Coifan once described this as a a 'rose detergent' on his now defunct blog. I see aspects of that in the new Chloe but there is something compelling about its sharp rose and peony ,the clean musk . It is a very identifiable scent and very long lasting. 	I love Chloe and I am sure there are many out there who do as well -as this is a best seller. 	Good signature scent for the non perfume obsessed .Pros: Extremely memorable, tenaciousCons: Borders on laundry detergent smell"


Granted I am younger in the frag. world and still starting off, but I have always loved Chloe. Probably the most amazing bass to use when wanting to mix Jo Malone fragrances with. Trust me, no one will ever smell like you. 

So original, soft, and talk about tailoring to your chemistry. Great duration, and like I said.. even try the lotion and throw a 'Malone of your choice over it. This fragrance makes me feel warm and cozy, perfect for the winter without going SUPER spice, or woodsy. 

Even try throwing Marc Jacobs DOT over it or BCBG MAXAZ for a -strawberry- Chloe!
The lighter your fragrance over Chloe's the better.




I was in a pub last St Pat's day when I smelt this divine scent waft past me and had to ask the young woman just what she was wearing,"Chloe", she says, and drifts away again. It's not too often that I catch a sniff of a fragrance on a stranger that compels me to ask what it is - maybe it was the combination of a dark Irish pub, a few drinks, whatever - but Chloe smelt clean and musky at the same time and I was in lust at that one whiff!

After trying it on for size a few times in shops, I finally succumbed to a bottle two days ago and cannot stop sniffing myself!! For me, this is classic and clean with the beautiful lychee note (I loove lychees so this was always going to work for me) yet has that lovely floriental dry down which hints at depths unseen. In other words, it's not just another fruity floral concoction which blows away with the wind, leaving no imprint.

Had I only tried it on once, I might have dismissed it as too trendy but give it a second go, it's more complex than it first admits.
As a white flower lover, I had no choice but to like this. For me, I would rather smell girly and pretty than smell original. Easy, breezy, and pretty. Like.
The most feminine of feminine perfumes there is nothing masculine about this it's all girl to the notes and the design.The opening starts with an air of peonieswith it's petals delicate releasing a sweet aroma floating through the breeze light purple freesia joins and gives a airy scent gentile and innocent, Litchi dries the top notes and with it's sweetishnotes adds sexiness.Powdery rose is noticed here with a bit of a spiciness scent with delicate budsof lily of the valley just glades thoughthe the notes magnolia similar to rosealso brings spiciness but with an honeyaccord. i dectect a faint note of sandalwood for the basenotes and with the distinct warmness of amber i can'tpick up any scent of cederwood.Chloe Conjours for me an field of daisies and a blonde girl lying uponthe whole vast fields of them on a warm sunny day she grabs an stem from the daisy and blows and all the delicate petals float into the blue sky, when you wear this you get a sense of innocence and brings to child within you.

I really like this one for ladys.. Is an intense scent but won´t be a sickness!! Floral with a pinch of talcuum remind..
an older lady had this on and it just amazed me so i asked. mature and oriental. not for the faint of heart. very creamy and thick. old school in a new school era.
I so rarely come across fragrances which I really fall in love with, think about, and lust over. This one, surprisingly, is just that fragrance. IT is so elegant and ladylike - the perfumes of yesteryear - but at the same time there is a freshness and ripeness to it. I feel alive and so pretty when I wear this one.
I like this one. It smells like fresh ,clean clothes after being ironed.Great for the office and daywear.
I cannot tell any difference between this and the old formulation. Maybe something has been forgotten, but this is just like the original to me. It is a perenial favorite of mine, along with all the Lagerfield creations. It is beautifully sweet, and floral and the drydown, like the drydown of Tresor, is not floral, but sweet warm amber. Love it. It doesn't have the sillage of Tresor, lasts only 4 to 6 hours on me, with a sweet warm barely there scent for a couple of hours more.
Bought it for my Grandma. Think it is a, powdery, different, juvenile yet mature scent.It is also quite fresh.Never smelt something like it, must be the Fresia.Like it. But not for younger generations

  This is an absolutely beautiful feminine floral scent, that makes me think of warm weather and sunny Spring days when all the trees are in bloom and the lilac bushes are flowering! 
When you first spray it on, it comes out smelling like fruity orange drink or orange lollipop due to the super sweet and sugary clementine top notes. However, the top notes don't last very long at all. The lollipop scent fades out and disappears altogether after less than ten minutes, and the fragrance develops into a gorgeous Spring bouquet of lilacs and orange blossom! 
  I will say that, for a scent that is named "orange blossom", the lilac note is actually really dominant! I can smell the white floral notes, but I can probably smell lilac the most! Personally, I love the smell of lilac, and it's hard to find perfumes that come in this scent, so I think this perfume is wonderful! I know this whole line of colognes is made to layering scents, but honestly, I would buy this one and wear it on it's own! It is a very gorgeous, delicate, and extremely feminine scent, and I highly recommend it to anyone who likes white florals, but also to people who love the smell of spring lilacs. I don't think you'll be disappointed!
This was my wedding scent - chosen before my recent obsession with fragrance and my introduction to the niche scent world. Had I known about Frederic Malle, Terry de Gunzburg, Serge Lutens, etc etc. at that time, perhaps I would have chosen differently, but after spending weeks smelling things, this is what I selected. It is just all-around beautiful and not too heavy/not too light. I find the sillage and longevity to be quite good. I also now realize how much I love orange blossom and citrus-floral blends, and this one is so lovely. I have smelled many, many of the Jo Malone fragrances and this one is still my favorite, and everyone I know who has smelled it, has really loved it. It's just a sweet, inoffensive scent. Not the most unusual, but also not something you'd smell on anyone, and I have received numerous compliments when wearing it. Definitely worth a sniff, and perhaps a purchase.
It's no wonder that this has only gotten one negative review out of 22. The reason is that it's hard not to like orange blossoms, and this is as close to orange blossoms as you can possibly get. Sweet, spicy, and full of joy. My next trip to Nordstrom will be to buy this.
I agree with Quarry.  I like layering Orange Blossom over Narcisse Noir if I want to wear NN during the day.  Citrus scents can be tricky to me.  Sometimes the "straightforward, uncomplicated" ones end up smelling like my memory of Love's Lemon (everyone remembers this classic from junior high!)  or Lemon Pledge.  Orange Blossom has, to my nose, more of the soft round scent of the blossom rather than the agressively stringent scent of the fruit.
My favorite Jo Malone (though not a huge fan of JM overall).  Nice soft citrus - truly oranges.  Not anything complex or interesting here but a gentle and pleasant scent.
When it comes to florals, I am a purist. I like uncomplicated scents that smell like the real thing. This fragrance is all about orange blossoms. It's refreshing and, well, just pretty!  I'm sorry that it is not longer lasting. Yet, for a cologne, it's longevity is decent. I suspect that any attempt to improve the staying power would spoil the thing that makes this so special.
When I first smelt this scent, I knew it was a winner because it was like finding oneself seated in the centre of an orange blossom; it has an other-worldly quality which I think you only usually get when you're touching and enjoying the actual flower in real life.  I love the way it brought images of white flowers on naked skin to mind.  It has an added softness to the original scent of orange blossoms which makes this very feminine.  Absolutely stunning, I wore it on my wedding day.
Orange blossom is one of my least favorite notes, or so I thought!  This is quite lovely, I must admit, with top notes of mandarin and honeysuckle, and a heart where I can detect more mandarin, orange and orange blossom.  The citrus tempers the 'cloying' quality that I often get with orange blossom based fragrances, making it sharper and fresher and much more to my liking.  Though I'm not sure it's something I'll reach for to purchase, I'm grateful this fragrance has expanded my olfactory repertoire a bit, and I'll certainly be sampling it again! 
Love this incredibly feminine and refreshing scent.  Only wish it lasted longer!
My favorite Jo Malone fragrance.
Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful.  
I think nearly everyone loves this one, including me. 

Recently layered Orange Blossom with Red Roses and really liked the result.  Great summer scent.  
If the Jo Malone fragrances were more affordable, I'd have plenty of each to experiment with. 
I just obtained a bottle and I will be wearing it a lot this summer. Great orange scent with some added softeners! Layering with this should be great as well. Very pure but soft orange. Stays on well too and will be great with cinnamons for winter
Purists will adore this 'fresh from mother nature' take on Orange Blossom.  As for me, I prefer a refined orange blossom note...I find raw essences a bit harsh.  Jo Malone's OB also boasts a noticeable amount of jasmine, which is a popular fragrance note although not a personal fave.  I'm giving a thumbs up on this one because it has a "stand out" sort of quality - but I won't be wearing it.
Orange Blossom smells divine, but it's a bit too literal for me.  I think a layering of this along with a vanilla or a jasmine (more creative members can come up with better combos than my predictable ones) would make this a lot more wearable, while still keeping the vulnerable, sweet, honest, blossomy heart.
I ignored this cologne from Jo Malone for the longest time, even though I never thought it unpleasant. In fact, I ignored most of the line, because for the most part I find the scents too "traditional" and the prices too high for something so conventional. Another reason I ignored it was due to a sample mix-up: even though they were manufacturer’s samples, my Orange Blossom and my Lime, Basil & Mandarin samples got confused, and so I thought that Orange Blossom was a conventional citrus & herb cologne and dismissed it with no second thoughts. Than when I got that mini-package - an extra mini bottle of Lime Basil  Mandarin was slipped in as an extra, so I decided to give it a try. I quickly realized there was a mistake in the samples, and after further investigation learned that my charmging “Lime Basil and Mandarin” was actually Orange Blossom…I was just stunned by how gorgeous Orange Blossom was! This is no ordinary citrus, nor what you would expect from an orange blossom scent, and it is quite unique. The note that stands out for me is the mandarin. When I put it on I was immediately transported to our family orchard I took care of my entire childhood, where I played and watered and weeded the trees. It was one of my favourite places and any scent that brings me back there is welcome to my collection. The heart is definitely orange blossom, which is one of my most favourite notes,  and it helps that citrus top notes to linger just a tad longer than most other citrus colognes would.
Jo Malone Orange Blossom is one of the most beautiful things I've ever smelled.  It smells like an orange grove on a warm night with just ripened orange blossom flowers and hints of sultry jasmine.  This is perfect to lift my spirits and I love it in all seasons.  It makes me feel like I can live the romantic, carefree days of summer all the time.
I must amend my previous opinion (Aug. 10, 2005, review). I now so enjoy layering Orange Blossom with almost any scent that I've bought a full flacon. With Ambra del Nepal, I get something like Boucheron's Trouble. With Demeter's Wet Garden, Orange Blossom smells like it's really outside. I think this could be used remedially, too: If a fragrance sample isn't exactly to my tastes, the addition of Orange Blossom seems to steer the scent closer to where I want it to be.

Jasmin 17 is another thumbs up from Le Labo, but maybe not too exciting.  I agree that it might smell more like orange blossom than jasmine. I probably like this more than the leather (Cuir 28) and the vetiver (Vetiver 46), but not as much as the iris (Iris 39) or the ylang-ylang (Ylang 49).

Le Labo manages to smell modern without being too overbearing with aroma chemicals. This is a nice, simple, modern-smelling, wearable fragrance. 
An absolutely gorgeous jasmine note greets me, a classic elegant note that is as such not sweet.  Soon it emanates that this is more than jasmin, with orange blossom and sandalwood added in the drydown.  Later vanilla kicks in and this adds sweetness to the later stage of the development. This scent is made of high-quality ingredients and very well and smoothly blended. Poor silage but adequate projection, with a longevity of four hours. A great jasmine fragrance that is perfect for spring. 


With a delicate presentation of a potentially bombastic note, Le Labo has created a lovely jasmine fragrance.  Albeit via an orange blossum route I suppose.  

After an initial burst of sweetness and headiness from a wonder orange blossum note, this one shifts gears and softens up.  There is jasmine, but it is delicate, and I do not detect indoles to any significant extent.  It is almost the fragrance akin to the taste of jasmine tea, gentle and subtle but present.

The drydown is close wearing, continuing the soft and gentle approach.  Wisps of vanilla and musk, warm smelling.

A lovely jasmine fragrance if you like soft and pretty florals.  
A lovely orange blossom fragrance. Jasmine and vanilla are supporting players and keep the orange blossom sweet and non-indolic. Great longevity, huge sillage. I like it a lot but you better love orange blossom if you consider getting it. 
Le Labo continues to amaze me with their beautiful simplicity and their workshop-based concepts. Jasmin 17, although not anything outstanding is polite, refined and smooth. Everything that a jasmine soliflore should be.

Sarrasins by Serge Lutens is still my favourite jasmine scent, however when Sarrasins is too dark and rich for Summer, that's where Jasmin 17 comes in. This fragrance is a pretty concoction of light, transparent jasmine, a hint of orange blossom and milky vanilla.

Subtle and fresh, and in some ways innocent, Jasmin 17 is nothing loud or irritating, just delicate jasmine blooms resting softly on the skin. This fragrance is fairly linear, the only development being the appearance of the musk in the drydown.

Like I mentioned before, simplicity is what I admire from this fragrance house. Jasmin 17 goes to show that extreme measures don't need to be taken in order to achieve something lovely and fresh.

The scent also feels rather natural on the skin. There's a definite sweetness in Jasmin 17 that is most likely the result of the jasmine and vanilla blending together rather than a saccharine additive.

This fragrance lasts considerably well and the sillage is moderate, not too strong nor too soft. I highly recommend this fragrance to floral lovers and jasmine fanatics alike.
Tried this today and thought it was wonderful.  I normally steer clear of anything with a recognisable jasmine note to it, but the Le Labo version is lovely to my nose.  It starts off with a subtle citrus note and them seems to develop a sort of green tea freshness.  This may well disappoint hard core jasmine lovers, but for me it's the first jasmine that I've found that I know I will go back and purchase. 

As ever, a completely different smell on my friend, though equally loved by her for other reasons. 


I agree: 

      … that in the opening I smell more neroli (and orange blossom) than jasmine;   
      …that Jasmin 17 is fresh, gentle, and lovely;   
      …that there is a whispering sensuality hiding beneath the prettiness.  

This is not the way I usually prefer jasmine.  I prefer the indole laden, no-holds-barred jasmine.  But Jamin 17 presents a strong essence of non-indolic jasmine in such a diaphanous way that I can’t help but admire its purity, sensuality, and its transparency.  

…such a lovely, delicate presentation of such an imposing force.



Jasmin 17, youthful and feminine.It begins with bright fresh notes of Neroli Bigarade, Orange Flower and Litsea Cubeba... crisp green and slightly citrus.. completely unexpected and uncharacteristic of a traditional Jasmine perfume... As the sharp awakening notes calm, beautiful chords of fresh blooming Jasmine diffuse to the top... softly enveloping the citrus angles leveling off to a full bodied yet fresh Jasmine heart... Sweet, but gentle, white, and delicate...As it continues to dry down slight oriental mid-tones of Amber, Sandalwood, and musk seep through the elegant floral body quietly blending into a powdery whiteness...Fresh, feminine, sensual, and easily wearable by all.
Maurice took another route in fragrance making. A white flower scent, but he left a trail of powdery notes behind. Its a fresh white flower scent with woody, sweet and musky notes. Drys down as a gentle floral. Men love it on me!! 
This is the sexy cousin to Prada's infusion D'Iris, and oh, so much more up my street. Jasmine is usually dirtier, so it's quite something that this perfume presents it to us in a cleaner, veil-like way. It is this very quality that makes Jasmin 17 so seductive; the sense of anticipation and knowledge that the carnal nature of true Jasmine is concealed, with just two milky petals showing under a silk blouse.

I was having a lily craving this spring so I ordered a couple of lily scents to compare. This one takes the cake, as far as recreating the experience of having a vase full of lilies in the house.

It does a great job emulating the sweet, heady, almost tactile scent of lilies that can completely take over a space. It does not achieve photo realistic likeness; but uses other flowers as well as a spiced, sweetened vanilla to create that luscious, thick, full bodied scent that typifies lilies. Smelled side by side with the real thing, the opening of Malle's Lys Mediterranée comes closer, but in overall feel, Lys 41 is my favourite.


smells so natural with florals blended beautifully.tuberose make its presence known with a light musk, then all is wrapped in the arms of soft vanilla..
This is beautifully made and more complex than I had given credit at first sniff. 

This is all about lush, warm white florals. Each one gets the opportunity to have olfactory dominance at different times and I'm in awe of how perfumers do that! Lys 41 opens with large lily, then tuberose bleeds forward and after that I get a creamy warm and woody jasmine. This jasmine is lovely and tropical, not of the "cat urine" variety. 

Sillage is moderate to soft on dry skin and longevity moderate (7+ hours). 

Overall, it's a beautiful anytime fragrance. Sincere and elegant. She's the girl next door that you very slowly realize that you've fallen in love with.
I like Lys 41 for the reason that some reviewers don't like it - It's got a simplicity to it.  It's not really simple at all, with all sorts of well balanced florals coming up for air.  From one sniff to the next, sometimes I smell the lily, while other times I notice the tuberose or the orange blossom or the jasmine.  It's soapy and the lily has some grit to it, while indoles make sure Lys 41 doesn't become saccharine.  

That being said, I can see how people could want to smell this as the centerpiece of an aldehydic chypre, as opposed to just sitting here like a loud bouquet.  But I enjoy it for what it is.  Not everything can be Joy or No. 5 - there's plenty of room for a perfume like Lys 41, which is closer in spirit to big 80's florals like Giorgio Beverly Hills or Estee Lauder.

A lovely summery floral scent - very sweet the first seconds, but quickly a balanced and much less sweet blend of tuberose and jasmine develops.  In the  drydown a lily starts to blossom, and in the base wood is added - but the overall impression of a delightful summer floral remains. Adequate silage and projection with an excellent - for such a scent - longevity of over five hours on my skin.  
Shiny White FloralThis is quite a simple but stunning white floral composition. It's character is light and very slightly shiny metallic ( which must be the lily and musk thing going on my skin ) . I would go so far as to say it's a creamy beachy type scent. It's beautiful . A clean white floral ,non indolic, beachy scent with an ozonic type element to it. I think minus the jasmine and tuberose - this would just be one of those clean ' linen' type fragrances .Lys 41 has that  airy ,salty -sweetness  ,solar thing about it- salicylates ? If you love Malle's Carnal Flower- this is a good alternative. Also if you love Diorissimo - the new EDP version which has tuberose  - this is a good alternative as well. Love Lys 41 ! Pros: Beautiful White FloralCons: None !"

Jasmine calone. This is the first time I've not had a violently negative reaction to calone so there's that. There's something pleasing: sunscreen on a salt-sprayed beach perhaps. Nostalgic, synthetic. Wouldn't buy it.
Le Labo's names can be a bit like Oxford May Balls - rarely in May.  Here neroli is present in the background in the first few hours, but never dominating - that is left to orange blossom with mandarin, whilst in the drydown jasmine and a decent rose come to the fore.  Tonka takes charge in the base, so overall a white flowery composition with a tonka base. A bit unexciting and not exactly hyper-original, but exceedingly well blended of top-quality ingredients - just narrowly thumbs-up. 




Neroli 36 struck me straight away as being more mandarin orange based than neroli. There was also an obvious sweetness, which was very pleasant but far from the bitterness that this fragrance is supposed to convey.

As far removed from being a soliflore as possible, I did much prefer this fragrance over Annick Goutal's Neroli, which I found too herbaceous and citrusy.

The more the scent developed, the more it began to resemble a juicy, pulpy orange mixed with talcum powder. Not the nicest description I know, but far nicer when smelt.

On the Now Smell This blog, both reviewers mention an aquatic quality which I don't seem to get. The scent is certainly Summery and refreshing, but there aren't any oceanic notes in this composition, as far as I can smell anyway.

I really enjoyed wearing this fragrance while it lasted, which was relatively impressive. Perhaps the only aspect I didn't like was the drydown, which up close smelt like a pet-shop but from a distance smelt like orange-scented cleaning products with a touch of musk.

Every now and then, Neroli 36 gives off a soapy vibe, however I wouldn't go so far to say that it's particularly clean-smelling, the sweetness certainly prevents it from going that way. 

Neroli 36 is nothing ground-breaking, but it's certainly, in my opinion, something that lives up to its expensive price tag. Lovely, just lovely.
Absolutely wonderful.  The perfect blend of soap (and this is by far my new favorite soapy scent), Sea and Ski suntan lotion, and marine notes.  I'm transported to Stone Harbor, NJ, the summer of _____ (pick any--1967-1977).  Amazingly well done.  Wish list and full bottle worthy!
You want a fresh scent that you can smell on yourself all day long? N36!!! The marine notes are long lasting. High quality! Don't expect it to smell like your typical neroli. It is unisex but I find it better on a woman. A year round scent overall.
At first, I was not sure what the big deal was about Le Labo's Neroli 36. It seemed like a gentle orange blossomy fragrance that didn't have any special bells or whistles. But then, I wore it outside (which, in the summertime in Houston, is not insignificant) and Neroli 36 really came into its own as it melded into my skin in a charming way that is hard to describe. Neroli 36 didn't try to compete with the 90 degree heat but rather worked with it and subtly released its warm middle notes of musk and jasmine. Were it not for the prohibitive price and limited availability, I think Neroli 36 would be the perfect "beachy" scent, even above Bond's Fire Island, Bobbi Brown’s Beach, et al.  As compared to a fellow fragrances, L'Occitane’s Neroli (too sweet) and Diptyque’s L'Eau de Neroli (rather boring), Neroli 36 easily takes the top prize. Here are Neroli 36's notes, per The Perfumed Court: rose, musk, mandarin orange (slightly aldehydic), jasmine and vanilla.   

Very well done. Didn't think the Jasmine note would work well the other notes. I stand corrected. The coffee note in this is a plus. 7.5/10
I don’t feel it resembles Opium in any way, but it does resemble the floral gourmand fragrances on the market, with a beautiful -is it wine?- twist. It makes me think of a sweeter and cheaper version of Noir de Noir by Tom Ford. 
Great performances. 
Southeast Asia is one hot mess.. Literally.

With all thay humidity, dust and smoke from the traffic it is impossible even for an oil based perfume to last for at least 3 hours.

I am impressed with Black Opium. I did not intend to buy this, I was looking forward to get a bottle of Hypnotic Poison but it's always out of stock in the Philippines.

I have this sort of body chemistry that when a perfume is heavily floral or fruit based. The smell changes in an unimpressive scent. I am a vanilla base note person.

So, at first all that blossom, pink pepper and jasmin will hit you. Surprisingly I did not smell any coffee it just went straight to what I am looking for.. That pleasant vanilla scent. And sticks I don't know but I'm sure wearing it for.more than a week.now and I work from 8AM to 8PM at worst and it's still.there! Sweet vanilla scent and very delicate &#128077;&#128077;

This scent starts out with a wind of white sweet florals and pear with a pinch of pink pepper. Very ‘good girl’ or ‘goody two-shoes’ 

Then it spirals down into darkness of night and seduction. 

In the middle notes there is a heat of incense and woods, mixing with the fading florals and dying pear 

As it dries down it becomes an almost Marshmallow fluffy vanilla sweetness but the smell of the woodsy incense lingers behind it.

I can see where people get the sugared and creamy  coffee  in this, but I don’t per say detect coffee, it’s not acidic or bitter but rather a sugary treat. 

The longevity and sillage on my skin are impressive, people know me by this scent and I get compliments often. This has become a signature for me. 

Side note:
My man wears Nuit de L’Homme Intense by Saint Laurent daily and I think the two Black Opium and Nuit de L’Homme compliment each other well. 

Fell in love at first sniff.  Distinctive coffee and vanilla smell that I usually fall for.  Not too sweet or overpowering  and it lingers nicely.  
I have to give this a neutral because I expected more from YSL.  I won't give a comparison to original Opium; there is none.  It is as though YSL wanted to jump in, on the "Sweet Style scent" bandwagon.  

The first hour of wearing I get vanilla, pear, jasmine, and orange blossom.  Too much vanilla for me.  After awhile I detect bitter almond and licorice which makes it easier to live with.  Then finally when this has settled on my skin I get nice cedar and cashmere wood.  

In summation, it comes off as a cheap-girl scent for a couple of hours.  Then it begins to show more promise as a scent, recognizable as an offering by the house of YSL.
The notes in this are mostly synthetic it seems, but still.. it had good lasting power and sillage. The notes are coffee, white flowers and vanilla. Drydown is wonderful; slightly woody although I don't sense any patchouli (mentioned by a previous reviewer), but this is NICE ....real  nice. All you need is about 2 drops
I've never tried the original Opium and I usually don't go for designer-name fragrances, but was so pleasantly surprised when I tried a sample that I decided to buy a bottle. Although it's commonly recommended as a winter/evening fragrance, I think it's a pretty versatile scent. It's sensual but doesn't scream "sex bomb". Floral but not "flowery". I was looking for a scent that was more refined than what I typically go for but not formal. I love the patchouli and orange blossom notes. The white florals are probably why so many people think it smells like a lot of other popular fragrances out on the market right now. But unlike a lot of other popular fragrances, this doesn't give me a headache and I like the spicy/woody notes that are probably a nod to the original Opium. 

The scent typically lasts about 4-6 hours and I love how the scent evolves on my skin the longer I wear it. When I sampled it for the first couple of wears, I don't smell very much of the coffee notes but I definitely smell the vanilla. But then when I bought the bottle, I could smell a little bit more of the coffee but it wasn't strong. I've read some reviews that say it smells like a Starbucks. Again, the coffee is just hanging out in the background and almost undetectable to me. The smell overall is not acidic. It is an uplifting sort of fragrance, but the spice/wood notes mellow it out. Overall, I would recommend as a versatile feminine fragrance with warm sensuality.  
  This is nothing like the original "Opium." The only thing it shares in common is the name, and really, this one belongs to a completely different fragrance family! It's primarily a mixture of black coffee, sweet smelling flowers, cedar and patchouli, making it kind of hard to categorize in fragrance families! Initially, when I first sprayed it on, it reminded me of "Feminite Du Bois" by Serge Lutens, and it does have some similar qualities to that scent. "Black Opium" is much sweeter though, and also has an almost edible, gourmand Christmas fruit-cake quality to it as well, at least to my nose, and on me, it does! Some of you might think that sounds horrible, but to me, I have to admit, this is one of the nicest smelling perfumes I've ever had the good fortune to come across! Like the Serge Lutens fragrance, this one also seems classy and chic (to me.) Like the original "Opium" it shares it's name with, it also simultaneously seems warm, sexy and sensual at the same time! It's definitely a great perfume, and I highly recommend trying a sample, or trying it at your local department store or Sephora today, if you haven't yet! I think it's really worth it!  
My wife just purchased a bottle of Black Opium for the fall-winter weather.  I like the orange blossom, dark chocolate and jasmine notes in this and it seems to hold up very well in terms of performance.  The spices, vanilla and patchouli provide a further gourmand base effect, which reminds me of a warm winter drink.  A slightly plummy coffee note over a dark chocolate and vanilla bean.  It's a good cool weather scent, but my preference is still for the deeper, more elegant Tom Ford Black Orchid.  Black Opium will still do well in more casual activities of holiday shopping, house decorating and running about with our kids.  Thumbs up for me.

While I've worn both the EDT and the EDP, I find I like the EDT better.  This is a sweet musk.  If you want to try musk out this is the easy way to do it.  This is a floral woody musk which is one of my favorites.  Well my favorite would be a woody musk but the florals really cause this to be a nice clean sweet scent.  It's very very girly...quite feminine. I find it easy to wear and non offensive.  I really can't imagine an occassion that this scent would not work for.  It's a beautiful day time scent that can evolve into evening where.  It could easily be a signature scent.  
Narciso Rodriguez line has a very distinct touch and feel – as if all the fragrances would be a part of the same idea. The thing uniting them all is Egyptian musk that Mr. Rodriguez found in his travels to Egypt and fell so hard in love with that he decided – all his fragrance line will showcase this exceptional scent, partly clean, partly animalic and very soft. 

His perfumers actually use a blend of many different synthetic musks to create the ultimate NR musk. It is done so because quite a lot of people are anosmic to one or another type of musk, and the goal here is to showcase the musk instead of allowing a part of population to be unable to smell it at all. That's why there are so many differing opinions on NR fragrances – some say they are subtle, work friendly, lovely and squeaky clean, and some say they are dirty, sexy and attention grabbing. The truth is, as almost always, somewhere in the middle. And what a gorgeous smelling middle it is!

Narciso Rodriguez For Her EDT is the first fragrance of the line and the most popular of them all. (The pink EDP bottle came a bit later and started causing the confusion, because the EDT is a black bottle which comes in a pink box, and the EDP is a pink bottle which comes in a black box... And then just think about all these identical For Her rectangles and Narciso cubes that all look identical except for the colours and the juice inside. That Narciso guy is evil and I'm sure he knows it.)

For Her EDT was created by perfumers Christine Nagel and Francis Kurkdjian in 2003 and has the top notes of Osmanthus & Orange blossom, head notes of Musk and base notes of Vetiver, Amber and Vanilla. I can't say that I'm getting any amber or vanilla here, to me For Her is a soft, purring and heartachingly beautiful musk and osmanthus scent with woody undertones that make it less fluffy and give it more character. (The pink EDP has Peach and Rose in the top notes instead of Osmanthus & Orange blossom) and is a bit fruitier, sweeter and less woody/vetiver-y than EDT. Also, EDT seems to be just as well – if not better – lasting on my skin, so choose the one you like more.) 

They're both are great, they're all are great – but For Her EDT is the one that made me fall in love with Narciso Rodriguez scents, it still makes my eyes roll back every time I sniff it, it's just so sensual and elegant and soft.

Smells like an advanced hairspray but acts like a real perfume. Its crisp and light but with a profound intensity that really shines. Works better on the skin than on a blotter. Wears a realm of 'vintage-perfume' charm upon its sleeve while managing to stay a pure, simple and very amicable experience. Just good.
Dirty, bitter flowers at first.
Mellows and sweetens in the middle.
Musky bottom with a smattering of patchouli.
Finishes nicely, overall.
This scents like my Grandmother's sheets. They were laundered in a 60's floral detergent. Hung dry in the clean country air. Folded and placed in a Cedar chest. 
Now they smelled strongly of Cedar and the Floral was faint in the background.

This is opposite, Floral is in your face and Cedar in the background. Ultimately this is Woody Aroma Chemical (WAC)Saccharine.
It gets a thumbs up because it reminds me of my Gran. 
Don't know that I would wear it or have my wife wear it though.
Gauzy abstract white floral with a nice peachy voluptuousness about it and a comforting milky undertow. Has something of the siren lure of Rush without the latter’s pushiness. This is squarely mainstream made in the highly buffed manner of 1970s mixed florals, but when it’s done right, hey it’s the kind of perfume to spray on and head to the nearest convivial social gathering. 
Smells soft and welcoming to bystanders. Lots of airy musks involved but deployed well in the service of the floral notes. So smoothly executed, it’s a safe buy for purchasers of designer florals, but it also has the ability to remain interesting to those of more particular tastes provided they approach it with open minds.
(Review for EDT.) 

Found a sample of this in a drawer, and never having worn it decided to spray it on. Quite feminine and 'girly' of course, but also quite nice too, especially in the opening. Getting a lot of musk from this, along with the florals (rose and iris, two that I can live with). Younger or older women could wear this, and probably a man could too, if he were so inclined. Not sure that's me, but this is quite a good designer release, in my opinion.
It's perfumes like this one that give me an all new appreciation for rose. (Heck, and musk!) These two dominant notes aren't ones I typically seek out or go weak in the knees for, but here they're just so soft, feminine and pretty. It does have a freshly laundered quality - clean, warm. After a while, the rose wanes a bit and peach and sandalwood come out to play. For me, peach and sandalwood are a great match that always go so well together, and there's no exception here. This is when it goes from powdery to a little more creamy, as well.

Somehow, this reminds me a lot of Midnight Oud by Juliette Has A Gun. Much less woody, but the rose in each fragrance stampedes through your senses just the same way. And, both fragrances remind me of walking through the woods in the springtime - trees and bushes just bursting with fresh blooming flowers. Feminine, sensual yet inoffensive - It makes for a versatile scent that can be worn for just about any occasion.
Salutation.

When i first smelled this EDT captivated my senses immediately. It is more Lovely than Male Version and Less Romantic than EDP Version.I am loving this scent.Everything about this product is NICE. Sultry,Sophisticated, Heady,Hot,Provocative,Little Sweet, Creamy,Modern,Feminine and Heavy.

When you enter the Room heads turn and people want to know what that Mysterious fragrance is? Sharp Opening.Orange blassom and Light amber supported by Warmth of Bergamot in the Top notes.NR is a really beautiful dark floral for me.

Generally it it chic and exudes Seduction yet maintains a Hypnotic presence.I would Highly Recommend this EDT with assurance that you wouldn't be disappointed if you are a Smart LADY and definitely 25/40 years old.It is ideal for a SPECIAL occasion in a WINTER Evening.

Sillage?Great.

Longevity?Very Good on my skin.

7.5/10 
I was prompted to write a review of 'For Her' after smelling 'For Women' (white bottle) a few days ago.
This is the one (FH) with good sillage and elusive musks, the EDP is peachier with definite stickability.
The EDT is the equivalent of a Toyota Corolla, ubiquitous, rust free, user friendly with good economy. It lacks imagination but statistics show it benefits from repeat purchasers, and you can soup it up with the 'In colour' or 'Musc Intense' add-ons that men love, like a leather bound steering wheel or Recaro seats. That men love this is not in question, my husband loves the sillage hours after I have put it on.
Let's face it, it's a must have, it's your favourite pair of jeans or possibly your favourite pair of knickers; you, but better, with Narciso at the leather bound steering wheel, cruising the Napa valley, tasting astringent wines that mellow with age, For Her in a Toyota Corolla.

It was only seconds after first applying Narciso Rodriguez for Her that I realized I’d need to spend some time with it. It’s appeal was immediate, but not easy for me to fathom. Its profile is distinctive and instantly recognizable,  yet every time I wear Narciso Rodriguez for Her I smell echoes of other scents. So while it does not smell at all like Angel, it shares partly in Angel’s uninhibited flamboyance, and completely in its willingness to play games with gender expectations. The animalic musk and woods at the core of Narciso Rodriguez for Her are no less “masculine” than the patchouli-soaked woody oriental accord beneath Angel’s fruity florals. 

On another wearing it occurs to me that Narciso Rodriguez for Her is a sort of modernist gloss on Chanel’s Bois des Îles, from apricot-inflected osmanthus and orange blossom top notes that reflect the Chanel’s peach and neroli, to the parallel construction of its musk and reconstructed sandalwood drydown. The “modernism” manifests itself in simpler construction, comfort with exposing blatantly chemical ingredients, and an overall sense of comparative bluntness.  If Bois des Îles is rendered in oils, Narciso Rodriguez for Her is an acrylic painting. Likewise, to borrow an anatomical metaphor, where Bois des Îles displays a glowing, unblemished skin, Narciso Rodriguez for Her reveals the skeleton beneath. 

These echoes of genre-defining woody oriental predecessors detract not a bit from the pleasure of wearing this scent. Perhaps that’s because, for all its embrace of the obviously synthetic,  Narciso Rodriguez for Her exhibits sufficient  balance and integrity to convince on its own terms. Too bad Rodriguez followed this up with the relatively insipid Narciso Rodriguez for Him. They’d have done better just to amp up the vetiver in this, put it in a different bottle, and sell it to the guys as well.

This is a review on EDP; the pink bottle.

My favourite perfume at the moment. 
It is unique & sexy. It has prominent rose & orange blossom notes but it’s not like a typical old lady’s scent; with the musky base notes, it is feminine and sensual and definitely for the women with confidence. It has really luxurious floral scents and smells absolutely beautiful on me. 

Years ago, in early spring, when I was strolling around Valencia city (Spain) enjoying the lit up historical buildings in the night, I ended up in the plaza with several stalls selling flowers. All the colourful spring flowers were radiant in the dark and, as I passed them, I was enveloped in the composite of floral scents filling the air. This fragrance reminds me of the magical feeling of that night.

I adore it!
EDT. Really nice. Feminine, but could easily be worn by a daring male.
Shouts it is a Kurkdjian work, has signature of him overall. It reminds me a mix of Lumiere Noire pour Homme&pour Femme, but of course leaning to the feminine side. Very classy and women who discover and wear this is very lucky (NR being not very popular brand here in my land) 
I think this scent is delightful. Light, sexy, with just a tiny bit of sparkle. 

Yes, it smells delightful--in the bottle. 

It smells nonexistent on my skin. I can barely smell anything. Other people can barely smell anything. They have to jam their noses right up against my skin to smell anything at all--a ghost of a scent. Heartbreaking. 

I have ben reduced to obsessively sniffing the bottle for my high. 

This is no way to live. 
Like walking into a florist's shop at midnight. Dense, musky, tropical flowers and foliage. Quite dreamy, for some reason it causes a nostalgic emotion in me. I get visions of Elizabeth Taylor and troubled love...uh, where was I?...this scent is very boudoir-like and old-fashioned. Also, doesn't have top quality composition, tends to fall apart in the end and display the hem of its synthetic underskirt.
This is for the EDT.
Words cannot accurately describe this fragrance. It is now my signature scent. 
It is sheer, somewhat translucent; yet very present, comforting in an exciting way(!), and concealingly enveloping. Very tactile indeed. It starts with a dominant note that I cannot identify at all, sort of like a incensey/smokey ghost note that can't be grasped. It has a "warm skin" quality that dominates, but not sun-kissed, as this is a night time scent for sure. The "ghost note" makes room for orange blossom, musk, woods and a few others I'm not familiar with. The honey flower note seems to last the longest on my skin. 

Irresistible super sophisticated concoction, one of the best "things" of the modern perfumery (I talk about the juice in the pink bottle, the EDP version, the one I've tested on my skin and that my girlfriend has worn for a period few years ago). First of all this is different, really different from the modern gassy-plastic lollipop kind new feminine concoctions around. Chic and glamour. The aroma is neither gourmand nor caramellous or powdery-synthetic (anyway in a sheer way), is instead averagely sharp, musky and slightly balmy but with a touch of classic exoticism and an outstanding floral discreet  sophistication. This is a modern fragrance that expresses a traditional , indipendent and solitary concept of femininity. The scent is musky, very musky and rosey with key roles played by orange blossoms, bergamot and amber. The mystery is enhanced by a silent lush sambac jasmine while the extreme sophistication owns a secret with the name of iris (anyway that's what i think). The aroma is at the same time erotic (may be also a touch of honey is hidden in the blend), sensual, almost corporeal, intimate and ethereal...a rarity. Something laundry and soapy, may be the combination of rose, iris and musk, sparkles in the air exuding from the complicated wake of orangy, rosey and ambery musk, sandalwood and hyper lush osmanthus. The femininity is intimate and a bit mysterious. A touch of vanilla and patchouli imprints more depth and silence. I figure on mind the image of a young, discreet girl elusive in the shadow.
One of the very few interesting compositions of the last decade among the designer's range. NR for Her is a tremendously radiant concoction of woods and flowers (mainly orange blossoms) laying on a masculine musky base. Its main appeal lies in its incredible distinctiveness made of an unmannered beauty and charme. Elegant but not affected, NR for Her takes immediately the distance from nowadays clean fragrances by introducing a bold ambery/musky base that continuely winks at many classic compositions from the past. At the same time its perfect balance and refinement make of NR For Her a very versatile fragrance that's perfect for both younger crowds as well as for mature wearers. Very good.

Let someone who's not into perfume smell this, and if he/she likes it you just discovered a new potential perfumista. A contemporary classic.
This is a dark, warm,and sexy fragrance. Not much floral in it at all on me. Sadly, it doesn't last as long as I wish it would. But I love it while it's there. 
This is one of my favorites.  A very sexy smell.  Maybe a bit too much honey flower (or whatever that is that smells like honey) for my taste.
It took me many years to warm up to this fragrance but I finally did. The white patchouli note in the base used to really jump out at me too much, so I never really tried wearing it. when I finally did I was so pleasantly surprised! it really calmed down on my skin, and turned into a unique and wearable fragrance. I think LT called it a "radiant wood", and that sounds about right. The osmanthus note is very very pretty, and this fragrance is a compliment-getter. Not the rarest scent out there, but a very special scent to me.
This review is for the EDT in the black bottle...

Wow!! I think this is pure sex in a bottle. At least it is for me! Beautiful, lusty, ambery musk at first...and then a sweet floral dry-down that teases and teases. 

During the first two hours of wearing this, it occurred to me that it smelled how I wanted a masculine cologne to smell on a woman. I realize that doesn't make much sense...but...I have a fascination with cologne and sometimes I think I have found the perfect masculine scent for me, and then, oh no, I find something about it I can't stand. The top and heart of this fragrance made me think about this because of its beautiful musk accord.

Beyond that, it does have a very unique floral dry-down, which is very interesting, as most perfumes are vice-versa. I'm not big into strong florals, but NR's trail suited me just fine...even wearing a suit today! It made me feel feminine, confident, AND sexy. 

Lasted almost ten hours, too, which is very impressive in my book. Now I see what all the hype was about!

Jan
13
2009 

(Edp Review)

I was waiting for a fragrance like this, honestly, today floral scents are beautiful but so weak, i still need some heavy and aggressive fragrance, just to feel alive again. In this case Narciso Rodriguez For Her definitely fulfill my expectations..

The initial notes are fairly woody and intense, then after a while powdery flowers with a strong presence of musk begin to bloom. The powerlasting is good. Just to add: This scent is not for everyone.
This fragrance is amazing, one of my all time favorites. The woody and musky overtones create a very sensuous and sophisticated fragrance, perfect for a night out. NR for her is all class. 
This parfume has got notes that are not easyly distinguishable. I couldn't say exactly what makes this scent smell of "woman". I can't detect fruits, flowers, or woods in its olfactive pyramid. There is a sort of unrecognisable ingredient that makes NR4her a sofisticated product. In my opinion this is a sign of modernity. Too bitter and "dirty" for me, but very nice.
I agree with angelica when she says that it's the 21st century's No 5! NR for her is so feminine, classy , radiant, modern but also traditionnal in its perfection and conception!Try it!
The 21st century's No 5...................................
I liked it. It is a well blended creamy musky and close to skin scent but is not weak or transparent. None of the notes hits your nose or comes front, has a nice harmony ;just a good choir would have. This harmony reminds me of the very first scent i had in high school; Babe was also so well blended that a friend of mine was suprised to see it is a perfume. It smelled a lot like skin and less like any common note. Whitemusk when balanced with fruits can do the magic. but do not take it easy as it has been tried thousands of times before and very rare of them got the justifiable repute of Narciso Rodriguez for Her.
After sampling the EDT and EDP several times on many occasions, I'd have to conclude that both seem to be very different scents altogether. Personally I prefer the EDP which I find creamier, much richer, more powdery, and has a more distinct floral sweetness to it. Both are synthetic smelling but in a good way like Clinique's Happy for Women. To me there isn't a hint of fruits at all in both concentrations. 
I am fascinated by the wildly confliciting opinions this perfume generates. I have to say I didn't think much of the EDT or EDP, not bad but nothing to make me charge for the register either. However, I am addicted to musks, and oils in particular work well for me. So I went for the Musc for Her, I think the scent translates so much better in this form, it's smoother, prettier, richer but still quiet. On me it's a innocent clean floral musk, a daytime fragrance . I just don't get the sexy vibe others mention. I guess my sexy is a little dirtier. I think it's quite pricey for a strictly daytime scent, however, the quality is there, the oil is thick, the scent is concentrated - just a dab or two really will do you all day. The packaging - opaque black bottle in a sturdy reusable black box is perfect for storing indefinately and even though I use this as frequently as any of my others, it will easily outlast them all.     
The one in the black bottle. You know that heady, invincibly sexy feeling you get when you're just the right shade of tipsy, the night is young, and you're looking like a million bucks? If that feeling were a fragrance, NR would be it.
it's the amber that is its downfall.  i can handle strong orientals and chypre and a light musk.  but without fail, an amber note will give me a headache and have me running to wash it off.  I love smelling it in the bottle.  but once it gets on my skin, i can't stand it.  
This review is for the EDT, which is the superior version of the two.The first words that came to mind upon smelling this on a smelling strip were:- Radiant- SeraphicOn wearing, it feels like the radiance of the sun at noon in an early spring day.It also smells like a niche perfume (Tocca's Cleopatra). Does not smell like SJP's Lovely at all to me (not too impressed with that one).This is marketed a feminine? Could've a fooled female coworker who thought it's a men's.Note: Tried the EDT. Not impressed with the EDP - cannot smell the EDP much at all, even after a few hours. The EDT lasts for 6-8 hours.
My fiance loves this scent - he apparently read about it in some or other men's glossy, tested it at the perfume boutique and came back weak-kneed.  I went hunting for it to test and I was not disappointed.  I like "ghost" fragrances - ones that are unusual ("not safe") and not overpowering (ones that people don't immediately comment on but ones that linger in a person's imagination until they smell the perfume somewhere else or on someone and immediately get reminded of you).  My signature perfume is Euphoria by Calvin Klein.  I have only used 2 perfumes in my entire lifetime: Tommy Girl by Hilfiger and now Euphoria.  My other favorite is Alien by Thierry Mugler and now, Narciso Rodriguez for Her EDP.  I love Rodrigues solely because it smells elegant without being girly and overtly feminine and it has the "ghost" effect.  For a perfume snob, Narciso has done very well.  I love it.

I have the EDP as a gift back in 2003, I still have it.  It's sophiscated, subtle and youthful unisex scent.  It can easily be mistaken as one of Serge Lutens creations.  A quiet warm woody oriental scent.  It has a nice depth of musc and complimented by all these ingredients all blended so well together, that musk eventually becomes skin scent.  A little pleasantly bitterness to my nose. Mmmmm....  Despite the fact that it's been around for awhile, and has been popular for awhile, like Envy and many other great creations, I should judge it as it is, a thumb up for Narciso Rodriguez for Her!
One of the most beautiful scents I've ever experienced. It's deep, feminine and extremely sexy. I have to agree with "hester" that it is a very intimate smell. It's so earthy and dusky, but also so smooth. It is very similar to SJP's Lovely, but it's not as flirty and light... it's much more sensual. One of my friends had a whiff of it and described it as 'mesmerizing' - i totally agree with her. Definitely makes the top 3 of my all-time favourite scents!
A nicely crafted fragrance, yet it smells very old. Like very old. It is the choice of many young women (a lot of friends of mine use it), yet I haven't met anyone that this frag suits. It is just too safe and smells very tired to my nose. Like insignificant. Gorgeous bottle though, true work of minimalist art. I wish the juice had matched the container.  
I have the EDT - I'm confused about this scent, because I see the EDP advertised with different scent notes - anyone know what's up with that???  Anyway, I LOVE the scent of the EDT and it works just perfectly for me - I love the little touch of honey you get right at the start of it, and the bits of woodiness that gradually seep in as the day progresses.  This is a perfect scent for summer ... or for recalling summer during the winter.  Lovely stuff.
So finally I got the Narciso Rordigues for Her, almost two years after it´s release in my country! It took a while to be able to try the EdP, that is why. On my skin the EdT and the oil don´t come out at all, but the EdP do instead! The EdP is a high quallity perfume, really longlasting, and keeping it´s tone all the way! Perhaps this is what I like the very most about this perfume! It is quite silent, but there all the time! I wonder if this is a summerfrag as well, I hope so! Two thumbs up for Narciso Rodrigues for Her EdP.
There can be nothing as sexy as this (I prefer the EDT)! A gay friend said it smells lovely, very intimate and 'like womens' underwear' (because he'd know!). I adore how this throws a cashmere-ey veil around me, how you mustn't try to get too close to smell it, how it radiates woman and sex and love.... mmmmmmmm! It could get too sweet on hot days, though, definitely, and its presence is stronger than the wearer suspects (must be the musk). If only it were at all affordable! In South Africa it's very much at the top end, price-wise.UPDATE: I bought it! The big bottle, too! Now I'm (perhaps unwisely) wearing it on an unseasonably hot day. We'll see how that pans out, but I sprayed with abandon last night, and this morning I still smelled like the best thing on earth. The way this stuff merges with your skin! LOVE.
An incredibly beautifully floral fragrance.  The balance and refinement is exquisite.   The opening presents a simple and direct use of orange blossom and osmanthus supported by the elegant ambers and vanilla of the heart notes.  The longevity of the top two levels is superb and the movement from top to middle, from middle to base is seamless.  The base completely measures up to the excellence that preceded it: an exquisite woods and musk transparency.   Without a doubt, Narciso Rodriguez is already a classic.
This perfume is so special.  The first time I discovered it, a sample body cream, I had to have it.  It has become my signature fragrance.  Yes the EDT and EDP are quite different, but yet the same!  The EDP definitely has a rosey aspect to it and a little more intense.  Love the drydown to that sun baked sand, amber, honey, so comforting.  I love the body cream also.  It's expensive, but worth every penny.  Couldn't be without this one.
I've only tried the EDT version, and enjoy it. A creamier, sexier version of SJP's Lovely (though NR came first). A sophisticated musk, it would be appropriate day or evening, in most situations.  I don't find it particularly sexy, but rather classic and and ladylike.
This is my current "go-to" fragrance.  I rarely wear anything else.  I own the EDP.  I found it sweeter on my skin, as it has a heavier "honey" note than then EDT.  Dry down is heavenly.... its currently been almost 20 hours since I put it on this morning.  It seems to have become part of my skin, as I can still sense it every time I brush my hair out of my face. 
After compulsively buying this wonderful Musc oil, and rationalizing "everything is expensive" now-a-days, and then having a wee guilt attack after...especially realizing I probably wasn't going to eat well this next week at the loss of $150...I must say I'd buy "Her" again in a heartbeat. I have been trolling for new fragrances these last few weeks, and been mostly disappointed in the lion's share of scents I could find locally. I asked myself what I used to like and wear when I was a young girl...would I still like those same things? Ahh, I remember...musks! Back in the 70s and 80s, when musk reigned supreme, natural was "in", and we were all in touch with the earth. The memories were happy and compelling. Then I found NR "Her Musc" and have been bowled over, taken prisoner, and scent-washed beyond redemption. A very quiet, rich, floral musc that merges with your own oils to create a warm exuberance on the skin. No sickeningly sweet anything here. Earthy, sexy, natural (much more sophisticated than those I used to wear!), and simply hedonistic. I couldn't ask for more...I'm still a musc girl in every way. The staying power of "Her" is unending...it's there until you wash it off...always quiet, always softly wafting nearly unconsciously through the brain. I also plan on buying the EDT or EDP at some point...they're beautiful as well...but I'm in no hurry...I've captured the weightier soul of the fragrance in this oil, and can wait for the lighter side until it beckons. I relish this find, and love wearing this nearly perfect fragrance. Notes:Honey Flower, Solar Musk, Orange Blossom, Osmanthus, Amberlyn, Vanilla, Tactile Musk, Tactile Woods, Vetiver.
This is a sexy, almost animalistic scent, yet at the same time very feminine, in an old-fashioned, classic perfume manner. The combination of the two - animalistic and feminine/ladylike results in a unique scent with true 'va-voom'!
This is a very seductive fragrance, a passing, over-the-shoulder glance in a floor-length gown. The EDT starts very rich, dark but not confusing or overpowering. An atypical musk accord, amber, and sweet woods combine to create a dense fragrance, a dark veil of sensuality. Similar (yet richer) to my nose in philosophy to Prada's feminine amber. 
For Her edt is a clean pretty musk on me but also has depth from honeyed notes and woods which I can't pick out. I used to own SJP Lovely as well as For Her but gave that one away because it was too light in comparison. I would describe For Her as a 'comfortably sexy in your own skin' scent.
I must say that I was shocked by the beauty of this fragrance.  Not only is this a high quality frag, I smells like a real rose not an interpretation of what rose smells like.  Very classy.
I wear the musc oil and love it. Did not care as much for the edt and the edp, which were somehow too heavy. The musc oil is whisper-light, sweet and clean smelling on me. It is pricey but worth it, IMO. It stands above the cheaper Egyptian musks out there. 
I was inspired by many of the threads I have read lately and had to try this.  In every other perfume I have, I prefer the EDP or perfume, but with this one I chose for the first time the EDT.  I fell in love at first sniff and I usually do not like musk, but this is so special and sexy.  I highly recommend it, but only if you can wear musk.  This is very mild, but lasted all evening and was still there in the morning.  Just love it!
I first smelled Narciso Rodriquez in Paris and I was intoxicated!  It was so chic, so sexy.  Very heady.  I felt like such an urban sophisticate.  I couldn't stop sniffing my wrist.  I imagined lying in bed smelling like this all over.  And then i bought the EDT (black bottle)  As I began using it, however, the drydown is an acrid Egyptian musk.  Just like the oil from the street vendors.  It immediatly makes my sinuses explode and I get a headache.  The fragrance is hard to remove.  But I love the way it smells...  I sampled the EDP (pink bottle) and the acrid smell is not there.  There is less musk and more flowers.  No headache.  For those of you who love the perfume but hate the headache, try the EDP.  Stay away from the EDT.
Narciso Rodriguez (EDP in the pink bottle) is one of the new "pink chypres," which is formulated without the "classic chypre" combination of bergamot + real oakmoss/treemoss + patchouli + labdanum and other, various assorted green, fruit, floral, and wood notes.  This new genre is not as wild and untrammeled, nor as pungent and unpredictable as the classic chypres could sometimes be.  However it succeeds in creating the delectible sweet/sour, salty/bitter, wet/dry contrasts that make a chypre so great . Narciso Rodriguez EDP is concocted of creative synthetic notes, but I smell rose, peach, vetiver, and musk.  As a man-made scent, it retains its characteristics and stays true from start to finish.  I am a fanatic for chypres and own and wear many, both new and old, well-known and niche.  (See my wardrobe.)  My teenage daughter thinks most of them smell too "old" for her, but she fell in love with a little pink tester of Narciso Rodrigurez (not the black bottle, which is a honey/orange blossom/musk and lacks the rose/peach note.)  I think this is a fine introduction to chypres for the young generation.  Good job.
Love this one, it reminds me of Lovely by Sarah Jessica Parker. The EDP is more fruitier then the EDT, love the EDP version more because the fresher notes seem to stay longer. It may occur strange but I often use this one in combination with Cristalle... everyone wants to know what I'm wearing because it's gorgeous!! 
I love this fragrance. It is so gorgeous and intriguing. The notes of honey and solar musk are to die for. 

Having lots of reviews can help to aggragate the overall notes and impressions of a fragrance for those who are interested in or contemplating partaking of a particular scent. With Farenheit there is such a polarized reaction it is astounding. Such deep reverence and such complete loathing. For the same fragrance, Farenheit. Having learned that some fragrances take a few wears to 'get' and understand, and finally be able to enjoy I took the plunge.

Farenheit(1988)
I mow. I have a gas lawnmower. It's old and has grass clippings caked on it. I'm kinda sloppy when I put gas in it. I fire it up and start my first passes and Christian Dior somehow made that the opening of Farenheit. After getting over being totally flabbergasted that my fossil fuel burning mundane yard task has been 'cologned' I have convinced myself to give it some time as the dry down leather may be totally worth it. I want to stress that I totally get the negative reviews, yet want to like this as it is unique and artfully constructed, as I mentioned the leather piqued my interest and strikes me as worth thumbs up for its legend and leather alone. 

Pros: leather, unique, well crafted, infamous
Cons: very challenging, opening may be 'aquired taste', very polarized reviews. 

Fahrenheit EDT - 

Love to overspray this one! Sporting a ridiculous amount of accords, nothing else smells like Fahrenheit and for me it remains the most creative men's frag from the house of Dior. 

I prefer to wear it in warmer weather when my chest hair can roam free through a wide open collar. 

4 stars.  
Fahrenheit by Dior opens with a mixture of green notes and citrus. Among them, the most prominent are the floral aroma of hawthorn and the sweetness of mandarin. Fahrenheit quickly brings associations with meadows in spring, which was largely due to the composition of lavender and camomile. A little roughness is added by bergamot and lemon. Honeysuckle also plays a very important role in the initial phase of the scent. Its characteristic, sweetish aroma is one of the signature elements of Fahrenheit. The opening of the composition is undoubtedly intriguing and draws attention.

In the heart, violet takes over the scent. Its aroma is green, rough and tart at the same time. Unquestionably masculine. Cool, yet warm. This warmth, however comes also from other notes as jasmine, clove and nutmeg were used to generate it too. The last one gives the composition additional spicy character. All this has been combined around soft and creamy sandalwood.

In the base, is a almost petrol-like leather accord which is accompanied by vetiver, styrax and mastic, which is a natural resin obtained from mastic tree. Fahrenheit's finish is therefore both balsamic and dry. 
I bought a 1.7 oz. bottle 3 days ago and have been mesmerized by it's magic. I just ordered the 3.4 oz. bottle. Out of my 70+ bottle fragrance collection I can confidently say already that FAHRENHEIT is now my favorite of them all. I am simply blown away. This is THE best male fragrance I have ever experienced in my life! Why the hell didn't I try this years ago??? I have been searching and searching for that "ONE" fragrance for years. THIS IS IT!!!  
Love at first sniff?

Fahrenheit was my first fragrance purchased in about 1997, when it was already out of date. But ever since my first smell of it in the late 80's at the mall, I was mesmerized by it.

I went through jugs of this in the past - I think at one point there was a 150ml spray? By the time I actually bought it, it was $20 at Shoppers Drug Mart.  I remember it being *the* smell of gay night clubs. 

I now have a hard time picking out notes. It's always been floral to me - I didn't know it was violets until later in life. But now all I can smell is "Fahrenheit".

I very rarely this anymore. But it will always be my "first".
2000 version...  It's been years since I've smelled this.  I immediately remember its charms.  I owned a miniature years ago and I loved it then - I love it now.  At least, this version; Is it still as good?

It's just the perfect blend of notes.  The top holds the beauty of violet and hawthorn, and the deep, rich note of mace.  For me, it's a time machine of good memories.  My then boyfriend used to try to steal a dab, until I hid it.  He didn't understand why or how I could wear a "men's" fragrance.  I felt it to be unisex.  I still do.

It's a kind of Hot floral, or at least warm.  Outdoorsy but, not of woods.  It's a field of aromas.  A dusty aromatic.  Hints of green leaves later, in the heart.  Touches of a fougere style.  Never heavy.  Goes along smoothly.  Well-blended throughout its wear.

Fern-like beauty in the base.  Other notes are undiscernible except a bit of styrax and leather.  Those notes are a bit more pronounced.  It lasts and lasts.  Magnificent! 
Damn this is good. I'm challenged to add something useful to the dialogue because we've got some really, really good analytical reviews below (especially from Zealot Crusader, as usual). I'll try to give my take as a new hobbyist on the current formulation and some of my emotional responses to it. 

First of all: I love me some violet leaf. I opened my box of Fahrenheit with great anticipation because I'd read of the famed barrel note and was keen to have it give me a rowdy elbow to the nose. 

I was somewhat surprised that my first impression of Fahrenheit was the cucumbery aspect of violet leaf, which bloomed into something metallic/floral and then went to full on diesel blast (not unlike opening a bag of good Charlie in my more wayward days). Not exactly what I expected, but dear Jeebus do I love it - the tiny little nuances within those big, bombastic accords are where the true artistry of Fahrenheit really comes out. 

If I'm honest, I don't get many individual notes, but as Mister Surgery has eloquently said, I don't think that's the point of this. 

The opening, to me, kicks off like someone using a steel muddler to make a Hendricks and cucumber martini in a workshop. As you hang around and sip the drink (probably poured into a reds plastic cup for irony), the smell of their leather jacket and its grass stains drift through your awareness. This is a good day of drinks, friendship, talking shit and working on cars bottled for your consumption. 

Hendricks, for those unfamiliar with it, is a scottish gin composed with only juniper, rosewater and cucumber in the mash bill. Fahrenheit actually reminds me a lot of one of my friends who's a gin nut... he studied mechancial engineering whilst working as a motor mechanic, so the picture being created by the perfumers literally conjures a character straight to my mind. 

That's probably what contributes to the picture I have of Fahrenheit being intelligent and having real depth to go along with its brashness and roguishness. I think a good part of that impression is the genius of the construction as much as it is my emotional impression, but there's no doubt that for me this isn't a like, it's a definite love. 

Projection and performance are wonderful and I can attest that the current iteration is excellent. I'm now intrigued to sample vintages to see what a more profound barrel note feels like, but I doubt I'll enjoy this version any less. Emphatic thumbs up. 
Reminds me of my high school auto mechanics class and leather jackets. Took a long while my nose to detect the florals, but eventually they peeked out.  So different and so out of the box for me.  Doesn't work for me to wear personally but I love this scent on others.  
Best perfume. I always wear the 1988 version.
I really do not get this “it smells like gasoline” thing. Or leather. Really? Is the current 2019 formulation of it that bad? I have a vintage bottle. One that I purchased myself in December of 1991, at the Emporium department store in San Francisco. It’s still half full. It doesn’t smell like ANY of these things. It’s a classic, dark, woodsy masculine fragrance. But gasoline? No, not AT ALL.
Fahrenheit is a true example of a fragrance being more than the sum of its parts.  I don't smell each component individually (I can if I try, but that's NOT the point of Fahrenheit); I smell three distinct "scents," each of which I will describe below.

First, as Fahrenheit is renowned for, the opening smells like diesel fuel.  As a car nut, and as someone who used to race and who still works on cars in my spare time, I can't help but love it.

Second, it smells like leather.  Not fine leather like you'd find on Coach gloves or Bottega Venetta leather goods; the kind of leather you smell on engineer boots or a biker jacket.  Workingman's leather.

Finally, an almost wet, grassy/vegetal smell.  The kind you smell on a dewy sports field on a cool morning.  

Mix all of three of those motifs together, and you get Fahrenheit.  Nothing more, nothing less.  It's pretty straightforward, unambiguous, and impeccably done.

Now, the issue is whether or not you want to smell like that.   I can't imagine many women wanting their man to smell like diesel-soaked leather, and although I love the smell of Fahrenheit, from a practical standpoint, it's not a fragrance that I wear very often.  I don't want to show up to a business meeting smelling like I just replaced a faulty fuel line, nor would I want to go out to dinner smelling like I just stepped off of the set of "Sons of Anarchy."  But that's just me.  

Although this is not a fragrance I get much use out of, I love it.  How could you not?  It's so unique and impeccably done.  If you've never smelled it, you owe it to yourself to do so.  It's a classic, without any doubt, and although I rarely find myself wearing it, there's no way that I could give Fahrenheit anything less than a thumbs up.




It smells like gas.  This is a good thing.  It is manly.  There is just nothing like it.  Unbelievable that it got green lighted.  Masterpiece.  Benchmark.  Thumbs up so hard it hurts. 
Nothing to add to previous reviews. Alpha male masterpiece. 

Disregard reform criticism. It smells and project amazingly, like the first one I had in the 90s.
One of the first men's fragrances that I had personally bought and enjoyed as a teenager. Fahrenheit is arguably a living legend, having old-school followers and even a new generation of wearers to boot.

Fahrenheit can be summarized as spicy-gasoline-leather, with intensities that differ depending on how vintage a bottle you are spraying from. The heavier gas vibe comes from the older bottles, with an eventual directive by the IFRA not to utilize the notes involved. Even still, I find the recent formulations to do justice and resemble the vintage bottles well enough.

There is an energizing, adventurous vibe to Fahrenheit that feels so right, so daring. Every time I wore it, I felt like I had entered into a realm of macho, bold cologne expression that would draw attention. 

This is a means-business type cologne! Even after so many decades, I still find myself turning to Fahrenheit, as well as several of the wonderful flankers that have since come out (i.e. Fahrenheit 32 and Aqua Fahrenheit, most notably). But I will forever respect and treasure Fahrenheit original - whatever the formulation - as one of the first scents to really get me into the world of smelling and collecting prestige men's colognes as a whole.  
Ah yes  :) put on that leather jacket, nice leather shoes or work boots (which ever suits your style as a man), go take a walk through the leaves in the all or a stroke through those orange, yellow, brown and red woods and set up a camp fire. Don't be ashamed to chop the wood yourself, either. Oh, yeah, and make sure it's a beautiful night out, also.  Moon, stars, maybe a few clouds. Cologne or not, everyone can agree that it would be a perfect night. Imagine feeling that feeling of a night like that every time you smell a scent? Well, here you go.  It's a mature scent, but it is possible to pull it off for younger guys but you'll need to dress maturely (harder than it sound). Ya can't sport a suit With this so you'll need less but more. Unless you tackle the classic "bad boy greaser" look which would be great with this also. This is one of those fragrances that challenges your ability to be a man in a fashionable sense. Are you a construction worker or an outdoorsman? This is for you (although I wouldn't wear them during those activities). Just a guy who loves being out in the open or just love the cool weather and the feel of a cold day out in nature or anywhere on earth and sport a good leather jacket? Grab yourself a bottle of this stuff. I don't wear it often as I've had a bottle for the past 3 years but never wore it except one time. I was a Marine so there weren't many situations where I wasn't in the field for training and wouldn't have smoked people out with the sheer projection of this big guy. But out of the field, if I was ever in nature and didn't opt for other bottles due to situations, I would've grabbed this (I have other fragrances that suited those situations). Now I'm settled down ano am looking forward to using this officially at some point this fall and winter 

I used to also have the parfume or perfume version (not sure what it's called). But it was even better. Be sure to look it up and give both bottles a shot but I prefer the parfume version for an every day wear if that's your thing
There are good fragrances, great fragrances, and masterpieces. Dior's Fahrenheit is an unqualified masterpiece. It epitomizes the art of perfumery in ways that few fragrances before or since have done, and is notable - in my opinion - for one thing: it smells like Fahrenheit. 

Yes, it opens with a prominent gasoline accord. Full petrol. Gas-station-level petroleum distillates. This note is fleeting and glorious. It's rugged and perfectly balanced. The potentially noxious opening gives way to a dry down that is absolutely remarkable: the blending is so masterful that it's difficult to discern separate notes. Some fragrances travel from bright and citrusy to dark, woodsy, or floral. Some even travel from spicy and peppery to chocolatey and gourmand. Fahrenheit travels from Fahrenheit to Fahrenheit. When the petrol fades, you're left with a incongruously fruity, spicy, leathery, AND woody scent as evidence of Dior's exquisite genius. Tonka? Perhaps amber? Maybe some cedar? Leather. Musk? Yes, but not really. Patchouli? It's there, but maybe not. Stryax and lily of the valley? Sure. Whatever. It's all, and it's none. 

It's Fahrenheit. Is it green? Red? Does it matter?

Past and current formulations seem equally reactive to body heat. While Fahrenheit absolutely sizzles in warm environs; its sillage and projection are ideal for colder weather. This smell like a fall/winter scent to me. I'll agree with previous reviews suggesting new formulations suffer from longevity issues, but only by a hair, and only in comparison to older formulations: comparatively, Fahrenheit is still an incredible performer. 

It's warm. It's comforting. It's woody, green, and fruity, and floral, and citrusy, and leathery, and it is absolutely greater than the sum of its parts. Yes, it smells a bit like spilling gasoline in a new car while driving through a cedar grove full of flowers and old boots. And I love it. 

I rank Fahrenheit alongside the most influential fragrances of all time. 

Scent: 10/10
Sillage: 10/10
Projection: 10/10
Longevity: 7/10




Fahrenheit is a watershed fragrance on the same level of provocation as most Dior masculines, save maybe the mild-mannered Jules (1980), and has both a legion of devout users and folks who've "crossed paths" with the scent unsuccessfully. Whether or not you find the scent fascinating in it's appeal or just altogether odd depends on how you feel about it's "barrel note", but more on that later. Fahrenheit plays on hot and cold tones within it's main structure, fusing a cool floral top with a warm woodsy middle, a base of green leather and tonka, plus that all-powerful X factor no other fragrance has, nor even can have, because the creation of Fahrenheit's most characteristic quality was a total accident. Michael Almairac, Maurice Roger, and Jean-Louis Sieuzac were all competing perfumers working on primitives to win the bid fo the next masculine Dior fragrance, but none had their idea accepted by the design house, and tossed their samples all in the same waste barrel for disposal. As fate would have it, that barrel sat out in the sunlight for a while and fused together, essentially "cooking" into one, and when somebody returned to find the barrel still there, the smell that came off was evidently so captivating that Dior had chemists analyze a sample of it so the perfumers could form a new composition around it as the base! The infamous "barrel note" is really just leather and a strong violet at it's core, which is the root cause for the petrol smell everyone comments on when they sniff the opening of Fahrenheit, but there's a mish-mash of whatever else was in those original perfume formulas in there too, cooked up and reduced in a way only nature could, so it's impossible to replicate without having the formula gleaned from the sample's analysis. The rest of Fahrenheit is more or less the same late 80's men's floral ya-ya that everyone was doing right before the age of aquatics when calone and dihydromyrcenol took over as the chemistry du jour, and is one of few such floral powerhouses from the era still available.

I'd be lying if I said this strange and cool circumstance wasn't part of the appeal for me, but beyond that, what you end up with here is a scent that fuses the "petrol leather" smell of something antique like Knize Ten (1924), with a violet-led green floral chypre that compares favorably with scents like Chanel No 19 (1971), or Jacomo Silences (1978). We have another situation here like so many of this genre where the masculine or feminine lean is entirely dependent on marketing, and a woman could totally pull this off given she enjoys that petrol leather aura. The opening of Fahrenheit is hawthorne, and honeysuckle, both really odd choices for a men's fragrance, further asserting my previous statement on gender, with bergamot, mandarin, and lavender rounding it out to keep it cool. The bergamot and mandarin aren't really enough to make this a citrus-led scent, as that "barrel note" comes out the gate right away to greet the nose, followed by a warm middle of sandalwood, cedar, chamomile, nutmeg, muguet, jasmine, and the prominent violet which also helps define Fahrenheit. Base notes are all green save the amber, and come in with the leather, patchouli, vetiver, styrax and tonka. The gasoline-like "barrel note" was reduced in 2011 because it evidently didn't meet IFRA standards, but it's still plenty there, and I've smelled both deep vintage from a year after the scent launched, and a more-recent 2015 bottle, with only the presence of the "gasoline smell" dialed back a bit in the newer one. The big deciding factor of hunting vintage or getting newer bottles entirely comes down to what you want to smell more: the "barrel note" itself or wonderful floral chypre surrounding that infamous accord, because that's what you're picking between when you choose vintage or new production, respectively. For me it's a hard choice, but ultimately the newer one wins out simply because of convenience.

Fahrenheit is also infamously brutal on longevity, although sillage can be controlled better than haters will have you believe by simply avoiding your face when applying. A spray on the chest and upper back before donning the shirt is the best way to keep your own personal "barrel bubble" closer to you. I quite like the stuff, and it stands up to heat as well as cold, because it's sharp floral nature prevents Fahrenheit from being too sweet, thick, or cloying like many things this spicy. After all, this is a leather scent we're talking here, and they're known to be pretty hardy in many weather conditions, it's just most leather scents are saddled with aromatics or tons of shrill citrus and powder to narrow their usability. Fahrenheit falls into the same relative class of "dandy-like" floral dalliances laced with something very 80's and very potent, which in this case is styrax over the usual civet found in these kinds of things. Fahrenheit does wear surprisingly well in the 21st century because of it's gender-neutral florals, which combined with it's feverish fan base, explains it's continued production for 30 years, and that's totally outside the fact that the curiosity of experiencing the scent's fuel-like signature accord just keeps drawing new people in. I enjoy this immensely, but I'll be blunt: you have to enjoy stiff leather, florals, and green chypre base notes to truly enjoy Fahrenheit, regardless of the marketing hoo-hah Dior tosses at you, so if green floral chypres or prominent leather accords aren't for you, this is no exception, so sample before going over a barrel with a full bottle purchase. I'd say this is best worn on casual days or out with friends, running errands, and nights at home. If you want to dare this in the office space or a date, you're probably the kind of risk-taker Dior tailors their Fahrenheit ads towards, but don't say I didn't warn you when you get mixed reactions. A divisive but genre-defining classic that scratches an itch for those strange friends everyone has that actually enjoy the smell of gasoline. 
As many, I also thoguht I was smelling gasoline out of Fahrenheit, but I was wrong. It was only after getting in touch and possessig both Chanel Cuir de Russie and Cuir de Lancome, which have the same petrol smell, tha I came to realiza that in fact that it doesn't smell of petrol, but Leather.

Altohough I like it very much, I have to be in the mood for Fahrenheit, otherwise is like being chased by a shadow that it's not my owm.
When I was in high school in the 90's I remember walking down the hall and some guy passed by me wearing this and I was instantly attracted to the scent. I literally walked around all week sniffing guys as they passed to try to find this scent. I just had to know what it was! When I finally found out who the guy was and what he was wearing, I went straight to the mall and bought it. The scent was so amazing that I became instantly obsessed with it. Newer versions don't do justice to it. There truly is no comparison to the original. Every now and then I'll pass a random guy who still has this, and every single time my head still turns on instinct.
This smell was unique! (non citrus but not spicy...)
I absolutely loved it in 1990 when I fist came across it.
Strong scent, Massive projection, good longevity
10/10

I bought it again in 2017 after a 20 year lapse BUT
the smell is weaker and slightly different (almost chemical) and its projection and longevity is now average
Has it been reformulated? Have I bought a fake? Was my bottle out of date
Based on this 3/10
Fell in love with this instantly.
This is a bit of dry fragrance, first impression is that it smells like some expensive wood furniture and a bit of gasoline. I don't even like dry OR woody smelling cologne but that gasoline note is what makes this great.
What I most like about Dior's Fahrenheit is that it's so different from the powerhouses of the 80s, the fresh aquatics of the mid 90s, and the sugar sweets of the '10s. 
A true masterpiece of masculine originality. 
While this is ever so slightly dated, reminding me of the mid-to-late 90s for some reason, it doesn't feel like old-man cologne to me, not at all. It's very stylish and modern in my opinion.
It's a love it or hate it fragrance, and because of that, it's not an easy one to wear. 
UPDATE:
I wore this again, and for the first hour or so it was projecting nicely, and smelled great. After about 2-3 hours, it was still projecting but it lost some of it's more pleasant-smelling qualities, and got rougher and dirty-smelling. To me, it was somewhat of an unclean smell.
I'm keeping the good rating, because maybe this fragrance just doesn't mix well with my skin, but I won't be wearing it again.

Beautifully wrong.
Woody Gasoline Pour Femme.
Truly wonderful.
I didn't care for Fahrenheit in the beginning.  And I'm talking vintage, 30 Avenue Hoche.  Very peculiar use of violet.  I didn't quite get the "gasoline" accord many have commented on, but more of a "clinical green."  I think it's closer to turpentine than gasoline, but in a good way.  There is something in turpentine that's pleasant. A highly astringent woody green.  I almost let go of my bottle, but decided to keep it.  And I have to say it has grown on me.  I must give it a thumbs up for the principle of it.  It's a very unique fragrance and was done well initially.  The later version is OK.  But the vintage... is something special.  I give it a 3/5 rating because I wouldn't want to wear this much, but I'm glad to have it in my collection.
I don't wear it as often as i did in yesteryear but i still think it's one of the best fragrances out there. It's so unique and different from all the others out there. A true classic and very versatile one. 

Fahrenheit hit in 1988 and was an instantaneous commercial success. It was a bold scent, innovative in concept and execution and was immediately recognizable as something new. It might have been developed using the framework of the fougère, but unlike the other massive launch of the year, Cool Water, it bore little resemblance to the genre. Fahrenheit’s infamous gasoline note gave it an edginess that separated it from other masculine fragrances. 1988 was effectively pre-niche and unorthodox perfumes were rare. Dior bet that there was an unmet demand for a fragrance that didn’t play by the ‘normal’ rules of scent. The combination of gasoline and dehydrated sweetness gave Fahrenheit a deliberately synthetic appearance and distanced it from the fougères and woody chypres that were still the norm for masculine fragrances. The olfactory image of gasoline is convincing. The dryness of woods and the coolness of the violet leaf suggest volatility, like drops of gasoline evaporating from your skin.

To Dior’s credit, they didn’t simply take a traditional perfume and dress it out with ‘avant-garde’ images and a trendy ad campaign. They created a straight-up oddball that didn’t fit easily into existing categories. What’s interesting, though, is that while Fahrenheit was groundbreaking, it wasn’t without precedent. Dior seem to have learned from a few great masculine fragrances of the prior dozen years. The pressurized hiss of violet leaf is a nod to Grey Flannel and the aggressively dry woods are reminiscent of Antaeus. The last piece in the puzzle comes from perfumer Jean-louis Sieuzac himself. Two years before he co-authored Fahrenheit for Dior, Sieuzac composed Hermès Bel Ami, a sumptuous leather chypre with a noticeable whiff of gasoline. He isolated the gasoline note and amplified it to form the basis of Fahrenheit.

Fahrenheit juggled offbeat style and mainstream PR and production streams with remarkable success. Take a look at a network sit-com or an action movie from 1988. Or a fashion magazine. Listen to some 1988 pop music. Most of it doesn’t hold up very well. (see above.) Fahrenheit on the other hand might come off as era-specific, but not dated. It has survived reformulation, the vagaries of trend and an increasingly competitive market yet remains distinctive.
Chronologie II

I've always had difficulties to find the words for describing the most beautiful of perfumes.

Overproduction in perfume industry resulted with hundreds of new perfume houses whose offer has already been seen. Too many leather and oud combinations made people smell like worn off russian counts and desert bedouins, and almond, coconut and vanilla are just waking nutritional scents.

Sadly, today one can rarely find a perfume which is strictly made for male or female. New directions are being formed in which undecided perfumes are preferred, so both males and females now smell the same. Just to be straight, I have nothing against this kind of perfumes, because many of them smell really nice and some of them I have in my collection, but first of all I'm an old school kind of guy and my opinion is that a perfume has to have a 'side'. However, as time goes by, and by judging by the offer, the expectations are low that a new perfume, that will impersonate either male or female, will emerge.

In rush of aggressive propaganda which puts niche production in forefront, Fahrenheit still firmly holds its place on top by its originality, beauty, quality and, the most important, masculinity. If there is a male perfume which holds the essence of a real masculine man, then this is the one. It is a cult perfume you can either love or hate, nothing in between, which gives you a feeling that the perfume chose you and not the other way around. I own the first formula, dated in 1987, and every formula that came after it. It has been a bit 'damaged' by reformulations, but still it kept its style and recognizability.

I will finish this review by quoting one man who gave the best description of this masterpiece: When man becomes of my age and looks behind him.. he sees all kinds of things. Ups, downs, joys that take over your being, sorrows that rip you apart strongly enough that you think you can't take it anymore. And now, if I were to sit down and describe that kind of human life on a piece of paper, I would put that paper in an envelope and seal it with Fahrenheit. 

The smell of life has the same notes as this perfume...

Opium... Bel Ami... Fahrenheit!

Sieuzac was not prolific, but with icons like that on his CV, he could easily make many a nose green with envy.

Fahrenheit was a rebel when it was released, and it still is to this day. A true gamechanger. Not just in the world of fragrance, but probably also for many of the wearers. I know it changed a lot for me.

Fahrenheit was probably the scent, that made me realise, that fragrances are not just nice smells; they can be art and stir one's emotions.

How evocative it was! That almost chameleonic ability to morph between gentle florals and creamy woods, and into a leatherjacket wearing, lawn-mowing animal.

Many say it is more of a winter fragrance, but to me it has always screamed "SUMMER!" From the first spray years ago, it has always conjured up the image of fresh cut grass and a petrol-driven lawn mower. When I need to feel and smell the summer, this is what I reach for.

Ever since that first day, it has been a mainstay of my evergrowing collection, always hanging on to the top, as one of my true favourites.

They say first loves never truly die.

When it comes to Fahrenheit, the saying is most fitting; I will always love this one and have it in my collection.

PS: My mum thought it smelled like pickled cucumbers.
Another northbound thumb.

I don't wear it often but will probably always have an early iteration bottle (pre ifra-styrax restriction)in my stable.

Well-worn lawnmower replete with caked clippings slowly composting away. Sour. Honeysuckle. Summer  wear appeal. 

My nose, oddly perhaps, identifies overlap in its non-floral structure with Or Black.
Unique, classy, manly and just god damn PERFECT!!

Fahrenheit was the second fragrance that I ever bought just after Jazz at the tender age of 14. Now approaching 40 I am as mesmerized as ever! Okay....So the formula has changed slightly but not as much as many say. In fact the latest batch seems to be the closest to the original. Maybe it lacks the legs and staying power but still unmistakably Fahrenheit. 

In it's vintage formula this is the closest thing to male perfumery perfection I have ever sampled.

Light years ahead of its time!!

11/10  


I don't think my review of it is much needed, but I think it deserves one more thumb up! Oh, cucumber...
An all time legend. Some would even go as far to say this is sex in a bottle. It is just supreme and I never tire of it. Great for going out, great for work and great for a nice day at home. It is versatile and very sexy. Went through a good few bottles.
Picture a bunch of Adam Levine fans in a room together. Now picture a Bruce Springsteen fan coming in and wedging himself in the middle of the Levine fans. This is what I see when noticing Fahrenheit among the other colognes at the tester counter at Macy’s. 

Fahrenheit is a classic of the old school style, but it’s “classic" nature is timeless and is what makes it so enduring and timeless. It’s like Uncle Jesse or Fonzie.  Who wouldn’t think these guys aren’t cool anymore?

Fahrenheit is my signature scent for the fall. I wear it every day from October through November. And I never tire of it. Or get fatigued from it. It’s just that great. 
The petroleum smell is there, sure. It’s a gasoline smell of 1988 to be sure, but it transcends that era and fits into the modern age.  The gasoline (of whatever combination of notes creates the effect) does not overpower, it makes its grand entrance on center stage – does its solo number under the spot light for about 1 hour, and then dutifully slips back in the chorus with all the other notes.  And the other notes? Awesome.  Every day I smell something different. Some days I get a whiff of nutmeg (which is why this fits squarely in Fall to my nose) Some days the leather shines throughout. Others, the floral creeps in and takes a solo.   It’s as if this was some kind of jazz track, with the petroleum note starting off and each notes taking turns coming in to take a stab at the main melody. And the main melody?  The sum of all notes that is Fahrenheit.  

I have tried to dissect the notes (as I just tried now) and it always leaves me feeling I didn't do it justice. Fahrenheit is truly the sum of all parts. It’s not a "gasoline" scent. It’s not a "leather" scent. It’s Fahrenheit. You can’t analyze the humor of a good joke and well, sometimes you can’t really take apart the greatness of a master fragrance blend. 

So I'll just say that the reason why this is such a great fragrance... is that it smells like Fahrenheit. 

Well done! 
10/10

This has to be in my top 5 fragrances of all time..truelly a piece of genius to incorporate that petrol/violet smell into a fresh green type of scent..I'm talking about the 2016 formulation which I don't think has suffered from reformulation..my last purchase of this would of been in 1998. I prefer the original over the absolute version, I personally don't like that strange sweaty curry smell in absolute.. the aqua version is very nice with added spearmint and cucumber notes. Dior are the best designer fragrance house that incorporate leather into their scents in my opinion ..like dior homme edt, they blend floral's with leather superbly. The dry down in this could be bottled separately and renamed in their high end line, beautiful rugged engine room leather.
 Reviewing a Vintage 2002 Fahrenheit. Fahrenheit was a sensation in the late 80's, early 90's. I was living in my Bel Ami, Tiffany for Men cloud during those first few years, so I missed the glory days wearing it myself, however always admired it on others. The Violet note as constructed in this, I was to meet later and is what attracts me to Heeley's CPF.
This sample of 2002 has all elements that most remember of the original. Floral Violet sitting on top of a Petroleum Leathery Base. Brilliantly conceived and still stands alone in it's originality. Occurs to me that it projected more in the earlier years, however most of us oversprayed in that Era.
Rightly a Masterpiece.
I like Absolute version a lot more than current Fahrenheit. Vintage up until 2012 Fahrenheit, though, is superior.

If you can't find 2012 or earlier, get Absolute instead. Or if you like Midnight in Paris, absolute is a richer version of it.
BLUF:  A brilliant, unique, unforgettable green scent.  At risk of sounding cliché, it’s art.  To date, this and L’Homme Libre are my favorite uses of violet (haven’t tried Narciso for Him yet) although Fahrenheit Absolute & Parfum are up there too.  

A genius offering from Dior that is in my top 3, a fragrance that I’ll never be without.  I don’t subscribe to the “you can only wear this scent during that season” idea, but Fahrenheit does remind me of summer when I wear it…probably because people don’t mow their lawns in New England during the winter.  Yup, I’m there with the rest of the gas/grass crowd.

My personal take on it is this: The opening smells like the inside of a shed (yurt, in the case of my family) where the lawnmower, weed wacker, and tennis shoes that my Dad wore while mowing, are stored.  A mix of petrol fumes, cut grass, and a bit of leather.  There is a hint of something just barely sweet that peaks in and out over the life of the scent, but I don’t get honeysuckle sweetness at all.

Longevity is moderate for me (6-7 hours) as is sillage. 
Call my nose unrefined if you will, but I barely notice a difference between my bottles from 1999 and 2015, other than the newer bottle having better longevity.

No flankers come close to the original but Parfum and Absolute honor their forefather very well in their own beautiful way.
Just tried this reformulation after owning the original back in the 90's.  It's noticeably different from what I remember but still familiar.  Didn't think I was into it for the first 20 minutes but then it all settled down and I couldn't stop smelling it.  It's still so different from everything else out there...and addictive.  I can see how this would be an easy compliment-getter.
I wore Fahrenheit when I was in junior high school.  I remember when it came out and it was unlike anything I had smelled before.  I have smelled it many times since then and it always brought back a flood of memories.  I thought about wearing it again over the years because I loved it so much but I just didn't want to go back there.  Recently someone came in my office wearing it and it smelled so good.  I immediately recognized it but it was different to me somehow.  I found out that it had been reformulated in 2014.  I have it on now as I type this review and I'm loving it all over again.  It's Fahrenheit but it's not…..but it's still perfection.  It lasts all day on me and I get compliments all the time.  I really can't understand somebody not liking this fragrance.  It's a classic but it doesn't rest on the fact that it's a classic.  It still smells new and groundbreaking just like it did in the 80's.  This is quite possibly the best of all time.  
My favorite fragrance of all time, FAHRENHEIT...
2014 Formulation..

In the opening of this fragrance i get a mixture of used 85-W-90 Grade  gear oil + used 68 grade hydraulic oil + green paste from leaves, poured onto a leather seat....

After an hour's mark, all i get is a freshly polished leather shoes, where the smell of pure leather is prominent with a hint of shoe polish.

After 4 hours, all I am left up with is a Green Woody, leather & musk combo.

Really love the way it changes as the day progresses, never got a compliment though. I wear it for myself. Never get bored of it.

Longevity: 10+ hours easily
Projection: Average

10/10
Absolutely bloody marvellous scent. 
I tested today comparing a sample of 2010 vintage and a bottle bought last month from Geneva airport duty free. The review is the same for both except that the one marked difference I found was that the 2010 version held on to its "power" phase much longer before it became a skin scent. Otherwise, frankly, I couldn't tell the difference. 
It starts off eye-watering petrol, grease, with leather (or sweaty skin?) underneath. A bit later I also get a medicinal (Germoline) thing going on. You have to get your head round all that, but when you do, you'll want to keep going back and spraying it over and over again. Then, strong leather, the most fantastic leather scent ever. And a bit of lavender. 
It's pure cave man in its power phase. Like a super macho, cool, handsome car mechanic putting on his leather jacket after his shift. Yet really classy and unique at the same time. It makes me feel like I'm Marlon Brando on a motorbike. 
Longevity: long. Silage: for me, moderate (aka BIG)
Love the stuff. The original is still better than all the flankers. 
How could any man not want this?
September 2015

They recreated the smell of burning asphalt by mixing different flowers! How awesome is that?!

A timeless legend, unique and stylish.
Unique and timeless. One of the most romantic fragrance. You can go wrong with the classic and most successful Fahrenheit. An innovation created in the 80ties. 

What a performance even if I don't wear it often.

Long Life to Fahrenheit!

Masterpiece 9/10
Current formulation is among my top 2 favorite leathers, the other one being Hermes Bel Ami Vetiver.  The elegance of the leather/violet accord is breathtaking.
Salutation.

FAHRENHEIT is a ROOTY cologne.it is Great,similar to the other DIOR fragrances.The opening notes is a bit too rough for my nose but after 5 minutes it warms to an undeniable MASCULINE,PLEASANT and ROMANTIC.

The base notes is quite WOODY on my skin,invigorating with vetiver.You feel like a confidence unique person when You wear it and only with 2 spray can enjoy for a few hours.it is strong in SPECIAL way.

This wonderful scent not for day use because it is a little heavy in hot weather,definitely is an EVENING scent for a particular character in SPECIAL occasions.anyway it is unforgettable.

SILLAGE?OK

LONGEVITY?Like often DIOR colognes,Yes it is unparalleled.

8/10

Reading the reviews on BN's, the verdict seems that you either love or hate Fahrenheit.

For me, Fahrenheit is one of the all time top fragrances that I have ever owned.  It's totally unique and I definately fall in the "love it" column.   There is a strong, somewhat petrol note in the beginning, which I attribute to the Hawthorn, a scent I am not totally familiar with, but to me it's almost menthol or eucalyptus like. I don't find the opening unpleasant at all, but if you overspray, it may knock you unconscious.  After an hour, everthing fades into a sort of wood and leather, very soothing and long lasting.   

I would wear Fahrenheit year round, but especially in fall/winter.  If you are unfamiliar with it, go light, allow it to develop and you'll probably fall into the "love it" column as well.
There is just something Christian Dior got right with this fragrance, you can instantly tell when someone is wearing Fahrenheit as it has such a bold statement. Yes its a marmite scent but when you love it you love it, it speaks to you in a such sensual sultry way and has probably turned as many heads as the most legendary perfumes made to man. 

Timeless scent.

A beautiful celebration of sensational violet leaves that are evoking to the senses, further brightened by a zesty orange accord, stirred with smokey vetiver and polished with leather. 

There is no scent in existence that highlights violet leaves like Fahrenheit does.

Stunning, addictive, unique and mesmerizing.
I wasn't sure on first application. I put it on before going to bed and the petroleum note had me a bit confused. However, I awoke about 4 hours later and I could smell something quite wonderful. The dry down on this one is exquisite.
Is this the greatest fragrance for men ever created?

A breakdown of notes would be redundant, though violet leaf, orange and leather are the dominant players. A gorgeous floral leather, Fahrenheit stimulates senses like no other, awakens the mind and touches the heart. Fahrenheit is hot and cold at the same time. Fahrenheit is the first scorching ray of sun that melts the ice on snow-capped peaks. Fahrenheit is the smouldering lava that eats up everything in its path as the world burns red in its wake. Fahrenheit is the moist damp brown earth beneath the fleshy green trees with dark wet branches after the first rain in months. 

Fahrenheit is not a fragrance. Fahrenheit is an experience.    
This is a floral with a cauliflower-ear!  I don't pick up the 'gasolline-petroleum' that so many seem to identify but rather a carnation taken to the max tempered with nutmeg and leather. Worked very well for me in the Fall in New York, but here in SoFla, it's a bit much and have put it on the backburner for a bit...maybe it's time to reintroduce myself to this juice, fire up a cigar and enjoy a measure of spiced rum...hmmmm???
I used to mow the lawn in my backyard and along one swath of grass there was a large honey-suckle bush. The sweet, floral aroma of the honey-suckle would mix with the gasoline from the mower and the smell of leather on my hands from my work gloves. That's the closest I can get to describing what Fahrenheit smells like. Sweet, fresh specific floral notes of honey-suckle over petrol and the worn, rugged smell of leather. But my description really doesn't do it justice. Fahrenheit is like its own planet in the fragrance universe, and it's one of a strange, swirling atmosphere, equal parts enchanting and toxic. Fahrenheit's bottle represents its contents precisely, from dark shades of red and black to higher hues of orange and pale yellow. All in all, this is one hell of a fragrance that must be sniffed to be even remotely understood. A timeless classic, that feels modern and cutting edge almost 30 years after its release date. If you have never smelled this before, go out and get your nose on it! Projection and longevity are superb.
A big thumbs up for this one. I have two bottles: 9A03 (purchased in 1999) and 4N03 (purchased in 2014).

The old bottle has probably lost potency. The new juice projects better. Side by side on each arm, the old juice smells a little richer on the skin, but fainter, so I'm feeling plenty of love for the 2014 juice. It's maybe slightly sweeter or more vanilla and leather, less floral; but it is very similar. They are more like each other than edt and edp flankers. If the current juice said anything other than Fahrenheit, people would be up in arms that it's the same stuff and that calling it a flanker is false advertising.

I like the old juice slightly better, but the new juice is having better performance for me.
This one was ,is and will be my No1 favourite....
many memories,many complements and a very special scent.
grass with gasoline top notes with some sweetness and then woods.
not detailed subscription for a Masterpiece.

Both thumps Up!
Fahrenheit is one of those fragrances that people will either love or hate. My girlfriend adores it on me and says that when we first started dating she couldn't beleive how good I smelled and told all her friends about it. On the other hand, my sister doesn't like it at all and said it smells like a chemical mess. I enjoy fahrenheit because it is so unique. A lot of people mention a "petroleum" feel to it but I don't really get that. It's the only fragrance in my collection that I can't describe in words, which is a testament to how unique it is. I also enjoy it because of its versatility, works well in both summer and winter, day or night and for a variety of occasions. Pretty much the only place I wouldn't wear it would be the gym.
This was a masterpiece. The new formula is a travesty and is highly unwearable. I thank my lucky stars that I found a vintage bottle on EBay. The gasoline vibe is nonexistent in the new juice, which is the main reason the vintage stuff is king. I have probably worn more of this than any other cologne in my collection. Available everywhere but do not buy if only the word Dior is on the bottom of the bottle. Vintage will read Christian Dior. 
Long lasting, classic, and the girls love it! and in the end isn't that what it's all about?

I'm pretty shallow but this scent will never not be in my wardrobe. If you wear if on a night out, a girl will compliment you every time and that's always nice. Don't go crazy, my old bottle still packs a major punch. Don't believe sales people who tell you it expires! Not if you store it right. 
I've heard so much about Fahrenheit for so many years that I decided that I wanted to give it a shot especially after hearing that Axe Peace was very similar to it. I enjoyed Peace bodywash and deodorant, so I bought a partial bottle from a member on here.

Everything you've heard about Fahrenheit is true.

It opens with a strong, motor oil/ car exhaust punch in the face. It then moves into what some describe as tire rubber, others gasoline. I can detect both.

Fahrenheit then moves into a smokey leather jacket phase, where it then fades away.

I get that a lot of members here really enjoy it, but I dislike it and cannot think of any situation where I would wear this. 

I can see it being a head turner, but not for the right reasons.

Edit: Since I wrote my review I found myself returning to my sample of Fahrenheit and have actually picked up another sample from Sephora when my first ran out. Now I actually enjoy it and regret selling my partial bottle of the vintage stuff. It may be unusual to go from a hard Negative to a Positive review, but my thoughts on this fragrance have changed.


A surprisingly adequate  scent both fresh and warm!
This is the one you want to run away with. I randomly came across a sample of this and it instantly captivated me. There is something so warm, bold and sophisticated about this fragrance that has a strong yet soothing edge of attraction. It is addictive and distinctly unique. Almost all the other men's colognes out there have an overly clean and aqua fresh smell. This one smells rich with desire and full of mystery. Some say it has a petrol smell to it, but I don't perceive it that way. I would say it has a hint of spice and a cooling musk, like a hot summer rain under the trees. Overall I find it blissfully timeless in it's candor of masculine sensuality. 
One of my top ten favorites...I savor this sent when I want to be noticed and am seeking attention.

I love this on my husband.  It really stands out in a crowd of the mainstream sport style fragrances I smell so often. I think it really suits rugged types well.  Not fresh or clean to me but very dark and brooding.

In 1988 Dior decided to break the mould in terms of men's fragrances and decided to go in a different direction, by turning the established system on it's head. What they managed to create was something entirely unique (even today). They succeeded in creating a truly remarkable and very masculine floral (by using violet, nutmeg, carnation, and a lot of leather).

The result? Something which smells beautifully modern even today. In a word - timeless.

I believe that years later Dior would turn the world of male perfumes on it's head for a second time (with their metrosexual floral leather release 'Dior Homme'). However for many people, this is considered their best masculine and I think it's one of the most unique designer masculine fragrances ever created.

Instead of the Leather-Iris combination used in Dior Homme, here it's Leather and Violet, a pairing which gives off what many people term "sweet motor oil".

Before actually wearing this on my skin, I tried the luxury 'soap' of this for years, never finally wearing the fragrance itself until now. To me this can't be categorised purely by a "gasoline" smell (and I happen to like the smell of petrol). To me, this fragrance smells like an incredibly clean version of petroleum. Imagine a mechanic who after working a long day with the car grease and motor oil, then decided to take a really good bath or shower with luxury, high-quality soap. After he's finished, he smells clean and fragrant, but the original petrol note is under all the soap, and because of this, now starts to smell "clean" as well. Of course this is also a perfectly blended fragrance, and you'll struggle to put your finger on why exactly this smells as good as it does. The combination of violet leaf, leather, nutmeg, musk, geranium, lavender and carnation makes this extremely masculine. However it could be worn very well by a woman because it's also sweet at the same time. It's addictive!

I think the marketing concept of Fahrenheit was a perfume of contrasts. Specifically Hot and Cold, or "Fire and Ice". Fahrenheit is a measurement of temperature, and as a result applies to burning, boiling heat and also icy cold. As an olfactory sensation, Fahrenheit straddles the line between these two extremes, and does it beautifully.

I will say that this smells just as modern as it ever did 25 years ago, and could easily be released today and go on to be a number one hit. It's unique, nothing out there smells like it. It's not like Cool Water (also released in 1988), which went on to spawn the aquatic craze of the 1990's, and as a result is starting to smell a little dated by today's standards. 

This has lost none of it's originality. It is well worth it's reputation. I believe that it can be worn by almost anyone and in any season. It needs no introduction. It is what it is (even in our time)... original, unique, & unmistakably beautiful!
One of the original Men's Colognes. A little goes a long way with this masterpiece. Yeah, it has that petrol vibe like a lot of reviewers have mentioned. But it is done well. I call this the Green Leather Scent. One you have to have. 8/10
Very unique and masculineI don't know what formulation i have (i purchased in 2011 aprox). It's a nice, manly, strong and unsual scent. PROS:- It's a classic.- Very different (in a good way) to the other fragrances.- Projects and last a lot.- Masculine CONS:- If over apply, can offend to somebody For me, it's a must have. Definitly worth the try. Regards.Pros: Unusual and manly scent than last and projectsCons: Don't over apply"
review by stefly321	Got this as a gift from an ex girlfriend who loved it. It does have a whiff of petroleum about it. Not like liquid petroleum but like one that's evaporated and leaves that faint smell. But mixed with its other notes, it does work somehow.
Fahrenheit	I discovered Fahrenheit many years ago when my mother gave it to me like a present.	It is quite abstract and surrealistic and brings me to a place, far, far away…	It makes me think of a long journey somewhere far away. It signify the birth and then the death and then again the birth .....	A unique, subtle and genial creation of Dior House.
Refined Powerhouse	I once heard someone describe this as smelling like you're mowing the lawn and you spilled a little gas from the mower on your clothes, so you get the smell of freshly cut grass and gasoline fumes. Sounds dreadful, I know...but it's not! It's not an everyday cologne for me, but on my days off when I haven't shaved and slapped on a baseball cap to run errands, this is a fun one to wear.Pros: UniqueCons: 
True classic if you wait for the drydown.	This is a classic. Nothing too special or standout but a very nice fragrance to suit any occasion and after sampling, you will instantly recognise it as one you have probably smelt on somebody before at a social gathering, somebody pleasent I hope. 	It's an odd one to me that it goes through 4 distinct stages to my nose. On first spray, fresh out of the bottle on skin I can smell white pepper. Then it turns into a strong smell of Creosote/Tar until it quickly fades into a marine sort of scent, very much much like Bvlgari Aqua. Then it becomes very leathery with a slight soapy background. To anybody familiar with Trumper's range it reminds me of Astor cologne once it has settle but has much better projection and lasting power. 	Definitely one for anybody's collection.Pros: Projection + lasting time.Cons: Strange scent when first sprayed.
Great stuff!	I tried this because I'm one of those strange people who actually enjoys the smell of gasoline, and I was hoping the much-hyped petroleum note would satisfy in that regard. Alas, it does not. I can absolutely see why some people describe the note like this, but to my nose it's not overbearing gasoline by any stretch: more like a quick burst of scent, which manifests itself to the wearer at the immediate outset in the same way that gasoline assaults the senses when you fill your car and catch a whiff. A scent which behaves like gasoline's scent, rather than smelling like gasoline, per se. Beyond that, the scent is wonderfully fresh and alive, and is very pleasant. To me, it suggests cut grass on a fine morning in early summer, and it makes me wonder if this is perhaps where the gasoline note is coming from, since the petrol-effect leads into these smells, and may evoke a subconscious thought of a lawnmower, where unbridled masculinity, gasoline, and cut grass all come together. Either way, it's a great fragrance, and I shall be buying a bottle. 
A manly man's scent	An interesting scent, it's hard for me to describe notes, apart from a general floral feeling that I attach to this scent. I don't quite get the gasoline/petrol notes that others do, but I do get the uber masculine vibe that is often attached to this scent.. I have had a close female friend describe this as "manly, super manly....the essence of man scent. Like...'Me Tarzan, you Jane' manly," which fits the bill pretty well, I think. Even though I personally like the scent, it is immediately clear to me why this is a hit or miss, love or hate fragrance, though - the gasoline note that many seem to pick up can be an obvious turn off. There are definitely days where I find this scent to be a little overwhelming, or a "bit too much", so to speak. Safety is definitely not the word of the day when it comes to Fahrenheit; it's much more suited for a night out or the gym than a work setting, in my opinion. 	Projection is fantastic - 2-3 sprays is plenty for me. Seems to last forever too, easily get 7+ hours of out it. Have received compliments on this before as well. Overall I find it to be a very bold, masculine scent - great for lifting weights and wrestling bears.
One of the best fragrances ever made. I first came to know Fahrenheit in the fall of 1991, when I was in high school. It was very fresh and unique and I continued to wear it through college and it remains in my collection at the top of my most discerning rotation arsenal. 

It begins with slight petroleum note that many associate with the smell of gasoline. This is not overbearing and is crucial to yield a masculine component. It doesn't take long for the nose to recognize the fresh honeysuckle that is grounded by sandalwood. The styrax may lend to additional sweetness but alas, the isn't an overly sweet fragrance. It is masterfully balanced, so much so that its hard to contribute any one aspect of this to the magic that is Fahrenheit. 

Whether you're sailing on a yacht with miffy, hanging at home or in the gym, or doing maniacal chores, Fahrenheit always knows how to play dressed up or dressed down. A fragrance that was conceived in 1988 is still relevant and necessary in today's market and it no way smells dates. Its perhaps the pinnacle of my fresh masculines; a  classic that is here to stay. If you're wondering, the current formulation is just as divine now as it was then with longevity and sillage galore. Two very big thumbs up!
Fahrenheit, such a magnificent fragrance, such originality and power waiting to be released every time you spray it. A timeless classic that continues to shine and evoke the essence of man. Fahrenheit probably is one of the few fragrances that is worth every penny and more.

The petroleum vibe is unmistakable, however as years had gone by I don’t really smell “petroleum” anymore, the green/sweet combo from the honeysuckle and mandarin together with some lavender at the opening; the violet, the leather and the vetiver are wonderful and very prominent, the sandalwood is definitely there, just on the background, there is indeed benzoin at the base giving some sweetness and fullness and now that I pay attention after reading the notes I could say that I begin to smell the Pistacia just a little bit. Man, this is epic, this is marvelous.

The downside is that the current formulation is so watered down that the longevity has been lost and I dare to say that the rawness from the ingredients are no longer there but it just shows that in spite of every hit this fragrance has taken there is just no way to bring this masterpiece down. Fantastic.
Still the sexiest fragrance on a man with its powerful gasolinic floral scent and the oily leather in the dry down. Thumbs up.
Surely there isnt much left to say about this classic scent. Actually it's watered down if compared to vintage version. As said here, this is an iconic fragrance and a must have for any fragrance lover. Big thumbs up for vintage version and just okay for the actual version.
I have been wearing this scent for about 6 months now. 

It's a very heavy and masculine scent that does great in winter. It smells slighlty like petrol when first putting it on, but changes quickly to something else that's hard for me to describe.

It's a fantastic and unique scent that has gotten me compliments from different girls and men alike. I think it is however a faux pas to be wearing this all the time, in the way I do. I'm going to keep the bottle for days when I want to feel very manly and my whisky-fueled poker nights.

The downsides are to me that it doesn't project very much, even with 4 sprays.
Dastardly! This fragrance has got me all jumbled up. I generally avoid any scent that one can instantly recognize... But this one... I don't get it. I sampled some a while back and found out that it is really something after all. In fact, my girlfriend (who's used to my Amouage and Etat Libre d'Orange, Tom Ford, etc.) actually loves it. She said to me: "This could be a signature scent for you".... not sure what that really means, as every day is different, but it sounded like a real compliment. I bought some.

Honestly, we don't need me to go through the notes. We all know. This fragrance is known. If you like the scent of fire and divine woods + incense, you got it.

Okay... longevity. It's freaking crazy. Once you wear it a few times, the whole house smells like you. It's on my winter coat after two washes. My cat smells like it. This juice is through the damned roof.  This stuff outlasts most of my niche fragrances and doesn't get all mixed up and sickening-smelling like the day-after-on-the-bedsheets thing that other scents do.

Overall, I'd say this has provided me with many cold nights of what I can call nothing but aromatherapy. Out on the town, this is not always my pick, because I smell like every other (hopefully classy) guy. But I can say that this will always be in my collection, and brought out on many Winter nights. 
Some fragrances need multiple wearings before you grow to love them.  This fragrance was the complete opposite for me.  My first application was fantastic and this scent quickly made it into my top 5.  Over time though, my applications became spotty with horrible projection and longevity.  I enjoy this fragrance when it has that perfect blend of petroleum base with a sweet touch.  Sometimes I'd get a heavy dose of petroleum only, while other times the only scent detectable was it's sweetness.  If it was consistently blended together and had great longevity and projection, I would easily put this in my top 3.  Instead, it barely gets a thumbs up for me only because I love the scent that much.

8.1/10
Fahrenheit is synonymous with classic and best seller! Very popular in the 90s, but so far still with firm steps on the market, and I predict that we will have for a long time. Gasoline for awhile. It is true that with the passage of time has weakened, but still, it is performing very well on the skin. Fahrenheit is recommended as a daily fragrance, sophisticated and elegant cut. Somewhat mature, but as I am of those who believe that perfumes have no age, one that you like, go ahead.
I don't know what took me so long to actually try Fahrenheit, for some reason I was under the impression that I didn't like it but man was I wrong!

This is a masculine, intoxicating scent. Starts off with a gasoline/oil that smells a lot better than it sounds. There is also an apple or berry note in the top that keeps the gasoline from bursting into flames. There is also a subtle smoky leather in the middle and dry down that really pulls the whole thing together. 

Here is the visual I get with Fahrenheit:

An antique auto shop brimming with old classics from Rolls Royce to muscle cars. In the corner of the shop a fireplace is roaring, men dressed in flannel shirts with the sleeves rolled up are smoking cherry pipe tobacco, while relaxing on buttery soft leather chairs, aged with patina and character. 

This has become my cold weather scent of choice. 
This smell like a sweet leather jacket I dont care what 
anyone says that's the perfect description
What a amazing scent I must say It grew on me I must say the first time I sprayed this the petroleum turned me over lol but I give it couple more try and finally I see a masterpiece right here for a perfume in the 80th that can be still worn but the yung crowd I must admit it is well done 
i had to change this review. it was a neutral at first. i have retried this fragrance and it is wonderful. i went from hating the opening of this to loving it. i cant reply on the projection or longevity yet, but the smell is top notch.
Fahrenheit by Christian Dior - Admittedly, with its dark and somewhat complex opening, with its petro-grungy facets melding with lush greenness, it could prove challenging. However, the overall scent is, perhaps, one of the best, green scents. The nuances from the opening, middle and base were and are the epitome of a ground-breaking scent, and, to me, defines sexy, classy and sophisticated. 
This is a totally unique fragrance, as distinctive smelling now as when it came out.  I first smelled it when it was launched at a duty free shop in the Caribbean and associated the smell with that part of the world for years.  Shortly after that I was on the Piccadilly line going from Heathrow into London.  A very well-dressed Frenchman got on at the same time and sat directly across from me--I remember smelling his Farenheit (totally recognizable) and remembering St. Barts....  To many the petrol note summons up automobiles and garages, but to me it brings to mind the old fashioned gasoline-powered lawnmovers, freshly cut gress (is that the Hawthorn?) and manly sweat.  This reminds me of my father when I was very young and he would mow the lawn on a hot day.  A great scent and while it has spawned many flankers, it still remains the best of the lot, totally distinctive and simple good smelling.  Kudos to Dior for going out on a gasoline/cut grass limb which at the time was untested territory. 
Very unique and very beautiful masculine fragrance. Definitely masculine. Opening reminds me of gasoline, but very attractive for some reason, fresh and reinvigorating too. After that, this becomes imo a perfect spring fragrance (flowers, fresh aspects, etc.). It's a masterpiece for sure and can be worn by a man of any age. Young guys can rock this one too, not many do but this is a great smelling fragrance, that will appeal to girls who like men that smell like men.

Sharp opening.  Tea note isn't bad.  More like a strong tea, with sugar, no cream.  The top is nothing really special for me.  The heart is better, with a deep floral vibe.  Orchid, is lovely and noticeable.  Jasmine?  Nice.  Freesia?  Barely here.  The rose isn't strong, overdone.  Patchouli is sweet.  Overall a lovely "designer" frag but, not one I would buy full-bottled.
Floral sweetness incarnation. Good sillage, projection and longevity, but it gets fastly uninteresting. 
This is a lovely scent. Delicate, but full of presence. Earthy florals with a decent amount of sweetness. This has a lot of popular elements. I think, in the future, when people want to reflect on the scents of this time period, this will be closely tied to that scent memory (like how aldehydes tie to the 40s/50s). 

This has a moderate sillage for the first 2 hours and then it becomes a skin scent. Lasting power is about 7 hours on dry skin in warm weather. 

Beautiful and self-empowering sort of scent. Lends itself to romantic atmosphere, but not entirely inappropriate for work. Day or night. Thoroughly enjoy!
Salutation.

Yes FLOWER BOMB!A Needful example for any professional Collection.Definitely pure Tempting in a Bottle!Elaborate like all creates By Carlos Benaim& Olivier Polge.Classy,Romantic, Appealing,Expensive,Feminine,Gorgeous,Hot and Elegant.

The scent is definitely more Floral.In fact Sophisticated scent of Floral.The refreshing top of Bergamot.It is Sweet but not too sweet.Great notes that makes it High Class and Feminine as it command attention.

The bottle is as Bold as The scent.it is fantastic for ROMANTIC mood like a Bomb!A Beautiful perfume for a Beautiful Lady.Heavy for daily Use but Great for EVENING.Surely for WINTER.If you like a Expensive Smell for your wife this one just for you.

Sillage?Great.

Longevity?You can spray it in the Evening and it will stay with you until the Morning.

Thank You V&R

7.75/10 
Head-clearing top notes energize me.It wears down smooth and sexy.Don't know the vernacular yet, but I have the nose of a Bloodhound.I am EXTREMELY picky, there are only a handful of Fragrances I can wear without running to the shower and changing my clothes.I love it,from start to finish.
Flowerbomb to me is a sweet candy like smell which i love in a perfume, the bottle is also very nice. Unfortunately for me the perfume seems to dissapear after only a couple of hours. If you like Flowerbomb you could also tryD AND G POUR FEMME as this has a similiar smell to me,,,,,, In fact this is the one i choose first now before my Flowerbomb. 
Very, very sweet. I don't get the floral notes very much though. It smells more to me like a sweet shop (which is still very very very good).

When you spray this on your body, it is almost exactly like a bomb of sweets has gone off. The top note for me (which is quite surprising) is Candy Floss.

This is, however, a summer fragrance (even though it is not branded as such). In the winter this would smell almost... wrong.

I like this, and were it not for the existence of Loverdose by Diesel, I would have purchased a bottle by now.
Very sweet floral. The strangest thing is, in my mind the first notes I detect are of sugar-coated fennel seeds..the kind that are served as an after-dinner treat at Indian restaurants. Just don't understand how it could have descended from Angel..I hated that one..but quite like Flowerbomb.   
    I cant stop talking about this scent. When I wear it men turn around to find out what it is - I only wear three scents - this one, Christopher Dicas and Fracas- all of them get great attention but this one FLOWERBOMB EX - well this is another animal! I search for it because the department stores only sell it during Christmas...
A Juicy bomb. A very intoxicating scent. I love to smell this on a woman with one spray cause it projects well. Bergamot ,patchouli blended in this beautiful scent. Damn
I first smelt this when it was released in 2004, loved it but never thought I'd own it because of the price. Over the next six or seven years I would smell it every time I went into a department store that sold it, dreaming. And then last year my brother bought me it (I'm sure you can imagine my happiness). I love the sweet sharpness of it - though it seems to have got sharper and less sweet as time as passed (though it may just be that my tastes have changed)
I smelled this on another woman and loved it.  On myself, it is less impressive, but I don't know why.  It's a well-balanced floral with sweetness, and creaminess, with no particular note standing out.  And it must have patchouli, or I wouldn't give something in this genre a second thought.   It's beautiful, but it's not outstanding enough for me to be sure that I would stay interested enough throughout the duration of a full bottle.

love this so much, its ever lasting and so wow, every time i wear this someone comments all the time in a good way too! nice big bottle too, cant go wrong with this
I was initially ambivilent about this frag, and rather rolled my eyes at the sugary fluffy opening notes (bergamot and tea, I think not) which in my opinion since Angel have been overdone, and are a tad childish. However, FB dries down to a lovely rosy patchouli that I am quite keen on, and because of this, find myself testing and re-testing it. It eases into something warm and comforting, yet sophisticated. The sillage is good but not offensive, and I think it can be worn day or night.
Not your usual sickly sweet perfume!I am usually attracted to fresh green scents and have found that most sweet scents just sit on my skin and smell gooey sweet or very strong.  When a clerk at a store sprayed Flowerbomb for someone else while I was walking away from the perfume, it smelled so wonderful that I turned around & walked back to find out what it was.  When she handed me the bottle I was so disappointed because it was so sweet--and explained that while I liked it, it would NEVER work on me.  Still, she slipped a sample in my bag.  I wish I knew what her name was so that I could thank her!  I tried it a few weeks later and it didn't get sappy & sickly sweet like many other sweet fragrances do on me--just a nice soft scent. I disagree that it smells like cotton candy or that it is sugary sweet--but keep in mind that I usually can't wear any sweet scents, so it clearly is mixing differently with my chemistry than it does with the usual person.I just love this scent--which surprises me--it is the freshest "sweet" smell I have found!If you would like to try a sweet scent but have difficulty with excessive sweetness, give this one a try--it might just work for you!
I'm a convert. I initially wrote this off as the lovechild of Angel and Pink Sugar. I love Angel and I really like Pink Sugar, so I was more disappointed with Flowerbomb's lack of originality than the fragrance itself. But something prompted me to try it again, and now it's on my Wish List.  It starts off sweet but fresh, like cotton-candy and lemonade, and this is where I compare it to Pink Sugar. The citrus is bright and slightly tart, but soft...like creamy lemon curd, and I can already smell the jasmine coming through. I definitely get flowers, most noticeably the jasmine, but there are others shyly making an appearance every now and then - a bit of rose and something subtly spicy that could be freesia. It seems ambery and I agree with Aries81, it's very reminiscent of Alien due to the jasmine....so much so that I'm surprised it's not mentioned more frequently (but I don't, thankfully, get anything remotely resembling Tresor - I can't tolerate its musty/dusty peaches and roses accord.)  I don't get a lot of burnt-sugar sweetness in Flowerbomb - no caramel, but something sweetly creamy/buttery/ambery and resinous. I've seen other sources list a sandalwood note, and I would agree with that. The patchouli is the clean kind - powdery and fresh. (Btw - I don't like Coco Mademoiselle. I certainly get the comparison but to my nose their similarities are very superficial and mostly about the patchouli. I don't get a nice jasmine from Coco Mad if any at all. Flowerbomb is all about the jasmine. And after getting to know it a bit better, I can't seem to find what I initially perceived as a similarity to Angel - that's just gone. It, too, was probably very superficially about the patchouli.)This isn't an explosive or loud fragrance at all, so as others have noted, the name isn't particularly appropriate, even in its kitschy cutesy-ness....although the fragrance is a bit more casual and fun than formal or elegant, so I suppose the presentation isn't too bad. But presentation aside, the fragrance is the real story and I think it's wonderful - womanly and luxurious, sultry and sexy, smooth and luscious. I just love every element of it - from start to finish. And it finishes beautifully, and lingers for quite a while.  I'm very pleased to see that V&R have several bath and body products in the line - I can only imagine how heavenly the Voluptuous Body Cream is. 
I really like it. It's a heck of a lot like another "expensive" perfume of its ilk, Curve Vintage Soul. And even in that Flowerbomb is like Coco Mademoiselle. The citrusy patchouli drydown really gives that away.  Even then it's the jasmine "florals". And another commonality is Flowerbomb shares the patchouli, musk and vanilla (what doesn't?) with Coco Mademoiselle. Flowerbomb is much more floral and sweet patchouli and is not as vibrant as Coco Mademoiselle nor as open and "clean as Vintage Soul. Now contrary to the "flower" name, Flowerbomb dries into a patchouli musk with touches of vanilla. Oh yeah, and there's rose but it's overpowered by everything else going on. The EdP is fantastic but the EdT is so mild that it just kills the essence.
When I went to Dillards to give my friend her sample Of Above by Fred Miller (www.FredHMiller.com) the vendor gave me a sample of this. This is one of the best perfumes I have smelled in a long time! I was told that this is V&R first women's perfume, & they nailed it! A Very Pretty Floral Fragrance!
wow!!! i died and went to the big candy store in the skysooooo sweet and sugarythe most gourmand vanilla sugar fragrance ever, right next to angel
WOW! That was my first reaction to this beauty. Instant love at first sniff! Very sweet, but somehow Flowerbomb pulls off the sweetness without being cloying. The delicate floral notes wrap around the sweetness to produce a smooth creaminess that is pure decadence. Intoxicating! Reactions from female friends are somewhat "meh", but my male friends practically started drooling on me!I cannot detect the bergamot note at all. In fact, I am skeptical that it's really there at all! Bergamot seems to astringent to mix with the other notes here. A light tea moving rapidly to light jasmine is what I get. The middle notes last the longest on me; I only get the faintest notes of rose. Truthfully, there doesn't seem to be any drydown; like Ultraviolet (another winner for me) Flowerbomb has a very quick opening followed by hours of an unchanging middle. I also do not detect any patchouli, in fact was surprised to see it listed as a note. I suspect a light hand was used with the patchouli, and it is probably that note that keeps the sweetness in check. Not super long lasting on me, but with my chemistry that is typical (only about 4-5 hours at best).All thumbs up for me!
I only recently discovered Flowerbomb and tested it several times before deciding its charms were collection-worthy. There's more sugar than flowers, but the rose definitely comes through in a soft, powdery, sweet sort of way. Amber isn't listed in the notes but it's definitely there (to my nose) and warms everything up nicely. The tea comes through as well, as does the freesia. I believe the jasmine note is of the sambac variety, which I instinctively gravitate toward, and which smells more liquid, powdery and light than any other species of the plant (for reference, see Alien). The patchouli is a very clean version of itself - hardly there, in fact. Nothing like the patchouli hangover of Angel (which I adore but which would ruin this lovely feminine). I detect a slight hint of chocolate, as well. I used to own and adore Bath & Body Works' Sensual Amber, which is very similar to Flowerbomb, but with fruity notes replacing FB's chocolate.The lasting-power is good, as it is with most powdery, rose scents. In structure, I would certainly compare it to Alien, and  it has that same, sweet-rosy-powdery vibe that Tresor offers, only much softer and "pinker," and with a tea accord keeping it just slightly brighter. I think over-applying this scent will keep it from developing. It stays close to the skin however, so over-applying won't leave a strong trail of sillage in your wake. My guy smells caramel and I did too, on the test strip, but on my skin, it's a different story. Sometimes, when the weather's colder, I get more of a grape-juice-and-tea smell at first, which fades down to a very sweet jasmine. Other days, when my body temperature rises, I get more rose, more chocolate, and more of the powdery amber which is my favorite part. On the test strip, as my guy correctly noted, it smells of the trick-or-treat candy bags of our youth. He was sweet enough to get me a refillable bottle of this juice for Valentine's Day and I could not love the bottle more! The black V&R tab of the original has been replaced with a pink, metallic tab which matches the cap. It's overall, a thicker, rounder bottle and extremely original (though the juice may not be). Definitely recommended for anyone who likes Tresor, Alien, Lipstick Rose, or other sweet scents.
The first time I smelled this it must have turned under the lights and on top of the hot glass case at the department store. I purchased two bottles to sell overseas to  French West African clientele when I rediscovered this perfume. Wow is all I can say. It is somewhat reminiscent of Coco Mademoiselle BUT in my opinion more modern and wearable than C.M. (which my mother wears and seems way too dry and dead after a bit). Men love it and everyone asks about it-after all we wear perfume to attract the opposite sex, and it seems to me that the compliments I get from them are a positive. I only wear one other sweet floral and that is Carolina Herrera but this is a departure. I disagree with the negative comments on this one. It is extremely sexy and I wear it for every occasion. This is not a young woman's perfume. I just read more reviews about this and I think it is really very silly for people to compare some other scents as though they are exactly the same, Coco Mademoiselle is not even close and Angel is very chocolate-y and not even similar.
fairly young floral. for ages 35 and under i would think. very sweet jasmine, and patchouli without ever being to cloying. at least they did not over think this one as the men's version "antidote" has 25 different notes!!! i like them both though.
Interesting name, appealing bottle and good marketing made me try this scent in the mall... I sniffed the bottle first then gave up trying it on my skin as I thought it was another sweet sugary smell out there.Found it ordinary... But two weeks ago, a lady who I met in a conference was wearing a perfume which was amazing, she said it was Flowerbomb. Couple of days later another lady in the office was wearing a very good perfume and she said it was Flowerbomb, again. So I tried it again on my skin and changed my mind about it. Because it develops on your skin in a very good way. I cannot detect bergamot, tea and flower notes much, except jasmine, it blends with patchouli very well and becomes milky. This is definitely not an Angellike overly sweet perfume, not offending, and quite good choice for night and special occasions... Oh by the way, drydown reminds me of Gloria of Cacharel (although the notes are not similar)
I fell in love with this when it came out. I only where it during warm weather.  My dr. who has never commented on anything "personal" asked what smelled so good when he came into the examining room.  Now I have gone there for 15 years on a regular basis.  I find it to be sexy and I feel confident when I am wearing it. 
I love it, like I love Allure and cafe (an older fragrance). I like sweet fragrances and this one is perfect and last for many hours. I almost gave up buying it because the grenade bottle that remember me war, I hate it! But it smells so good I couldn't resist!It's pricey here in Brazil, but it's irresistible, my husband loved it!
Every afternoon in a local gym a ripped, rich, middle-aged estate agent with loads of attitude struts her stuff in a cloud of Flower Bomb, in the firm belief that she's da bomb. This cloud to me reeks of grainy, unclean patchouli on wilted flowers. Not at all objectionable, but perhaps a bit too much in a semi-crowded gym where ventilation can be an issue from time to time. All this doesn't mean to say that I won't be testing it on myself soon, make NO mistake...
The only thing missing from this fragrance is the orchestra. I am both repulsed and fixated by this near to parfum. At once, I resent the powdery languide of the middle note's predictable miss on seduction. But let it wait, like an overdressed girl on a park bench. Let it wait, the tension alone will elicit immediate attention, as the base notes politely demand. Sugar, spice and everything you'd better keep your eye on. This scent reminds me of Belgium beer and very tan boys. There is a definate bang to the end, which you are bound to find satisfying. Enjoy! 
This one is spicier than I thought --from the sweet n fruity reviews I figured it would be like candy sweet but the tea note and patchouli make it a really sexy scent and only sweet until it warms up and blossoms on the skin. It reminds me of other scents though, still if I was given a bottle I'd certainly wear it. 
I love it.... words can't explain.
disappointing!It's too fruity and sweet on me, just like "candy floss" as lots people described. I get the tea note which I like, but it was blocked by that cloying-and-never-cease sweetness...  I just wonder where the flower is. If I want some candy, I'd rather go for a bottle of  hilton's heiress, at least it's much cheaper!Maybe all these are due to body chemistry. but since quite a lot people felt same as me, I think is wise to have a test befor purchase.

Flowerbomb is great.  I really like it when my lady wears it. I love it from to to base...
It is absolutely amazing that their are so many people that are smelling burnt sugar and carmel and stuff....sticky sweet, sugary etc.  WOW!  I don't get that.  I do like RoseAmber's review, that describes it with light citrus-florals and powdery vanilla, etc.  THAT, I get.  It IS beautiful.  It's fresh and brilliant.  I have such a sensitive nose and am not the biggest perfume WEARER, more of a hobbyist...but for me this is very wearable and soooo agreeable with my chemistry.  So far, all have really liked it on me...even those who are not afraid to wince with disgust for other perfumes.  Flowerbomb, who cares what it's called or how the bottle is shaped???  Maybe the reviews are so poor because of the people expecting a certain kind of fragrance and this not being that.  People should just try it...I almost didn't because of the others it was likened to, so I crossed it off of my list to try.  Go figure, I accidentally tried it and love it!!!
This fragrance is amazing! It lasts forever, sometimes when I'm doing my laundry I can smell it on my clothes weeks after I've worn them. I always get tons of compliments when I wear it and whenever I smell it on someone else I think it smells amazing.
flowerbomb..not impressive but sensualsweet and warm  should be worn in the daytime or weekends. 
I'm not usually a fan of floral, but Flowerbomb is absolutely amazing, i'm obsessed
I melt everytime i smell this...as a guy,everytime i get a chance to go to a dept. store to see scents...this would be the first or second scent i would ask for a sample just to smell...amazing theme and concept on the name and bottle construction...it is a floral explosion...i forced one of my friends to put it on...and for the rest of the day...shopping around the mall...i could still smell it...perfect...
I recently sampled this at Nordstrom's on a female customer's wrist.  It's very similar (but a bit less "foody") than Angel.  The two are very similar, but I think FB is more feminine, and has greater mass appeal, than Angel.  Viktor and Rolf claim 16+ hours longevity, and sillage is excellent.  Of the two, FB is superior to Angel IMO, and is more suited to the more discreet and discriminating 30+ woman.  If you are into gourmand (edible) fragrances you can't go wrong with this one.  It is expensive, but also exclusive.  If you like the candy style but want to stand out from the crowd, this is the one to buy.
I love this scent. I particurally like the patchouli element in the dry down. It's floral, but in an unusual way but not at all prissy. I don't know what it is, but on me there is a very sweet element to it. Not the scent of a definate food, but a lovely sweetness.
Flowerbomb (quite appropriate name) is wonderrrfull! haha only way to put this one. My friend and I tried this one out for his younger sister--keep in mind she is young and I agree with La Senora that this can be very..youthful;). Regaurdless it just evoked this happiness in both of us, this sort of unvoluntary smile. It was very similar, in this effect and in scent as well, to a Creed frag we tried once some time back. Unfortunately we CANT remember the name and it kills me. I liked the drydown as well: reminds me a bit of something similar to YSL Cinema, but it has its own character from it as well.Just try it...Im not really a floral  fan anyway =\HOWEVER it seems important to this fragrance particularly that I note we tried it on paper on not yet on skin.
I want it! One thing I noticed is that on me, the scent does change. Strange as it may sound, it becomes masculine. I've always liked pushing the gender barrier, like Viktor & Rolf say, look for the contrast: this is my No. 1 rule. No drag obviously, just that I'm a man, I know what I want and I do what I want. I want pearls.
I love this perfume. On my way home, I stopped at the store at London Heathrow airport to kill time. I tried on flowerbomb and was very impressed by the smell. It's lovely. 
WOW!  I just love this Flowerbomb!  Everything about it is remarkably unique.  The bottle, the name, the fragrance notes...the way they "explode & smolder" ~ simply brilliant!  There has been so much extreme opinion on this one, but I personally find it attractive and wearable! 
Ijust recently purchased Flowerbomb.  It does last on my skin.  Since I love orientals the most, especially woody-orientals, I was surprised that I would like this as much as I do.  I find it to be just the right balance for someone who avoids florals and wants a softer, sweet floral.  It is not too intense for me. A miracle for this oriental fanatic! 

A good portion of my adolescence was spent in racing and touring leathers.  Ombré Leather does indeed smell like smooth leather to me (as opposed to suede) plus some sweet florals, as if I had a broken in riding jacket that had picked up some dried down Metallique.  Olfactory memories are amazing.  So strong was the association, for me, it triggered the remembrance of the sweat, shampoo, and plastic-metallic factory smell inside my helmet.  Pretty cool.  Ombré Leather gets two thumbs up for that.  
Smells similar to the raspberry opening of Tuscan Leather. But its funny, it only smells similar right off the top. It changes, and becomes a floral leather, then ultimately a dash of ambrox. At times it smells dry and floral like Dia, others its clean smoke patchouli. Its really good, and been an enjoyable wear every time. Lasts about 10 hours. Thumbs up!
Raspberry shoe leather!

Others before me have done a good pull-apart of this fragrance, so I won't get too verbose with this.

It's a linear scent that smells like shoe leather with the cardamom and jasmine giving this a slightly floral and sweet touch to it, akin to the faint odor of raspberries.  The best way I could describe this would be for you to go to a Nordstrom/Saks, etc., grab a nice captoe, maybe Allen Edmonds or Ferragamo, from the men's shoe department, walk towards the fragrance department, stand about twenty feet from a fragrance counter where the various perfumes can be smelled in the air, and then bury your face into the shoe and take a big whiff.  This smells like the midway point between the men's shoes section and the fragrance counters.  That's the best way that I can put Ombre Leather into an experiential description.

That said, I like it.  I'm not sure if others would enjoy smelling it on my person, but I just dig it.  I love the smell of good shoe leather, and this is a solid representation of it.  I'm also not sure what situation I'd be in where I would want to wear this or where it would be appropriate, but I do know that it needs to be autumn/winter to pull this one off.

Thumbs up on this quirky number!
Effectively a flanker of a flanker, Ombré Leather (2018) is not the unabashed home run that the limited edition Ombré Leather 16 was. Ombré Leather 16 cannily rebuilt Tuscan Leather around a sensual, striking, dark floral heart, creating a dynamic contrast between the leather blast for which Tuscan Leather became so celebrated and a more feminine, formal-feeling supporting structure.

The 2018 release is a drier, starker, more direct affair. The central leather accord is mostly preserved and is still appealing, but the lack of complexity is a significant weakness (unless you're using it for layering purposes). Still a fair buy, though, and I find it more pleasant and balanced than the originator of the line, Tuscan Leather.
Very refined, elegant and luxurious. Closest description would be more rounded, smoother and a bit creamy Dior Fahrenheit. I just can't make a better description of it.

Exquisitely well done, albeit not really original. One can't hold any grudge because of this lack of originality because the fragrance is so damn good. It is maybe a bit of a taste to acquire and not for beginners.

Originality 5/10
Scent 8/10
Longevity 9/10
Projection 6/10
_________________
70%
A beautiful refined leather frag, elegant, that some sweetness may allow for a woman to wear it.

I agree in saying that it is a more airy/thinner version of Tuscan Leather, with the rasperry being substitued by a jasmine note (that results smelling pretty similar to the rasperry). The drydown gives the impression of a subtle smoky note.

It is less aggressive, less in-your-face than TL, and for sure a more elegant version. It has a more suede leather than dark leather feeling.
That said, there is no compromise in performance, as it project strongly in the first couple of hours, and then stays moderate for another couple of hours. 

Pretty linear, but still another win for me together with Tobacco Oud, after a long series of "meh" from the house of Tom Ford.
Worth considering if you can get it under $100 (look around, it starts to show up for that price!)

Mildly cold evenings, 25+
Really nice offering from Tom Ford.

As a big fan of Tuscan Leather I thought this one would be redundant. I was wrong. What we have here is a leather/suede with various floral notes. I've heard others say that this is all leather. I disagree. The floral notes are quite noticeable. 

Doesn't have the staying power of something like TL but very nice in it's own right and would make a great choice for those that find TL a little overwhelming.

8.5/10  
Strong leather mixed with florals and warm, sweet caradmom and amber. An interesting combo that had me saying how masculine it made me feel while the wife thought it leaned too feminine.  Quite interesting.

Either way, it's a scent you keep having to re-smell to confirm your original thoughts and then adjust them to the newest nuance discovered after your latest sniff. Is it a Tuscan Leather flanker? No, scratch that.  Is it too feminine with the florals and sweetness? Nope, try again.  I'm enjoying my testing journey with this one as it really has changed my mind from the initial spray.

Projection is very good and longevity to match.  A very good performer.
Soothing and smooth leather in the first spritz that holds tight throughout the day.  Reminds me of the leather in Aleksandr but a hundred fold bolder and at the forefront. The jasmine plays second fiddle as leather is still dominant after the dry down. I have a soft spot for cardamom and in Ombre Leather it's has a fried/baked cardamom quality pushing it as more savory rather than sweet.  

I'm not a Tom Ford fan, I often find his perfumes and makeup overpriced, but this perfume I would gladly add to my collection. 
After a hugely successful (and underrated) career at YSL, Tom Ford set out to launch his own brand. To the many, this has been successful too, but in terms of fragrance, a disappointment to say the least.

Having only really owned one or two of his scents (Sahara Noir being by far my favourite of all, which is since discontinued), Ombre Leather comes as a welcome addition. Better still, it is not part of the private range.

It isn't hard to see what TF is trying to achieve here. Ombre Leather is a go-between Black Orchid and Tuscan Leather, with a deliberate appeal to both men and women thrown in. The use of nagarmotha is clearly toned-down here, compared to say, Black Orchid. This is welcome and makes this a controversial leather: it's by no means a traditional castorium-based leather. Instead, the black truffle notes of Black Orchid are apparent, as is TF's distinctive patchouli and jasmine accord. I particularly like the jasmine aspect.

The florals give it an added twist of femininity, whilst still holding true to the unisex badge. In fact, this part makes it quite alluring, yet sensual too. The concept of florals and leather is nothing new mind you: from Chanel's Antaeus in the early 80s to Acqua di Parma's more recent Colonia Leather from the Ingredient Collection, the idea has been hanging around for a while.

Ombre Leather maintains a long lasting trail well into the evening and this should be taken into account by the wearer. Projection is also quite strong. It's also worth noting that this is a "smell me from a distance" type of scent. Up close, it can be overpowering.

Finally, the bottle really fits the scent's overall theme quite well, making this a great addition to the 2018 line-up.
A sombre, super smooth, mild, post-industrial rubbery leather. A fragrance for rebels and darkly metallic warriors of the inhuman "funky" megalopolis. Cardamom provides a wet-piquant undertone for a while. Uncompromising, smoky, gasolinic and monolithic like a darker Santa Maria Novella Nostalgia. Not my genre but it hits the spot.
PS: dry down is far milder, less "rebel" (less smoky) and more "social" (fancy and glamour), with a subtle ambery/floral wake.
This one smells exactly like leather. Leather is the main Accord, I also got a bit of cardamom. Ombre Leather 2018 is possibly a new signature scent for leather fans.


Longevity is up to 10 Hours...



As other reviewers have shared, this one is a more appealing alternative to Tom Ford's Tuscan Leather and Ombre Leather 16.

In comparison, this new edition of Ombré Leather is more laid back, not as harsh nor alienating as the others, and is simpler. I get that lovely smell of leather shoes at boutique shoemakers in your typical mall, versus a big stack of thick-hide leather sacks. Amber is a favorite note for me in this scent, which along with the moss and patchouli create a smoothening effect.

Great outing from Tom Ford, which justifies for me the sudden disappearance of Ombré Leather 16 from the local dealers in my area. 


This will truly test a fan of leather fragrances. Ombré Leather (2018) looks to be a retooling of Ombré Leather 16 (2016), which itself was part of the Private Blends, while this entry is not. Ombré Leather kind of sits between the Signature Collection and the Private Blends line price-wise, as denoted by it's strange bottle which is plain like the Private Blend decanters but not squared off. Ombré Leather is a rather simple and straightforward affair, being the smell of black shoe and handbag leather right up front, with little else to get in the way. I'm not sure if Sonia Constant also composed this, but like the erstwhile Ombré Leather 16, this version plays with cardamom and patchouli as support players, but unlike the previous Private Blends iteration, doesn't feel like a toned-down feminine-aimed version of Tuscan Leather (2007). The new Ombré Leather wants to hang in the same wheelhouse as Knize Ten (1924), Dior Fahrenheit (1988), Ted Lapidus Pour Homme (1978), and vintage English Leather (1949) in terms of it's sheer petroleum-tanned nakedness, but it's still not as intense in the drydown.

Ombré Leather opens with that massive black shoepolish leather front and center, playing with a drop of jasmine indole and violet leaf to keep it focused in your mind. Cardamom comes into the middle along with patchouli to round and sweeten the deal enough so that it doesn't burn the nostrils like old English Leather can, sitting right between top and middle for the first few hours. The starring leather note very slowly fades, much slower than in Ombré Leather 16, keeping greater sillage as a result, and leaning fairly unisex, even if most heteronormative ladies wouldn't wear something that screams "Dominatrix" quite like this outside the bedroom. An old-school composite amber note (not ambroxan) joins a fancy new "fractured" oakmoss note free of it's allergens, first toyed with by Theirry Wasser of Guerlain for unreleased reforms of their classics, but now in Ombré Leather to give it a mild, if surprising moss bite at the end. The moss is still dialed way down for modern tastes, so vintage heads don't get too excited, but it's here. Overall, this smells like a shoe, as I first said in the beginning of the review, Ombré Leather will test a true leather fan's constitution from beginning to end.

I think the same level of notoriety and shock value as Tom Ford Black Orchid (2006) has the same potential to arise here in time with the right marketing. The idea of smelling like a cobbler or the gear one wears to a BDSM gathering can be both frightening and oddly alluring all at once. I don't know when you might find it appropriate to wear this, because most masculine-leaning leathers are flanked with herbal or booze notes while feminine ones have floral and fruity supporting players, unless we're talking the 70's and 80's, where everything from soapy orris to a "barrel note" was added. In this situation, I don't think Tom Ford was looking to emulate a specific era of fragrance as he is often wont to do, but rather just delivered an uncompromising one-off scent, oddly based on something from another line of his but brought down into slightly more-accessible territory price-wise, which is another odd facet about it. Tom Ford quirkiness never seems to disappoint, and even if this ends up in the same pop culture trash can as Fucking Fabulous (2017), at least it's a Hell of a sight more wearable. Definitely sample first and keep this to winter use if you decide to take it home, because Ombré Leather ain't messin' around no way no how.
This is a perfect leather.  I smell little if any difference from the '16 version.  What I do smell is an expensive, rich leather untainted by the fruit note that so often accompanies leather fragrances.  Expensive shoes, handbags and saddles in a luxury automobile with the crack of a whip barely hidden beneath the prestigious leather goods.  What is not to like?  A little indolic jasmine up front and a warm amber base add to the rich leather and make this a real winner.
Ombre Leather is more about amber than leather. Definitely more wearable than Tuscan Leather, but at the same time is not as classy as Tuscan Leather. They are very different from each other. Longevity and silage is good, albeit not as good as other Tom Ford fragrances. A thumbs up for sure.

Rating: 7/10
Ombre Leather is Tuscan Leather redone.

Difference to my nose is that OL is better presented, without the grab you by the 'sac' and never let go vibe of TL.  OL is far more wearable; does not beat up its wearer like TL does.  

I suspect it is TL at 50% strength with Tobacco Oud dialed in a bit to tone it down and masculinize it some.

As with TL, this will be love at first sniff for many.
Another hit for Tom Ford.
Great wearable alternative to Tuscan leather! Go sniff this one. Smells like a new car (expensive car) leather. 
Wow! I received a sample from Luckyscent and it was love at first sniff. This leather is earthy with the patchouli, moss and amber added to it. It is manly and sophisticated. I simply love it like all my other Tom Ford fragrances. Very long lasting fragrance.   
I really liked this when I smelled at Von Maur. I enjoy TF Tuscan Leather and this is very similar. It can almost hold its own to Tuscan Leather in my opinion. 

Here is how it compares to the two other biggest players in the leather game:
Tuscan Leather > Ombre Leather = AdP Leather
Very close to the original version as 2016, just slightly more floral. Better price also.  8/10

The opening is lovely - a fresh, natural, somewhat sweet tuberose/jasmine accord, however I unfortunately don’t get anything close to the longevity others have gotten. This fragrance disappears entirely from my skin in about fifteen minutes. 

UPDATE: I sampled this at Sephora and could smell it pretty much all day, so my first sample from eBay must have been off - or fake, which is hard to believe. In any case I am changing my review to give this a thumbs-up. The florals are a lot more lush as well. Nice quality white floral for a designer fragrance. 
Smack in the face!  The tuberose hit with all its glory: rich, a touch waxy, and just delightful. Soon the jasmine arises; not only does it arise but it also raises the stakes: rich, the bud is in the foreground and there is a leave green element with whiffs of woods too. 

This heart is and remains the floral mix; additional whiffs of and gardenia come and go.

The later stages add a honeysuckle-like aroma, which probably is the element of the Rangoon creeper added in.  Is is the sweetest component in the development of this floral bunch, but this is a civilised and lovely sweetness, which is never unpleasant, intrusive or cloying.  

I get moderate sillage, excellent projection and a splendid twelve hours of longevity on my skin.  

This floral spring scent is a beauty.  Gucci harkens back to the days of quality over superficially blandly synthetic fruitchouli tedium.  The notes are classical but never of the dowager-ageing character that tuberose-fragrances can be prone to sometimes, and manage to include and element of contemporary freshness.  Whilst not a particularly original or complex creation, the ingredients are of a high quality.  The performance is superb.  Gucci back to its old olfactory glory.   3.5/5. 



I'm surprised that this has been the commercial success that it is, given its notes are often accused of making a perfume smell like an "old lady" (the words used by many people who are inexperienced in describing perfumes, not I). A few years back I myself didn't enjoy heavy white florals and thought that I loathed jasmine in perfumes. It turned out that I just wasn't smelling the right ones that were blended in a way that I could love. And once I did I began to appreciate white floral perfumes, which allows me to own and enjoy this one like I do today.

Because this is strictly floral and nothing but the floral, and they are some of the strongest heavy hitters in the floral perfume world (tuberose, jasmine, honeysuckle) it could have easily been too overwhelming, but Morillas has managed to blend and create a solid release under a mainstream name that showcases an under appreciated genre in designer scents, and do it in a classy way that is easy to understand by people of all ages. There will be some people who still do not "get" or like this scent, but I've seen a lot of people warm up to the idea of this release who might have been saying the same thing I did a few years ago (jasmine perfumes smell like p**p!) I've seen it on the dressing tables and Instagram pictures of many beauty influencers who's signature scents used to be Vera Wang Princess and Pink Sugar. This is quite a step in a direction of different and seemingly more mature. This perfume brings the hope that perfume houses might start creating and releasing a variety of scents in their showcase, rather than 94 of the same exact scent with a different colored bow on the bottle. (Now granted, they have released 2 flankers of this scent in particular already, but anything that is the antithesis of LVEB mean I'm not arguing.)

To bring it all back to what this scent smells like and not necessarily its role in the marketing and release world of designer fragrances- this is a pleasant and "crowd pleasing" white floral. Unless you really just do not like floral perfumes, this will not your ruffle feathers, but a test on skin is still recommended- no matter how tempting those influencer's dressing table pics with this bottle may be. On my skin, this does go a bit indolic in a way that if it were any stronger I would've recoiled away in disgust, but it is such a light touch to the lushness of these florals that I really do not mind. In fact, it adds a touch of intrigue to this scent that causes me to keep whiffing to see if that's really what I smell. I wind up huffing myself like a crazy person, before I decide on the fact that I find the scent oddly pleasing and comforting. 

I've read a lot of reviews that suggest many people do not get this slightly animalic smell and instead have only found a basic nonoffensive white floral smell with a touch of greenness, so don't let this turn you off of testing. I'm used to my white florals always having a woody amber/vanilla base so it could just be that I am unfamiliar with the smell of a true floral fragrance completely exposed. If you are too, this is a really good place to start.

Sillage is actually really good with around 5-6 sprays I smell myself all day, which means this fragrance lasts all day. I sprayed mine last night and I'm smelling it well into the morning all around me. I'm not sure if this means anything, but my bottle's atomizer is very fine as well. When it sprays, I almost do not feel any liquid touching my skin, and I feared that my bottle may be defective. But the performance on my skin tells me that this bottle just has unique mechanisms that allow a less saturated application and more skin/clothing to be fragranced. This is probably why I experience such great performance and I'm greatly impressed by this as I have many perfume bottles, and I don't remember any of them having this feature. 

I'm one of those people who loves tuberose in theory but hates it in practise. It's over-used to suggest an erotic theme and has an astonishing ability to dominate a fragrance to the exclusion of pretty much any note less forceful than household bleach. Gucci has, therefore, achieved something impressive in creating a tuberose I actually like. 

Bloom is lightweight and fresh, capturing the moisture of tuberose without feeling tired and humid. It doesn't have enormous longevity (at least not when applied with a light hand), but it's a very wearable floral which definitely isn't run-of-the-mill.
Bloom is the newest perfume by Gucci brand that appeared in 2017. New creative director Alessandro Michele and famous “nose” Alberto Morillas decided to freshen up Gucci’s perfume collection with two unusual editions, for the brand but also for entire designer line. They’ve made a bigger step with male perfume (if you can call it like that because the basic assumption is that to smell good) Gucci Guilty Absolute, and then with retro Bloom perfume,

Gucci Bloom has a soliflore composition that, as the name says, consists of only one flower, in this case, tuberose. Of course, in reality perfumes don’t have only one ingredient and in soliflore’s case, it’s the question of mixing the scent notes in a way that only one stands out. In Gucci Bloom fragrance tuberose is backed by jasmine and Rangoon Creeper ivy or Chinese honeysuckle (Combretum Indicum) that was allegedly never used in perfume industry. This interesting flower is growing in tropical areas of Vietnam, Burma, and Thailand and with its opulent scent and color that changes daily from white to pink and finally red, it attracts both insects and people.

Tuberose’s characteristic is its peculiar, heavy scent that people either love or loathe. That highly polarizing effect doesn’t stop with tuberose scent note since Gucci Bloom soliflore composition also divides people, like a jingle that we hear on the radio that we either hum or it annoys us every time we hear it. My first reaction to Gucci Bloom was negative, an overdose of floral juices that immediately prompted a desire for something fresh and green, like cis-3-hexyl or triplal which is odd since creative director Alessandro Michele said that he “wanted a scent that will transport you immediately to a garden full of flowers and greens.” But it went into my nose, ear, mind…Now I’m glad I gave it another chance because I believe it is one of the better novelties this fall.

If you pick this perfume be careful because with Gucci Bloom it’s all about the art of applying the fragrance. Too little will cause nausea, to much a headache. If you put it in the too warm room you will smell like the inside of flower ship and in too cold room, it will smell like an ice cream which best to date has expired. But with the right temperature and in right conditions…you will smell heavenly. I would suggest you use it only during long walks when the temperature is between 10 to 25 C.

The way the perfume was presented is surprising. “Garden as beautiful as women: with many colors, wild, different, full of everything. Gucci Bloom embodies this garden to attract you to a place that no longer exists.” But there is no garden. It’s about one flower, tuberose. Not only that entire Gucci Bloom is focused on it but also the entire perfume industry as it is the most expensive ingredient in the world, destined by a subtle and refined method of enfleurage. It you like tuberose and perfumes like Dyptique Do Son or Frederic Malle Carnal Flower, be sure to try Gucci Bloom next time you visit your favorite perfume shop.
Beside Rush, I am not an owner of a Gucci perfume. None of them suits me. I am sorry I had no chance to smell Envy because I heard it was a beautiful creation.
Now, let’s talk about Bloom. Tuberose is a nice flower but it can be very heavy. 2017 seems to be a tuberose year: Twilly, Gabrielle and now Gucci Bloom. I bet that by the end of the year there will be more perfumes that have tuberose as a starting point.
The fragrance opens with a sweet tuberose. The sweetness comes from honeysuckle, a flower from heaven with a gorgeous smell. So, I get a sweet, wonderful tuberose because it is the diva in this composition.
The perfume is linear with a tuberose which dominates the other notes. Sweet but not sickly, sharp but not annoying, loud but not disturbing. A classic composition made for all those who love white flowers.
The dry-down is a little powdery and balsamic maybe due to orris root, but still full of tuberose.
Projection and longevity are very good.
Gucci Bloom is a very nice fragrance where the tuberose is very well represented. It is different from others perfumes and bold in its own way. A good floral for the floral lovers.

This is such a gorgeous, balanced white floral scent that I love to the point of obsession, but unfortunately I'm hard pressed to get it to last more than 3 hours on my skin.

I'm not very familiar with tuberose but to me this scent is predominantly jasmine, which I love.  Two things are working against me buying the bottle:
1) my boyfriend is averse to the scent (it irritates him so much his nose runs).
2)  I've worn it three times and only on one occasion, it lasted 7 hours on one arm but wore off within 4 hours on the other arm.  On the other two occasions, it wore off within 4 hours and I'd have to respray.  For reference, I wore it in 65F / 18C weather and moisturised my skin with frag-free lotion beforehand.

I'm still on the hunt for a similar jasmine scent with better performance.

For me the best way to enjoy Mitsouko, whether vintage or current formulation, is to wear the extract.  It’s the smoothest, prettiest version of this peachy chypre and it won’t leave you scratching your head like some of the other incarnations can.  The challenge of the EDP and EDT comes from that distinct “peach skin” accord of the opening notes.  It’s an abstraction, an idea of a natural smell recreated with persicol, oakmoss and other chemicals that will have varied reactions.  Some swear they smell a photorealistic peach plucked from the tree. Others like myself smell something both bitter and shrill, like champagne laced with strychnine.  But the extract is different.  It’s for Goldilocks. Somehow the peach comes off sweeter and golden, like it is linked to the milky warmth of sandalwood in the basenotes.  This Mitsouko is the one that immediately validates her status as legendary because she is such a timeless, unique and addictive concoction with layers of interest and complexity.  It is easy to imagine a person of 1919, 1960, 1989...etc. being faithful to this bottle and wishing that it never change.  That isn’t to say the EDP and EDT don’t have their own devotees, but it will depend upon how you react to that opening accord. When people talk about classic perfumery, French-style, abstract composition, they’re talking about Mitsouko.  It’s the reference chypre, the Mona Lisa of Grasse. The unlikely to be pretty Bergamot, Patchouli, Cistus and Oakmoss accord tinted and Guerlain-ified with fruit and flowers.  A perfectly judged, impossible to duplicate, enduring, mysterious masterpiece.  
This is reviewing a 50ml refill bottle of the EDP I bought online in August 2019. I don't know what the edition is, yet I am quite sure this is one of the most recent formulations, because yes, it is different from the formulae I have always known.

I will hasten to add that it smells wonderful... So it's not *bad*... just *different*.

Brilliant, nose-prickling aldehydes slowly evanesce to reveal a head of bergamot, and possibly delicate accents of sweet orange, a phantom lemon, petitgrain and neroli to create a brilliant citrus head. And the famous fruity, dry peach, kissed with a discreet anise.

To my nose, this new edition has more musky quality, with perceptible deermusk, civet and ambergris (all synthetic, I'm quite sure). Being a big animalic fan, I like this quality.

In years past, it would be at this moment that I smelled a certain urinaceous quality-- likely castoreum-- smelling for all the world like deer urine in a Texas cedar forest, its floor covered in moody, mulching autumn leaves. I'm really not getting that note here now... the peach/citrus is more juicy and "present".

To my nose, the spicy qualities have also been ratcheted down and made more linear, less "3D"; I suspect the famous clove note of the classic formula also had to be refomulated here, as the barky, non-sweet cinnamon is nearly as prominent now as the clove.

I am getting very little floralcy here, truth told, yet I am picking up on a salty Play-Doh heliotrope, girded with the French thyme "medicinal" or "Band-Aids" note that some describe. I'm not sure I'm getting any rose or lilac at all, and the result is, this formula smells considerably more masculine than ever, beginning to approach the brassy warmth of, say, KNIZE TEN. The pencil-ly cedar note is more discreet now, too.

The absence of oakmoss means that this formula is not quite as rounded, fungal, darkly sweetish and Art Deco-fusty as the old mixture used to be; it is also less "melancholy", as this perfume is so often famously described. Our forlorn geisha waiting for her British beau seems to have cheered up a bit, clambered up onto her tatami sandals and put on some Shiseido tangerine-colored lipstick.

And yet, I cannot melodramatically decree that MITSOUKO has been "ruined" here; the hand that has blended this is obviously expert and of the highest skill. This is still some fine, fine French perfume. In fact, some might say that this new EDP is more "wearable" than it ever was, more of a tous-les-jours candidate today, and not quite the distant and difficult "monument" she has always been. She might even be more "lovable" now (yet still removed from the sweet 'n' naughty hooker-with-a-heart that Rochas FEMME is). I cannot fault this *jus*, and she actually may find more modern lovers in this new guise.

Verdict: significantly tangier and juicier than earlier formulae; musky animalic notes more "present" now, though less urinaceous; very little perceptible floralcy and overall more masculine aura; less sweet and funky/fusty base.

Still gorgeous, bold, golden-glowing and compelling.

(UPDATE---->) Okay, now I'm getting the lilac. Surprisingly, it is not a head or heart note, but rather comes out to play in the late development of the EDP, after the spices have settled down! Mingled with an obvious iris, it smells both powdery, pastel purpley, and rubbery, like wet latex paint. Intriguing!
Peachy, musky and mossy. Maybe just a touch powdery and pissy. That is my thoughts. Not bad smelling or impossibly dated. Addictive and delightful. Classy and sophisticated. Complex. 
Adore this historic scent.  I just love this fragrance, and I make sure my wife always has a bottle!
Woman in the Dunes by Hiroshi Teshigahara 1964
Kobo Abe (novel)
Mitsouko (1919) is not just a great perfume, but also a very important one. Loved by generations and almost passed down like an heirloom from its fans to their children, Mitsouko is one of the most often-discussed classic Guerlains in existence, picking up the nickname "Mitzy" by it's admirers. I feel like a century after its creation, Mitsouko can only really be appreciated outside of these faithful fans for the history, context, and legacy it left behind for most rank and file people. Folks who enjoy perfume in the 21st century will have a difficult time understanding the appeal of Mitsouko, if only because it is of a style effectively extinct in mainstream or designer perfumery, and that style is of the chypre. Jicky (1889), L'Heure Bleue (1912), and the later Shalimar (1925) were all more or less in the fougère style, or semi-oriental fougère in the case of Shalimar, but Mitsouko was not part of Jacques Guerlain's usual "compound building" technique of basing perfumes on other perfumes, or building off of partial structures from past works, thus is unrelated to them or "Guerlinade". Instead, Mitsouko was a thoroughly new creation from the ground up, in an emerging style Jacques likely wanted to play with, and a style proving quite popular with women, becoming universally popular for much of the 20th century. It wasn't until the advent of aromachemicals that classic perfume genres declined in favor of cleaner and less-assertive compositions, with the restriction of substances upon which chypres were mostly based making chypres too difficult to create; the style had simply fallen from grace far enough to not make it worth the research anyway. In the meantime, the fruity-floral mannerisms and brisk cistus/oakmoss backbone of Mitsouko inspired countless perfumes to follow, and like most early 20th century feminine Guerlains, was also used extensively by male dandies, even being a favorite of esteemed actor Charlie Chaplin. The origins of the name "Mitsouko" is up to debate, but most sources point to it being derived from the name of the heroine in Claude Farrère's novel "La bataille (The Battle), set in Japan during the Russo-Japanese War, and telling of a secret affair between a British Navy Officer and one "Mitsouko," the wife of Fleet Admiral Baron Tõgõ Heihachirõ. As the story goes, both the officer and the Admiral went off to war together, and Mitsouko waited at home for the return of the survivor, with whom her romance would continue on. I think the association with this story alone managed to sell considerable units, since the Guerlain advertising was often hinted at it. 

The smell of Mitsouko is designed somewhat to be a compliment to the previous L'Huere Bleue, which is why they share the same bottle design. L'Heure Bleue is meant to symbolize waiting for love at the onset of night, while Mitsouko is meant to symbolize the returning of said love after a battle, representing something of a symbolic beginning and conclusion of a story arc. L'Heure Bleue is mostly a rich, powdery floral fougère, which comes on strong then fades into sweet warmth. Mitsouko is the equal opposite of this development, and represents a fragrance that literally reverse fades into view by being quiet in the opening, then gradually ratcheting up presence until the complex and sharp chypre base provides the climax. Mitsouko opens transparent, with light fruity top notes of peach, mandarin, bergamot, neroli, and lemon. The smell is so very familiar at the onset because most of us have encountered some of the women's perfumes ranging from drugstore to boutique perfumer that have attempted its emulation. The middle slowly materializes with rose, jasmine, ylang-ylang, and lilac, with a spicy clove note to sensually bind them all. By the time the base finally arrives, it's pretty difficult to tell notes apart, as the fruity floral top and middle collapse into a very complex and blended chypre base, with oakmoss and cistus labdanum being the only two really noticeable players outside some musk, amber, and sandalwood. Not quite Guerlinade, but still clearly over-engineered like most Jacques Guerlain pefumes. Some of the most cherished classics actually come across as hot takes on Mitsouko's finish in hindsight, so that deja vu comes back again for another round in my mind. Unlike whatever random Revlon or Coty everyone's Aunt Maude wore, Mitsouko has a certain refined air of a true sophisticate in its DNA, and doesn't reveal all sides of its structure in every single wear. Performance varies on concentration but more on that later. Mitsouko is not a casual fragrance, nor was ever meant to be, so wear it on special occasions where something as deeply textured or mysterious as Mitsouko feels warranted. Being perhaps one of the finest examples of a dead genre makes Mitsouko feel a tad more antiquated than some of its peers of the day, since Shalimar still remains in the public consciousness thanks to modern celebrity endorsement, plus the older turn-of-the-century Guerlains seem to more closely-resemble genres experiencing resurgence in modern prestige perfume. Mitsouko by contrast just sort of sits pretty with its hands in its lap as the darling precursor of the mid 20th century's favorite feminine style, which does more to make it an anachronism than the rest, but at least it isn't powered by aldehydes like Chanel No. 5 (1921).

I love chypres, but I also can't rightfully lead anyone to sample this without first making it clear that Mitsouko has weathered age the least-gracefully of all the classic Guerlains. Naturally, all moss was limited to ridiculously small levels by IFRA after 2011, and from 2006 to 2011, a blend of oakmoss and treemoss had to be used to reduce the amount of skin sensitizers naturally occurring in oakmoss by itself. This is why most classic chypres outside of the big sellers are discontinued, and the ones profitable enough to keep on the shelves in spite of themselves have been reformulated sometimes to the point of being unrecognizable by fans of the original releases. Contrary to that, a lot of research money has been dumped into the preservation of Mitsouko, with low-atranol "fractured" versions of oakmoss using molecular chemistry being substituted by Guerlain house perfumer Thierry Wasser for the natural stuff. It's this same reconstituted oakmoss that also exists in modern Habit Rouge (1965), and  makes Guerain chypres a far better sight and more authentic than most other chypre survivors in modern times, but still markedly different from vintage since oakmoss is such a linchpin to the chypre accord itself. Other Guerlains from the era like L'Heure Bleue or Shalimar rely more on powdery vanillic tonka bases or oriental elements, so they have survived in forms much closer to their original state than Mitsouko. Regardless of whether one seeks vintage or not, Mitsouko is still a large perfume by modern standards, so only fans of slow unfurling dry downs should seek it, with old colognes being brighter, current eau de toilettes having a more floral character, and parfum extrait having the deepest base presence/longest wear. I really like Mitsouko, and even if it's among the harder classic Guerlains for a man to pull off, I'd still flaunt it like I just don't care (because I don't), however I also cannot in good conscience call this unisex. Classic chypre fans consider Mitsouko one of several holy grails for good reason, but for everyone else, it is more of a historical journey than a practical perfume, answering the question of why "Mom's old Avon" smells the way it does. Well, now we have our answer: it wanted to be Mitsouko. Since 1919, a lot perfumes have wanted to be Mitsouko, even future Guerlain ones. Everyone just wanted to be Mitsouko, but there can only ever be one Mitsouko, and she still patiently waits for us to return home from our battles, so she can give us her love. Thumbs up!
Now and then I’m down in the dumps, worried about the sad state of the world.  Whenever that happens, Mitsouko is a perfect antidote.  Art, history, culture, timeless style — all perfectly represented here. Just one or two sprays, and it’s like the feeling I get in fine art museums.  You know you’re in the presence of genius.  As with all fine arts, it’s likely to take some time to really figure out and “get” Mitsouko.  Keep trying, it’s very much worth the effort.  Highest recommendation. 
Mitsouko is made with superb ingredients and smells very sophisticated.

I associate this smell with cigars and pipe tobacco. No need to be scared with it being peachy and feminine.
It’s not bad, but I feel bad for not liking it. The opening with bergamot is interesting, just like Shalimar. Then it’s a bit dull... 

OK, OK. After reading your reviews, I guess I'll have to try it again. 

The vintage Parfum miniature I have (from the 90’s) is way more interesting and make this review go from a “meh” neutral to positive. The bergamot is less present and goes towards a beautiful floral mix. Very potent. 
Say my name !!!! Mitsouko !
Wonderful !I like edt ,edp not good smell.
What wondrous story
Making past seem like present
Stirs in your bottle?
I bought this blindly and the Eau de Toilette came in the mail a few days ago. 

When I opened the gold box and took the elegant bottle out I was excited. 

Then I sprayed it on me. It instantly reminded me of my late Aunt Serena who lived from 1921-2011.  Which was both good and bad.

This scent is unlike anything I've ever liked. My first impression was that I hated it. My preferences are for notes such as opoponox, sandalwood, cedar, cypress, and bergamot. My favorite scents are Chanel Bois des Iles, Diptypque Tam Dao, Tom Ford Noir and Gucci II. I took a "risk" by purchasing Mitsouko.

The problem with me, personally, is that I was convinced this smelled like my late Aunt Serena. I loved her, but I did not want to smell like her. So I contacted her son and asked him if his mother ever wore Mitsouko.

His answer was related to something that will not sound at all politically correct but it is the truth.  

Aunt Serena was married to Uncle Luke,  who served in the US Army Infantry during WWII. He fought in the most brutal battles in the Pacific, both on Leyte Island and Okinawa against Japanese forces. He saw the worst of war. He hated the enemy.

So according to Serena and Luke's son Tom, his mom would NEVER wear any perfume that sounded Japanese. My apologies for having to communicate something which sounds prejudiced to modern ears. Yes it is, but it must be understood in connection to those who experienced WWII. There are still some old people who won't drive German cars, or people in China who cannot forgive Japan, or Japanese who cannot forgive the atomic bombs. We must all repair our bonds but we also must try and see how historic hates metastasized into wars. 

So now I know my Aunt Serena never wore Mitsouko. And after learning of this, I reapplied the scent, forgot the association, and found that Mitsouko needs time to appreciate. 

It is frankly old-fashioned, reminding me of opening up an old box of newspapers in an attic, smelling the inside of piano, entering an old house where a woman just dusted herself with powder and went into the kitchen and sliced up a peach.

The scent sticks and sticks and will not go away. It dries down into something perceptible and ruminative. It makes me think of the piano score from the Anastasia (1958) written by Alfred Newman and starring Ingrid Bergman.
I read another fragrantica review about Guerlains, which propose an explaination why this truly legendary brand not as popular as it was: they're not those over-the-counter 5-minutes-fame perfumes, they're mean to be take-home and appreciated in a longer time frame. Most people don't have the patience now.

Now that I've experienced mitsouko, I can't agree more with this review.

First time I tried mitsouko at counter, the sales person burst into laugh when they saw the grimace I made: the opening is a bit off-putting. It has a rather medicinal note which appears in a lot of old Guerlains, and I still don't know what caused it. I also get that inky/wet oakmoss tone on top. The rest of it is soft-fresh spice smell, not sweet, not warm, not harsh.

I just let it sit on my arms and went home, planning to scrub it off as soon as I can. By one accident sniff I was captured: it turns into something divine. The only note I can pick out is peach, not in a realistic way——frankly speaking, a lot of realistic peach only make me feel they tried too hard——but rather...lazy and comforting, not unlike a beauty lies blithely on the bed of aforementioned spicy accords, as if she did not know how charming she is. 

So Guerlain teachs me a lesson: never judge a perfume by its opening, especially old classics like mitsouko.


Each evening, come rain or shine, I run with my whippet through the enormous walnut orchards by my house, as the sun slowly sets. During the fall (my favorite season), the walnuts ripen and finally shed their skins, and the fruit drops to the ground. The skins, the shells, the still-warm earth, and the fading leaves on the trees--all of this is closely reincarnated in Mitsouko. The perfume's dark, velvety oak moss and its walnut-skin bite of piquant green create in me an almost melancholic introspection that suits my artistic nature down to a T. It's autumnal tone and notes that mimic moist, rain-soaked dirt speak to me in the same way that black and white films and photographs do. Its beauty is an aching, longing kind that will never be totally fulfilled, and it is all the more lovely because of this. Somehow Mitsouko seems to find the commonalities between the human body and the natural world, all the while speaking to a deep, nameless emotion that those who have lived long enough, share. 

-Review for the vintage PdT
I bought Mitsouko perfume bottles 15ml.& 7ml. This is classic and very beautiful smell. Perfume had flower,wood smell but Eau de Toilette had green smell sharply. I don't like EdT. 
This one I like, depending on my mood.  To me it is a woody, slightly spicy, floral.  No one note stands out.  They are all blended together.  It is a somewhat monotone fragrance.  

I have learned to love this.  Perhaps it is all the sampling of other perfumes, since purchasing this one, that I have come to appreciate its beauty.
This one crept up on me. I got myself a 2 ml sample of the EdT because I wanted to explore some of the classic Guerlain fragrances. I did not expect to really love it, but it did sound interesting, and I thought it might help me understand what a chypre smells like.

On the first try I did not even know whether I liked it or not. Compared to most of my (rather Chanel heavy) fragrance collection, this one smelled a little odd, a bit difficult, slightly off even. It did, however, smell interesting, not generic, and certainly not boring, and somehow I kept going back to that sample to try some more.

It took me a few wears to distinguish and label the different notes I smelled. I definitely get peach. It's not a bright and sunny peach, but more of a mysterious dark peach. I also get a little of the jasmine and some subtle woods in the base, but neither of these notes are the star of the show. 

The real defining note for me is what I've been lovingly calling the Guerlain funk. In the case of Mitsouko, it's a stale-flower-vase-water funk; vegetal, fuzzy and cool. It gives this fragrance a deep dark, murky green feel. This might sound unattractive, but it isn't. Combined with the dark gold sparkle of the peach, it transports me to a shadowy pond in a enchanted forest, where frogs just may transform into princes. 

And by the time I used the last of my 2 ml sample I felt sad that I would now be without this fragrance, so I bought a full bottle.

I have the sneaking suspicion that I'll continue to like this more the more  I wear it.


This review is for the 2014 EDT, which is reputed to be among Guerlain's better reformulations. I also have a 2015 EDP, and can't recommend that one - it has a sour note, and might have been among the batch issued prior to Guerlain's 2015 Mitsouko and L'Heure Bleue production halt due to a problem with one of their shared ingredients (that issue was resolved, and production resumed in 2016). The 2015 suspension involved only the EDP and parfum extrait concentrations of those fragrances - not the EDT.

Mitsouko EDT, while of course lighter and thinner than the parfum, is true to its heritage and actually smells more like my vintage juice than the 2015 EDP (referenced above). The EDT is fresh, crisp and well delineated, and it even has a little of the bite we associate with oakmoss (though modern Mitsouko contains only a fractionated version of that restricted ingredient). So I agree with those who say that 2014 was a very good year for Mitsouko EDT.  
It's bright and sunny. I smell peach and ginger and mace and honey. Even so, I would keep it for spring and summer. It's got a little spice to it as it opens up, and while I wouldn't call this a night scent /for me/, I tend to wear masculine perfumes at night, so this might be deep enough for someone who prefers florals in the daytime. 
Mitsouko edt is a fun, interesting fragrance, reminiscent of a leather handbag filled with lotions and other secrets, with some bright fruit and sweet flowers, peach and jasmine, I gather.
Unbelievably multi-faceted and ever-evolving during the course of a single wearing, and different to my nose every day I wear it. It seems like everything affects it, and tilts it one way or another along a burnished gold spectrum: the temperature outside, the time of year, my mood, the alignment of the planets, what I had for lunch :). Even though some days it's not for me, it is simply without peer and worthy of its pedestal. A treasure.
Purchased for my wife based on Basenotes reviews and popularity.  I own several Guerlain fragrances and always have found the house's scents very well done in a quite traditional sense.

What struck me as odd about Mitsouko is that it didn't seem dated at all but in fact, a very modern fruity chypre.  The peach and jasmine middle notes are prominent, supported by a mossy wood base.  Sweet, but not sickly.  Although not listed, there's a touch of white floral, to keep it feminine.  Good longevity and average sillage.  Seems to be a better fall to spring scent.  Wife likes it.

Thumbs Up for me as well.
I've tried this on a few occasions now, as all Guerlains require me to before reviewing! Well, this is an interesting one.  It takes confidence for a man to wear it, but once you feel confident, it's an amazing experience and nobody would ever think you were wearing a "Women's" fragrance.  Right at the start it's slightly fruity but in my opinion it's "dry", not juicy. That dryness allows it to be firmly unisex where just a bit more juice would have leaned feminine.  There's some citrus and spice lurking in the background but it's never very strong on me.

The middle is also immediately evident, you don't really need to wait for the top to fade.  The middle is moss and rose, plus just a bit of a peach-fuzz-like effect.  Also the moss here doesn't smell like the oakmoss we're all used to, at least not to me, and it smells nothing like the little vial of true oakmoss I have either.  It smells recognizably like standard green moss that you might have smelled as a child.  There's some vetiver somewhere in the mix too but it isn't grassy, it's earthy.  There are some woods in there as well but I can't quite pinpoint exactly what kinds of woods they are.  They're soft and don't smell generic or synthetic.  If this all makes it sound like a scent influenced by unusual outdoors-evoking smells, that's because it is.  Slightly sweet but earthy and rich, and shame unto anyone who says that description doesn't sound masculine, or at least unisex.

Things get softer toward the end but that's really it with this fragrance.  The only thing that made me question wearing this out in public was that rose note.  Upon further thought, however, I decided rose is very common in oud scents and incense fragrances that men wear.  If it's OK to mix with a peppery wood and smokey incense, why not earthy vetiver and moss? One more thing that really solidified my confidence in the fragrance's unisex quality was its reference in Habit Rouge EDP.  There are some parts in the middle of Habit Rouge EDP that are, at least in my opinion, a firm nod in Mitsouko's direction.  When I close my eyes and smell my wrist while wearing this, "feminine" doesn't even come to mind.  So relax, men, this is more masculine than original Habit Rouge and Habit Rouge EDP.  I think it's significantly more masculine than Dior Homme.  This is certainly more masculine than Shalimar, which many men wear.  Plus it's an amazing composition that we deserve to enjoy too!  Big thumbs-up from me.

Salutation.
MITSOUKO is one of the best NIGHT scents.A heavenly feminine elegant scent that evokes wonderful memories as it is a unique part of your personality.It have a timeless appeal which transcends time.Mysterious,Classy,Warm,Heavy, Exquisite,Classic,Generous,Traditional and Unforgettable.

It has Floral-Fruity top notes that reveal Citruses,Peach with a soft spicy touch these lead to the Warm and Mossy base notes ruled by Amber,Okamoss and Vetiver as it has a lot of hidden undertones that seems to come out at different times of Night.It smell makes precious effluvium and transport it to Everyone.

It is strong but not overpowering or obnoxious.Regardless MISSOUKO is a must try,this classic scents possess a charisma that nowaday perfumes are lack it.no doubt it appropriate for COLD EVENINGS and i recommend it to a High Class and Dignified Lady in SPECIAL occasions.Heaven in a Bottle.

Sillage?Great.

Longevity?Magnificent on my skin.

8/10

This perfume has a little something in it for everyone. Herbal? Check. Gourmand? Check. Sweet - but not overly so? Check. Sexy? Major check. The base notes come out early, rounding out the middle notes into a robust, sexy scent, that dries down into something more somber and thoughtful. Quite an amazing journey. Plus, I do love a good peach scent... If you like Bond No 9 Chinatown, this will be up your alley. 
Edt Version. A smooth yet bitter chypre with a surging moss note that seems to rise up from the center of the composition.

Mitsouko is pretty great. It highlights the complexity of Guerlain’s compositions, managing to form a wall-of-scent effect but without clobbering you in the process. It's the ideal merger of florals, citrus, spices, and moss with the latter two items sitting in the front seat. To me, it’s a smoldering kind of perfume that seems to move away from the pyramid structure we’re familiar with to create instead the impression of a primary green core with the secondary notes rippling out in concentric waves.

As it settles, it takes on more of a wood/grass kind of a role but with a prominent peach poking through. The spices play a more focused role here as well, with cinnamon and something that smells a little like clove creeping into the mix. It never turns full gourmand, but it does seem savory and edible at moments. Ultimately, it’s a great chypre with a warm, comfortable edge to it despite its brisk opening.
This was my first Guerlain purchase, when after reading much about the brand's history and creations, I rocked up at my local department store, determined that I had to find one to suit me. The sales girl told me that I was definitely a Shalimar girl, then sprayed me with it, and Mitsouko, and left me to think about it. Half an hour later, I was back, hooked on the latter, whatever anyone said.
For me, it was not so much the fruity peach-skin note that did it, instead I was taken by the combination of oakmoss and spices (I sniffed cinnamon in particular), which reminded me of Christmas, perhaps in a wintry, foresty setting. It has a richness and warmth that speaks of drama and history, of people with stories to tell doing interesting things. But it is not just a plush, expensive perfume - the oakmoss, for me, sets it apart and makes it that little bit different.
I have to admit, though, it is exclusively a cool-weather fragrance, and works particularly well on grey overcast days.
Okay I've taken the plunge. The citrus is pretty obvious and so is the rose (which is similar to the rose on Habit Rouge EDT but stronger). Pretty quickly the middle notes approach with a nice blending of all those notes. The peach gives the floral a slight gourmand reaction. I found it to be pretty quiet in the first couple of minutes but now it keeps drumming on in a good clip with three sprays on my wrist. The florals give it a slightly "fresh bread" smell and the peach/oakmoss combination seems like the core of the scent. It all blends very well. I don't see this particularly being too feminine and I would recommend it to those who like, gourmands, rose scents, citrus and oakmoss. I think this could be suitable anytime of year but personally there is something cosy about it in regards to the spices and would be even better in the winter. The spices really move the scent forward. It doesn't scream of headache inducing florals but stays close to the skin and is very tasteful. It may seem stronger if you sit in one place collecting wafts of the scent. The true beauty appears in the drydown where the spices meet the woods. 
"I've lost too many to be happy..."

What is the scent of melancholy? This bizarre child of some post-war Europe is staring at you with its beautiful slanted eyes and smiles wistfully. Noone is certain how it was baptized with that delicate and mellifluous name anymore. A name that steps in two different worlds. The one of mystery and the one of the morning light. A name that involves a British officer, a Japanese Fleet Admiral, a heart split in twain, a French writer and member of Académie française, an Austrian diplomat, the daughter of a Tokyo antique seller tycoon, and a small part of the world called Hellas... The journey begins...
In 1909, Claude Farrère wrote a novel under the title "La Bataille". It was about the forbidden love between the wife of Heihachiro Togo or Marquess Yorisaka and the naval liaison Commander Herbert Fergan. When both of them headed for the Battle of Tsushima she promised that she would spent the rest of her life with whoever would come back alive. Noone did... Love and duty were drown in the Korea Strait, leaving her a lonesome widow. Her name was Mitsouko...
On May 16th in 1892, Heinrich von Coudenhove-Kalergi, descendant of a Byzantine family, married the tiny daughter of Aoyama family despite both families' opposition to that act. A few years later they moved to Europe. She never saw her country again... The had seven children. One of them, Richard Nikolaus Graf von Coudenhove-Kalergi, was one of the pioneers in the idea of a United Europe. This remarkable woman managed to learn French, German, Geography, History, Law and Economics in order to stand her ground in her new country. Her name was Mitsuko...
According to the fascinating stories which are many times woven about the christening of a fragrange, one of these two women gave her name to the myth. A name which, in its language of origin, means "Child of Light" and not "Mystery" as Jacques Guerlain would like us to believe. As for the "o" that turned it into "Mitsouko", it is simply the French pronunciation of the Japanese phoneme. But alas, although the name points to something cheerful, the perfume itself is one of the most melancholic scents I have ever sensed... Aloof, like the locked heart of a maiden who waits her dearest to return from a lengthy, perilous trip to some far-flung corner of the Earth... Want-clad, like the sad remains of a forlorn love, lost in the paths of time... A scent of unfulfilled promises and enslaved desires... There is an old Cretan folk song that says:

Everyone asks me "Why crying?".
But who do I annoy?
I came unwanted in this world
to make your hearts my toy...

I thik that it fits perfectly... Mitsouko is not the loud expression of a grief asking to be the centre of attention. It is the wise and silent agony for a world long gone. A certain story has it that L'Heure Bleue marked the beginning of World War One and Mitsouko its end. Like the symbols of a parenthesis that the world was hoping never to endure again. Mitsouko, despite closing this catastrophic parenthesis, is not an optimistic scent. Maybe because while looking back it saw the towering woes and looking frontwards saw the next war coming...
I do not know if you have ever had a feeling like this, but Mitsouko makes me yearn of someone I never met... It brings me memories of things I never lived...
I see a woman dressed in a mofuku kimono. Every dawn she walks with light steps to the wooden balcony of her house in Shirahama. There, she stands wreathed in morning dew and gazes the vast ocean...
I see Sergei Diaghilev, founder of the renowned Ballets Russes, to remind the stage workers not to forget to douse the tabs in Mitsouko, for the scent to fill the sybaritic hall of Theatre de Champs Elysees, every time the coryphées enter the stage...
I see the luminous Art Deco main hall of the "Normandie" where the passengers are swirling blithely to the tunes of the orchestra, while the magnificent ship floats her way on the frigid Atlantic...
I see Charlie Chaplin sitting ostracized and brooding in the lounge of Manoir de Ban, over Lake Geneva, staring without seeing at the bleak sky. Ostracized from a country which, a few years ago, worshipped him. And brooding... He who made everyone laugh... Everything around him reeks with Mitsouko, his favourite scent...
I see the audience in a live club located in Aix en Provence in the late 80's, pulsing with the sounds of a strange mixture of punk, rock, synth pop and jazz which the band on stage hands out generously. The name of the band is Les Rita Mitsouko...
And finally, I see a penniless painter in a musty attic in Paris during the Années Folles. He stands mesmerized by the window, trying to descry in the crowd his model who has just left. The lingering scent of Mitsouko caresses fondly the unfinished painting. The very same painting to which he confesses his love every night. The love he feels for her but never dared to speak out loud. Mitsouko solaces him and promises that it shall be with him as a reminder of her, untill the next time they meet...
I humbly apologize and ask for your understanding if this review is way too lengthy and borderline "delirium" but how many words are enough to describe a mythos?...
Genre: Chypre

How, in the course of reviewing close to 800 fragrances, have I managed not to write about  Mitsouko? To answer with a question, what more could I say about it that hasn’t been said already? Nobody needs to read more analysis of its structure, more rapturous praise, more speculation on gender-appropriateness, or more nit-picking over the various concentrations (I like the parfum) and reformulations (the latest is brighter, thinner, and more obviously fruity, but still recognizable). Mitsouko is a monument in the history of perfumery. You may or may not like it, but if you care about fragrance you should wear it at leas once.

I was a fun, no it is not correct: I was in love with Heritage, de Gueralin, amd indeed the parfum version was my signature. Nowdays, it seems that the eau de toilette has been reformulated, loosing its body, while eau de parfum, is missing.
Since I am in love with Guerlain house, for imstamce eau du coq, eau de guerlain, etc. I come to test Mitsouko.
Here you go: I am a man, amd now Mitsouko, the eau de parfum, is my new signature.
A fantistc chypree, light but present, as intermal flame that show you the way.
I do not care of marketing, to me fragrances are comimg without sex.
This is a masterpice of perfumery.
The utilization of peach in combination with mossy undertones is simply genial!
Mitsouko is by far the most fascinating, and at times frustrating, perfume in my collection. I have a complicated relationship with her. How I feel about Mitsouko depends very much on what she decides to show of herself to me on any given day. Some days, she is cold and reserved, and whatever glimpse of peaches I get is more like a pan of hard, unripe fruit being simmered in formaldehyde in a far off room than the ripe, juicy fruit of which others speak. Oh but when she decides to relent! There is nothing better than Mitsouko when she is in a good mood. Slowly, she will drop her standoffish reserve and part her musty curtains to reveal a bed of spiced peaches on a dark, mossy bed – this Mitsouko is playful and mysterious.

I am working on a theory that you can break Mitsouko a little, or at least try to bend her to your will by placing her in situations where she is forced to come out of her shell. I discovered this when I spritzed it on one day in Spring this year before going for a long, six hour walk through the city with my husband, young son, baby daughter and my mum. By the end of the day, Mitsouko had taken on this salty, outdoorsy, herbal aspect that merged with the faint sweat on my skin. It was if both Mitsouko and I had finally learned to stop pacing edgily around each other and just chill out a bit.

Part of my frustration is her unpredictability. I can never know which one of her Janus faces she will show me on any given day. I own Mitsouko in many different concentrations and vintages: the 2013 EDP, a 1970’s EDT, a 1960’s EDT (onion bottle), the modern pure perfume, and lastly, a 1970’s spray deodorant. Each one of them smells, and behaves, slightly different on my skin, and none of them are consistent in what they reveal to me of their character. For example, today, to write this , I sprayed the 1970’s EDT – a version with real oakmoss listed on the back of the bottle – on the back of one arm. It is usually the friendliest version of them all, for me. But today, its opening was rather severe and unforgiving.

Two hours in, however, and I get a surprise! For the first time in my relationship with Mitsouko, she is giving me a glimpse of her spiced floral mid-section, the rose, ylang, and jasmine that when combined with the peach and moss, manage to smell like freshly proved bread dough. It’s delicious. I am not sure how long this little détente will last, so I am holding my breath, hoping not to alert her to my presence. If it is not clear by now, then I will say it openly: Mitsouko is not a perfume you own. She owns you. As for me, she’s grabbed me by the short and curlies, if not my heart strings, and doesn’t seem like she’s letting go anytime soon.
Queen of Chypres

There isn't much more to add to what has been said. We know it's significance. It has it's place in history of perfume, it's been called the best of all time etc...

It's Oakmoss and Peach and rose and many other things, it's like a secluded garden in a forest full of flowers, with the smell of rain still in the air. Jacques Guerlain wanted to evoke with this "the smell of a woman's skin". I understand what he was trying to do.

I also don't see how anyone would not like this. It's floral, fruity, but so deep and earthly and rich and very hard to describe. I find it very unique. A wonderful mossy, beautiful fragrance, and a wonderful experience to smell. I really think everyone should try this. I don't think "old lady" or other labels. It really doesn't smell like much else and it was the inspiration (like Jicky and Shalimar), for not just many other classics, but also much of what we have today in the world of perfume.

I think this should be preserved forever as something really special. It has no gender, time or place. It should stand as something for all and everyone, and for all time. Real art in a bottle. Wonderful stuff!
Splendid, invigorating, evocative, balsamic, flower, baroque.. a celestial symphony. One of the best fragrances ever made – easily in the top three at least. And speaking as a man, one of the fragrances I enjoy wearing the most. As far as I know, it's also one of the few scents that have not been "mutilated" with bad reformulations... the EDP is still pretty good.

10/10 
I purchased Mitsouko EDP recently, and have tried wearing it just twice.  Although I do not dislike this fragrance I could not understand the raves I've read about it.  It is a little too sweet for me. 

Today I tried a sample of vintage Mitsouko pure parfum.  What a difference.  I love it.  It is so much smoother it's like drinking a great champagne vs. a cheap one.  I know that's not a great analogy, but is the best I can do right now.  I only wish this could be made by the vintage formula, of course I've wished that for Joy also ( and a few others, LOL).
before i tried vintage PDT i could not appreciate this scent enough,

for me this is beautiful galbanum note, spicy, strong , vibrant....an amazing experience yes ,i love how Bal a Versailes put it. Oak moss is not that green here, but gives feel of something aromatic and natural behind, that takes breath away!

when i smell it from the distance i get old lady vibe , when i put my nose closer to the skin its soo gorgeous, one has to get used to it, becasue modern perfumes just lost it, from that old lady vibe i think there must be some animalic notes too

EDT version is much sharper, in a masculin kind of way, the differenc is huge to my nose, its more mossy, less spicy, and less beauty for me


The most beautiful smell in the world. I know they  say do not mix your fragrances but I wear this with vintage rochas femme, the two together smell sublime, try it you wont be disappointed.
The beauty of this fragrance is obvious in many parts: after the bright and fruity citrus-neroli opening arises the balanced flowery jasmine and rose, counterbalanced by the bergamot, and all enveloped in a creamy of lilac, jasmine and ylang-ylang note that bears the hallmark of a classic.  The clove is providing a slightly spicy counterbalance and is accompanied by a gently powdery element. 

The base contributes a cluster of cistus, touches of ambergris, lots of benzoin and some musky aroma in the background.  

A soft and gentle patchouli is given added with by a restrained oakmoss with hints of black peppers.   Herbal-wooodsy vibes appear towards the end, with myrrh and some sandalwood standing out here.  

Recalling an older formulation, however, a lot of the richness and luxuriant intensity has gone; it has become leaner, more "modern" and a bit duller. Whilst the Louis Vuitton version veers towards the neutral overall, the total score over the years remains a thumbs-up for this classic. Projection is average, but even the new version lasts five hours on me.  Great for spring evenings.  3.5/5. 

this is only for the  sexy and kinky type of guys, you wanna be dusky and sexy? this is for you obscure lovers out therer!
MItsouko is not a fragrance but an experience. This is mine. Take an eight week old baby from it's crib at 4 pm. It's bathtime. Droplets of breast milk have run down into the creases of his neck where they smell interesting but not offensive. The soft scent of cotton wafts up from baby's skin and there is just the faintest trace of fudgy excrement on his bottom, mixed with the protective barrier cream, Amolin, I think, slightly almond. the kernel of the peach.  His wispy hair smells divine and he burps a tiny hiccup of gripe water and you recognise the dill and fennel. In spite of the active biology of his skin you desperately love and desire what is so unique and you know that in minutes he will smell of sudsy baby soap and talcum powder. 
Mitsouko in repose, after the initial burst has gone, smells of love, breath, breast, sleep, innocence and desire, milk, cotton, fennel, almond and urea. 
This review is for the modern extrait;

The opening is very retro in feel, with an underlying creaminess that quickly becomes more prominent, & sweeter, almost cloying. After an hour though, it is softer & mossier. And although l don't really get the peach note, l do get the "fuzzy peach skin" vibe others have mentioned. Three hours in, l get salty oakmoss along with an ambery sweetness, & the whole thing is still traceable after seven hours on my skin.
l didn't expect to love Mitsouko, although of course l respect her classic pedigree. l can imagine growing to like her a lot after a few more wearings though, especially having read that she tends to show different facets of her character at different times. She isn't bitter & green on my skin as l have found other chypres to be, but l think it's the addition of galbanum that usually causes this. Mitsouko is prettier & much less "dark & mysterious" than l expected, in fact she is surprisingly easy to wear, & makes me feel very put-together, grown-up & in control.
My favorite of all time, owning 3 bottles.

A must try for every Perfumista.

This is simply became an Icon in the perfumes world.

This is probably the only bergamot scent i encountered which

in the opening you are not hit with bergamot ( contrary to aqua di parma)

which surprised me, in other words, perfectly blended
I still have a lot to learn about chypres, so it made perfect sense to try one of the world's most famous chypres, Mitsouko.

'Perfumes: The Guide' uses Mitsouko as their chypre reference, hailing it as one of Guerlain's best masterpieces. I'm young, not really a big fan of chypres, however I do agree wholeheartedly on that definition.

Mitsouko is warm, slighty spicy, mossy, citrusy and dry. This fragrance tends to be so complex that it is difficult to pinpoint any particular note at any given time.

While this fragrance may be classic and extremely well-known, there is a sense of timelessness in this fragrance. It doesn't age as it makes an easy transition into a new century.

The classic Guerlain's continue to amaze me. Mitsouko is just as worthy of praise as those very distinguished Shalimar and L'Heure Bleue bottles. It is a pity that Guerlain now produces fragrances that don't live up to its renowned name.

While mostly green, crisp and earthy to my nose, (a scent that I'd also recommend to men), I feel a sense of velvety softness, something that settles on my skin like a harmony of silky florals and creamy goodness. This contradictory experience both confuses me and allures me at the same time.

Perhaps the reason why this fragrance is such a masterpiece is because it can evoke so many different feelings and opinions. Mitsouko is not something I can imagine myself wearing, however it is something that I could have the desire to smell every few seconds if I had the opportunity.
Mitsouko’s most charming quality is that it suggests an aging face.  Remember back in the day when people aged visibly?  Qualities like patience, endurance, maybe even wisdom suggested that there was a reward to having come out on the other side of youth and middle-age.  Of having gained something.  There is something deserving, and in the best cases, generous to be found in an old face.  Something implicitly handsome and attractive.  

Perhaps for worse, but, with hope, for the better, I’m aging.  Mitsouko suits me more as time passes.  I imagine there’s the lucky young person who can wear Mitsouko with aplomb, but I like to hope that wearing Mitsouko with that powerful grace of age is one of the better things in life that awaits me.

from scenthurdle.com
My favourite Guerlain scent. Reading these reviews reminds me I should replenish my wardrobe and buy more
The first time I smelt Mitsouko I was so excited.  I'd read Luca Turin going on about it and was expecting some sort of divine revelation.

I went into a department store and smelt some on a smelling strip.  My first reaction was - Wax Crayons?

However, I'd been told that you needed to try this on your skin and keep going back to it (I've also learnt that the first time I smell something complex my brain defaults to a smell it already knows).

So I kept on trying but it still wasn't opening up for me.  Then on the seventh(!) try, I'd sprayed it on and had gone into another shop (I still remember it vividly).  Suddenly it opened up around me.  It felt like I was at the centre of a 3D scent mandala whose constituents were constantly shifting and revolving around me.  I was totally lost in the enchantment of it.

Ah Mitsouko, what are you?  Hyper-synthetic peach layered with  rich florals, or bright citrus with deep dank moss?   Sometimes you feel like a misty morning, others like a bright clean summer's day,  or musty dark green undergrowth in the rain, or a candy violet treat, or.........    Whatever you are smelling like though you really hit the sweet spot in my brain and smell just darn GOOD!

Mitsouko's genius, I believe, lies (like the language of Shakespeare) in indeterminacy.  By remaining complex and open, generations of people are able to project their own interpretations into its structure.  True Art.

It wasn't quite divine but I definitely got my revelation! 
  I've actually changed my mind about this fragrance. The first time I wore it I thought I didn't like it, probably because it comes on very strong when I first apply it. However, I gave it another chance today and I actually like it a lot more! I think how I feel about a fragrance can vary a lot depending on my mood. Also, Mitsouko is very different from most modern fragrances so I think I just wasn't prepared for the way it smells. Today, I've been wearing it for a few hours and I find I really enjoy the way Mitsouko smells when it dries down. When I first apply it I mostly smell the dry woody and green notes a lot, but dried down it smells like exotic spices on me and I find that I want to keep smelling it! I don't think it's a fragrance I could wear every day but it's definitely a really nice sexy evening scent! I actually do recommend this one to everyone who likes chypre and spicy exotic fragrances. 

What to say about Mitsouko? Her reputation proceeds her. Even the name is mysterious. I blind bought this after reading many many intriguing reviews and anecdotes...I knew my collection wouldn't be complete without it. But, I was relieved and surprised to find that I also am able to wear Mitsouko. The overall feeling is classic, if old-fashioned, and well rounded , with a spicy cinnamon note in the base, middle notes including a familair jasmine/rose accord, as well as that well-blended peach note. I can't help but continue to to analyze this fragrance when I wear it. I love this fragrance for taking me on a trip back from 1919 up until today. If you have any interest in chypres, you must sample this one. But forewarned is forearmed, this bears little resemblance to most modern fragrances so if you get freaked out by the idea of "an old lady scent" do not blind-buy. Sample and enjoy!
Mitsouko has become my perfume in a way that no other perfume has before.   I adore it.   This is the one which fetches the most compliments too.   It works as an everyday perfume for me in the climate of The Netherlands.

I use the EDP.  Mitsouko is the only perfume in my collection that I desire to have in the perfume formulation and I can hardly wait to find a bottle.

I can only imagine what a masterpiece the original formulation must have been.   


Ah, Mitsouko, nothing really compares with it.  My mother was a Guerlain devotee.  Her favorite scents were Vol de Nuit and L'Heure Bleue.  I love them too.  But these were my mother's perfumes. I wanted my own signature scent.  When I took my first sniff of Mitsouko, it was true love.  Yes, it may be a tad old fashioned compared to more modern fresh and transparent scents - but that is probably one of my favorite things about Mitsouko.  It has a depth that feels mysterious( and actually "mitsouko" means mystery in japanese). Mitsouko is a truly beautiful classic fragrance and if you haven't tried it please do. It's a must for every perfumista!
Vintage Eau de Cologne

Mitsouko opens with a blast of peach, bergamot, rose, and spices with a weird lettuce-esque smell underneath it all.  Once it settles down after a few seconds, a fuzzy peach, some peppery spicy notes, and a faint hint of indolic jasmine over a woody oakmoss base are what I smell.  After about half an hour, the peach fades away gradually and the spices, woods, indolic notes, and oakmoss remain, slowly but surely.  It has a very full, "plush" feel to it.  This stage lasts for hours, a surprise for an Eau de Cologne.  It is also at this point that I am somewhat reminded of Patou Pour Homme (also in the opening with the peppery notes), but quite faintly.

Mitsouko is a fragrant masterpiece, and now in my top 5.  It truly is beyond gender, and just smells freakin' delish.  It's not the kind of fragrance you would have to adapt to - it will adapt to you, and you can make it YOUR fragrance.  Beyond gender, beyond season, beyond age, beyond time, and beyond great.
The first time I tried this, I didn't like it, thought it too old smelling and quite harsh on the nose. I tried it again a few weeks ago and have completely changed my mind. In a time when little girly pink bottles and scents seem to dominate, this is refreshingly enduring and not nauseatingly pink and flowery. I wore it to a cousin's wedding last weekend and was impressed at it's ability to take a subltle backstage to my outfit while remaining original and totally in a league of its own with regard to its almost mystical scent. Mitsouko to me smells timeless, speaks of seductive nights in a time and city long ago with strangers, of black lace, darkly painted fingernails and illicit liasons. Haunting and enduring, mmm...
(Review Edp 2010)


I was prepared to smell something unique, or feel something that I've never felt before, because everybody talks about Mitsouko and It's Magic.

When I first opened the bottle and took a sniff, I had a rare experience when this reminds me in a big way of Rochas 'Femme'. I know Mitsouko and Femme are in the same group of Chipre Fruity Fragrance, but i feel a little disappointed, because I didn't expect both scents were so closely related.

But there's a difference, because Femme smell more like Woody and leathery, and Mitsouko is much less aggressive, and there is certainly a strong presence of jazmin and Rose notes, accompanied by spices. So I feel Mitsouko is more easy to wear than Femme.

When this fragrance slowly start to fade (after 8 hours), i smelt another surprise, my nose Began to detect some similarities between Mitsouko and Miss Dior (vintage)(another Chypre Legend). So I came to the conclusion that Mitsouko should be considered as one of the most imitated perfume of its generation.


Anyway this fragrance is Still the Best Chypre in the world. It has great sillage, strength, and longevity
Mitsouko is one of those rare icons of fragrance that has stood the test of time and represents the art of fragrance at its best. I have never been as moved by a fragrance as by Mitsouko, which is, and ever shall be my signature fragrance. Equally wearable by men and women, it was the favorite fragrance of Ingrid Bergman and Charlie Chaplin as well as many others. I leave the description of the fragrance notes to those who done such a fine job here on Basenotes and highly recommend that you experience this marvelous fragrance. Two thumbs up for one of the greatest fragrances ever conceived by man. 
Some perfumes make me smile, but I happily move on to something else the next day on my quest for another masterpiece. Then there are those that become an important part of my life. I have a lasting relationship with Mitsouko, still I'm not really sure what it smells like. Sometimes it's a delicate veil of almond and pepper, sometimes it's a dark wood of a mysterious temple, and sometimes it's what I think molten gold should smell like. 

For me Mitsouko has so many faces, and I know I haven't discovered all of them yet. As soon as I think I have it pinned down, something catches me off guard and I discover a new perfume. Mitsouko got me interested in women's perfumery. One day while absentmindedly browsing a Guerlain counter I happened to pick up a bottle, and the exquisitely delicate balance of contrasting notes did something to me. I've been hunting for another Misouko ever since, and while I have since found quite a few perfumes that I couldn't live without, Mitsouko has a unique place in the perfume firmament.

I first became intrigued by this scent while reading The Collector by John Fowles (psychologically fascinating read, by the way). Inspiring more than one real-life psychopath, the book is about a disturbed young man who abducts a beautiful art student and holds her captive in the cellar of his remote estate. The captive-protagonist is vibrant, idealistic, compassionate, philosophical, dignified, and forcefully determined to live. She embodies a thrilling fullness of youth and passion and joie de vivre. She is the perfect foil to her emotionally dead, clinical, and hollow captor who lacks the ability to appreciate any of her remarkable qualities beyond just her physical beauty.  In one pivotal scene, she has steeled herself to seduce her captor, her desperate will to live finally usurping her principles. She is certain she can melt his cold, detached soullessness by giving of herself; by showing him human tenderness and vulnerability she believes might inspire him to show mercy.  Intent on her aim, she emerges resolute from a long, near-ceremonial bath wafting “oceans of Mitsouko.”

I found this scene haunting, weighty, chilling.  From this time I have associated Mitsouko with solemn resolve, beauty with the strength and fragility of spider’s silk, uncertainty as deep and vast as the ocean. A fragrance associated with human spirit that has been pushed beyond its limits and has emerged from the other side stronger, more powerful, and with the realization of possessing a kind of freedom that cannot be taken by another. That simple description “oceans of Mitsouko” has stuck in my mind; I longed to experience it, and yet, for some reason this curiosity was shelved and forgotten. Now many years later I have finally tried Mitsouko for myself and it brings all these impressions and associations flooding back to me upon first sniff. Incredibly, this smells exactly as I would imagine it on the beautiful young captive in her damp, earthen cellar on a dark, isolated night, prepared to take on and defeat the worst of human nature with the best of human nature – compassion and forgiveness.  Lovely, melancholy, beguiling, intoxicating, austere and yet warm, a touch sad, but also wise and knowing. Poignant. I do not think it was happenstance that Fowles chose to incorporate this fragrance as a sensuous detail into his eerie tale.

I have a teeny-tiny decant of vintage extrait; I suspect it has degraded a bit with time because on my skin the top-notes seem nonexistent. It cuts straight to a heart of overripe peach nestled in a mossy heart with just a hint of spice, mainly clove. I find this stays very close to my skin and almost melds seamlessly into my own chemistry. The voluptuous softness of the peach perfectly rounds out the sharper edges of the moss. I find it addictive, achingly beautiful, and unlike anything else I have experienced. Beside Mitsouko, all of my other favorite chypres (especially those by Bernard Chant) seem like they’re . . . missing . . . something. That round, soft sweetness reigning in the deeply hypnotic and expansive mossiness is utterly unique to Mitsouko (as far as I have yet to come across, anyway).  Since sampling this, I simply don’t feel like wearing any of my other fragrances. I’m sure this will change with time, but right now I am under Mitsouko’s spell. I am awaiting a mail-order of the modern EDP and can only hope it will not disappoint me. I am hoarding this small decant of vintage, indescribably saddened by the knowledge that I might not be able to replace it; that eventually, this scent will cease to exist.

I don’t understand the reviewers who claim they don’t “get” Mitsouko. I guess I don’t see what there is to “get” – it is beautiful. End stop. I don’t get bread, dough, pickles, rancid nuts or cooking oil from this. It isn’t a fickle scent on my skin – she has been consistently lovely. Maybe I will understand when I try the newer formulation.  Maybe I just got lucky with my chemistry.  I find it timeless, quite more so even than sister-scent Shalimar. I have a wardrobe of fragrances others might consider “old lady” and though I enjoy them and appreciate them, I can understand where the “old lady” critique might apply. I don’t feel this way about Mitsouko. I am suddenly all but intolerant of the “modern” fragrances in my collection – they don’t speak to me the way Mitsouko does. They never have. I am also a little saddened to think this may be my one and only olfactory experience of this magnitude, no other fragrance has yet passed my radar that has carried with it such anticipation, such expectations, and so much weighty context. I will enjoy the search, however!

An almost putrid jungle note of greenery in the parfum/extrait can be a little overpowering at the open, but this mellows down to a most unusual peach note that goes on for quite long.Woodsy, damp notes prevail in the drydown that serve to unify the wearer (me) and Mitsy in a bond of love.Awesome! And my 2nd favourite scent of 2010.
An epic tale in minimalistic detail with clean sinuous lines reminiscent of Artnouveau made from an Occidental point of view of an Shinto temples of the island of Japan and an austere elegance.the note of Oakmoss predominates much of this scent drying in the sun with a gentil breeze dries to a suble orange note and with sweet peach that is not cloy to your senses. next Delicate white roses blooms in a simplistic Garden pathway where a Geishawith her modest aura plucks an rose andsmells it gentily when the night falls the scent of night jasmine roams the nocturnal sky and the nuances of Gingerspices and cinnamon make this complete.every fragrance tells a story or conjoures feelings or imagesFor me Mitsouko conjoures feeling of wistfulness and melancholia like star-crossed lovers from two different worldsala Sayonara with Marlon Brando a romance between an american air force Major and an Japanese entertainer forbidden by both sides with tragic results Madame Butterfly with an american admiral and his Japanese Paramour or an small shrine silhouettedin the center of an island on the Rising sun dedicated to Amaterasu Goddess of the sun and the smoke of sandalwood incense dances to the heavens.Mitsouko can be spiritual wistful calmsimple distant aristocratic distant andMelancholy.
I actually CAN wear this every day.And my tastes generally go from cheap to VERY cheap.It is indeed symphonicmoodyrefined but not snobbishI will buy the extraitand it is definitely edging out tabuand avon "tomorrow"It doesn't just have the go-to*plushness*of a luxury fragranceshe has a story to tellshe is a woman who canand hasbeen worn by a manand will againnot in the wink winksensemore likesighsighrambledrink ginsighwrite *good* poemsglimmerat whoeveragainthis lady lives to tell
I know what LT meant when he said that by naming Mitsouko as the one he would take with him if he had to flee to Mars for tax reasons he was rrunning the risk of being thought a bit obvious. After all it's so well known as one of the Greats, a classic that is still there in the top 10 ever despite the arrival (and departure) of several thousand perfumes that would have liked to claim its crown. Therefore when anyone like me, who is never going to be described as particularly knowledgeable about scents, says that it is a staple that she could not live without, she runs the immediate risk of being suspected of an inability to think for herself.There's no law that says that the whole world should love a perfume, even if it's regarded by many as a masterpiece but sometimes the majority are right. When this happens you're not necessarily just following the herd OK, maybe some are, but I have been fighting the bewitchment of Mitsouko for years and have had to admit that it's got to me - it is a great fragrance and I love it.
Fantastic. When the purse allows it, this will be my first 'female' fragrance. Also, for me this is a rare scent that pulls off that powdered touch fragrances of the era seem to have in common.
For years, this fragrance was my all-time favorite, and I endlessly compared formulations and concentrations, and fretted about not being able to find vintage stock anymore. And you know? Recently I've found it to be a bit odd, austere, and melancholy, as if I'm smelling a dark undercurrent and some nuances that I couldn't perceive before. Or that didn't bother me before. I'd never question Mitsouko's greatness and singular beauty, I only find that I've reached an age where I don't want as much drama and history in my scent. When I was young, all I wanted was drama and history, yet life has offered me enough of all that on its own now, and I find that I'm drawn to the more straightforward, joyful sweetness of L'Instant! Call it a de-evolution, and a travesty to prefer a newer Guerlain, yet there it is - I choose sweetness and light.
When I first tried this, in EDT from a smelling strip, I was intrigued in part and disappointed in part; I wanted to like it but like gin at five (only the smell!) and Guinness at twenty one it was a struggle...And then something clicked as it much earlier did with gin and then Guinness.And when I smell it now, in EDP, I am every time astonished by its remarkable radiance; it shares a certain undefinable lustrous glow with high carat gold that is truly beautiful and truly irresistable.Putting a man on the moon? Pah! Gold, Guinness, gin and Mitsouko are the truly great human achievements.
It has all been said before (talking about the original version), one of the greatest fragrances ever made.   Shalimar, L'Heure Bleu and Mitsouko are, in my opinion, the three greatest fragrances ever made ( again, not what is being sold at the moment) .   Mitsouko, is subtle and divine; a perfectly blended Chypre 
Millions of peaches, peaches for me...I'm normally not fond of peach but I want to eat this fragrance. Mitsouko is ripe, sliced peaches atop a plate of lush, dank greenery. This might be the current, dictionary-picture definition of 'chypre.' Gender be damned, this smells good on me!
Luca and Tania I now know what you mean!  Mitsouko definitely smells so divine!  If Hermes could market their Un Jardin collections as Unisex, this one could easily pass for both sexes.  You will definitely enjoy every note (top, heart, base) of this elegance in a bottle.  I bought this one without testing it, only from the great testaments that I have read.  Needless to explain why this perfume still exist up to now after almost a century from its creation, you have to try for yourseld and you will know why.  Forget about the "old lady" feeling of this creation.  People who say this are those who only know the "common" perfumes marketed for the masses.   If it smells good on you, wear it!  If people don't like it and you like it, wear it!  It's about time to teach new generation the real art of perfumery.  
How does one possibly review what is clearly among the greatest works of perfumery every created?  You don't.  I need not heap praise on the chypre that defined the genre more then Chypre de Coty ever did.Instead, let me briefly plug the vintage Eau de Cologne formula of Mitsouko.  These EdCs are often overlooked.  Instead of just being watered down versions of the EdT, these EdC formulas are unique compositions.  The compositions themselves are lighter and less dense, but that doesn't mean the sillage and longevity are any lighter or reduced.  I recently acquired Mitsy in EdC and it may be my favorite formula.  Unlike other formulas the bergamot component of the chypre formula is very distinct and mixed well with the peachy top/mid notes, making a bright and sunny citrus/fruity opening.  The bright citrus/fruit opening moves over the next half hour to the classic mossy/woody base.  As it moves to the base quickly, one can experience the 'chypre base' for a long time, a real treat for us chypre fans who are used to just getting a hint of oakmoss as our perfumes fade off the skin.I would never tell anyone to turn down a bottle of vintage Mitsy parfum - never.  But if you get a chance to pick up a Mitsy in EdC, definitely treat yourself.Thumbs UP.
This is the most beautiful of all of the Guerlain scents for women.  Exquisite!  Whenever my wife wears this (usually for special occasions) I am actually intoxicated from it.  To me it is a real turn on but the wearer needs to be a very sophisticated, fashionable, and classy woman in order to wear Mitsouko correctly and get the full benefits of this timeless fragrance. 
More and more I appreciate the perfume house of Guerlain… after its Vetiver I started to experiment with Mitsouko. What’s there to experiment you will ask me! Well as written above, it is not an easy one to pull off. This is a powerhouse of a fragrance that lingers and lingers for hours… to the point that you can’t, simply can’t, forget you have it on! It is strong and all the other wonderful things written about it by other basenoters, but still this is quite remarkable of a fragrance to wear nowadays. I feel strange to wear it. I am almost always conscious how others may or may not perceive it on me. I am not the kind of person who cares too much of what others think of me (although we certainly don’t live in a vacuum); however, Mitsouko makes me so much aware of its presence around me that I keep on wondering what would I think of someone smelling like this! And it is me who I try to figure out! I am sorry if I sound too psychoanalytic but I put on Mitsouko this afternoon at 12.30 and at 20:00 I can still feel it quite clearly. Yes this is a historic fragrance, yes it smells olfactory to say the least, yes it is remarkable in its silage … but yes it needs maybe an updated version to be a bit more wearable in daytime at least, in our day and age. And for perfume’s sake keep the original going, but give us also a subtler version.  I haven’t tried the Lotus version and I am really curious about it. Maybe it is the answer. Indeed Mitsouko is extraordinary, powdery and warm; however, on my skin and for my taste it is too sweet.
MITSOUKO is an enigma to me. Though it smells green and mossy for the most part, I can't deny the existence of sweetness and spice, with a depth and complexity that are beyond compare. I believe it is this inherent maze of subtleties that bestows Mitsouko with a mythical chameleon-like ability to transform its character and compliment any skin partner. On a man, Mitsouko smells confidently masculine and cerebral; on a woman, it weaves a little web of intrigue, portraying itself as a mysterious, seductive beauty. Few are immune to its legendary charms.The EDT version I have dates from 1973 so I doubt if it's a reformulation, yet it feels light and translucent for a chypre. But when you consider Mitsouko began life as an extrait, you'd be a little more forgiving. On a more positive note, I find this translucence allows for greater variation in wearing styles with a more liberal application bringing Mitsouko's enchantment to its magical best.  *** This review is of the EDT ***   
My first reaction to Mitsouko was "weird", but definitely a GOOD weird. I wanted to get to know it better and bought a bottle of the edt. If you like resinous, chypre scents (or even if you don't) you have to give this one a try at least a couple of times. I was worried that it would be too spicy but luckily I can detect just a little in the background mix. Don't expect a modern day fruity peach note though, this is more of a smooth, "fuzzy" peach which sweetens the resins perfectly. I did not find it remotely musty or old lady-ish - thank goodness! - which I got from L'HB. To me it is timeless and quite addictive. Mitsouko edp is currenly my default perfume - the one I turn to when I don't know what to wear - and it never dissappoints. If you find the edp overwhelming but interesting at first sniff, start with the edt and take your time. It will be well worth it. 

This is a hit with the ladies in Kochi, India.

Up there with Boss Bottled as a head turner.
I grew up with my dad wearing Eternity throughout my entire childhood. My mom was highly irritated by most frags however eternity she loved. To this day I always have a bottle on hand. Nobody will ever say eww you smell awful nor will the women be crawling all over you. Eternity is very pleasent and fresh and great for the office or occasions such. I no longer wear it as much however when i do i still get the "oh you smell nice" from someone.
It's going to be hard for me to try and review this objectively, as I wore this stuff as a young teenager and smelling it gives me automatic flashbacks to that time, and as is usual during times of reminiscence, the memories are good.

I first bought this on a cruise ship that was headed to Bermuda when I was thirteen.  We were at sea, and looking for things to do, I must have wandered into the clothing shop, and I ended up buying a bottle.    This was the first "fragrance" that I really liked and owned.  As I got older, I wrote it off as popular dreck -- as people in their twenties and thirties are wont to do when they feel that they have come to know everything -- as I believed that I was above all of that stuff that the uneducated commoners would wear (I was basically believing in the type of pseudo-elitism that Creed and some other niche houses have made a mint on propagating).  Now that I'm more mature and have my head screwed on a bit tighter than before, I can appreciate this for what it is and what impact it had.

This is a calone bomb with other supporting actors.  A sandalwood base holds it down while lavender and calone take the main stage, with everything else seeming to be set dressing.  This fragrance is so indicative of the time period, and so long as you can keep that in mind and appreciate what Eternity for Men is, and just as importantly, when it came out, it all makes sense and it succeeds at what it does.  In the '80s you could find guys wearing Bijan for Men (1981), but now that smells like an out of place relic.  One that, if still worn today, is the property of a collector who appreciates the past, or somebody woefully trapped in it.  Eternity is still very accessible, and though it definitely harkens to a different era, it's still enjoyable to wear and it's still something that can be pulled off today without seeming like you've made a quantum leap into the wrong year.

On it's own, it's okay, but in the fragrance world there are some "reference pieces" that everyone should experience, and this is certainly one of them.   Yes, I'm biased to it, but that's the beauty of art; it can transport you to another time and place.

Thumbs up.
The overarching of Eternity is green and botanical for all eternity, or at least until the end. Additional freshness is provided initially by an infusion of an orangey citrus that is quite pleasant. 

Soon a nice lavender arises, and together with a good touch of basil continues the green theme, occasionally with a slightly grassy touch.

The base has a nonspecific woodsy undertone, what seems to have become more generic over the years, and is suspicious of some reformulation over time. There is a slash of a slightly anaemic vetiver evident to brighten up the final stages. 

I get moderate sillage, good projection and five hours of longevity on my skin.  

Overall an agreeable spring scent, which originally was composed of decent-quality ingredients.  Having been a staple of mine for years, I could not fail to note a movement towards becoming blander over time, with the top notes deteriorating the least.  3.5/5 for the original impression, now 3.25/5.  
This fragrance I still like to a degree.In my eyes as cheap as Eternity for Men is now? that's the logical price tag.$70 for this back in the day was offering an 'innovative' scent as one of the original fresh scents in 1989 along with Claiborne for Men.

From Eternity for Men I don't get any basil or sage...but I do vetiver.Very transparent citrus and white soapy lavender fizzed with a slightly aldehydic edge attacking the grassy vetiver and leaving their trail behind as they spread cleanliness throughout.Sandalwood compliments a faint warmth to this which I think without it? could show more edge...but it's a calming touch to Eternity.Something in the mid between the vetiver soapy side and the sandalwood...it's a little fruity sweet and transparent.Comes off grape candy and/or melon sweet...it's 'Calone'.Mixed thoughts about this synthetic note but the exact shaping of it doesn't make me think it suits the fragrance. I'm thinking a little leather would have been the perfect substitute.

A decent fragrance that's now pretty affordable. Good for any kind of wear really because it's inoffensive. It is easy to get bored from though because it's bitter and bright green. It's easy to reach for but also makes you hesitate to reach for something darker and deeper in a men's fragrance. I'll give a thumbs up because I still like it and it is nostalgic.


Calvin Klein nearly has the ubiquity and brand appeal of Coca-Cola in the United States, and it's mostly due to this scent, both in it's previously-released original feminine version and this masculine variant that appeared a few years later. The name "Eternity" has proved apt, particularly for the masculine variety, as it's spawned countless flankers and is one of the most commonly-sniffed-in-public male fragrances around, even nearly 30 years after it's launch. Obsession for Men (1986) might be the romantic standard for the CK masculines, but Eternity is the nine to five workweek staple. Eternity wasn't the first "freshie" as perfume hobbyists like to affectionately call all things in this or it's adjacent categories, but it was the first of it's type with enough mainstream brand power to truly make an impact on the masculine fragrance scene of the late 1980's, setting up what would be a 90's revolution hotly contested on it's merits by collectors and fans of male scent to this day. In short, Eternity was the final push that started the big kill-off of all previous conventions in male-targeted perfumery. Creed's Green Irish Tweet (1985) is probably the first sufficiently-documented example of a fresh fragrance, but it was just too exclusive, too expensive, and too niche (at the time), but was followed up some years later by Davidoff's Cool Water (1988), which smelled as the name sounds and became a huge contrast against a backdrop of all the oakmoss and patchouli-heavy "powerhouses" that choked up offices in the decade. Even Cool Water wasn't indeed "for everyone" as some people just weren't ready for an out-and-out aquatic, nor did Davidoff have the star power behind it that CK wielded. Little did anyone realize what kind of a tidal shift in masculine fragrance paradigms this would cause, and that shift would only just start to fade in favor of yet another set of values after 3 decades. The secret to the success of this scent is unarguably it's resurrection of the time-honored lavender and geranium pairing seen countless times throughout the Victorian age, then again in mid-century drugstore cologne or after shave. These two elements became muddled and downright befuddled after the 1960's started heaping aromatics like spice rack greens, rose, carnation, pine, various woods, and musks, giving rise to the much more macho fougères that segued into the very powerhouses that this scent rendered extinct. Funny how it all comes full circle huh?

Eternity for Men entered the mainstream fragrance-buying market like a wrecking ball, with billboard ads and magazine inserts, commercials and samples galore. It wasn't just an aquatic or fresh scent; the third chapter in Calvin's masculine scent story was married to classic fougère notes, yet didn't contain tonka or oakmoss as was previously considered a prerequisite for the genre. Love it or hate it, Eternity is a clever smell made by an equally clever perfumer who's creations have molded the evolution of the craft, namely Carlos Benaim. Yes, we're talking the same guy who bequeathed us Ralph Lauren's iconic pine and moss blast known as Polo (1978), and also went on to make 4 more Polo flankers including a remake of the original, the also-icon Polo Blue (2002), and has for all intents and purposes remained a house perfumer for Calvin Klein to boot. He knew taking something deep-rooted and familiar, then twisting it with the new and the daring was the only way to ease the transition for people still clinging to their bottles of Kouros (1981). Almost everyone loves the aforementioned lavender, geranium, and other such barbershop staples. Eternity opens much as one might expect from this genre by now: a strong whiff of calone (under the guise of "green botantics") carries subtle orange and lavender notes, keying in a telltale sweet astringency anchored by just a touch of the familiar to keep it from being repugnant, before melting into layers of commonly-used herbs and florals in the middle, then finalizing with the aforementioned sandalwood, vetiver, amber, and rosewood in finishing touches. The high-contrast calone note is the real "eternity" of this one, despite being a top note, as it never goes away thanks to it's binding with lavender in the heart. Anyone familiar with the preceding Aramis take on the genre known as New West (1988) will instantly understand what an enduring calone note is like (even if New West is more melon-y), and can already predict half of this juice's performance. New West was just too sweet and juicy for the mainstream, and despite technically beating Eternity to the punch on the idea, isn't really quite as universally appealing, since it didn't try tying anything familiar into it's fresh formula. All the other ingredients here, however natural and reassuring, surf on a shimmering wave of said calone, a suspension of notes which comes to define Eternity for Men more than anything else about it. 

There's a lot of sentiment attached to this one, in part due to it's insane popularity, and in part due to the changes in style it caused that made many a man mourn the loss of his previously-favorite fragrance. Like anything that causes a massive changing of the guard, there are those who resent it for abolishing the old ways, and those who embrace it as the start of -their own- set of traditions. For certain, it ranks up there with Acqua di Gio (1996) as one of the most-worn masculines ever. The antediluvian types will always throw stones at this as some sort of Antichrist in a bottle (indeed seeing the designer itself as such a devil), since it marked the final days of their favorite aromatics, musks, or powerhouses; it caused a death further asserted by CK's own continued foray into synthetics that started a 90's trend which made heavier scents taboo, then eulogized by 2011 IFRA restriction on treemoss and oakmoss. The house of Calvin Klein himself would seemingly become obsessed with the artifice on display here for years to come, creating what I call "The Age of Eternity" and using impressionistic "Kleinisms" in place of real notes going forward. Gen X'ers and Millenials who discovered this first will have the same nostalgia trip out of it that those older dudes get from a bottle of something from Paco Rabanne or Bogart, and I sit squarely in the middle because my tastes are far broader than the lot of them (as they are in most areas). I'll concede that it pushes a lot of most-common-denominator buttons, and Mr. Benaim was likely intent on having it do just that, but I'm not sure if it was the beginning of some scheme to convince guys "bland was better" to make it easier to sell more cheaply-made stuff for the same designer price. I just think it was a back-to-basics kind of scent with no expectation of the revolution it caused, and the trajectory of CK's designs going forward was just as much a reaction to the success of Eternity as designs from any other house in it's wake. Eternity is a spring or summer inoffensive office scent, and it's honestly not a bad choice because it's just such a simple lavender, geranium, and sandalwood composition once you cut out all the fluff. There isn't a lick of romance or scandal to it, but neither is there to most of the older barbershop fougères it plagiarizes. I see it too as more of a reaction rather than an initiative, and reactions often beget more reactions, and after 30 years of ripples, here we are, stuck in Eternity. 
Just a nice pleasant old school fresh scent, still like it after all these years!
I had first tried this in a holiday sampler pack that came bundled with this as well as Obsession, Escape, and CK One. While I liked them all this was probably my third favorite of the bunch behind CK One and Obsession. This one starts out sort of smelling like a glade plugin air freshener. The longer you wear it it gives way to a kind of green and woody scent. This one is kind of a sweet and sour cologne. Some days I can get this one to last longer and on those days it retains it's sweet scent other days it gets a little sour and the scent fades faster. Overall a decent fragrance considering you can get a small bottle at Walmart for under $25. I think it lasts longer and is best suited for warmer days.
A great scent from Calvin Klein!  Eternity definitely is noticed by others whenever I wear it, and I've been complimented several times.

Eternity is a classy, pungent cologne that has shimmering layers of spiciness, aquatics, citrus, and warmth from the lavender and geranium.  One friend commented on smelling Bay rum in the fragrance; it's not in the official scent triangle, but I think he was on point.  

I haven't smelled the vintage vs. newer formulation, so I can't make any comparisons as other basenotes have so aptly done.  But overall, Eternity is an understated legend that's worth a try.

 Long ago I avoided reviewing this and several other fragrances simply because they had plenty enough reviews already. Now I feel compelled to throw in my two cents because of how my perception has changed over the years. Until now I never quite realized how very 80's the heart and base are, losing myself in the lavender and calone opening. But the bitter greens and white florals, on closer inspection, are more akin to scents like the original Burberrys than the wave of herbaceous aquatics that followed Eternity's release. Heck, I never even noticed there was vetiver in this composition until today. I have always liked Calvin Klein despite their many shortcomings (CK Free and Encounter spring immediately to mind), and Mr. Klein and I share a birthday (Yippee!), and I feel this release deserves its level of fame- It is synthetic yet potent, a bit screechy if over-sprayed, but is layered and nuanced in a way which seems to be fading from the common release. My one caveat is that the current version in production is -maybe- 65 percent the strength of the original.
   Thumbs up for the original creation and a watered down neutral for the schlock currently on the shelves.
A one more example of the fragrance that is ruined by a reformulation.  Both longevity and sillage has gone. So I'm reviewing the vintage Eternity for men which I have purchased several bottles. That's the original CK Cosmetics version and somewhere in the mid 2000's the Unilever version. (the reformulated current version being the Coty Prestige one.) Ca. 50% of my purchased bottles had turned bad, and I'm left with 3 good vintage bottles. They smell amazingly good and different from the current formula. Much more potent! Based on my own experiences, i'd say Eternity turns relatively easily bad - a word of warning to any other possible vintage hunters. 

I find this a refreshing and comforting woody aromatic which has especially very nice sort of sharp top citrus notes (lemon, mandarin, bergamot).  The lavender is excellent here. The citruses are not at any phase too dominant. Aloof, clear, sharp, herbal, aromatic. In the middle notes I find an aspect of beautiful sadness/melancholy. Don't know where it exactly comes from, maybe the lavender-other florals-vetiver combo (?). Corresponds well with the name Eternity.  For me this works best as a good needed change after some heavier, sweeter, powerhouse fragrances.  The times when one needs lighter, refreshing, comforting, cooling, maybe even a bit sporty fragrance. It's not aquatic though, which is a big plus for me.  For those who search for compliments, this one works in that sense. Strictly masculine, I find nothing unisex or feminine here.  The base woods are vetiver, sandalwood and rosewood.

I go with 3-4 sprays of which one to the arm(s), the rest to neck-chest area. As for vintage Eternity, there's no need to spray more, you'll get noticed by others - and in a positive way! One extra spray from long distance to shirt, or spray to the air and "walk through the mist" is a good idea.  Works well as an office scent. Afaik it's not so popular any more (versus in the 90's) - it may offer a certain amount of individuality.


Salutation.

ETERNITY is my favorite fragrance of the CK in my coleection.it is my fragrance while i was in the university and all friends were loving me because of my lovely aromatic fougere and i still love it.

In my opinion the fragrance smells so different.it is a kind fragrances a man should wear it with chic style.not sharp fruity for me It opens with a fresh scent with some mild citrus noses.

I think it is suitable for every age and every taste because it is really clean and beautiful scent..delightful composition and perfect for spring days and very long losting.

7.75/10 

Well I fell in love with Eternity in 1992. It has a special place among other fragrances I use. My now wife liked the scent before we even met. Somehow it does work on me, although lately they have been experimenting and it looks like thy have toned down the cologne. I still like the lavender in it. Good for daily wear.
As other said, i agree that Eternity is a classic and timeless. A must have to everyone that likes fragrances. But looks like it had been reformulated lately, which turned in to a very weak version if compared to the 90's version. 
Smells like a watery citrus. I could see why this was popular in its day. It smells appealing, not fresh but still very good. Try it!

Scent 8
Longevity 4
Sillage 4
A classic fragrance.  Citrus based, works best in warm weather.  Everyone recognizes it.  Lasts exceptionally long.  which is good in warm weather. 
Still love this one.  Not sure if its partially boosted by sentimentality, but love the notes and memories it brings.  Good longevity and projection.  There's a reason it's so popular and popularity often brings a scent down.  Still a thumbs up.
Oh...Every time I smell it. I am surprised.It is really enjoyable for me.
Creamy and soapy along these years, yet not an obsolete fragrance. it may have been overused for several years but it is not, for today. I have not smelled something like that. Soapy but not ambery(for example not like prada amber ph), not vetiver like(for example not like tom ford grey vetiver), just a green herbal soap, slightly walking on a rope but not falling down. Sage, basil, lavender and some citrus dominating the sequence, it is a non offending gentle fragrance. Nothing sexy about it ok, but being sexy lies behind very attitude of yourself... 

It was very difficult for me to smell this fragrance again. Eternity was once a scent that made me comfortable, happy, dizzy and head over heels in love. However, smelling this fragrance now only makes me sad and nostalgic.

My first love wore Eternity every day. For almost four years and most of my teenage years, Eternity was more than just a cologne. 

This cologne is citrusy, fresh, clean and masculine. It's not outright sexy, it's more of a subtle sexy scent. A man that wears Eternity is a man that is kind and someone you can trust. 

The blend of citruses with the herbs and flowers are beautiful and comforting. I could spend hours just cuddling up to a man wearing this scent without getting a headache or feeling nauseous. 

Many men may be discouraged from buying this because it's so popular, yet I don't think it's popularity should deter them. I don't know of any woman that dislikes this cologne, so it is guaranteed to please.

It's a shame that this fragrance has too many memories connected to it. I would love to be able to enjoy this scent for what it is and not be reminded of the past. But I guess that's the beauty of scent recognition.


This was the first cologne ive smelled and ever since iv'e loved it. Its my signature scent and I'll always have this one. Its innofensive, green, and soapy. Great summer/ spring scent. I'd give it a 8.5/10
Eternity for men. A fresh fougere with a warm, sandalwood dry-down. Smells like that bada** older cousin who used to get into a lot of trouble with his leather jacket and du Maurier cigarettes, but is now trying to set a good example for the kids.
My favorite cologne from my high school/early college years, when I mostly wore Gap, Polo, and A&F.  Works anytime, with any outfit.  Definitely for the younger crowd.
Eternity for Men was launched in 1989.  It is a great classic fragrance and lasts really well.  Recommended for every day wear.
Nice citrus opening then mellows to what I’ll call a seductive scent.  I used Eternity exclusively back in the 90’s but spent the last 10 years with other newer, highly rated colognes.  On a whim, I purchased a bottle and WOW!!  I almost forgot just how incredible this stuff is.  It’s back as my number one cologne!   This cologne is simply magic.  In the past 2 days I’ve received several complements, most from the ladies.  Longevity is excellent.  Ladies love it!  Classic!
A classic for sure. I don't know how anyone could argue that this scent is dated. The name is a perfect example of the fragrance. Eternal. This smell brings back a lot of memories from high school. My dad gave me a bottle when I was 14 (this was my first cologne ever) and I loved the smell. I wore it everyday. Girls loved it and guys were jealous. Now that i'm in my mid twenties I probably wouldn't wear this but I sure do like to smell it from time to time to get that dejavu feeling again. Great fragrance.
Eternity for Men by Calvin KleinIn my opinion, this is a fresh, masculine, minty, citrus, versatile, long lasting, good, office, modern, fougere, metallic, musky, oceanic, clean, easy to over do, green, average, quite common, spring/summer,underated sexy and unique fragrance.It starts off with a nice alcohol note, then the alcohol gets mixed with green notes, quickly followed by a mandarine note. This fragrance also has oceanic notes.It smells like the sea. That's all I feel. I may have a problem with my sense of smell, but that is all, from start to end, except that in the end it has a subtle musk note.When the base notes appear, I may feel some woody notes, but I am really not sure about that. Anyway, this feels (almost) the same from start to end.This green liquid is actually not as common smelling as you might think. In my opinion, this is a unique fragrance. You only need to smell it once carefully and after some time you will still be able to distinguish it. If you walk on a highly crowded streed and someone passes you, then you will still be able to distinguish this. I can't understand how something so common and mass produced can smell unique. It's not the same case with Cool Water. Everybody knows how that smells.That's why Eternity might be good as a signature scent.About the longevity, Eternity has a very good longevity on me, but not always.I remember that one day I used this fragrance at 9 AM and still felt it at 10 or 11 PM. I wanted to be sure about that, so I asked my mother if she can still smell it.She said "yes". On other occasions, I could not smell it after 6 hours. When I go to the Black Sea, every week, I really enjoy the smell of Eternity mixed with the smell of the sea. It creates a special atmosphere. This lasts an average 8-10 hours on me.After 6 hours, it slowly begins to fade out. The "fade-out" takes 6 hours too.I never had problems with this fragrance. I know you don't believe me, but it never ever gave me a headache. It smelles strong, on some rare occasions, but it still did not gave me a headache. I don't know why. The projection is good. I even had some surprises on a few wears, where people said they can feel it from far away. One guy even said that I smell exactly like if I took a shower or something.This may be the best CK fragrance, in my opinion, but, when you buy it, please, don't expect something very good. You might not like it, so please, don't buy it blind, because they allways have it at ANY perfumery. You should rather expect an average cologne. In any case, this is way better then Acqua di Gio. Also, for the average consumer, I tell you this: If you over apply Eternity, then it is bye bye. You won't like it any more after that experience. I also want to say that Eternity is a cheap fragrance. You can easilly afford it, and you get what you paid for.How many sprays should you use: 1 or 2 in an interview or meeting, and 3 when you go for a walk or on a trip. The same quantity (3 sprays) can be used on a date.Only a hardcore fragrance man should use 4 sprays. So remember: 2 or 3 sprays.I said this because Eternity can project like crazy when over done.Based on the ratings on basenotes, Eternity by Calvin Klein has:43% -> thumbs up31% -> neutral26% -> negativeSo, overall, this fragrance is something from good to average. Ratings:The Smell: 7 (smells too simple for me)Longevity: 8.5 (if all fragrances last this much, then I am very happy)Projection: 8 (good projection, but over done it becomes exagerated)Originality: 8 (has a unique vibe)Price/Quality: 8.5 (great buy, you get what you paid for)Impression: 8 (the best CK scent)Final rating: 8Age group: teenagers and studentsThat's all, folks !Have a great day !Jimi Hendrix
a strong, synthetic fougere. may be headaching yes i agree. but the more time I tried to spent with this frag, it smelt more beautiful. authentic, unique, monster sillage, nice longevity, and a 'heavenly' dry down. the dry down is what makes this fragrance called "Eternity"
Maybe it is a bit soapy, but I like it. Nice fresh smell, ladies like it and I cannot stop smelling it. Great for spring/summer/daily wear and work.
This has to be the best all-round fragrance in fragrance history. And the safest. If you don't want to spend more than a 1 minute choosing a perfume, go with this one. Green notes dominate the top - but in a extremely mellow, soapy way - then the sweet woods take it to an even higher level.  It has to be one of the most "clean" of all green fragrances I know. It lasts well above the average and the sillage is very, very good. My favourite CK.P.S: Women go absolutely wild with this stuff!
Initial projection can be potent  (blame the green botanics...?) so take care. The frag does evolve into a clean descent masculine frag....Quite strong on longevity it's good quality frag in my opinion...generic but ok....give it a try. 
an excellent cologne, i really like it, and so do others. its pretty old cuz its been around for a long time and alot ofppl know about it so if u wanna stand out you probably wont cuz many ppl know how this cologne smells like. its definitely great. 
a classic, all-time,all-around fragrance. the best ever made by ck. i used to use one back in the days.

I first tried Kenzo Flower at Sephora over ten years ago when I was just starting to become seriously interested in perfume. I actually recoiled a bit because of how powdery it was. Now, I love soft powdery scents, thought back to my experience with Kenzo Flower over ten years ago, and sought it out. It can currently be found at discounters for a very reasonable price, is still available in 30ml, and who knows when it may be discontinued? It is 20 years old now, after all. 

To me Flower is the quintessential baby powder scent. I get mostly powder and little else. No florals, little musk. Not too sweet. It's not a complicated scent, but it's a nice comfort scent on colder days.  

EDIT: After several wearings, Flower seems to be a bit of a chameleon. Some days it smells soft and powdery, other days it smells more 'fresh and clean'. This adds to its complexity makes it more interesting. 
Opens with a slight melony note(calone given the release date?) and that lipstick smell that sometimes happens with rose/violet perfumes and a bit of a  synthetic buzz. It's strange on first try, but its also kind of strange and fun, especially the more wears you give it. Drys down into a lovely powdery rose scent over vanilla and white musk, which really comes in and rounds out the opening. The vanilla never gets cloying or bakery smelling though, and the white musk never gets sharp or too laundry-esque. It smells nice and clean and clear powdery and violet-y. Very nicely done in a very cool bottle. Perfect for spring.
Tons of violet on top; happy little, powdery violets.  Rose shines through a moment later.  Buzzy sweetness on top overall.  Lovely!

The middle and base seem to be as one entity, one blend.  There is a muted resinous, balsamic layer intermingled with a creamy musk.  There is an aldehyde, hazy blend thrown in here.  I'm going to guess it's the "chemical notes" listed for the base.  The violets stick around, dancing around the whole time.
A very good and nice soapy floral that performs well. Then, it’s nothing special for me. 
When I first spray this on, it appears very strong and very sweet, which if the longevity were stronger, would make it synthetic, sickly and overwhelming. Happily, it falls quickly to a pleasant soft, musky rose.  
I find the opening a bit sharp. A lot of violet emerges out while the rose gives a soft touch. At the drydown the vanilla smoothens it into a comforting body scent. I find it indeed very powdery. And I detected some incense-like notes that tickle the nose and constantly reboost up the soft floral and vanilla, very interesting. The sillage is quite good and the longevity is around 7h on me. 

I personally think the bottle is an excellent visual interpretation for the fragrance. It's floral, sensual, and incredibly clean. I especially love it in spring and autumn. I don't think it's a very seductive fragrance, otherwise it can fit numerous occasions with different amount of application. It's not bold, but still very distinctive. It surely has its uniqueness in the floral categories.

Originally written in 2013.
FlowerbyKenzo is condense of florals, fresh musk, resins and almondy vanilla. Joyful, radiant and spacious on my skin. Absolutely not cloying, I'd say exactly the antithesis of whichever form of olfactive sultry oppressiveness. While bulgarian rose (initially crisp and earthy) is heady in the fresh opening (a yet vanillic fresh and humid opening) violet and lily of the valley come out along the freshly powdery almondy dry down. Rose is yet present along the bottom, finally soapy and musky. The "denser" (more resinous) part is the central one, opening is crisp, rooty-herbal (yet sweet vanillic) and freshly floral while dry down is musky-powdery with a tinge of creamy resinous. This is not a masterwork but surely I catch on my skin a more than pleasant semi-oriental with a spark of floral-chypre classic sophistication (anyway supported by a modern musky touch of girlish glamour-chic). I detect a sort of sexy girlish floral acidity which is evocative of that hellish "young woman's sweat mixed with creamy armpits' deodorant". Appalling bottle. 
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, no doubt. Kenzo's Flower is an homage to one of the fragrance world's great classics, and possibly the world's first gourmand - Caron's 1941 Royal Bain de Champagne.

RBC was the first scent I encountered upon moving to New York City. A young man I met on Brooklyn Heights' promenade floated in a cloud of melony vanilla amber, and this was the Caron, which immediately became my signature scent - this was in the early 1970s.

As Turin and Sanchez point out in their Perfume Guide, Kenzo's Flower attempts to recreate Caron's masterpiece. It begins quite similarly with honeydew melon and marshmallow, floating over vanilla and amber. However, Flower is greener than the Caron and inside of 15 minutes, has settled down to a pleasant reedy artemesia-like wood scent.  Whereas with the Caron, the melon, amber and vanilla never let up.

A nice alternative, but I'd advise to stick with the original, which is so affordable, it eclipses the Kenzo as an economical investment.
Salutation.

FLOWER BY KENZO is an Great fragrance that Invite to Love. It is The brainchild a Genius Like ALBERTO MORILLAS. It is Asia Prestige in The Perfume World too. I was really Pleasantly Surprised when I first smelled this perfume a few Years ago. Subtle,Clean, Natural,Romantic, Sophisticated,Fantasy,Oriental and Feminine.

A hint of Freshness by Black Currant Open the Scene for the Romance of Rose and the Intimacy of Violet in the heart While the base gains Sensuous from Musk and Vanilla.This Perfect blend is Utterly LOVELY,Feminine yet Clean,Soft and Not Heavy scent that lasts for a Long time without Overwhelming.

It is a Delightful Ladylike fragrance and Makes You Feel Like It is a part of Your Personality. The Scent is Light Enough for day wear and very Lovely for Evening Especially with jeans and when You dress up for a ROMANTIC Dinner or a Garden Party in SPRINGTIME. If You are Looking for a Tender Floral scent This one is a Wonderful choice but Test it first before Buying!

Sillage?Very Good.

Longevity?+6 hours on my skin.

7.25/10 
Why review Flower when it was released 15 years ago? It's been a bestseller for ages, has been the subject of many flankers and is a successful crossover in Japan. Everybody knows what Flower smells like...

Kenzo asked for a perfume that smells like poppy - a scentless flower. Pretentious folly or inspiration? It gives the perfumer rare creative licence  - and in response to this zen brief Alberto Morillas came up with a white floral bouquet.

A note pyramid for Flower is:
Lychee supported by ginger and mandarin, violet
Rose, with camelia and mimosa,
Frankincense, white musks, patchouli and amber.

Another way to describe Flower is; sweet, abstract flowers with hard black undertones on a basket of laundry musks.

Synthetic odourants are carefully selected to create approximations of rose, violet, hawthorn and Cassie; quoted from another pyramid. Rather than creating each flower and then merging them, molecules common to more than one flower bridge the gaps. This is economic use of materials as only the most essential components of each flower are represented. Close smelling reveals the limitations of this approach though and it's only partly successful. The texture wears a bit coarsely and the flowers do not smell realistic.

With this reliance on synthetics, Flower lacks finesse and roundness. The only natural materials being opopanax, incense and patchouli, and maybe a minute amount of Rosa centifolia, the high percentage of synthetics gives the perfume an artificial quality. This is not necessarily a bad thing; the plasticy feel of Flower makes it distinct from a more traditional formula.

Flower bears the hallmarks of its time (2000) with a watery-fruit note in the head, but in this case it's lychee rather than melon. Its linear core is built from long lasting materials.

As the intense sweetness of the opening declines, dry lemony accents of incense emerge. These give contrast and prevent Flower from becoming a sweet bomb.

Certain key notes have allowed Flower to become a successful crossover in Japan. The lychee in the opening flourish, supported by ginger - common in south east Asian cuisine, and mandarin, create a hook for the oriental consumer. Rose and jasmin have universal appeal and, and incense also has cultural resonance for the Japanese.

Anaïs Anaïs (1978) and Flower are very similar white floral bouquets, but where Anaïs' soapy bathroom accord of lily and hyacinth feels innocent, Flower is harder and less permissive. Its undertone of incense and patchouli announces in a low but firm voice that the pastel, soft focus reveries of the seventies are over. Kenzo's twenty first century interpretation is a plasticy, confident abstract composition. The white floral has moved from being the virginal symbol of early adolescence to a strategy marketed at young women in the postmodern world.

Flowers' continued production has been due to the cheapness of its formula, and is now thanks to its potential to penetrate the enormous and untapped market in China.

The succession of Flower flankers demonstrates the solidity of its formula, which continues to serve as a foundation for new ornamentation.

Flower (like Anaïs Anaïs) has the lasting appeal of a distinctive perfume that transcends the whims of fashion.
It has endured to become a classic.
Flower Eau de Parfum opens on a brisk green floral accord that’s at once smooth and refreshing. Violet leaf and violet blossom soon separate themselves from the blend, while suggestions of muguet (lily-of-the-valley) and acacia fill out the dewy spring bouquet. Just a little less roundness, a little less blending of notes, and Flower would smell like air freshener. It’s all squeaky clean – maybe even a little bit clinical – but absent the melon-aquatic notes (over)used in so many of today’s bright florals, the composition manages to keep on the right side of cheap-smelling. 

Flower’s foundation consists mostly of soapy white musk and soft woods. Because the base notes are not sweet, the scent maintains its crystalline clarity right through to the end. I would describe both its sillage and projection from the skin as moderate, and once its central floral bouquet is assembled, it remains stable for at least four hours before beginning its collapse into drydown. Flower is an easy-wearing, happy scent that manages to feel fresh while avoiding modern fresh-floral clichés. I think of it as a space age Diorissimo: equally limpid, luminous, and vernal, but tricked out in a shiny new metallic finish. I like it.

I like this, but I do find it wears off quickly almost like a deodorant. Need to top it up during the day.
An aldehydic, musky floral typically has an implicit sweetness.  An interesting perfume will play against type and either downplay or compensate for the sweetness.  Flower learned compensation and a sort of misdirection from White Linen, which it smells like, and Tommy girl, with which it shares a conceptual similarity.  

White Linen’s trick is to redirect the composition’s sweetness with a peppery rose that doesn’t so much diminish the sweetness as steer it toward sweet/tart.  From Tommy Girl, Flower learns the lesson of astringency.  Sour, as opposed to bitter, is a hard effect to pull off in perfumery.  In Flower, the sweet, powdery melon-like tone is highlighted by a slightly vinegary note just as actual melon would be by a splash of lemon juice.

After years, I finally tried this for the first time.  I used to pass it up, saying, "I don't like florals."  Ha ha.  The joke is on me.  This is PLASTIC FLOWERS.  It is totally weird.  I give it high marks for originality.  I probably won't buy it and wear it, but it sure is fun.  This smells like a bouquet of children's toy flowers scented with powder.  The entire scent is sweet plastic and powder.  This is amazing.  I keep smelling it, through the air, for hours and hours.  There's a bit of ivy or some strange greenness.  The rest is pure fantasy.  Wow.
I don't find it odd that so many people have given Flower by Kenzo a negative rating. I know that the sort of powdery, springtime-sugar-flower scents that I love are most definitely not for everyone and that a lot of people dislike such sweet perfumes. 

Maybe it's simply my body chemistry and the way that it develops on me, however, but I don't find it at all insipid like others say, nor out of balance - baby powder is not what it smells like on me. In fact, on me it smells a little darker and more mysterious than many other perfumes I own; it isn't by any means the scent of a femme fatale, but it's not without its charms; and besides, I am not a femme fatale! 
It's reminiscent of a warm, lonely early summer's twilight in a flower garden - soft, sweet and a little sleepy, slightly nostalgic; a last hour's rays of pink-toned sunset on a rose-twined wooden table while faint blue shadows cling to the edges. It's the sort of scent that you could wear just as well in a floral dress, crochet gloves and a boater hat as in an antique mourning dress and veil.

It is a very feminine perfume, on the other hand: not obnoxiously sweet but definitely a "pretty" scent, so it's unlikely to suit everyone's taste. I also agree that it isn't a stunningly unique or strong-willed scent - it's floaty and easy to wear, a lovely scent for a sunny day at a teahouse rather than the signature scent of a diva. Neither is it an intensely grown-up sex-bomb sort of perfume. Still, the lack of strong musky scents is a welcome relief for me and anyone else on whom musks turn unpleasant very quickly. 

My only personal complaint is that it doesn't have particularly good sticking power. I put a drop on my wrists and throat today, and while this morning I was smelling distinctly flowery on the bus it's now mid-evening and it's about as strong as if I were wearing floral talcum powder (although my wrist does smell delightfully like a wild rose bush now). 

Other than that, it's a light, innocent, simple scent wonderful for the spring and summer for any lady (or gentleman for that matter) who likes to feel sweet and elegant. I'd say it's an 8.5/10 for me.

Its a  good fragrance but easy to get sick of it
I really love this, whenever I wear this scent, I receive a lot of compliments.
Stays the whole day.
This has to be one of my favorites.  It's sweet, but a sort of dark sweet.  The scent reminds me of "happy."  This fragrance makes me feel like a women and always has others walk by slowly to really take in the sexy sweetness.  I went through a 3.4oz bottle in one year.  Just awesome!
This smells powdery, and doesn't wear off....I'm not a fan, I don't like smelling like a baby. A friend gave me a small little bottle of it....and I haven't made a dent in it.
So my boyfriend and I have this rule...we each have our night out with the boys/girls.  We don't ask and don't tell what REALLY happened on those nights because we trust eachother and love eachother, and for us it's like that "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas" slogan kind of thing.It just so happens that my friends are wild and dragged me across the border to Tijuana for a day of fun in the sun, gambling, drinking, dancing, and laughing.  I came across this fragrance in the duty free store as my girlfriends and I were crossing the border to come back home.  I had a wicked licentious smile on my face and some gambling money burning a hole in my pocket, so I stopped in for another huge bottle of Patron tequila when FLOWER caught my eye.  I tested it on my wrist and walked around looking for my liquor.  I couldn't resist smelling my wrist again and again and again.  I forced my girlfriends to smell it again and again and again and we all agreed that it was gorgeously innocent; the PERFECT date perfume.  Not the perfume of the "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas" woman I was that particular moment as I was searching for that liquor and trying to outrun a hangover, but the woman I'd be when I got home, and back to my boyfriend;  the vision of feminity and innocence that he fell in love with....I saw him the next day at church.  I was wearing my new FLOWER perfume, and a super girly baby pink silk Betsey Johnson dress with Kate Spade heels.  He said, "Oh My God, you smell GOOD - did you have fun with your friends?" and with the sweetest, most innocent smile and blink of my lashes I simply said, "yes"That is this perfume.  It's innocence, it's feminine, it's how a man wants a woman to smell.  It's his vision of you at your best, most feminine, simplest form.  It's sexy too, but not "in your face" sexy, but rather, more like a straightforward honest sexiness.  I will always wear this one before a big date with my love!
Taliaseki made an interesting assessment while I was searching for a note...dried clover! FlowerbyKenzo boasts a beautiful and feminine rose opening, and a soft one at that. The vanilla/opoponax/musk middle makes this one too powdery for some, but it just wouldn't work the same without it. Then there's that odd 'dried clover' vibe... The rest of its body is as clear as the stem of its bottle. It is mysteriously spacious, as though there's this hollow area inside the scent itself. And despite this apparent lack of body, Flower lasts for hours and hours. I love a good rose scent and this one's so curious I just have to like it. 
Kenzo Flower, what an absolute heart stopper.  If she were a woman I would be on one knee and forever in her debt. Im in love. The perfect powdered violet, rose scent that becomes muskier, sexier with time as she allows you to enter her little part of heaven.As your introduced to Kenzo Flower you are struck with sweet black currant, rose and hawthorn and a huge violet note. The black currant doesn't stay for very long but the rose and violet develop down into the heart nicely. These notes are greeted with jasmine and the bittersweet Opoponax, which takes us seamlessly from heart to base. In the base we find vanilla and white musk the jasmine being replaced for hedione (Firmenich tradename, basically a jasmonate). The base melts so close to the skin its heart achingly beautiful. Im almost reduced to tears every time I allow this beauty to dry down into my heart. I wish for her never to leave from this state of grace.Its soft, its powdery, its subtle only showing little nuances over a very long time. Being cautious not to give too much away too soon. Flower embodies modern femininity in my opinion and it has to be up there in my top 5 fragrances. Kenzo flower is one of my comfort blanket fragrances (along with JPG 2). She's a scent to be worn in hot summer days and cold winter mornings for me. This scent was created by Alberto Morillas who has created some of the best selling fragrances of the past 20 or so years and  I have to say this is my favorite from his portfolio.Utter Perfection in a bottle, makes life worth living.
Alberto Morilla's interpretation of what the poppy flower would smell like if it were to have a scent, combining the best of rose, jasmine and violet leaf notes to create an illusory floral accord. To my nose FLOWER BY KENZO feels voluptuous, textured with a mild powdery sweetness that draws me into its depth. Not the most enchanting floral I've encountered but certainly one of the most feminine. *** This review is of the EDP ***
one of the best female perfumes in production for young ladies.once you smell it on the appropriate skin, you can't stop asking for it.it is so clean, so femini, so nice that you will love it for life.  Smell like sweet flowers, powder but in any way, a very nice female perfume!
When this perfume was released I detested it. Far too powdery and overwhelming. However, later my cousin gave me the EDP in a dab on bottle. I avoided it for months, but then discovered that a mere two drops on the nap gave the most wonderously different result. It permeates gently but arousingly. Feminine, playful and uplifting. The powder is still there, which is not usually an element I enjoy, but it is augmented by the rose and violets to bring it out of the matron's water closet.
Kenzo Flower Parfum is fantastic.  It is luxurious and lingering.  My fiance is confused about it as he doesn't relly like it but it reminds him of when we first met.  It is quite a bold and lasting scent, perfect for wintertime.  I find myself reaching for it whenever I go to a ball or out for an expensive meal.  I find it sophisticated and memorable.
EdT: Horrible, fresh, prickly floral scent. Smells like a dozen others and makes me sneeze.EdP: Heaven sent me a pretty red bottle of warm, syrupy, floral goodness. If you like Fracas and Chinatown type of scents ( floral but with a warm sweet quality in there with depth) you should try this. It´s feminine, sexy but not slutty and comforting. 
I have the EDP in the clear glass bottle with the poppy. That was scintillating enough to make me buy the parfum in hte red metal bottle which is divine. I love violets.   I can't see a future without these perfumes, or one of them, in it. Both are more advertourous than Borsari's Violetta di Palma - the EDP more suggestive and playful, the parfum more sultry. 
It is one of my favorite women’s perfume. I really like this scent.
I like the Le Parfum (red bottle) more than the lesser concentrations. Reminiscent of heliotrope (everlasting flower), the sweet quality of FbK smells like you've spilt the best baby powder next door to the best confectionary bakery. This is one of those sweet fragrances I love to encounter, but would weary of wearing.

I don't often sample womens fragrances, but this was a super popular one, with a signature style, that I had thought about buying for my wife.  Wearing it myself, it is definitely feminine.  Ginger white floral.  Clean, well rounded.  It smells like it is great quality.  A bit powdery.  A little citrus up front.  To me this doesn't skew young, doesn't skew old.  It seems like a woman in her 20s.  Wholesome, and without any trace of skank.  If I find a good deal on this I'm gonna pull the trigger.  Its nice.  Hermes makes good product. 
Teenage girls at the pony club.

****

Carded sample
O, spicy flower
Tempted by ginger and woods
Come away with me!

Let my tragic love
Be enough for just one night
Before you return

To handmaiden days.
Let shaman's sandalwood spell
Open mind's eyelids

To woody sandstorms
Lives and stories lost to time
By some other tribe

Laughing at our own
For thinking that anything
Belongs to something

Understanding not
Why parts of speech are needed
To come between us.

Should this not suffice
To pry you from your mistress
And into my arms

Then hear ginger's song
Liar to all who listen
Faithless counselor

With sweetest of voice
Knower of men and women
That dime-store siren

Who would please us all
Just to say that she did it.
Let her convince you

To walk spicy coals
On some distant beach with me
In our fragrant dream.

Let her love of life
Infect your own on that beach
Under diff'rent stars.

Bring your silly hat
And all your other girl charms
To find your way back

But watch in wonder
With eyes closed and nose open
As they disappear

From truest story
Where all of us met before
You woke with a smile.
Perfumer Christine Nagel has made no bones about Twilly targeting young women, and in many ways its millennial-market styling is spot-on. The juice is pink, the bottle twee, and even the tuberose is stripped down, scrubbed-clean, and tamed to near-minimalism—the Stepford Wife of tuberoses. 

And, yet, this isn’t a standard fruity floral. A hefty slug of ginger gives Twilly much of its initial sparkle and freshness before mingling with the other notes to create something way more butch than the initial presentation, like one of those colognes that barbers slap on their customers after giving them a shave.

I really like that bracing aspect, which translates just as impressively into the air. Twilly’s sillage is assertive but never offensive—I get busloads of compliments when I wear it. Once, forgetting myself, I spritzed a good bit of it before visiting my stepfather in the hospital and instead of side-eyeing me, his nursed thanked me for “making the place smell better.” 

Twilly’s eventual evolution into what I like to call a “wall of scent” is both its strength and its weakness, depending on your expectations. I nearly traded or sold it a good half-dozen times before eventually giving in, realizing that moving along in its white noise cloud becomes an exercise in Zen-like acceptance that sometimes a perfume that just smells GOOD is good enough.

Firstly - I adore Christine Nagel creations. That being said, I feel like Jean Claude Ellena started with a draft of this idea (see TDC's Bergamote). The gingery-bergamot opening is stunning, zingy, and fully of character. It fits in perfectly within Hermes' range of lightweight EDTs under Ellena's reign. 

After the zing fades, the tuberose moves into focus and avoids the typical tube' creaminess and lush opulence. 

A citrus tuberose? How? I have no idea, but it works and I love it. 

Note - totally different on skin than a blotter. I had dismissed this before Turin pointed out its genius.

Also - love the out-of-proportion Charlie Chaplin bottle. 
The opening ginger packs quite a punch and  almost blew it for me (Ginger can be sickeningly soapy) However, the middle and base notes make up for it with a fresh but deep and “interesting enough” summer garden vibe thanks to the Tuberose and sandalwood.  
Feminine ginger fragrances that develop are not found that often on the market. Twilly d’Hermés is simple, yet a beautiful fresh floral fragrance. It could perform better. It would be really great with some spices in it, may be cinnamon. 
View of Collioure by Henri Matisse 1905
may be Le bonheur de vivre
I sampled this because I was drawn to the whimsy of the bottle.  Big and chunky with bright playful colors, the almost caricature bottle (compared to other Hermes bottles of the like) foretells of a not so serious fragrance, and the jus does not disappoint in that aspect.
Simple, straight forward without being so serious...again compared to the Hermes standard.  Perfect for a younger demographic, including those young at heart.
Mildly spicy opening with a candy heart and a woody base makes it a perfect intro fragrance or a summer fling.

This is a nice scent, but I do think I could only pull it off on special occasions. It starts with a burst of green leaves, reminiscent to Elephant by Zoologist. Both are a bit too sharp for my tastes. However, within 15min it sweetens and the floral notes develop, they are rich and ripe. Not quite indolic but teetering on the edge. Then after about an hour that edge wears off and is replaced by creamy coconut. Not as beachy as something like Soleil Blanc but still a little sun-creamy. I love how the fragrance develops like an expedition: starting in the deep thickets of jungle, following a flower-lined riverbed, all the way to the beach. 

It's unisex but leans a bit feminine. So I think I could only make it work in either formal occasions or on vacation. So for that reason (and the price) I don't think I'd ever get a bottle. I also really like beachy fragrances so I wouldn't mind something more coconutty all the way through. Really cool to try though, worth a sample for sure.
Beautiful flowers like tuberose, jasmine, ylang-ylang and orange blossom. The tuberose is the Queen of this fragrance. The sweetness of coconut and a citric/musky background. Pure love from me, lasts a long time and is a complement getter.    
Beautiful but Enormously Overpriced Take on the Legendary Fracas.

Notes: Tuberose, Eucalyptus, Coconut, Jasmine, Orange Blossom, Melon, Ylang-Ylang, White Musk, Bergamot.

I was gifted a sample of Carnal Flower recently, and I liked it so much that I purchased a full bottle from a very reputable retailer. I do not know how old was the sample gifted me, but I now suspect that it must have been a few years old because the perfume in the full bottle does not seem to be as rich and complex as is the sample, and to my surprise given its price point, its performance is moderate at best. With an amazing six spritzes, projection and sillage were only mild to good for the first hour, and then it very quickly turned into a skin scent. Longevity was also mild to good at roughly four hours. After having read so many reviews that claimed only 1-2 spritzes provided massive projection and sillage for an entire day and half the night or more, I am very disappointed in Carnal Flower's performance. 

Carnal Flower is a very beautiful perfume, but having worn Fracas many times, I did not find Carnal Flower to be at all unique or even very different from Fracas, and given its mediocre performance, I could not recommend it over Fracas. Perhaps Carnal Flower's lack lustre performance is due to reformulation? Perhaps the fragrance in the original formulation only required 1-2 spritzes to last all day and half the night as some reviewers have stated, but this is not true of the fragrance in my brand new bottle. After 3-4 hours, Carnal Flower is only barely perceptible on my skin, and it smells so similar to Fracas that I find it redundant to have it my collection. 

If you love and own Fracas, you can probably live without Carnal Flower. It is undoubtedly a beautiful tuberose-centric fragrance, but I do not feel it is worth its price point even if you do not already own Fracas. You can buy roughly three 100ml bottles of Fracas for what it costs to purchase one 50ml bottle of Carnal Flower. In my opinion, Carnal Flower is simply not worth the inflated price. Fracas is just as gorgeous and performs equally as well if not better. 

I am sorry to say it, but I find Carnal Flower to be little more than a Fracas clone. Madonna's Truth or Dare is also a take on Fracas, but Truth or Dare is dissimilar enough to Fracas to be quite distinguishable in its own right, and it costs significantly less than Fracas which costs significantly less than Carnal Flower, so for those on a strict budget, I suggest purchasing Truth or Dare. If you can afford Fracas, forget Truth or Dare and purchase Fracas instead as it is of a higher quality and is a more beautiful fragrance. Either way, Truth or Dare or Fracas, there is no need to pay almost $300 for a 50ml bottle of Carnal Flower unless you want it for the brand name prestige. 

Fragrance: 8.75/10

Projection: 6/10 (first hour only)

Sillage: 6/10 (first hour only)

Longevity: 5/10

Presentation: 5/10
An austere green tuberose, polished and exquisite, brainy and rather brusque. I don't find it carnal or sensual but for me that is leather...
A beautifully stunning fragrance. One of the finest perfumes I have ever tried. Great longevity and projection. At first I thought it was too feminine and then I realized that with something this good gender should never come into it. I have chosen to own a decant rather than a full bottle as I only want to keep this for special occasions. Not an everyday fragrance for me! 




Much has been said about the realism and freshness of this fragrance, and I don't have much to add on that score - except to say that Carnal Flower's freshness is not about soap or naivete, but rather the just-cut essence of stalk and bloom. It really is like walking into a florist's refrigerated room, or strolling through a garden alive with white flowers.
There is a lovely green note that prevents Carnal Flower from sliding into sweet sentimentality - it retains its character right through the drydown. Along with Fracas (Piguet) and Tubereuse Criminelle (Lutens), Carnal Flower is among my top three current favorite tuberose perfumes (for vintage, nothing comes close to L'Heure Bleue).
Gorgeous, arguably the best of the Malle line.

Tuberose perfumes are notoriously temperamental, often unpleasantly screeching for attention.  But Carnal Flower gets everything just perfect.  At its heart, it's tuberose, but deftly combined with gorgeous orange blossom, rich creamy ylang, and jasmine.  There's a light, powdery sparkle as well, but the real magic is the way it combines the tuberose's indoles with leafy greens and woods.  The end result is shamelessly floral, but with enough piquant woody undertones to achieve an achingly beautiful balance.

Absolutely required sniffing.
I love this. It smells wonderful. Contrary to what a few say, this is definitely "unisex". In fact, I think it smells best on a man! A masculine male wearing this scent is very attractive, even sexy. It's the contrast, you see. I can think of a couple French actors I’d love to smell this on. The fragrance will last on your shirts for days, and you’ll keep going back to your closet to smell your collar, just because :-)
Brightened up with a touch of bergamot, from the word "go" the star in the performance greets me: a beautiful tuberose, bright but intensive, rich but elegant, floral but not too sweet.  This beauty hardly displays any waxiness.  One of the most convincing tuberoses I have come across for a while. 

The drydown gains added depth and a slightly creamy character with the addition of nice ylang-ylang undertone, soon a white floral mix gains prominence, with a jasmine that at times is bearing gently woodsy characteristics.  It is, however, a lovely orange blossom that moves into foreground, but always combined with the starring tuberose, which remains prominent from beginning to the end, like an idée fixe in a work by Berlioz.  

This remains the core blend in the base, with some perfunctory white musks adding - not very much noteworthy.   

I get moderate sillage, very good projection and nine hours of longevity on my skin.  

A delicious evening spring scent on account of supreme and brilliant tuberose and the very nice orange blossom - the rest is mere accompaniment only.  3.75/5.  
Very floral with announced jasmine. If you like honey tones, this might be it!
lauded as The tuberose scent here, I decided to try carnal flower after I fell hard for another tuberose delight: Tom Ford's orchid soleil.

Turns out my tuberose tolerance lies just before this fragrance. It's absolutely beautiful, but somehow a bit too much for me. I now understand why people find tuberose headache inducing: it's a particularly strong note.

Smelling the vial (I do that, don't judge), it smelled absolutely heavenly, and it had a tinge of something green through the wonderful white flowers. On my skin, however, the tuberose developed in all its glory, with that kind of a plasticy/rubbery feel to it that some people describe as typical for this flower. 

Like others have stated before me, this perfume is big as a house. Luckily, when I applied it I stopped after the first spritz, otherwise it would surely have overwhelmed me. The scent projects and lingers full throttle for at least 5 hours, and whenever I moved my left hand I got this big waft of it. Weirdly enough, I like this scent better when I smell it up close than when I smell it as a cloud that envelopes me.

In all, I think for now this perfume may have a tendency to wear me, instead of me wearing it, so I'll save the rest of my tester for those special occasions when I want to feel like a total diva. Only Marilyn Monroe could wear this scent in a professional setting. For an everyday tuberose I'll stick to my orchid soleil.


i really like it when things smell almost rotten.ripe.white flowers.i cant get enough .that little bit of musk is just enough to butch it up.
intoxicating!
Touch of nice green notes in the opening, and peeks of melon towards the top, but overall a white floral fragrance. It's a mixture of ylang, orange blossom and tuberose. It doesn't have the oily tuberose present in Nuit de Tuberose. The orange blossom is full, but not particularly indolic; it's not the fresh orange blossom in Houbigant's fragrance. The ylang is present in a custard-y type of way. It's a beautiful blend, but I prefer fragrances that particularly focus on those individual scents versus presenting them together. 
For me, this is an earthy floral scent, and though the effect has been seductive (judging from male comments ;D), to me, it just feels like "me." This is my everyday scent, and I put it on the same way I put on mascara and lipgloss instead of full face of makeup. Just an enhancement. It's light and delicious, enhancing, but still natural. On the other hand, it's unusual and striking without being overbearing... I'd like to think that describes me as well. :)

CF definitely has a commanding presence, but on me, it's like that person who you notice from across the room just because there's something intense, different, and alluring about them, even though they're not saying a word. Commanding, yes, but not loud or ostentatious. CF has great warmth, but it doesn't start off that way. The bergamot cuts through the indole, but 15-30 minutes in, that "carnal" note tries to surface, but never quite makes it above the melony coconut, and even those two notes are light. The floral is present throughout and even though that indole is struggling to show out, its presence definitely puts this in the intoxicating category without straying into the icky, dirty underpinnings zone that has put me off to pure animalic florals.

My favourite thing about this fragrance is that I've never smelled anything like it and it's *so* pretty and lush. Not quite green, but definitely at home in a rainforest. It's tropical but not cliche and does just fine in the PNW summer. I just wish it lasted longer on my dry skin. That said, I did shell out $$$ for this, and will again. It's the first perfume that I'd ever had that, "oh my gosh, YES" reaction to. Would that I could afford to stock up, as it's the one bottle that I've managed to empty the fastest...

Wherever I go, people ask, "oh my god, what smells so good?!" I've gotten used to telling people, "it's me!" Haha!
I truly adore this scent. I only wish it would stick around on me longer than a few hours. 

I was surprised that a scent with such a dramatic name would smell so...gentle. I'm not disappointed, though! I had hesitated making this purchase - I only bought the 10 ml bottle. I was concerned it would be overwhelming - but it really is a lovely natural tuberose. 

I'm planning to experiment with spraying this on a piece of clothing. Perhaps it will last longer? 

Overall, a wonderful composition, with a bit less longevity than I 
would prefer. 

Update: I decided to dive in and purchase a full bottle of this heady scent. I searched until I found a bottle of an older formulation, and I hope this solves my longevity issues. If not, I suppose I can always swap...

2nd Update - I wore this today, and got 6 hours of good wear before I showered. I'm considering this a keeper! I'm wondering if weather has anything to do with the longevity...anyway, love it, keeping it!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

3rd Update - This is one of my very favorites - on my second bottle - this time it's a 100 ml. 
Rich creamy tuberose on a sandal coconutie base. Smells summer and beach :)
My sample of Carnal Flower sat in my sample box, unloved and untested, for a whole year. I kind of fear tuberose, you see. It brings back unwelcome associations for me between the sleek, buttery smell of tuberose blooms in vases and rich ladies who lunch in hotels.

I used to work in one such hotel – Kelly’s Hotel in Rosslare Strand (Irish people will know it).  Don’t get me wrong – the hotel was, and still is, a great place and the owners are wonderful. But never was I so aware of my lowly socio-economic status as when I stepped through the revolving doors into the tuberose-scented air of that hotel.

Over time, the smell of tuberose became linked in my mind with rich people, carpets so deep your heels sink into them, and the indefinable smell of wealth in the air. My prejudice is wholly my own, of course – it only means that I have an inferiority complex. But I am careful about tuberose because I am only human and don’t want to deliberately trigger those feelings.

I needn’t have worried about Carnal Flower. It’s less of the ‘wealthy hotel air’ smell of hothouse tuberoses and more botanical, earthy, natural in feel – like walking through a swampy field of tuberose stalks. It is a smell rooted in nature and not in something man-made. 

The opening notes are luridly green and camphoraceous, and every time I get a mental image of the waxy leaves of a privet hedge and the stalks of the tuberose being crushed and offered to me to smell. The freshness is a surprise, every time, and it moves me. Slightly bitter, sappy, and evergreen, I wish it could last forever; it’s that intoxicating to my senses.

Eventually, the opening dies back and a creamy tuberose is revealed. To my relief, it is not the butter-and-candy disco flower of my worst nightmares (hello Fracas!), but a cool and restrained take on the infamous bloom. It is creamy, yes, but not overblown.  

Hints of coconut and white musk round out the floral element. Although I like the opening more, I also quite like this last phase, especially in the heat, because the tuberose and coconut give off a natural, salty beach feel. 

Despite the marketing and the name, I don’t find Carnal Flower to be sexy in the slightest. In my opinion, it is simply a tuberose presented in the most botanical, natural way possible. I think Carnal Flower does a brilliant job of showcasing the headiness of the flower as it appears in nature, and not in a hothouse environment, and for that alone, I will always love it. Will I need a whole bottle of it? Nah. But a vial of it to smell every now and then would be nice.
Salutation.
Like a heavenly aphrodisiac.this scent is bound to turn heads.the very essence of white flowers especially tuberose and jasmine,it is unisex but i found it the the most feminine of scents,so i can't imagine a man wear it.CARNAL FLOWER is a sensual woman who loves to take control of the opposite sex with one scent.It is simply wonderful and the scent lasts all day. Enticingly Magnetic, Highly Sophisticated,Emotively Carnal and Absolutely Gorgeous.

It begins as a very hedy floral with tuberose note prominent, jasmine and ylang ylang are beautifully blended.a sensual blend of coconut and white musk in the base leaves a trail of allure and glamour.this mixture provide a unique and definite "signature" perfume and meant for a confident woman who knows her own mind.I must recommend this scent to ladies who love LONG LASTING floral scents that are sensual and intense,without being too prominently clingy to or getting beneath your skin.it makes you feel very elegant in special occasions.

Sillage?Ok.

Longevity?Great on my skin.

7.75/10

I'm not a fan of floral fragrances but this one is definitely the best that I've tested by far.
When you spray this on your skin and start smelling it for the first time It's like walking through a mysterious gate in a desert middle of nowhere that teleports you right into a meadow in high heaven while you're surrounded with angels and billions of tuberose all over the place!
The opening is a very beautiful and extremely natural aroma of tuberose while you can smell the green feeling of grasses and also the earth beneath your foot and extremely fresh air of this meadow.

You just start walking and while you're walking you start breaking the tuberose stems and at the same time you can smell the green bitterness aura of their stems.
In the mid scent gets slightly sweet but I can also feel a bitter green aroma beside it that increases the natural feeling of the scent and as time passes it gets stronger and stronger.

In the base I'm still getting the same airy fresh tuberose smell but more bitter and more green also slightly spicy and kind of peppery.
The interesting part is while I'm smelling it, I can taste the green bitterness of it also inside my mouth which is a new and very strange experience!
An extremely natural and peaceful scent.
Projection is strong and longevity is 12 hours plus without any problem.
Genre: Floral

An absolutely gorgeous fragrance. This is sumptuous, seductive, and yet somehow chaste, with the slightly bitter tuberose perfectly balanced by the sweet ylang-ylang, orange blossom and white musk. All of this floral richness is cut with a subtle, but still sharp eucalyptus and some fresh green notes. Coconut is a very difficult note for me, but this is the most elegantly handled coconut I've come across. It's beautifully integrated with the softest, smoothest sandalwood you can imagine. Altogether, this is a soothing and contemplative scent that could easily send me into a state of reverie.

Carnal Flower is focused and somewhat linear until its creamy, musky, sandalwood drydown. I find it quite potent, with considerable sillage and projection. I originally purchased this scent for my wife, but she liked it much better on me than on herself! It took time to screw up the courage, but I now wear Carnal Flower comfortably in public. The austere aspects of the scent and its green accents make it more unisex than you'd imagine a tuberose scent could be.


Rich, charming and as the name fittingly states, "carnal" tuberose. Nothing "stunning", but surely a beautiful, bold and self-conscious fragrance.

7/10
Pure unadulterated tuberose at its best!
It is strong; parfum strength,but never too sweet or cloying.It has just the right amount of greenness and campherous notes to cut through the floral sweetness.

The longer I have it, the more versatile it seems to be.
However I love to wear it most on really hot summer days when it melts into the skin or on really crisp,sunny winter days when it seems to sparkle in the sun.

A very sophisticated white floral in my opinion.
Never seen before such a creativity effort on a niche white flower based fragrance, huge sillage and longevity btw	As far as I'm in love with tuberose fragrances and I really don't mind purchase and wear 'em whenever I fell like it (as I did with my beloved tubereuse criminelle ) , In this case this is to me just perfectly beautiful. It takes me on a different dimension and really connects me with the very concept behind this project, that I just want to contemplate it as you would do with a Michelangelo paint.It is quite expensive indeed, but sometimes you really shouldn't mind price when it comes to this quality.Pros: Dominique Ropion and Malle are just genious when put together, tuberouse is taken so far that you won't even call it just a tuberose perfume anymoreCons: Really, I can't find any negative aspect beside that could be very overwhelming which is a pros anyway IMO. Maybe too pricy? well maybe not
Sensual, ripe tuberose. If you haven't tried it, you should. I find it womanly, a very fleshy scent, but there is a case to be made for the right man to pull off the fragrance. It's quite strong, and doesn't settle into the drydown until a few hours after I've been wearing it. And even after that, it lasts several hours more. 
tuberose is perfect flower for scents, its strong, sweet and exotic, flower sent from heaven for women only :)
this here is the only tuberose scent that i know that could potentially be worn by men too!
it has this same quality of other FM(natural ingredients), smelling very naturaly, fresh and rich! jasmine and ylang yalng and eucaliptus make the difference with other tuberose scents!

reminded me a little bit of carolina herrera


Stunning. 10/10.  Masterpiece. 

I've always loved tuberose.  As a man (and acknowledging that fragrance molecules don't have a gender) I didn't think I could ever pull off wearing a tuberose-centric scent because they were always too sweet and/or screamed blinding white floral (hello Fracas!). 

With its bergamot and green-tinged edge (me thinks it's the eucalyptus) to keep the florals in check, a smidgen of coconut to soften and round things out (no worries, you won't smell like a tropical drink), melon and musk, it is perfection, bottled.  Dead sexy perfection. 

Men, if you're wondering if you can pull this off, the answer is "Yes. Absolutely."  The cost is a little high but in my opinion, it's worth every penny.  And you certainly won't smell like 10 other men you run into on your way to work.  Get yourself a sample.  You will not be disappointed. 

Update: 19 November, 2012: It's official. I'm an addict. A Carnal Flower addict.  I've been wearing it nonstop for a month now, neglecting every other bottle of fragrance in my relatively extensive (50+ bottles) collection. While I wear it for myself, receiving compliments (and inquires) from strangers every day is a nice bonus.  I rarely tell people what it is because I want to keep it all to myself.  Must. Acquire. Back up. Bottle.  And a jar of the 'beurre exquise'. Absolutely lovely. 


Oh. Oh....  Oh................ this is so lovely it's become my comfort perfume, the one I use after being disappointed by so many others.  It is simply beautiful, so different, so pure; it must be one of the best perfumes of the last 25 years. I put it on and I smile instantly; it's like being enveloped in tuberose cotton wool. I love its tenacity; so many modern perfumes just vanish from my skin. Nothing fruity here either, thank goodness; just jasmin and the wallop of that tuberose absolute with ylang ylang and orange blossom blending so sinuously, so sensually, making this a fragrance with no rough edges at all. The coconut-creaminess reminds me of gorse flowers. I didn't get eucalyptus and melon topnotes, but then, everything about this wonderful, wonderful fragrance is smooth, with no odd notes that appear 'trying to be different' or cool. I can really believe it took 2 years to create, you can 'feel' it. I found the scent deeply euphoric; it actually changed my mood. Everything in its place, perfectly balanced. Ropion must understand women down to their cells. I adore it! 
Carnal Flower opens with a beautiful, almost Eau de cologne-like opening blast of natural bergamot and mild citrus that is all too brief.  At that point the real floral assault begins with tuberose playing the starring role.  When I say assault I do not mean this in a bad way, but it is potent to be sure.  The base is a nice clean light musk that does not call attention to itself, mixing with the tuberose as it eventually recedes.  Projection is average to above average, but longevity is below average on my skin.

At first, the scent smelled very familiar to me but it took me a few hours into wearing it before I realized where I have either smelled it, or something similar to it before...  It was at one of the high end hotels in Las Vegas, where the scent of the casinos and guest rooms smelled of Carnal Flower.  Please do not take this as a slight to the scent, as it actually is a compliment...  That resort pumps scents like that into its money making areas for a reason...  It smells high class and incredible!  If you feel comfortable wearing non-rose florals, then this should definitely be on your buy list, IMO, as Ropion has another winner here.  On a lady in particular, I absolutely think this shines.  As for myself, I'll certainly purchase a bottle as the scent is definitely collection-worthy, but I generally would rather smell this on a lady than wear it myself.  I'll stick to rose scents for my own florals like Ropion's Portrait of a Lady.  Both scents are winners, however and this one earns 4 stars out of 5.
This is one of my new favorites. This is a serious scent with which you will make a statement - regardless of whether you wish to!

FM calls it a unisex scent. I agree, but you boys out there should know a few things. When it calms down it's definitely more unisex than when you initially spray it. The tuberose et. al. positively beat you with a bat upon application. This is a heady, heady, flowery juice. You will smell like flowers, and you'll need to be comfy with that! I definitely would NOT buy this without testing it first. And probably testing it a few times, at that!

I think it's fantastic stuff. Powerful. Distinct. Pushy. Gorgeous.
Thick, creamy, green, natural, vegetal, and completely enveloping. And it lasts forever! 
Pricey though...
It is official, I simply love tuberose. Such a yummy and softly note which express such a delicate idea. 
Right after the first spray I gotta a very evident jasmine note combined with a smooth and almost velvety 
tuberose note, but here in the opening this note is more like a vegetable(?) one if I may say, different from the creamy coconut vibe present since the begnning in By Kilian Beyond Love (which I adore, by the way). 

Through time the coconut note appears decreasing a little of that vegetable aspect of the tuberose in here and giving to this fragrance the creamy aspect that I love in Beyond love altough there are some differences between these two fragrances (but just a few ones).

Anyway, a solid well crafted fragrance that deserves praise! But will I consider a bottle of it? Maybe not since for me Beyond Love does a better job.
This  fragrance should not be judged quickly by anyone  since it reveals itself with time! ! ,Definitely UNISEX  & Definitely the  most green  rich and well crafted fragrance I have ever smelled.
This one hits!
If roses can shoot, then you find some in this bottle.
fits a multilayered personality, or when you're a bit unstable it will suit different moods.
Soft enough for a sofa flirt with someone you barely know,
complex enough for a difficult night out with a bunch of odd people
straight enough for professional encounters
spicy enough to party,
hard enough to hit.

the editions FM provoke...
in this case my appetite for seduction.

I have a tendency to write more often about fragrances I find fault with than ones I really like.  Why?  There's just more to say.  To get off my mind.  But at the risk of ending up with all my reviews being either neutral or thumbs down and looking like a curmudgeon or a crank I'm reviewing Carnal Flower a fragrance about which I can't say enough good things and so probably won't.  What praise has not already been heaped upon this wonderful perfume after all?  I got my first taste of CF at Barneys from an attractive SA who shot some on my bare arm.  Incredible.  Enchanting.  Deep.  Dreamy.  Enveloping.  A perfume that makes you close your eyes when you breath it in.  Is there anything bad that can be said about this fragrance?  A guy at work told me he smelled suntan lotion throwing a little shade on my perfumed reverie.  When I went back to Barneys to mooch another spritz from the attractive Frederic Malle SA I told her the suntan story.  "Uh...it's a little more sophisticated than suntan lotion," she said dryly.  She did smile when she said it.  The unisex question.  I've had guys tell me only a woman could pull off wearing it.  I've also had women tell me it smells to them like a guy's scent.  Makes me wonder if it's the suntan vibe.  I just won't wear it around my mother.
Many reviewers and fond of fragrances talk about the seductive and almost hypnotic power of the highly sensual and feminine flower of tuberose, element that we admired in Organza as in Amarige, in Fracas as well in Tuberose Criminelle and in many others creations around. This kind of tuberose, the Carnal Flower's tuberose, effectively is by now taking the world by storm because this is not a sort of already tested creamy/poudre or milky tuberose but on the contrary a sort of quite vegetable, sultry, camphoraceous and all at once animalic kind of scent with all its carnal contribute of eroticism and exoticism. The presence of starring tuberose is high in concentration and its combination with greens, eucalyptus, neroli, ylang-ylang, coconut, fruits and may be civet is tremendously warm and encompassing your senses. The sensual and voluptuous power of this fragrance is really impressive, almost edible (carnal), quality of raw materials  notable, projection is terrific. The initial whiff is quite green, yet exotic with its mellony and slightly orangy facets,  becoming in a while hightly projecting and aromatic because of a sort of camphoraceous and slightly balsamic temperament that is airy, slightly powdery and quite aromatic. This initially airy whiff quite soon evolves towards a violently sensual chord of neroli, ylang-ylang, coconut and towards a tuberose-jasmine link too erotic to be us not captured by. The final bed, being not kind of buttery but sort vegetal/green, as based on coconut and soft musk, preserves all the natural sensuality of tuberose and the raw green materials which bloom up in all their natural and carnal-animal power. One of the most visceral floral fragrances out there.
So interesting this Carnal Flower...and surprising. Such a unique green opening, unexpected. This is a fragrance that goes in it's own green direction with tuberose. 
More masculine than Fracas, but just as rich. There is no candy violet accord here, but still a touch of powder. This is a one of a kind, very nice. 
I am not a great judge of women's fragrances for sure. But I did check this out because it seemed so intriguing. First observation. A few drops on the back of my hand has me coughing and asthmatic. Second, I cannot fathom how anyone would find this a suitable fragrance for a man. Third, there is a suntan lotion vibe here, mostly because of the coconut,undoubtedly. 

Otherwise, I find this to be an amazingly potent, sweet, luxurious, but 2 note fragrance. It could be quite beautiful applied lightly and gently wafting off the skin of a beautiful woman. Because it is so purely floral and sweet, it is subject to over application, I would bet. Not sure how sexy I really find it. I need to sneak some onto an unsuspecting woman and see what I think. It is probably too floral for the women in my life.
This has to be the most rich, well crafted fragrance I have ever smelled in my life. If I only had one fragrance that I could wear for the rest of my life I think I would choose this one. The silliage on this frag is unbelievable and this was just a 5ml sample!! I will be ordering this this week. A MUST HAVE in any fragrance lovers collection whether you like florals or not.
Love this frag! tropical vibe, a lot of tuberose essential oil under control (may tuberosey frags fall in the buttery sweet category) and with the right amount of coconut, jasmine and eucaliptus to make it unique.

Good sillage and longevity. Too pricey though :(

One of the best nonetheless!
If many of the smells of nature are a kind of chemical chitchat between plants and animals, with Carnal Flower we are surely eavesdropping on a magnificent chorus. The beginning and end of this fragrance are a lavish ensemble of tuberose, jasmine and orange blossom, but there is also a green airiness to the whole thing, with an accord like sugar snap peas and a powerful eucalyptus note too, that ensures Dominique Ropion an almost messianic status for people like me who have been traumatised by their mothers wielding the tyrannically inconsiderate Dior Poison. The volume of Carnal Flower is unusually restrained for a tuberose scent (indeed I find it strange that Turin and Sanchez list Carnal Flower as one of their ten Best Loud Fragrances, along with Fracas and Poison) and the quality of the materials is exceptional. This stuff smells so good that it makes moot any questions about gender or occasion appropriateness, fiscal responsibility, or the need for prose. 
Someone says "money don't make the difference", but sometimes they really make it and Carnal Flower is here to confirm it. This is the most evident result of how expensive raw materials can do in perfumery: really good. A luxurious, rich and straght in the face tuberose / floral compisition for people who like to show off and know how to do it with class. This is a very dangerous territory that can easly cross the border of vulgarity, but Mr. Ropion has magistrally balanced Carnal Flower to become a sublime blast of opulence. Solid and beautiful.
This is a powerful floral that transcends gender specification and positions itself as a fresh, floral, warm weather scent.  At times it smells as if you are walking through a field of flowers, the scent is that identifiably natural.  If spring could be bottled, this is it.  It is a fresh flower smell that includes the pungent aroma of the stem, leaves, and even a bit of fresh laid soil.  It is certainly a fragrance that can be worn by anyone, at anytime.  But, it truly opens up in warm weather.  I received a sample in the mail on Saturday and ordered a bottle on Sunday.  It is certainly a profound, head turning, floral fragrance which is tough to not appreciate.
Yummm... 

this is... truly something. 












This fragrance is, quite simply, stunningly beautiful. It was love before l even opened the vial, as l could already smell the freshest of blooms coming from it. l was apprehensive about the eucalyptus note, but on my skin it just drifts in & out momentarily, serving only to provide a coolness & greenness to the star player, an incredibly fresh tuberose with its' stems & leaves intact. The coconut also plays a subtly supporting role, & l don't detect the melon at all. The sillage is very good but never overpowering, & it lasts for many hours. Wearing it makes me feel like a beautiful, rain-soaked flower all day. lt's very high quality, & despite the price this is firmly on my wishlist. Along with Fracas & Beyond Love, this is one of my favourite tuberose scents, & l think they are sufficiently different to make owning all three worthwhile! lt works in any kind of weather, & l would love to smell this on a man!
Oh, it’s beautiful, all right. A clean and pure floral note with tuberose in the lead and jamine in support—these are genuinely superb notes, and the artistic structure and refinement are impeccable. I don’t get anything but florals in the opening and I don’t get any coconut in the base. I get tuberose, jasmine, orange blossom, and musk. No doubt about it, it’s gorgeous. I find Carnal Flower very linear; that it doesn’t have a lot of sillage, and that it lasts…incredibly. Several reviewers have said that this fragrance can easily be worn by a man; I can agree with that because, on paper, it doesn’t strike me as being especially feminine, but from its performance on my skin it turns a little too much in the distaff direction for me to be comfortable with wearing it. Regardless of its gender direction, I’m no fan of florals on myself, but there's no getting around it: This is an excellent fragrance, and it certainly deserves a thumbs way up. 

Originally submitted 24 May 2007, Taiwan
Green, carnivorous, sun-warmed, creamy, camphoric, unisex.Like walking hand-in-hand with your favorite friend through the Hollywood Hills on a warm, balmy summer night when the air is heavy with white, night-blooming flowers.Carnal Flower captures all the narcotic, swoony beauty of a tuberose flower without smelling exactly or exclusively of one. 
First impressions my butt!  If you see my first review of Carnal Flower you'll know exactly what I mean.  But, I gave it another try, and I "got" it.  Well I didn't just get it, I fell dizzyingly in love with it!This is tuberose in all her shimmering glory.  All the notes you've heard about are there: the camphorous, chilling opening, the crush of living foliage threaded through the tuberose heart, the coconut quivering about the edges with a musk so crystalline "white" doesn't do it justice; more like platinum.Carnal Flower is more than a masterpiece, more than an icon.  It is pleasure in a bottle.  It is explosively gorgeous.  Carnal Flower is just perfection.
I was taking a walk the other day and was hit by a brief wonderful waft of fresh tuberose blooms. I wish the scent had stayed. My instant thought was Carnal Flower. Being a Fracas gal, at first Carnal Flower seemed tame and well behaved to me but it's gorwn on me over the past year into love . Dominique Ropion is a genius. Crisply cool slightly mentholated ,wintergreen opening - described accurately by many - like the inside of a florist's fridge .Fresh green dewy stems and then the tuberose opens up , lush and realistic - just like the tuberose flowers I smelt on my walk .I read that Carnal Flower takes about two hours to fully develop though it seems to take a much shorter time to reach 'full bloom' on me.It becomes a huge fresh bunch of tuberose flowers and it's happy, sunny, joyful. Sexy too ......like buttery warm slightly sweet/saltish skin. The coconut,melon and juicy fruit note are not too perceptible - they seem to be there to round out this perfume but never interfering .Once Carnal Flower blooms - it's almost linear which is fine by me. I just want the tubeorse to last and last with no interference!I find that lasting strength is average to good and sillage is moderate to good. This is not a monster tuberose to me and it turns subtly delicious- always there but quietly weaving its tuberose spell .There is no relation ,in smell or character, to Fracas which is so complex, sweet, slightly powdery and strong. Carnal Flower is a new classic. Thank goodness for Frederic Malle. 
This is some potent everlasting juice.  It's a bit on the tangy green side until it winds down a little.  But make no mistake, this is a massive floral bomb.  And it accomplishes this without being powdery.  Notes list citrus up on the top, but I don't get much of it.  Carnal Flower is devoid of fruitiness which is why I was testing it out, in the attempt to find pure florals.  The other florals I put this up against was Datura Noir, and Narcisse Noir.  Datura Noir is less loud, richer, smoother.  Narcisse Noir is higher pitched, more feminine, and ultimately more sexy to me.  Neither one can compete with Carnal Flower's nuclear lasting power.
Carrying the weight of a full green canopy, carnal flower shimmers near the forest floor, lit  to perfection by a bright pollen rich shaft of light it is a steamy moist, warm and lucious soliflore. Far from overbearing it gently draws you in and seduces. Absolutely dizzying yet easily approachable. A bit of a siren to be sure but respond to its heavenly song and you will be rewarded. Life affiming and Joyous you can't help but smile at its Beauty and its generous invitation to the party. In these terms gender seems immaterial. This is for everyone. Genius.
A dizzy and inebriating fragrance. Wearable for a man due to its subtle construction. Don't ask me how it can have great longevity,  sillage, opulence and still be subtle. Contact mastermind Dominique Ropion and ask him.Nevertheless, I think this works far, far better on a woman.Unless of course you're an androgynous rock star---see my review of Fracas.Did i mention that I like tuberose?
Stunning. Timeless. Elegant and 100% Feminine. The scent is called "Carnal Flower" but it should be called "A beautiful woman"One of the most beautiful floral fragrances ever made. By far the most lush, warm and powerful tuberose I have ever encountered!
WOW! Is there anyone out there who takes a sniff of CARNAL FLOWER and walks away less than impressed? No more than a handful I'll wager. Dominique Ropion has clearly brought out his A-game to bear on this one for this is a modern reference floral, albeit tuberose-centric with sinus-clearing property as a hidden benefit. Potent stuff! Btw am I the only one who feels it bears more than a passing resemblance to Caron Tabac Blond's amazing opening? I suppose this could be marketed as a unisex fragrance but as someone pointed out earlier, it's not something an average man would wear. Which suits me just fine 'cuz there's nothing remotely average about this scent. A showstopper.
Frederic Malle Carnal FlowerMost of the fragrances I wear I get them on the first wear and subsequent wears rarely expose something I miseed on the first sniff. There are far fewer fragrances that are much different depending on the temperature and yet are rewarding in both warm and cold. Then there are the rare gems which are ever changing kaleidoscopes of notes which seem to reveal different beautifully complex combinations as if by whim. I think no matter how many times I wear them I'll never figure them out completely. One of these gems is the 2005 release for Frederic Malle Editions de Parfum, Carnal Flower. Dominique Ropion has created an incredible tuberose centered scent that is easily worn by a man and will reward those wearings with one of the most beautifully textured scents you could wear. If you take a look at the note list for Carnal Flower it can be a little off-putting. If you think that a scent with things like melon, coconut and eucalyptus has to be an unblanced bit of craziness, no one could blame you. If it keeps you from trying this, that is too bad. From the top a little bergamot starts things off traditionally and it is quickly joined by the tuberose core of Carnal Flower. The description on the box boasts that Carnal Flower has the highest concentration of tuberose absolute of any fragrance and the intensity of the tuberose throughout the develpopment definitely shows this to be true. As the tuberose begins to come to the fore the first surprise is that note of eucalyptus as the camphor-like nature of that plays elegantly against the sweet floral nature of the tuberose. This beginning has felt different on me every time I wear this. Sometimes the eucalyptus seems like an equal partner and other times it seems like it is a grace note. As this moves into the heart the other problematic notes come into play as the melon and coconut show up but they are kept in check thorughout and are used as complemetary notes. Here the sweetness of both the coconut and the melon enhance instead of detract; as they do for me in so many other scents they are used in. The base is a mix of white musk and tuberose and the musk proves to be a perfect light partner. For something with this much tuberose in it it never rises to the level of seeming to be too-much on me. It stays at an appropriate level for a shared fragrance. Carnal Flower has excellent longevity and excellent sillage. Carnal Flower is just one of the best scents I own.
Yesterday I went to a local store that sells niche perfume lines with the aim of buying my wife an anniversary present. We married in our early twenties, and 16 years on we can afford to splurge on each other as life has been good to us.I tried out quite a few from Lutens, CdG, and Malle. I was all a bit ho-hum until I took a whiff of Carnal Flower. It rocked my world! This is just an amazing floral; one can only admire the quality and artistry of Carnal Flower. I get tuberose, jasmine, and orange blossom on a base of white musk. Identifying the notes is an intellectual exercise but with Carnal Flower it's just as important to simply state: "This smells amazing!".I was moved because through Carnal Flower I learned that beauty goes beyond gender.
The most potent fragrance. Should be called Sharper Flower. Also, gave me an instant headache. Thank God! Because i was thinking of getting this one as my only floral. Feminine....of course it is!
The opening - I recoil from my wrist - 2 stars - this is not the addictive cool clove of Tuberose Criminelle, something altogether spicier, more alive /5 minutes - it warms a little - 3 stars - a floral Fracasian bouquet - nothing extraordinary, would still turn to L'Artisan for my creamy tuberose fix /15 minutes - 4 stars - the green keeps it real, I am enchanted /After 1 hour, it is how I would imagine the scent of an idealised cactus - something cool and fresh in an unforgiving landscape, a thorny green opening cracked to reveal juicy red flesh.
A very good and realistically smelling incarnation of tuberose, for that I cannot give it any other than a thumbs up. Unfortunately tuberose is about all I smell and apparently I just don't care much for a tuberose soliflower fragrance.
Hello, lover!  The instant I opened the sample I was in drool heaven.  Buttery yummy tuberose-a flower yes but something nearly edible as well.  Even my father who is such a pill about perfumes and shakes his head over nearly everything I wear couldn't deny this one.  Every man I've asked couldn't keep their nose off it, they had to sniff my wrist again.  I said absolutely no, that I wouldn't pay this much for a fragrance...but something tells me I lied.  I hear ebay calling... 
Please God, let me be able to afford this some day. And yes, I am the straight man who would wear this. I tried to make my sample from Barney's last a month by taking little sprays on my wrist and huffing away at it at home like a guilty crackhead. I love it, I want it, and I want to give it to the woman I'm madly in love with. She may have to wait until I get mine, though, hee hee! The tuberose whacks you upside the head, and then while your'e reeling from that, the jasmine and freshly crushed green foliage notres drift in, the the tuberose comes back, and they sort of tug-of-war each other for a while, but tuberose is the Ali of flowers (a sexy, sexy Ali, mind you), and wins in the end. A damn masterpiece. This is the smell of sex to me in a floral, and perfectly named. Five million stars!
Carnal Flower is a stunning fragrance, a picture of the living flower in olfactory form. Anyone who's smelled tuberose flowers in real life will recognize the scent immediately.   Fairly linear, I find this fragrance consists mostly of tuberose, jasmine, coconut and rich green notes.     The latter, often identified as wintergreen or eucalyptus, are what really make this fragrance special to me. They add green depth of realism, and a freshness that reminds me of taste of snow peas.    Carnal Flower has good sillage and moderate longevity, but honestly, it's totally out of my price range.    There's been a bit of debate among perfumistas as to how "unisex" this fragrance is.    It smells like a flower. If that's okay for you, then you should feel comfortable wearing it whatever your gender is, as it's not perfumey in a traditionally feminine way. 
This must be my favorite white flower scent.  It's so beautiful, so impeccably crafted, that I immediately loved it.  Often I find tuberose heavy, headachey and cloying, but this is none of those things.  There's a thread of green running through it, and a sharpness that juxtaposes beautifully with the creamy white flowers.  Enchanting and exquisite.  
Wasn't expecting tuberose. Also wasn't expecting a good tuberose. Man I wish some ylang-ylang was in this (maybe there is!). I swear it would level the playing field for a truly floral bouquet for men. Excellent.
A beautiful, full, powerful fragrance that beautifully balances out its top and middle notes. Like smelling a bouquet made from 20 different flowers all at once.Great sillage and longevity but even though I generally have no problem wearing unisex and even some women's perfumes, this is just too floral for me.I find it hard to imagine a straight man pulling this off successfully.
I have to be honest, I tried Carnal Flower on two separate occasions at the Frederic Malle store (in their “smelling cabine”, no less) and did not find it to be anything special. Then I spoke with a friend who worships Carnal Flower and upon finding out that I had only smelled it in the air and on a paper strip, she made me promise to smell it on my skin and to that end, kindly sent me a sample. Well, mea culpa. Carnal Flower is exquisite and lives up to all of the accolades it receives. The funny thing is that while I “know” it is tuberose, it does not smell like the tuberose I thought I knew. Normally I find tuberose to be a bit offputting in a heavy/overpowering way. Carnal Flower, however, was refreshing and absolutely beautiful. Whilst sniffing, its shimmering beauty reminded me very much of its sister, Lys Méditerranée. In fact, I dare to say that Carnal Flower is the tuberose version of Lys Méditerranée but with a dollop of that white musk/“Coppertone sun tan lotion” smell thrown in for comfort. In any event, I am a happy convert to the shrine of Carnal Flower!
THIS IS TUBEROSE!  Carnal Flower is one of the most wearable flowers for men...not too sweet, it's actually quite stealth for a delicate flower!  In fact, I prefer this one on a man, and suggest Estee Lauder's Private Collection Tuberose Gardenia for a woman.  I would love to smell a groom wearing this CF (and his bride wearing ELPCTG!) what a garden wedding!

