I guess it smells like a musky cedar rose.  

At first I thought I smelt cloves, but that may be my default scent identification.

The bottle is very pretty.

I would not purchase this.

If someone gave this to me, I would wear it occasionally.


I smell a lot the lymphatic and aquatic flowers (peony first of all), some tart fruit and the sour-deep floral heart made of magnolia, muguet and rose. I'm able to distinguish all the floral elements in the wake, above all the starring muguet. The floral combination is extremely womanly, sophisticated and clean, it exudes indipendence and resourcefulness. The sophisticated floral heart is perfectly linked with the aqueous fruity-floral top and the outcome is something that reminds all the women's intimate care , the toilette's treatments, the washed skin and the cleanliness. There is something summery in the air, something refined and subtle, something soft and delicate (but stout and daring with a touch of culture and mystery). With time that touch of "over dosed" tartness starts to morph in something musky, slightly ambery and barely powdery that is still deeply floral (i catch even the starring muguet and the watery tart flowers of the top plus the citrus), cedary and basically sharp and cool. Still a temperamental fragrance in all its facets and versions this Chloe'.
When i bought chloe it reminded me of linen and cotton.
 After the initial application it smelled like expensive roses and turkish delight(a pastry). So far so good, but at the end all it leaves you with a a peach/apricot  note that is annoying to me.It is good for 2 hours but after that the apricot/peach sensation  is present until the smell dissapears alltogether. The body lotion and the deodorant are better cause the linen and cotton feeling lasts longer. I will not buy this perfume again cause it doesn't work well with my body chemistry i quess. The lotion is pretty interesting though!
This is a very pretty and young-oriented floral.  It has various soft flower notes, no one stands out for me.  It is sweet but not obnoxious or heavy.
There was nothing to dislike about this fragrance, yet nothing to make me fall in love with it either.

Chloe is a light, clean, pretty and feminine floral scent which is not offensive nor extremely unique. For the price tag it was dissapointing that this fragrance smelt like so many other cheaper fragrances.

I had actually first tried this fragrance earlier in 2008, when my perfume obsession had only just begun. At the time I thought this fragrance was divine, but after 12 months of writing reviews and smelling other fragrances, Chloe no longer appeals to me. 

I believe that your own personality will determine whether or not you like this fragrance. If you're a little like me and enjoy intense, unique and sexy fragrances which help you stand out in a crowd, then this fragrance may not be for you. However, if subtle, clean and pretty scents are your thing then this fragrance could be your next big winner.


This disappointed me. It smells like nice soap or talcum powder. I loved the original and this just doesn't have the appeal. Lovely bottle but shame about the scent !
Actually the bottle is amazing, the scent not. First you may find flowers attractive, but rose is too strong. I like floral but mostly white ones. And what remains on your skin after that, is not recalling you to smell it again and again. Very personal comment.If you are not  a rose type like me you may buy it for the bottle.
I wanted to love this so much! I saw an ad in a magazine and thought the bottle was gorgeous, but after testing it... There's something about it... I would have liked the fragrance a whole lot more, but it was kind of warm, plastic-y chemically. Maybe it's just me?
This new Chloe' is a potent lady!  It lasts forever on me and, I sadly admit, it can wear me down.  This Chloe is completely different from the original, and I'm irritated that KL didn't come up with a brand new moniker for this flower...even the color scheme leads one to believe they are related, but the geneology is in name only.  This new release is heavy on the peony & cedar.  I've recently learned that cedar comes to my nose in the form of "pepper" ~ and there's plenty here!  This one feels like a 1980's creation, big & bold.  I like to use the scented shower gel and lotion, they seem to be enough for my taste...adding the edp is for the brave only!  I have to give it a neutral, because over a couple of hours my nose tires a bit...it's not for the meek.
This one rates as neutral to me. As mentioned by others, the dry-down is really not too great, especially when compared to others like Versace Dreamer. This smells to me like those vanilla black and milds, and it gets much much sweeter smelling throughout the wear.

Also noting: I'm not sure if this is just a tobacco frag thing, or if this is Tobacco Vanille in general, but...: I've noticed that a lot of people, men and women, tend to complain about the tobacco smell. *I actually get "anti-compliments" from women on this one, from those in the 25-mid 30's range, so keep that in mind.

The only thing that keeps this from being a thumbs down, is it is sometimes soothing to wear this when I am alone/at night alone. It was really close to being a thumbs down, since this is a heck of a lot of money for something that I will not really wear in public..
Thumbs up for the 2007 version: very beast mode, 1 spray lasts 12 hours with longevity and silage, 12 more as a skin scent.  Sweeter, but not too heavy.

Thumbs down for the current version:  too heavy, tobacco leaf is too prominent, just smells cheaper or has less craftsmanship.

Either way, it is linear and can be cloying.  For my money, I'll take vintage D&GPH, vintage Dreamer, or try something else.  

Poor Tom, he tries soo hard.  But he never can make it across the finish line on his own team.  He played much better on other teams....
It’s the quintessential smoky vanilla, but it gets a bit over powering, and there are plenty of more subtle and alternatives now that offer something a bit more interesting, be it with a more floral, spicy, or woody vibe. Hemmingway, odd fellows bouquet, eau duelle, tabac rouge, aramis tobacco reserve, pure Havane, and, of course, Herod, to name a few.
Smells like pipe tobacco and vanilla. Pretty realistic pipe tobacco thing, which I like. A bit of booziness and a backdrop of, ?leather? It says woods, but smells akin to leather to me. But that is me analyzing. Really, in the air it is probably just vanilla pipe tobacco. As it dried it smelled better. The pipe tobacco seemed to stay true for longer than I thought it would, it didn't unravel. I like it, not love it.  The composition seems somewhat simplistic.  Some get crazy performance, others poor.  I feel like my experience was closer to crazy.  It wasn't the hardest projector, but was clearly smellable on my skin for 8 hours without having to bury my nose.  On a full wearing I would catch wiffs every now and again, which is fairly ideal.  On top of all this, it is stupid expensive, dropping its grade to a neutral.  
Tobacco Vanille (2007) is among the most talked-about of the Tom Ford Private Blend selections, and came out of the original lineup which also spawned Noir de Noir (2007) and Oud Wood (2007). Out of the intial Private Blend wave, Tobacco Vanille has the largest hype monster stalking it, which has certainly proven lucrative for Tom Ford, since many of the sales accounting for this one's success are from blind purchases, and for many this is not just their only Private Blend, but their first Private Blend, and also their first Tom Ford. There are even those for whom this is their only Tom Ford fragrance, even over the more-accessible signature range, proving the effectiveness of word-of-mouth advertising. Tobacco Vanille was also composed by Olivier Gillotin, a perfumer with a good portfolio and frequent Tom Ford collaborator, but also known for some strange and ineffectual fragrances for houses like Dior and the dubious Ed Hardy. Gillotin's heavy hand with gourmand and oriental notes works well here, but you have to like that sort of thing to find the appeal in Tobacco Vanille. As another hype monster on the tip of everyone's tongue, this one doesn't live up to the "endless compliments machine" description it's fans give it, but neither does Tobacco Vanille come across as disingenuous like hardcore niche fans who oppose it will tell you. I think Tobacco Vanille is okay, but maybe not worth the price, since it really feels like a purpose-made "smoker's fragrance" in how dense and single-minded it is about tobacco and vanilla, but more on that later. I also get a giggle out of the fact that the name is half English and half French, almost like Tom Ford just ironically uses the French language because France is such a fixture in the perfume world.

The scent opens with strait-up pipe tobacco, which shouldn't surprise anyone when sniffing. There's sort of an allspice melange going on too, and I can't tell what exact kind are swirling about, but it's very nutmeg and clove oriented. There's a tiny drop of mandarin too, enough to pull this in a sweet direction, but the tobacco still does most of the talking. Cacao joins a rich vanilla, exactly the kind one would expect in vanilla pipe tobacco, giving this the feeling of smelling everyone's uncle Chuck when he comes over to watch football with Dad. Tom Ford was going for an old English gentleman's club, but I'm not getting much of that vibe since there's no real dryness present. A boozy note surfaces in the base, but it's more like a cognac than something definitively English like gin, so once again, no dice on the mental imagery. For whatever reason, this is decidedly more French in spite of the advertising blurb. That sweet boozy note swirls around a fat coumarin tonka note, some dried plum, and a gaiac wood component which Tom Ford is fond of using. Parallels to Givenchy Pi (1998), Michael for Men by Michael Kors (2000), and Dior Homme (2005) can be drawn to Tobacco Vanille in the finish, and perhaps the later Dolce & Gabbana The One for Men (2008) took some cues from Tom Ford here. The dry down reduces the whole thing to the stifling smell of an original Black & Mild Tiparillo with hints of booze and woods. I used to smoke those, so it's not an association I like because I don't want to revisit, since perpetually smelling like you just finished a pipe is not the most comfortable feeling, especially if you no longer smoke.

The only real bit of hype that's actually correct about Tobacco Vanille is the strength. This stuff is indeed "beastmode" like all the gym-obssessed dating-app-using and GQ-reading corporate ladder "dudebr0" types say it is. But whether you're driving your Audi A4 to Gold's Gym for those "sick gains" or "kicking it my guy" with your homies after brokering a new merger, you won't need to have somebody hold your beer so you can reapply. This stuff is literally the gourmand equivalent to Joop! Homme (1989), and it's probably that very heavy tobacco, chocolate, and vanilla combo which is the cause, especially in eau de parfum form. This is sold as a unisex fragrance, but we all know that mostly guys yack to no end about this more than the ladies. It's decent, but a bit stuffy and rich for my tastes, and there are more dynamic options in this category for less, so I'll give it a neutral to be fair, but it's really just another victory for the hype monster, as sillage doesn't equal satisfaction, at least not to everyone. Best used in romantic circumstances or evenings, and cold weather. Noir de Noir is still my favorite from this line, but Tobacco Vanille would get a thumbs up for longevity and elegant simplicity if not for the cloying sillage, plus the fact that it's a tobacco scent which makes you smell like an actual smoker. Definitely sample before giving into the hype and buying, because the other notorious part about Tobacco Vanille is its often the most resold variety among the Private Blends, probably from all the blind buyers. Testing shouldn't be too hard, since Tom Ford sales reps will shove 4ml sprays of this into your hand just for making conversation with them. 
Tom Ford has a taste for bold accords with retro throwbacks, that is evident throughout the Private Blends range. Tobacco Vanille is an interpretation of the ambience of gentlemen's clubs, redolent of warm, aromatic pipe tobacco. Tobacco Vanille is an oriental, centred primarily around the two notes of tobacco and vanilla. A dramatic opening of spicy, sweet tobacco, very rich and even loud, sets off the proceedings. The note of tobacco here is abstract rather than photorealistic, while clove and other spices ensure it is wonderfully multilayered. This accord softens a little in an hour, as a vanilla comes more to the forefront of the composition. The vanilla is gourmandish, somewhat crude and a bit too saccharine. While it pairs reasonably well with the spicy tobacco, it also becomes the dominant accord on my skin as much of the complexity and nuances are lost. Tobacco Vanille is fairly linear thereafter, and overall possesses excellent sillage and duration. 

Tobacco Vanille smells very sophisticated and multi-layered on a card, but on skin it can appear somewhat rough - especially towards the dry down. What works in its favour is that here the composition has an initial edge, and the chief pairing of notes complement each other. The opening act of Tobacco Vanille is immensely arresting, but thereafter it can become underwhelming in the base. It may be argued that it might be a victim of its own success: it's perhaps hard to sustain or follow up on something so wonderful. One has to agree with Luca Turin here - Tobacco Vanille is a good fragrance, perhaps as a parfum d'ambience; but a bit doubtful as a personal fragrance, especially since it lacks in abstraction. I primarily attribute my neutral reaction to the calorie laden dry down; to some can be excruciatingly sweet. 

3/5
I much prefer Eau des Baux from L'occitane to Tobacco Vanille. EDB was released the year before and to me is just so much more wearable. It's more masculine and it's just not as cloying. TV is extremely well made, but for my tastes it's just too sickly sweet in the same way JPG Le Male is. TF Tuscan Leather is definitely more my style and deserves all the praise...
and then some.
A very accurate tobacco scent. If you want to smell like a jar of moist pipe tobacco, by all means. Not a bad scent, just not for me. 

(EDIT 11/27/17) I’ve done a complete 180. This scent has a fantastic quality about it. Warm, comforting, a great winter scent. 
This comes quite close to the sweet vanilla scent of the jar of tobacco in your tobacconists window.  That tobacco is, however, covered in artificial vanilla flavoring and doused in propylene glycol.  This also has a baby powder element that doesn't work well.  It isn't off-putting, but it stands apart from your body chemistry, like a piece of clothing.  Not worth the price, and there are better examples of this genre.
My second tom ford trial after Tuscan leather. This is a solid fragrance but I feel for the price a little lacking. For much less price you can get some great tobacco scents i.e. Varvatos vintage which for a designer is unique and the tobacco smell goes on and on. The vanilla in this ford is rich and smooth though, like the really good stuff we used to by in Puerto Vallarta. Again, good but I lacking the zing you would expect at the price point.
I've wavered a ton on this one. It gets a neutral review because I've never really disliked it, I just haven't consistently loved it. My major complaint is that, at least on my skin, the tobacco doesn't stick around long enough to provide balance to the sweet notes. I asked my S.O. what she thought an hour after I'd applied and just got a "nice, it smells like cocoa." That's cool, but not really $200+ cool.

The deal breaker came toward the end of my sample. My FiL kept remarking in amusement that our daughter smelled just like her Cabbage Patch doll. (I don't know if this was always a thing, but in the modern era Cabbage Patch dolls come coated in some kind of chemical sweet powder scent that I find pretty off-putting.) It was really strange, because the Cabbage Patch doll lives at our in-laws', and my FiL had first commented right when we arrived. 

As I'm sure you've guessed by now, it turns out that my daughter actually smelled like the TV that had rubbed off of me when I was carrying her. If $200+ isn't gonna fly for generic cocoa, I'm definitely not paying it to smell like a Cabbage Patch doll. (In fairness to TV, I don't think it shares the chemical aspects of Eau de Cabbage Patch.)

I did not find this frag to be the behemoth of projection or sillage as many have noted, either. Moderate at best, though my skin tends to be pretty thirsty across the board.

Overall, I'd give it a 6/10. YMMV with the tobacco. If straight sweet appeals to you, it's probably worth a sample.
Great fragrance at a ridiculous price.  L'Occitane's Eau des Baux smells nearly identical  to TV and it costs a fifth of the price of TF.  But if you need to have the intrinsic value of owning a bottle of TF, you can feel good that it's a very nice scent.

Neutral, due to the unreasonably expensive price.

&#932;&#959;&#959; Strong!! I wouldn't recommend it to individuals younger than 30 years old. In fact I'd suggest 50+ year old men to buy this. It's very spicy and gourmant. 
The opening is one of my favorite openings of any of my colognes. I love it. The problem is that it then turns into a strong vanilla scent without enough tobacco. The only thing that keeps this from being a 10 is the dry down. This is something I wish they would actually reformulate to include a stronger tobacco note throughout. 
I'll start with the positives.. First off the vanilla note in this fragrance is lovely, reminds me exactly of the vanilla note in Noir de Noir and for me the longevity and projection was excellent. I applied a small amount of this (can't say exactly because it was a splash sample and not an atomizer) but it was only a 0.5ml sample and I applied around a 5th of that. It was still going strong when I decided to have a shower 9 hours later.  For me this is where the positives end, the spices in this are just completely overwhelming. When it was first applied I felt like I was getting a spicy/sweet tobacco and I was happy with it as I thought this was going to dry down into a creamier vanilla but that spices just never left the whole day, whenever I kept getting a whiff all I could think about was that spices! Just completely overwhelming and not what I was expecting. It actually ended up giving me a very sore head, it was that strong.

I actually wanted to give this a negative review when I'd finished with it but I figured that I couldn't whilst  the projection and longevity were so good. Somebody who actually likes this scent would have a great fragrance on their hands but personally I just couldn't stand it.
I can very much understand the love for this.

But to my nose the spice is just too agressive, I wish it would be more creamy vanilla mixed with pipe tobacco (as the name suggests) but the spice kills it for me (I can literally feel it burning at my sinuses).

I think the cloves just went insane on my skin, and that is all I coudl smell the whole way through.

It does calm down a bit over time, but that overpowering spice is still there.

Has to be neutral from me, but I really did want to like this one.
I enjoy layering TV with Tobacco Oud to round out the sweetness of the Vanilla. Very nice pipe tobacco that is expertly blended, hence the $$$. 

A little goes a long way here so buy with confidence. Neutral rating as I just have a hard time wearing this one other than on an evening with very cool weather.

3.5 stars.


This is a lovely scent, however the price is far too high and amounts to extortionate. It is one of those fragrances which are worn close to the skin. Its projection id poor. Very Poor. You have to be within 6-10 inches to smell it. So maybe a Valentine frag. Having said that you will probably be short for a meal out after having shelled out for this!  It reminds me on mother making a cake and father smoking a cigar. 
The opening was cinnamon, vanilla and a pinch of cherry tobacco, then just cherry vanilla and a hint of cinnamon. Lasts a long time though

I really wanted to love this but I don't want to smell like Dr. Pepper all day
Opens like smokey vanilla extract, then settles into a sharp vanilla. It's not a bad sharp, and in a way is pleasant. But it's too simple of a start and end for me to want to buy it.  I don't see the fuss!

TL;DR: Too simple of a combination for me to love.  Longevity is nice, though.
This is amazing when it first goes on and the tobacco is big and bold. Within an hour or two the tobacco pretty much is gone and you are left with vanilla and cedar.  That stage lasts a long time.  It's nice, but this is done better elsewhere I think.
Less "Vanille" Please

	A gourmand with a couple of tattoos, Tobacco Vanille begins harmoniously enough: high quality spicy tobacco with a heavy dose of sweetness underneath.  The delicious tobacco fades too quickly, and one is left to decipher the muddled base for the remaining seven hours of the scent's life; there is some vanilla in there to be sure, along with some tonka, and perhaps some cocoa.  These notes are poorly misused in the scent, and create a sticky confection potent enough to make the pillsbury doughboy gag.



	Projection and longevity are slightly above average.



	2.6 out of 5

Pros: Great opening
Cons: The drydown is obnoxious"</p>
Very surprised by the 88 positive to 12 negative reviews..
I get 1 hour of Tobacco and 8+ hours of platics-y, ultra synthetic vanilla. 
I much prefer the creamier varities of vanilla, but that of TV smells like I melted a plastic toy made from vanilla and smeared it over my skin.
Projection bomb on me- NO
Longevity monster- NO, 12 hours sometimes less which is above average.
I go 4 sprays and some rec 1.
Is it a masterpiece or complex- NO
I give it a 8/10
I so wanted to love this, but I am not a big vanilla fan. Sure, I know it's right there in the name and all, but I was hoping for more tobacco and less vanille!

The top notes are nice with a green tobacco leaf, spice, amber and vanilla. But after about half an hour I don't smell anything but powdery vanilla. If you love vanilla, this is your scent! 
I wanted to like it... The Top Note was nice... Tobacco was apparent.  But at dry down, the Vanilla became overpowering.  Smelled like a woman's cologne... a more sophisticated "Vanilla Fields"  It has longevity, but I had to bury my nose in my wrist to smell the tobacco that I was looking forward to. Don't wear it in hot humid weather... but it would work at a church desert social.
Hypnotic Poison (1998) was almost like an omen with the way it was released 13 years after the original controversial Dior Poison (1985), and sufficiently "cleaned up" the primary accord of the original to be something mass-appealing. Hypnotic Poison isn't the first flanker of the iconic original, as that honor goes to Tendre Poison (1994), but that green-focused variant didn't survive the changing times quite like the first version or this iteration, so a lot of people don't remember it. If the Jean Guichard-penned original seemed way too aggressive and out of place in a late 90's perfume market full of beige masculine freshies and sweet gourmand feminines, this new Annick Menardo-composed creation was just the fix Dior needed to keep relevant, furthered by the fact that the animalics and indolic florals in the recent new pillar Dune (1991) were almost seen like dinosaurs in an emerging synthetic era of perfumery. I'm not particularly a fan of what's going on under the hood of Hypnotic Poison, but I can understand why this equaled, then surpassed the popularity of its namesake pillar. Hypnotic Poison presents itself as a sort of bready gourmand floral with sweet bakery elements on top of a scrubbed and pared-down version of the original Poison's core. 

Hypnotic Poison is nowhere near as complex of a perfume compared to the original, but it neither does it try to be as serious. A smell almost like almond flour opens Hypnotic Poison, joined by caraway and lemon, creating an accord similar to the Dutch sugar cookies we sometimes get around Christmas time. From this very confectionery-like introduction comes sweet jasmine sambac mostly scrubbed of the indole, and a hit of an oakmoss/tonka tandem, giving Hypnotic Poison almost a Fougère-like interpretation of the signature Poison aesthetic, freed from the dark macerated fruit elements. There is something of an inferred cherry accord thanks to the almond, but once the rich base comes into the picture, the fougère comparisons fade while vanilla, white patchouli. musk, amber, and rosewood form an oriental base. Hypnotic Poison stays mostly in its gourmand lane from there on out, with the oriental riff underneath preventing the final skin scent from being too sickeningly sweet but still a bit too warm and wholesome for my comfort. I see why Hypnotic Poison was a breakout hit in the 90's, as it tapped perfectly into that bubbly "valley girl" feigned naivety that was popular at the time, and parodied by films like Clueless. Wear time is all day and although this doesn't have the frighteningly never-ending sillage of "OG" Poison, it can actually get cloying more quickly if you're within its field of effect. 

If you like almond fragrances, sweet creamy gourmands, or anything that is generally pleasant and inviting, Hypnotic Poison is your perfume. Almost at the opposite end of the spectrum from  Poison, this flanker seems to be more of the deceptively disarming type of succubus versus the dark, terrifying-yet-beautiful she-demon that is the original. The person who wears Poison wants you to know they mean business, but someone using Hypnotic Poison would rather sneak up on you after setting you at ease. It's just not a vibe I like because if you had given me a sample of this without showing me the bottle or the name, I'd just assume I was smelling another late 90's or early 2000's gourmand and would just wave it on, but this thing carries the Poison mantle for crying out loud! Still, Hypnotic Poison can obviously go places that regular Poison cannot, like to work or to casual events, but I'd still avoid warmer weather, even more with this one than the first due to the baked cookie opening. Give this a test if the old grande dame that is Poison just comes across as too much to take, although you're not getting a whole lot of what made that scent so unique here, but rather just a slightly-spicy toasted almond gourmand riding on the back of something else's reputation. It's not bad, but once again, I can't really get behind it. Solid neutral. 
A sweet and chewy balsamic version which is still recognisable by the distinctive top note, but here - with the brilliant audacity of the original toned down - Hypnotic becomes less Poison and more of a gourmand 'sent bon.' Some will no doubt think that's a good thing...

***
Almond and deep vanilla.  The reformulation isn't horrible but it lacks the spicy, interesting punch of the original.  Better than most of the candy vanillas on the market today, but not full bottle worthy at full price.

Lasts for hours, but on me, becomes a skin scent in about 45 minutes.
I was excited to try this fragrance in the line of Poisons.  I saw many positive reviews, but for me it was too deep in the almond and woody notes, after wearing it for awhile I really became really annoyed with the smell and scrubbed it off.  I love, love, love, Pure Poison though, which is more floral and tangy with a hint of warmth. 
I can see how others might like the of the warm, almond(ness) of the fragrance, just not my style.  Definitely sample it first, I read it was supposed to have a heavy jasmine fragrance and I love jasmine, however I didn't smell much.
My mom liked the fragrance and my husband thought it was o.k.
Almond and vanillaAlmond is the main top note on my skin, with caraway a nice counterbalance. Jasmine,musk and vanilla are the core of the drydown that gives it a nigh oriental character.  Three hours of longevity.  Not uninteresting and not too heavy or loud.
Try before you buy!After all the talk about Hypnotic Poison, I had to try it. I am not a huge fan of the Poison line - it's not an impressive mix with my chemistry - but I love Orientals, vanillas, and most gourmand scents, so I ordered a sample. It lasted approximately 5 minutes before I couldn't smell it. So disappointing! It is also not "deep" enough to satisfy my taste, although I can see how it would be a popular scent. This would be a safe blind buy for a friend or relative who loves vanilla but already has everything; for the price, they'll appreciate it even if they already have some. Personally I wouldn't spend the money; there are many better perfumes with staying power and sillage (this has none). After 15 minutes, there is nothing left. Glad I didn't buy a whole bottle!Pros: Decent vanilla scentCons: Lasts about 5 minutes, there are better perfumes for less $$"
Julie Andrews	In 1980 I was asked by a colleague not to wear Opium to work. Poison and its flankers were a 'no fly zone' as a result. Recently I asked my gorgeous 30 something hairdresser what her favourite perfume was and she said it was Hypnotic Poison. It features massively in the Basenotes thread that goes something along the lines of 'most complimented fragrance' for women. In my recent travels I have availed myself of HP at every duty free and department store counter that I sashayed up to. I can only salivate as to what the pre-reformulation brew must have smelt like, the existing nectar left me wanting more depth, more punch. It is nice though and would make a lovely gift. Not bottle worthy in my estimation, but I'm an old chypre sister. I would rather wear Lolita Lempicka, another Menardo creation, if I had to choose.Pros: Sweet, inoffensive, girl/boy from next doorCons: No staying power
not absolutely horrid - but smells too much like root beer for my liking
(Golden rim version)
Vanilla strikes immediately. I can't detect any fruitiness or bitter almond, but the caraway note is distinct. HP has an interesting character but it is on the heavy side and on the verge of giving me a headache. I like the warm wood note (apparently sandalwood) at the base, it kind of reminds the smell of a sauna. 
Sweeeeeeeeet vanilla pudding, with perhaps a pinch of cinnamon or nutmeg, & a little burnt sugar. This is much too sweet even for me; l prefer Dior Addict for a sweet-spicy kick with a dark side.
I'm not usually a fan of sweet scents but this one was balanced with just the right amount of bitterness, making it not overwhelmingly sticky/nauseating. It is a tasty wintry treat of a scent, at least in the beginning. However, I find this scent to fade in an unpleasant way. Once the bitter almond fades, what is left is an overly sticky, vanilla-y mess.Love the beginning, hate the end. 
Almond cookies frosted with coconut-scented sunscreen. Not horrible, but a bland, linear, and very banal gourmand riding on a vanillic tide.What does this have to do with the original Poison!? That's only thing mysterious about this fragrance
Spiced almond woods. Interestingly gourmand but really not that special to me. Slightly resinous and has the same wet textures as foudn in the other perfumes Annick Menardo has done namely Lolita Lempicka and Body Kouros. Just a tad too nutty to really like a lot but would be great for a lady that like the warm scents for the cool wheater days.
I'm really not sure about this.  My first thought was that I have dryer sheets that smell very similar, although not as strong.  My second thought was that it was stomach turningly sweet.  I am sitting here a little sick while it swirls around me in such a cloying way.  That was two little squirts from a sample vial!  I know so many people love this and I think I could see this working well for some one else.  I can see how it could be viewed as yummy-it is very gourmand with the powdery almonds, vanilla and all.  I'm sure after it drys down a little bit I will enjoy it more.  But right now I am fighting the urge to go jump in the shower.      
This was my first fragrance that I purchased mainly because I fell in love with the bottle and thought that I fell in love with the fragrance. Alas, I wore this for a week and then was forbidden to wear it again by friends and family.  It was just too synthetic and overpowering even with one spray.  It makes me think of the witch from Snow White.  She would wear something like this. Something rich, enchanting and evil.
The note pyramid doesn't hit the target for me, except maybe for tonka and an amber that is decidedly vanilla.  This perfume smells gourmand to me, like a creamy, vanilla, coconut, praline pudding underneath some tart top notes that were ambiguoulsy citrus--even though only bergamot is listed--along with lavender and mint, which are rather incongruous with vanilla.  I  can't say that I like it much.  I do like the flanker, Burberry Brit.  That one greatly pleases me for no easily explainable reason.  
This is a rather hard to find fragrance due to it being listed under so many different names eg. Burberry for Women, Burberry Classic, Burberry London etc. When I eventually found it I had my fingers crossed that I hadn't been searching for something that was going to be a disappointment.

Disappointed, I was not. Crazy about the scent? No, not really.

This fragrance is light, creamy and warm. Unlike other Burberry scents, I felt that this fragrance stayed very close to the skin, making it an intimate perfume. When I smell Burberry Woman I immediately think of a hot sunny day, so I'd most likely wear this during the warmer seasons.

The peach, apricot, pear and black currant add a fruity freshness to this scent without making it too sour or overpowering. This is actually a fruity opening that I rather enjoyed.

I don't get a lot of jasmine in this fragrance, however the musk is fairly strong. Overall the scent is comforting and suitable for any age group, but with that being said this fragrance didn't grow on me because I found it rather linear and common.

It's not the best perfume choice if you're looking to stand out from the crowd. Burberry Woman is friendly and casual, not sexy, romantic or outstanding.


I wish I still liked this perfume. I used to wear it to the office every day, but I now find it too cloying. Maybe having a couple of kids has changed my sense of smell. 
I actually liked how this smelled when I purchased it at the Duty-Free in the airport over Christmastime.  But, after attempting to wear it regularly, I found it much too sweet and too boring, especially for the price tag.  On my skin it smelled like little more that a very sweet sandalwood and amber and pretty much stayed that way for a long time.  It definitely has great longevity.  However, I like the scent when it is not used on me.  I spray it in the bathroom and on my sheets sometimes and it smells very good for both those purposes.
Every year retailers put out Christmas decorations and merchandise earlier and earlier.  Walking through the fragrance section at Saks the day after Halloween, I smelled this wonderful holiday smell as I noticed the store was already decorated for Christmas.  The smell turned out to be a Jo Malone candle of Pomegranate Noir.  Being curious I noticed the line included a PN fragrance, so I gave it a spray to the wrist.  Right on queue, I got the same spiced fruit scent that I had detected in the shop candle.  To describe the fragrance, it's simply a holiday spice fruit that isn't gourmand or overly sweet, so it's ultimately wearable.  There's a little bit of wood and patchouli underneath, but it's fairly light.  I could detect it close to my skin for about 4 hours.  Nice, but not exactly my style, so a neutral and a pass for me.
On my skin this opens with pungent fruit and spice (mainly clove). I like this part, it's almost a medicinal scent.
Unfortunately it soon dries down to a syrupy sweet fruity note minus the clove and remains there.

Genre: Woods

Pepper and fruit - is it the mutant offspring of Piper Nigrum and Millesime Imperial? No, not with that transparent incense and dark leather drydown. No mentholated cold remedy here for me; just a series of novel accords that keep me guessing right the way through. 

I have to agree with Qaurry: this ranks with Cuir d'Oranger as one of the most pleasant fragrance surprises I've had in quite some time. Unisex in my opinion, and though it's not long lasting (4 hours tops) it is surprisingly potent for a cologne strength fragrance. I suppose I'll have to buy some in the fall...

...Six months later: my initial enjoyment of this scent has faded. I've come to find it overbearing and oppressive. While its novelty is undeniable, I don't like the mood it puts me in.

I used to love this and wear all the time and then an ex boyfriend of mine when we were dining out said lets move i can smell the disinfectant from the loo.........then realising when we had moved it was this perfume.... he was dumped and i have never worn it since but did love it!!
Really dark or better "incensey noir". This fragrance doesn't introduce the kind of accords i use to love and before testing it i tended to figure that the  smell could  be to much fruity or like fruity candy's juice full of colorants. Thanks God it doesn't happen with this concoction that is finally centralized on the main notes of frankincense, pepper and patchouli with some fruity aftertastes in the middle of the mist.  Obviously the initial fruity accord of plums, pomegranate and wild berries turns out slightly viney and a  bit crude but the intromission of dark patchouli, pepper, nutmeg and incense produces since the beginning a sort of enigmatic, medicinal, aromatic and dusty aroma that with the walk of time slides towards a more balanced woodiness with some edible fruity aftertastes swirling around. The outcome is something meditative and slightly ancestral.
With notes of clove, pumpkin, and persimmon, this seems like a scent to use in the fall, especially around Thanksgiving.  Aggressive and rather pungent, there isn't much subtlety here.  Someone described it as "linear" - the scent never changes from splash-on to fade-out.  Long-lasting.
Very nice and opened my eyes to how cool pomegranate can be, but it draws attention to itself just a little too much. Worth trying for sure.
Very, very nice opening. Though it doesn't smell precisely like pomegranate, it does a good job emulating it. Dark, woody fruits is really it. However, it fades out after about an hour but during that hour it's really nice.
Like Coastfansocal, I got the hint of Vick's Vapor Rub, but not all that much camphor.  I did not get the cedar chips in the hamster cage, but after a couple of hours, it has subsided and I can get some smoothness.  Redhot candies, maybe that is what it might be on some.  But I do say that the scent is not one to throw away after your first wear it.  Have to give it some wearing, maybe like a Piper Nigrum.  Many scents, I can tell from first sniff I won't like them, and those that have vanilla or powder, easily get tossed.  Not so.  This is my first Jo Malone sample to test, and while I tend to think this line gets less favored status, well, this is well made.  I am going to give this a neutral, as I do not dislike it, but that Vick's Vapor Rub at first gets me.  Now, someone remind me to come back and revisit this fragrance.
Looking at the profile and notes of TN29 I knew instantly that it was for me. I'm a giant fan of fresh/spicy/gourmand/ozonic/balsamic (I know,I know) frags so rather than waste my money on yet another beautiful dud that lasts 4 seconds on my skin (I'm looking at you, Santal Royal/Oud & Bergamot/Terre d'Hermes) I thought I'd get a decant off eBay. Which, by the way, was everything I was hoping for: lush, juicy fig, a breezy but definite tea note, incensey, warm but exhilarating. And it lasted hours and hours and I knew I'd found my new signature as Royal Oud is proving too expensive a habit. 
Fast forward to ordering a full bottle. Even as I opened the stopper my heart sank. It smelled thin, watery and stank of disappointment. It lasted all of 15 minutes on me. I sold the bottle on eBay a few days later. So my question is this: was the decant from the 2016 bottle 'off' or had it matured beautifully? Should I have waited three years for my bottle to develop?! Or am I anosmic to all the scents i love? So infuriating.
The Noir 29 is a remarkably polished and alluring blend of fig, tea and an accord that hints at a dry, dark rose. It starts off with a citrus laced accord of fig and black tea, airy and radiant. There is a hint of rose, and I perceive minimal musks; I don't detect any hay or tobacco. It's translucent but persistent; I smell a lot of synthetic woods in the dry down. There is a passing hint at Cartier's Declaration d'Un Soir, but The Noir 29 has more dimensions. It has an unusual freshness, is quite clean and crisp, and has surprising sillage with good duration, based on a moderate application. It is dressy, and perhaps more suitable in cooler weather. 

I loved The Noir 29 the first time I wore it, but thereafter realised a problem; the perfume is too sharp for me because of the synthetic notes, especially what I perceive to be woody-ambers (even though I don't find it ambery). This is even more surprising since I love and wear a fair number of perfumes that are too sharp/synthetic for many, such as Portrait of a Lady and the aforementioned Declaration d'Un Soir. The sillage of The Noir 29 is very elegant on someone else, and this is definitely complimented upon by others, based on personal experience. However, it becomes too jarring for me when I wear it; which is a little sad, since I like the scent. 


3/5 
For me, this scent was too intense and robust even for an evening scent. Others seemed to like it on me. But, after an hour of wearing it outside on a hot day it, it remained overpowering and cloying. It did not mellow or complicate as I'd hoped it would.
It reminded me of a beautiful yet melodramatic woman who must always be the center of attention. 

That said, there was something intriguing behind the Look At Me! shouting. I might like it if I blend it down to 1 or 2% strength and apply it very judiciously to avoid overwhelm. Even the lotion was trop fort.
This smells alot like Rose 31 to me, but I think that's on purpose.  I remember reading somewhere that Noir 29 takes from Rose 31 and then combines with other notes, almost like a flanker.  Could be wrong there but also see on FN that it gets compared to Baie Rose 26.  I like the smell of this and tried to pull it off as a guy but I think I'd like this better if I smelled this on a female that happened to pass by. Summary, it smells good, just not as versatile as I thought it should be for a unisex frag.
Its got a sweet ambroxy vanilla mint thing going on.  It is gaudy in bottle and scent.  It really does smell quite good, and people like the smell of it in general.  Good lasting power and powerful projection.  Feels juvenile and unrefined.  
Versace Eros

Well not much I can say about this one. 

Pleasant smell, fresh... People pleaser. 
Not to complex. Dries down from Minty Apple... To a nice Vanilla base sweet Tonka base. 

Overall Scent 5-10
Longevity 5-10
Sillage 5-10

Around 8hrs with good 2hr progection
I can't seem to get past the fluoride mouthwash vibe from the synthetic mint aroma molecule. I've heard others say Eros gives them a headache but this has not been my experience. Versace Eros is a good sweet, creamy vanilla fragrance however I do not find it designer quality. Good performance, but definitely not worth the price. I would wait for it to show up at discounters if you really feel the need to add this to your collection. The quality is not there. If you want sweet and creamy without the mint, you can purchase CK Reveal Men or Mont Blanc Individuel for around $20. 
If the metallic notes weren't so pervasive, this would be more wearable. There's quite a bit going on, but the more warm, subtle pieces seem to get lost on me. Would be ok for a club or date night, but then so would most any cheaper, generic fragrance. The base notes are nice, but by the time I get there, I've had enough. Too strong for my taste.
Eros opens with a fresh and minty accord (apple, mint, citrus) surrounded by the usual metallic-ozonic notes, however supported by a pleasant and slightly less predictable (for this type of scent) base of warm, rich, aromatic spicy-woody notes (tonka and cedar above all), sweet and quite “round”, perhaps due to tobacco and/or patchouli dusted with vanilla - the “uncommon” side is that these notes smell actually good and solid, more than the average in mainstream scents. I smell a couple of “niche” nuances here, for example the ambroxan note which provides a “modern” feel of dusty grayness (quite reinforced by aldehydes) – not far from several niche products of the recent years. Also, another “niche” factor to me is some of the contrasts this scent is built on – the tart-mint head opening and the almost gourmandish base, which is quite sweet, warm and resinous, and smoky too. Overall it smells safe and crowdpleasing, but if pay attention and smell it more carefully, it’s not as common as it may seem. And it’s definitely decent. Plus, Eros has also an unexpectedly nice evolution too: instead or remaining identical and just getting drier and lighter, it gets softer, warmer, more resinous, actually more pleasant as hours pass, once the sharp metallic-zesty opening fades away. I’m wearing it since a couple of hours, and now is remarkably better than before. Nothing great and nothing new, but not bad and not (too much) boring. 

6,5/10
A better version of Chanel Allure Extreme. It has more of everything and doesn't pretend to be a flanker of a flanker of blah..blah..blah. There's a little more of everything and but ultimately it's a loud and pretty obnoxious fragrance. Fits right along side of 1 Million as a clubbing or attention fragrance, but does it with a bit more of a synthetic quality. This is sweet, but from the reviews I was expecting along the lines of cotton candy sweet which it isn't. No bad really, but it's an acquired taste.
Too sweet, can't imagine smelling this on a man...
I didn't expect much when I blind bought Eros

a pleasant surprise - the bottle and packaging is a stunner; but the scent is even more intriguing. Granted it's not something that you would say 'masterpiece' or something similar - but it do smelt good. Eros is a good blend of vanilla and tonka with addition of mint; it would remind you of any sweet scent because it IS sweet, but doesn't mean that any scent smelt like 1 Million.

Eros smelt odd even for sweet fragrance; initially I felt disturbed by Eros scent but lately I found that Eros have moderate to good projection (which mean less offensive for most people) and great longevity (it stays in skin for 8 hours - a record for me!) definitely better than Versace Pour Homme

All in all; a good fragrance if you want something for close-counter fragrance in club, it smelt nice and draws compliment especially in the drydown
Overall: 2/5
Sillage: 2/5
Longevity: 3/5

Good if you wake up one day wanting to smell a bit like citrus, greens, sun, and sea-breeze. Definitely perfect for a summer scent.

Safe and inoffensive, but has a distinct smell that you know everyone else has smelled like at one point in their life.

Dries down to an almost powdery, yet citrus scent for me, but before it settles, it's mostly a salty and citrus scent that just won't have me reaching for it.

Decent sillage with above-average wear
The opening presents a pleasant citrus-based mix, with a fruity underpinning.  Pleasant but quite nonspecific.   The drydown is more floral, with jasmine a definite component, but a pleasantly discreet green touch is coming and going also. 

The base presents woddsy impressions blended with white musks. 

I get moderate sillage, adequate projection and a very decent seven hours of longevity on my skin. 

The opening is quite agreeable, although a touch subdued and the citrus not very vivid or bright. The rest of this spring scent is rather generic and pale overall.  In total - mediocre. 2.5/5. 
This was the favorite scent of one of my ex-boyfriends and it's a pretty unisex fragrance. I associate it with how most Americans want to smell, "clean". It's a very sporty, "shower-fresh" kind of smell. No musk, no spice or wood. Just very light citrus and floral. Nothing bad about it, but it's what most people smell like these days.
Essence of meh. Half-arsed slightly rancid citrus over equally half-arsed woody amber-ish base.  Best I can say for it was that it was gone in half an hour. 
The opening notes of apple lemon are pretty refreshing. I know this is a summer scent, but I expect a deeper and richer scent from dolce & gabbana. 
Light Blue consistently comes in at the top of the bestseller lists in the United States – and with very good reason: it is hard to beat in the summer refresher stakes. Featuring a sparkling green apple note and a translucent amber base, Light Blue is a pleasure to spritz on liberally in the heat. Its fruit notes are sheer rather than syrupy, so the overall effect is crisp and bright – like biting into an ice-cold Granny Smith. 

It's a pity, though, that the bright apple opening cannot be maintained past the one hour mark. The sheer amber base reveals itself to be Iso E Super, and the remaining three hours limp on in an agony of synthetics (for me). A pleasure at the start, but a plain old Iso E Super or cedramber base makes this one a miss for me.
Light Blah. The name, the bottle, the fragrance. Where is the mystery, the oom pah pah?
Sillage alone does not a perfume make.( Aside: Love the story of Sophia Grojsman being followed for her amazing sillage when finalizing 'Eternity' for Calvin Klein) Black to Blah. Sung's 'Shi' is the same colour and much cheaper. A classic like Eau de Rochas or Eau Orlane (blue again) much nicer in my opinion but it could be just that my body chemistry is all wrong for this one. 

Smelled this on a girl for years in a yoga class. She made 3 mistakes for me: 1) overwearing is a no no for me, 2) don't wear perfume in a hatha yoga class, 3) don't over apply, which she did all the time. Ever since she ruined it for me, lol .... the slightest hint of this juice will turn me off.  If you don't make any of those mistakes, this might work for you &  people around you.
Is it me, or is this a carbon copy of Hugo by Hugo Boss, but more expensive?
About 2 months ago I made a list of all the best-selling fragrances around the globe and made it my duty to try them all. Light Blue was on this list.

I would love to have had a picture taken the moment I sniffed this for the very first time. I think I was in utter disbelief as to how people loved this perfume. All I got from this fragrance was a strong, sour burst of lemon. I usually associate lemon scents to detergents and cleaners around my home.

This was in no way a pretty or feminine fragrance. I have Moschino Funny! which is slightly similiar, but more floral and much lighter. I consider Funny! a better alternative to Light Blue. I will however add that men seem to love this fragrance, even though they agree with me when I say it's strong and lemony sour.


I think it's very intoxicating on the open, however Light Blue is non-committal and is blended into a light juice that doesn't make enough of a statement.  The biggest problem we have with this is that the dry down recalls "mall store" to us.  If it didn't wind up in that  olfactory memory space, I'd consider it a candidate for a mixing fragrance.  Longevity isn't terrific.  Ultimately this is a polite pretty fragrance that is not too floral.  It's nice.  I didn't see this trumping other favorites like Nina Ricci.  
I love Granny Smiths even as a kid, I eat them all the time. So I'm quite pleased to smell some off the top notes. Unfortunately after that vibrant opening, LIGHT BLUE goes downhill. Cedar, cedar and then more cedar. OK, I do get some musky and floral accents but these are ambient, the overall character remaining sharply woodsy even incensey. Sorry ladies but I wouldn't want to smell this on you - it's a little too butch for comfort yet feels a little too lightweight and synthetic to be taken seriously as a men's fragrance. 
There is a too sharp, too heavy, too chemical musky note. Maybe the synthetic cedar note that someone has mentioned. I agree with the comparison to Eclat D' Arpege, but I prefer Eclat D' Arpege. However, I'd rather not wear either one of them. Maybe I'd like this on someone else.
This is a love/ hate relationship. The only concept of longevity is through spraying it on fabric and that makes it very powerful and cloying. I think I was looking for light and green, but this struck me as a chemical blast. I would love to love this, but I do believe I would choose 4711 or even Moschino's I Love Love over this.
Opens with powdery citrus then dries down as Iso E Super's synthetic cedar (or if you like, it dries down as Escentric 01).  I find that I like the smell of Iso E Super, so no complaints on that score from me.  Over all this fragrance strikes me as clean and pleasant, if not exactly exciting.  It's a nice step up from the floral or musky nightmares aimed at the general market.  I would find it more interesting on a guy, if only because it would be more unexpected.
Smells wonderful and thought hubby would love the fruity notes, but I had on too much of the lotion and ruined its first impression. He said it made his eyes water. But in all I liked it but it was more of a scent I would have preferred to smell on a man. Misleading to me because it wasn't "feminine" scented.
Way too popular for its own good: at this stage of her life, Light Blue is quite slutty and random. No spark or lucidity left in its soul. It 'was' pleasant once, but after three of my girlfriends, who are absolutely catty and hate each other tremendously, have used the exact same scent in gross quantities -and guess what the scent was- since they first grew breasts, to me Light Blue has very little left in its reserve to impress me. God, get a grip: there are so many other designer scents out there ready to be explored. Does Dolce&Gabbana put some secret addictive substance in this bottle? Even the 'Angel' monsters are less adamant than the 'Light Blue' fanatics. It was a good scent, that is why it is 'neutral.' It is a good feminine woods smell, and those are -or were- hard to come by... once. But not anymore. Make no mistake: this is perhaps the most abused scent of the decade - right up there with Davidoff Cool Water and L`Eau D`Issey. Light Blue is not a scent that will make you stand out in the crowd: it will make you a part of the herd. It will make you 'fit in.' If that is the objective, then you cannot find any other scent that is this flawless.  Enough already.  
Initial impressions are citrus with a slightly floral background. Extremely redundant of Dior Higher, at least to my memory. A perfectly fine citrus scent, but not very mature. I definitely wouldn't wear it in the cold weather, and wouldn't buy it after age 24 or so.
I love the fresh blast of the beginning and the soapy-clean dry down, but somewhere in the middle (about 2-4 hours after applying it) it starts smelling like very strong, very plasticky air freshener to me, reminiscent of fresh Gucci Rush. When it's worn by other people I can only smell the nice musky base notes, but it just doesn't work on me.
I don't get the big deal with this fragrance. It seems dated and masculine to me. 
I'm rating the EDP. 

It's disappointing. It smells good. A lot of floral, mostly Lilly of the valley. Everything is soft in it. Light. Too light. Sillage and longevity should be a lot better, especially for an EDP. This review would be positive if there was more, because the scent itself is lovely, but you can't enjoy it.

I smelled the EdT now and it's slightly better. It lasts longer and it's got a nice plum touch. 
This is VERY fruity/floral!

I had only smelled the oil prior to obtaining this (Iridescent) bottle as well as the white cube shaped bottle, so these were both very new to me.

The reviews are all over the place for many of the scents from this house, and I wonder if part has to do with not knowing which scent we are actually describing - even here, I am forced to say I own a bottle that I don't, as it is the closest one to the bottle that I DO own, since someone did not think it was different enough to offer it its own "line item". That is perhaps fine, but I just rated the NON-iridescent EDP - not the EDT or the Iridescent (which is what I have and INTEND to rate). I really do hope someone gets where I am going with this on the MANY levels I am taking it...MANY LEVELS.

Anyway, as far as scent goes, I liked it ok, but I believe this is way more of a fruity floral than I was lead to believe (a difficult genre for me when done by the best), or my nose is really off - plausible...but I would bet money that this house is designed to target the "under 40" ladies, so I feel very certain that I am not this house's demographic. 
This starts with a fresh and fruity rose note, which is given a slight sharpness by a musky undertone that at times has hint of patchouli attached to it - with a nigh-chypre-ish touch at times. The drydown includes a refreshing neroli, developing into a base of a sweeter vanilla core.

The opening, not without originality, is my favourite part, but the rest is a tad boring on my skin and to me overly synthetically-biochemically designed.  I get  moderate sillage, good projection and six hours of longevity.  2.5/5


Inspired by a musk oil Rodriguez found in the middle east, this was his initial scent and can be categorized as a floral chypre with an emphasis on the use of musk. This information is supplied by Roja Dove.

Rose and Peach can be detected in the opening, with Osmanthus and Neroli in the heart.
Vetiver and Amberlyn plus vanilla make up the base.

Turin called it a "radiant woody" and gave it four stars, noting its success for "mating a big, somewhat masculine patchouli-musk to…orange blossom floral."

I found it to be a light floral with a hint of milky musk.  Perfectly pleasant, but nothing special.

Top notes: Rose, Peach, Musk
Heart notes: Neroli, Osmanthus
Base notes: Vetiver, Amberlyn, Vanilla
I read the many rave reviews on this perfume and after a long consideration ,I decided to take the plunge and buy it without ever trying this on .I purchased the Gift Set from Nordstrom that includes the EDT 3.4 ounces,Purse Mini Spray 10ml, and body cream 30 ml.I was quite nervous about loving this, as I paid $109. Well,I have to say that I am pretty happy with this perfume and it is a lovely, enchanting fragrance. Very woodsy, sulky and musky, definately fall/winter/evening perfume. However...........This is an almost identical fragrance to another perfume which I simply adore, Believe by Britney Spears. Only, Believe does not develop into a lingering barber's shaving cream smell at the dry down . I have no idea why this is, maybe the tactile musk/solar musk blend?I have to admit that Narsico Rodruiqez EDT appears to be a softer, creamier and overall more well rounded/ subtler version of Believe by Britney Spears. It has somewhat soapy, shampoo-y finish . I love patchouli and in both perfumes patchouli is quite pronounced ,much more so in Believe. Believe is sharper and less complex, yet I still found it to be more feminine that NR. Would I buy NR EDT for Her again?I am not sure. I would probably buy its sibling Believe by Britney Spears instead, that is much better value for money at $40 for 3.4 ounces and also has better staying power.Would I enjoy wearing NR for Her?Definately,it is a good perfume,just not something I am insanely crazy about.
Tried this out at Sephora in the rollerball version. I was taken by surpriseat first sniff. It was really interesting and different from most of the fragrances that Canadian Sephora carries. The top notes are my favourite part of the whole thing.

And then it quickly falls apart. It started smelling really synthetic, and it reminded me of some cheap hair products.

Does anyone know a good alternative that smells like the top notes of NR for Her?
If you like egyptian musk this is for you. This is what it smells like. My husband bought this for me and he loves it. Im not against egyptian musk as I use to wear in the oil form so it's okay. 
Oh how I wanted to like this fragrance.  All the build up, the publicity, the "Sex in a Bottle", etc. and all I got was pure musk.  No florals, wood notes, just pure musk, like a bottle of Jovan Musk oil.  It was not disgusting or vile, just not worth the hefty price tag when you can get Jovan Musk oil at the corner drug store.  
This fragrance is nice, pleasant, inoffensive, a bit different and interesting, but not remarkable. Do I detect Lilly Of The Valley somewhere in the mix? It avoids the trap of the sickening sweetness that every other fragrance of the day seems to be falling into.
i cannot smell it at all on my skin, however not a bad scent . 
altough i cannot detect anything in this perfume( it is too light for me, almost invisible) my cat was obsessed sniffing my wrist(which is a scary fact, imagine what is inside this thing..)! 
I really like this fragrance but surely I am not alone in thinking it is a slightly more refined and dare I say it, sanitised version of a cross between Strip & Agent Provocateur? That is why I'd give it a neutral rather than definite thumbs up - to my nose, this has been done before.
Narciso Rodriguez for Her EDP, is quite possibly one of the muskiest perfumes I've ever experienced.

This fragrance tends to be warm, subtly sweet, feminine, clean, and of course, musky. For some, Narciso Rodriguez for Her is animalistic and sexy. In my opinion, this fragrance is musky in a clean and old-fashioned sense. Don't get me wrong, this is not a scent just for 'old ladies'. It just doesn't scream 'sex' to me.

Occasionally I am anosmic to musk, so there are some moments when I can't smell Narciso Rodriguez. Every now and then I catch a subtle whiff of this scent which is certainly pleasant, but not to my personal tastes.

This fragrance smells dusty on my skin. It makes me think of a dark, crowded attic that hasn't seen the light in years. This relation is possibly due to my connection of musk to closed-up, suffocating, deserted houses.

This fragrance is not all bad, it's just disappointing due to all the hype. I don't sense many floral notes in the composition unfortunately. It's mostly musky woods to my nose.

Even in the EDP concentration, the sillage and lasting strength are rather average. I can understand Narciso Rodriguez for Her and its appeal, however I believe it is very much an acquired taste, that I don't have.


First impression is good, but then the scent begins to smell like soap.
Nice try, but not good enough.
I must be anosmic to the musks in this because this smells almost precisely like nothing on me. Correction: it smells some Egyptian musk oil that has already been showered off. I get just the faintest aroma out of this, but what I can smell is quite lovely. Seems like it would be one of the nicest choices you could make at the department store these days. I'll never buy this one for obvious reasons - rather an expensive way to smell like nothing, plus I cringe at the thought of obliviously gassing out innocent passers-by with massive doses of this. Drat. Makes me wonder what other lovely things I'm not smelling & don't know about? 
This is for the Musc Oil for her version.I am anosmic to the musc in this which makes me sad. I can only get a faint floral note and vanilla. What I do smell is delicious and I only which I could smell more......:(
I was surprised to discover that I really don't like this. It starts out fruity/floral a la Badgley Mischka and then morphs into Lolita Lempicka minus the anise. Interesting, but not compelling, inspiring or beautiful enough to purchase. 
After reading reviews on Basenotes I was inspired to order an EDP sample from TPC.  I am disappointed that on my skin Narciso Rodriguez smells nothing like other people's experiences of it.  A subdued pleasant enough rose note. No musk that I can detect.   My skin's chemistry just doesn't work with this fragrance I guess...
A light floral, reminded me of a garden full of honeysuckle, with a pleasant musk drydown - but not evocative or particularly interesting to my nose. Tom Ford's White Patchouli is a fuller, richer and smoother take on this kind of sensuality.
I got a sample of NR edt recently and I have to say it doesn’t really live up to my expectations, its price or the extraordinary beautiful bottle. I expected something muskier, more potent and interesting. But in reality, this is a very delicate fragrance that reminds me of floral deodorants, except that NR edt lasts longer. The opening notes are mildly smoky, and there’s some greenness to it, possibly vetiver. This fragrance makes me think of spring and breezy, sunny days. It isn’t something I’d call sensual or sexy, like some other reviewers have, but I find it quite pretty and inoffensive. We all have our definition of sensuality, so if yours is like mine, on the dark side (Youth Dew, Knowing, Japanese Musk, Lush Ginger) you probably won’t be that impressed by NR edt. Orange blossom is the star in this scent, and except for the longevity NR isn’t much different from considerably cheaper Orange Blossom by Yves Rocher. I can’t detect other more prominent notes in this. There’s some warmth in the drydown, but not enough for me to find this full-bottle worthy. For people who don’t like strong fragrances, try this one- it’s a soft and fresh floral. NR is of the prettier of its kind, but simply not for me.
I absolutley love this perfume. I have tried the EDT and the EDP and the EDP is slightly sweeter, more floral rather than musky and less fresh and breezy, but I think this adds a bit of depth and energy to it. The staying power of the EDT was really really dissapointing on me- only about an hour (and thats being generous), even if i used the shower gel and body lotion, so really not worth the money, as it is quite expensive compared to other perfumes in department stores. I have not yet tried the EDP for longetivity yet though. I hope it is better. 
I like this perfume lots, but not one of my all time faves and here is why. Its smells quite generic, very similar to lots of others e.g SJP as Heidi also commented. It is ideal in my opinion for the office, not special enough for a date. OK for shopping, but not for the theatre.(get my drift?) Having said that, I will probably buy it again when this bottle runs out. It is a nice combination of mossy, musky, floral and fruits. Whew!! I am definitely going to try Heidi's idea of combining it with Crystalle though.
I've tried both the EDT and the EDP and I have to admit that the EDT smells a whole lot nicer than the latter. Although the it is gorgeous and incredibly inviting especially with its musky end notes (something that I absolutely adore in my perfumes), its staying power on my skin is so disappointing that I just couldnt make myself buy it, despite of its lovely smell.
First of all I must confess to being a new nose to reviewing fragrances and have only recently developed a collection. Since starting my collection I’ve developed a distinct preference for Tom Ford’s scents.
When I sprayed Tuscan Leather on my skin for the first time I really didn’t like it. It smelled like very old dry leather without a hint of the fruit and spice it’s supposed to contain. To give it a real world description it was reminiscent of an old saddler’s museum with the old saddles and bridles on display.
However, a couple of hours later the stale oldness faded and a more distinct leathery and fruitiness remained.

Nothing special about this one. The opening smells like a taxi driver who wears an used leather jacket. All the notes are synthetic to the bone. 

After the dry down it is like the taxi driver sprays a cheap deodorant on his leather jacket and now he also smells like raspberry. Strange and illogical mix.

In the beginning this out blacks Bvlgari  black. Definitely gasoline oil rag auto shop smell. Drive down pretty fast, doesn't seem like it's got the legs that Italian cypress had. Just doesn't envelop you like that one.  I needed to put the whole sample on. 
Avg longevity and projection.
I'm torn.  I personally find it to be an interesting scent if a little overbearing.  My wife on the other hand hates it.  Her great aunt used to be a heavy smoker, so to my wife this smells like her aunt's car.  A mixture of stale smoke mixed with a mature feminine perfume? Do I want to smell like that? Probably not. Also, maybe it's me, but have any of these perfumers ever actually smelled leather? This does not smell like leather...
I loved this scent from the first spray... I tested in my skin and bought a 50ml bottle from 2016. For my bad luck the scent on my skin will last at top 4 hours and sillage almost none, projection about 2hours... maybe it is my nose but when I dont smell it on my skin is because it is not working... true shame...I tested again in different boutiques and it is the same...probably this 2016 batches are not good or it was reformulated...the smell of the first spray it is magic, classic what a true gentlemen should smell with a nice suit...
I have spent a fair amount of time in Tuscany (buying leathergoods!) but I have spent even more time in Los Angeles' Olvera Street, a historic bit of old, Spanish Los Angeles now largely catering to tourists although locals go there, too. The cobbled street is lined with stalls selling wonderful Mexican food as well as Mexican craft items like embroidered dresses, huarache sandals and tooled leather purses and belts. This is EXACTLY what Tuscan Leather smells like to me, the native leather goods in a Mexican street market. A raw, in your face leather. This is a great smell (to me) but is as far away from the Via Tornabuoni as carnitas is from Bistecca alla Fiorentina, or Diego Rivera from Cimabue. All excellent but worlds apart. I like this although I tend to prefer other leather scents.  With Tuscan Leather I get only a fleeting raspberry topnote.  Like all of Ford's private blends, this is strong and well made (as you would hope, for the price).
A dark and smoky leather based fragrance with touch of fruity notes to tune down that wild and angry leather note!
At the opening, when for spray it on your skin, you can smell dark and smoky leather note mixed with some tobacco and some sweet raspberry note.
The sweet raspberry note isn't that strong, but also it's not as weak as some people keep talking about.
It's there and you can easily smell it, but because of strong leather smell it's in the background.
It's a linear fragrance so do not expect too much change.
In the dry down smoky leather settle down just a bit and fruity raspberry note become a little stronger.
Very good projection and longevity.
Opens very sweet, with raspberry being the dominant note, but rapidly moves into a dirty leather note that is disconcerting to me, in one hand smells oily and dirty and on the other it smells like a freshly soaped horse saddle.  The raspberry note refuses to leave turning more and more into this fermented fruit juice notecreating an effect that is really weird to me.
After maybe half an hour the fermented raspberry starts fading slowly as is replaced by a faint burnt note that in combination with the oily note makes the leather smell more like an old, worn, beaten saddle that has been to the races too many times already, fortunately there is this spicy note in the background that saves the day, so the drydown is not that skunky after all.
It reminded me a horse stable and horse drawn carriage shop from my youth, the leather scent of the saddles, reins etc... together with the leather soap scent, the oily note like the axle grease and the smoky/burnt note from the forge for horseshoes, and the sweet and spicy notes coming from the kitchen next door.
This fragrance brings all that to my mind and as such I should consider it a masterpiece, besides, it really captures the essence  of leather like no other perfume I know, but the question is:  do I want to smell like THAT?.
Brilliant, but unwearable for me, maybe I'll spray the interior of my car with it, it has vinyl seats so everybody will think is real leather LOL
Sillage is nuclear so be careful when spraying it on you, and it lasts all day+.
Thumbs up as a creation, thumbs down for wearability, so it gets a neutral from me
A pleasant and nice scent indeed, as much leathery as tons of other contemporary leather-based scents (suederal-safraleine type), without any particular twist that let this stand alone in the crowd. Classy and refined for sure, in a rather safe and tamed down way though: "brownish", smoky, crisp and clean like a new pair of leather brogues. Not bad, actually rather pleasant, just a bit overpriced for the quality. And in fact there's quite some cheaper alternatives which do the same job: Godolphin by Parfums de Marly, Golden Boy by Dueto for instance.

6,5-7/10
Disappointing	Top: Leather 	Middle: Leather and Hashish 	Base: Black Orchid
Very strong and bitter. I can't stand that much leather and find pointless anyway. For the admirers of the genre, it can be OK with its potency and sillage but I think the leather lovers already  know some other fine  leather fragrances much more cheaper than this one.
70% Leather, 20% Raspberry, 10% Spicy/Floral notes

Smells very nice, but overexposure causes headache, and you need to be in the mood for it

Quality notes, great projection and longevity.

Lacks versatility and cannot be a day to day scent.

For collectors and basenoters only, but not for the casual consumer.

Price tag will not be worth it for most, but for those who do want a quality leather frag

Don't blind buy this, but sample it if you want something a little challenging.

A slight disappointment...

I really enjoyed the raw smoky, leathery aroma -- whilst it lasted.

On me the longevity was shockingly poor, only about 4 hours :-(
This is not a unisex fragrance.  This is leather.  I should have guessed by the name, but I expected there to be more than just... leather; I don't know why I thought there would be.
I normally like leather scents, and I can see what Tom Ford was trying to do with this, this stuff has a very strong smell of leather saddle soap, which I'm sure would drive a certain type of lady wild.

unfortunately on me this stuff smells exactly like a wet ashtray, it seriously stinks of cigarette ash, combined with the loud raspberry note above, it turns very unpleasant, I had to scrub it off immediately. 

Sillage and projection is strong
I wanted to give this a thumbs up because a buddy of mine let me try a sample he had and it smelled great. The longevity was perfect and it was a winner. When I went to Saks, the juice from the tester was not as good as the sample I remembered trying. The prices are a little too high for these Tom Ford private blend colognes.$100 maybe, $200 crazy!
This smells like the shiny, taut leather interior of a new car. Some claim to detect a cocaine note; I'm far too angelic to be able to comment. There is the dusty waft of thyme though, which I wish had been amplified, and the hint of cigarette stubs. But all this is moot: Tuscan Leather is wrecked on the teeth of an unnaturally sweet raspberry note that refuses to perish and whose inclusion I find utterly bizarre. 

Today I smelled this scent and was inspired to post my review on Basenotes for the very first time.  So, let's dive in.  

It has been said that scent invokes memories and Tom Ford's Tuscan Leather most certainly did with me.  Growing up around horses, this juice took me back to my childhood where part of my choirs was cleaning the leather saddles and gear.  I would use a glycerin soap which had a honey and lemon fragrance.  The leather saddles were stored in a closet in our barn until their next use.

Tuscan Leather reminds me of those dry evenings in September when I would enter the barn and open the saddle closet.  The first and most obvious scent is clean, worn leather with a edge of honey (more like beeswax).  But there is a secondary scent of the closet itself.  A dry woody smell that is similar to old, dry pine planks (not sap or leaves or cones but the wood itself).  Over time, a sweet note appears that invokes juicy fruit gum (ylang ylang perhaps?).  Yet the leather never disappears.

I sprayed this juice on my arm at Saks as a test.  Perhaps it is because as a man, my collection consist of EdT or EdC; but the Eau de Parfume took my olfactory to a new level.  I could not escape the scent, nor did I want to.  Instead, I tried to discover something around the house that would compare.  I smelled every leather object from jackets to wallets but nothing truly resembled the juice.  Tuscan Leather is the way we expect leather to smell; rich, comforting, warm, and aged.  

I rank the Parfume as a neutral because I cannot think of many times or places to wear it.  I live in the subtropics and this scent is out of place.  Ford's Tuscan Leather belongs to cool nights and autumn leaves.  But for anyone who loves the scent of leather and has the right environment for it, this is definitely the scent for you.  

An initial  aggressive gasoline impression with only a hint of berry gives way to a plain leather note that eventually is a bit more straightforward than other leather frags like e.g. the Knize version.  It remains monotone without much further change.  Not a bad scent, but betraying that it is mass-produced and lacking some depth and nuances.  Nonetheless a good leather note, and a nice addition to the menu of leather fragrances available, albeit no real competition for Creed's and  Knize's leather creations.   Good longevity of about 3-4 hours. Overpriced.  Try first. 
Opens with a tropical fruitiness which is a combination of smooth sweetened lemon and bergamot sharpened with a spritz of blackcurrant. I can see how this accord is reminiscent of pineapple, but for the Aventus lovers out there, it isn’t obviously pineapple and there is no smokiness whatsoever. It then has white florals as a bridge to the smooth woody/musk base.

Too be honest... despite already getting compliments on it... it’s not really my thing. I feel like I have betrayed the niche gods by dabbling in the dark designer arts.

Recommended for niche lovers looking for something more designer, generic leaning and socially acceptable, when Muscs Koublai Khan or Fumerie Turque isn’t appropriate.
Odd that I just happened to review Aventus today as well, as it was completely unplanned and next in my rotation to review. Serendipitous!

Spicy citrus-cedar-the bergamont comes through, as does the lemon. The lemon does smell very synthetic to my tastes. Unlike Aventus, which smells very natural throughout, this has a strong artificial element to it which I, unfortunately, do not care for. There is little sweetness here: almost undetectable currant that is very faint. I don't find that this projects anymore than Aventus, nor do I find it any more long lasting: very similar in their duration and action.  I'm not sure I'd say I care for one more than the other: would I trade a synthetic lemon-cedar scent with a woody base to town down the sweetness, or a cloyingly sweet but natural smoky pineapple fragrance? Either way, I find them both above average. Although they may be used for similar situations, they are different scents altogether.

Linear, perfectly acceptable summer fragrance that is probably (definitely) more expensive than it should be. Very forgettable, but not something you'll regret wearing.

6/10




It starts with a pungent blast of fruity pebbles as opposed to the pineapple, apple, and bergamot.  Aventus birch is traded for an application of cedar, becoming a bit more astringent than smoky.  Lasts a bit longer than its competition.  To me, this gives the same impression as Aventus.  I could see using them interchangeably, in similar situations.  But, it is a different scent altogether, and not a clone.  
Fruity, woody, musky. 

Cedrat Boise is a fresh fruity fragrance, with the emphasis on fruits. It's a basket of fruits, and you can sense lemon, pineapple and blackcurrant, while there is only a hint of florals. The fruits are supported by a conventional woody note that smells of cedar, and hints of musk. It is not leathery to me, and is quite linear from start to finish. I find that here the fruity notes together with musk create a strange accord, somewhat synthetic, that I do not quite like. I usually don't enjoy fruity fragrances, but this is well balanced. 

This is often compared to Aventus, but Aventus has more prominent pineapple, and is distinctly smokier and leathery. Cedrat Boise has none of those attributes. Compared to Aventus, Cedrat Boise has persistent noticeable projection, good sillage and lasts more on skin. However, in this style my clear favourite is Morning Chess by Vilhelm Parfumerie. The fruity aspect of Cedrat Boise also reminds me a bit of Minotaure.

Overall a nice but unremarkable fresh fruity-woody composition with mainstream appeal. 

2.5/5 
My Mancera sample must be off because I get a very smoky Aventus vibe from Cedrat Boise. It actually reminds me of Glenn Peri Unpredictable Adventure. I still get plenty of lemony-fruits in the top notes but it’s all very smoky. This lasts for about 4-5 hours.  Later, it’s a creamy, sweet woods scent. Something in it reminded me of the drydown in F Black. My sample must be off. 

Projection is pretty good while the top notes are still going. The whole thing lasts about 8-9 hours on me. 

Update: Own a full bottle now and this is much more fresh and pleasing. The opening isn’t as smokey as I remember but it’s still a little smokey, dry and sharp. The drydown is a very pleasant and attractive clean, woody, masculine scent that has me repeatedly smelling where I sprayed on my arm because I just don’t remember it smelling this clean and fresh. Still very good performance even with only a couple sprays, which may be the key to making this so fresh and clean. 
Strikes me as reasonably different from Aventus / CDNI but similarly fruity; the blackberry I suppose, its sweetness not overdone. The opening is all about lemon. The drydown lacks the birchy interest of Aventus / CDNI. I'll stick with CDNI.
A little fruity, sweet and creamy (I guess from some vanilla). I get almost an orange cream pop vibe or something from it. 
Cherries, cherries, cherries galore - that is the opening blast;  a rich and sweet explosion of red cherries.  Soon they become really boozy, and an underlying undercurrent of bitter almonds And amaretto - darker and a touch more bitter than the Ferrero’s Mon Cherie chocolates.  

Then, after about an hour, the cherries truly are “lost” - the opening notes collapse spectacularly, and like the echo of an explosion, the amaretto remains.  No other contenders have a chance to develop: the jasmin Sambas as well as a Turkish rose- the latter remaining rather a background feature that does not contribute significantly to the development of this creation.  

The base adds a tonka impression that is sweet but not too dominant, at times is has a tobacco notion attached to it, without seeing the two taking the foreground as they do in this house’s Tobacco Vanille.  Touches of the Peru Balsam con and go, and a woodsy component developed towards the end - more cedar than sandal, but quite weak on me.  Whilst a bit of vetiver shines through rarely, this is a vetiver that is as faints as it is nonspecific.  

I get moderate sillage, adequate projection overall - from excellent to weak - and and about six hours of longevity on my skin, with the last few hours very close to my skin.   

As the name says, the initial cherry is lost very soon.     It is somewhat overly synthetic.  The subsequent notes are not particularly rich or expressive.  
Still, better losing one’s cherries than losing one’s marbles.   2.75/5. 
Do you want to smell like a cherry? Well if you do and you want Tom Ford to be the brand that enables you to do so, you're going to pay $320 for 50ml of the pleasure. I really wanted to dislike this as I did Fucking Fabulous (2017) and Lavender Extrême (2019), but there is just something a bit fun about Lost Cherry (2018) which makes that impossible. Primarily, the scent is more complex than one might suspect and dries down into tobacco (which is always nice), even if performance is extremely underwhelming. Lost Cherry is a gourmand tobacco scent at heart, with a tacky theme the likes of which only Tom Ford has the gall to market at this price point, but if you decide it's for you, I'd grab one while you can if it isn't already discontinued by the time you see this, because it is a low-volume seasonal exclusive.

Lost Cherry opens with... cherry. I mean come on, what else did you expect me to say? There's a maraschino cherry mixed with a bit of amaretto liqueur thanks to the bitter almond sharing the top. The heart sees some rose and jasmine to make Lost Cherry more "perfumey" than just what otherwise might just smell like snow cone flavoring, but it's the base where things heat up. Tonka and tobacco undoubtedly borrowed from Tom Ford Tobacco Vanille (2007) make a show, and pair up nice with some cedar and sandalwood for a proper base, with the tobacco being the core theme past the first hour. Sadly, this is also a skin scent by then, even if it lasts all day otherwise. I also think Lost Cherry is quite unisex for fans of the note, and something this decadent can only be worn in a romantic or cold weather casual setting. If you have the audacity to spend top coin to drizzle yourself in Tom Ford's cherries, at least have the reserve not to show up at work in it, thanks.

There aren't a ton of perfumes with a cherry tobacco accord at their core, and the only other notable one I can recall is Burberry London for Men (2006), which luckily won't cost an arm and a leg, even if it is less sweet and a good amount spicier. The niche realms house some pretty strange things, especially in the frivolous-to-the-max realm of luxury lines which serve little other purpose but to be status-inferring symbols of indulgence, so I guess there really isn't much more indulgent out there than wanting to smell like a cherry cordial enjoyed with a smoking pipe. Whatever floats your boat, you had better be willing to pay for it, and due to the limited nature of these seasonal Private Collection releases, you'd better cherish that cherry while you have it. As for me, I give this silly overpriced fling a neutral for giving me a laugh, but I can't take it seriously.
Trial of EDT from mini-bottle of set, unknown year.  Scent was nice initially, faded off rapidly, fading scent was nice; may try in stronger formula in future.
There's much to love here, however it's not something I enjoy wearing.  As I have two bottles of vintage juice, I find that in my vaporizer, my home smells amazing.  Bit expensive for a home scent, but everyone who comes in is blown away by how beautiful my home smells.
It's been about 10 or 12 years since I first tried Mitsouko, back when my Dillard's used to carry all the classic Guerlains. I didn't love it. I didn't hate it. But I didn't really like it, either. I did groove on the initial brightness of it, the juicy peachiness interwoven with citrus, but then after the first few minutes it devolved into something more harsh, yet at the same time kind of vague. I figured I just wasn't sophisticated enough to appreciate it, and yet I never revisited it.

Until recently, when I was gifted with a bottle of the EDP, which turns out to be from 2014, supposedly a very good reformulation year. The peachy/citrusy opening still really sparkles, and the middle sings a very fine spicy (cinnamon? clove?) tune on my skin for about an hour. But after that it just falls off the cliff and muddles itself into a big ol' bunch of fusty/dusty/musty-ness, and not in a way that I would normally champion, like, say, Joy’s symphonic florals turned to rot or Djedi's mix of damp-basement and lemony roses or Youth Dew's balsamic orange blossom weirdness. Here, and at least on my skin and to my nose, Mitsouko is kind of a mess—an expensive, beautifully made, historically significant mess, to be sure. But still a mess.

The good news is, if you love it, it will last forever. It's still wafting from the T-shirt I had on when I spritzed it two days ago.

Every time I try this out,  it smells like spicy plastic and I can't detect the florals at all.  I'm mainly smelling a more peppery version of Irish Spring with something else I can't identify muddying up the smell. It certainly smells expensive,  but it's also highly stuffy and moldy.  It's what I imagine an old dowager's mink smells like. I love most Guerlains, but this one hasn't worked for me in any season. After an hour,  I have to get it off of me. 
This is going to be a bit lengthy, but I think Mitsouko deserves it...

So here I am - my Basenotes wardrobe says I've tried almost 2000 perfumes now, and this is close to my 600th review, so I feel like I have a basic grasp on what I'm talking about when it comes to perfumes, and I still very much struggle with Mitsouko.  It's supposed to be the finest perfume in the world, and truth be told, I just don't really like it that much.

To me, Mitsouko is confusing in a frustrating way, like trying to untangle an impossibly knotted cord.  And yet somehow, everyone else seems to "get it" and have simple descriptions of it that make no sense to me.  

I started off with the current extrait version, spraying it on at every opportunity for years.  Something about its concentration always knocks out my nose, leaving me smelling practically nothing, whether I try a light or heavy application.  After years of thinking I must be doing something wrong, I've decided that the extrait simply disagrees with me and I've written it off.

From there, I tried the current EDP.  I have no trouble smelling it, but I just don't get the magic that everyone else does.  If I bury my nose in it and study it really hard, I can barely make out whiffs of peach and clove and a hint of something green and poopy, but it mostly all melts together into a cohesive single entity that smells to me like thick, peanutty dough.  It actually smells pretty good, but the claims of it being the best peachskin perfume or the ultimate textbook chypre are baffling to me.  

So, as a gift from a fantastic perfume friend, I got a sample of the vintage EDP.  As is chemically unavoidable, the topnotes have turned with age, so you have to wait through about 20 minutes of rancid vinegar before the good stuff starts.  Eventually, it lands on that peanutty dough smell, but somehow less cohesive than the current version.  I can smell peach - it's still not upfront, but I can understand how it is flavoring the peanut dough mixture.  The same goes for the rose and cloves and a dark green smell that I'm assuming is the oakmoss everyone is crazy for (it honestly doesn't smell like the little bottle of oakmoss tincture I use as my benchmark, though).  It's more strongly poopy than the current version, and the whole mixture is louder.

So I guess my favorite is the vintage EDP, but there are other classic chypres I enjoy a lot more.  I like the peanut dough smell, but the same effect is in L'Heure Bleue, but teamed up there with powdery flowers and greens and sandalwood and iris and the amazing Guerlinade base, so I like it MUCH more than Mitsouko.

So I guess that's it.  After years of study, the world's best perfume gets a "meh" from me.  Maybe someday something will click and I'll fall in love, but after all these years of sampling Mitsouko, I doubt that's going to happen.  So I guess that leaves me voting "neutral".  Oh well...
This is a love it or hate it scent for me and for a number of my friends.

There are days when its earthy, sharp cinnamon/carnation blast seems totally unique and intriguing and other days when I ask myself why I am enjoying smelling like I just rolled around in fresh loam. And I am one of those who can not detect peach in this at all.

What amazes me is that the strong carnation/clove note is not listed in the ingredients. What olfactory trick is being played here.

Top notes: Peach, Bergamot, Hesperides
Middle notes: Lilac, Rose, Jasmine, Ylang
Base notes: Vetiver, Amber, Oakmoss, Cinnamon, Patchouli, Cedarwood, Black Pepper, Ambergris

I tried very hard to like this classic, but ultimately have decided after using a full 100 ml bottle over 9 months that I will not be replacing it.  Wanting to love it, but can't.
I rather liked this in the original formulation. 	A lady I know and respect wears this as her signature fragrance... in its original formulation.  Apparently she has a stockpile of the vintage perfume.  Unknowingly, I bought her a bottle of the new formulation as a gift.  She eyed it warily when given, complemented me on correctly identifying her selection and then said to me "let me teach you something about perfume."  So excused herself, and apparently went and bathed and changed clothes, and applied my gift.  What a difference!  A muted presence, so much lost.  That's when she told me "Only old perfumes are worthwhile.  The regulations imposed today make perfume simply awful."  In the case of Mitsuoku, she is entirely correct.  It's not that the new formula is disgusting, but that it is only a pale imitation of the original.  It feels somehow... soulless in comparison.
Chypre isn't a genre. It's a 'tude. With that being noted, I have to admit I don't carry much of the chypre 'tude, but I certainly get it and like it.

Mitsouko is the wonderfully weird abstract scent that is a godmother of hard to categorize perfumes. It definitely smells like all the noted ingredients were baked and dried for an oddly flat, yet soft affect. I remember my first sniff 5 years back was a slam of peach and cinnamon with dirty herbs. Today I get more of a soft melting of the two worlds. The marriage of the peachy floral warmth to the dry green woodiness is clever and cozy, but still a wee bitter for my tastes. 

The unmistakable oakmoss and woodsy finish is pleasant and sophisticated like a rich grandmother who buys tailored tweed blazers. She seems like she would be harsh, but she would actually like to take you out for ice cream and shopping. 

It has so far settled into the sample paper for 21 hours and has left unmistakable traces front and center. That is staying power people. Mitsouko isn't my favorite Guerlain, but I prefer it to L'Heure Blue which is pretty, but too dry and filmy for me to wear.

I notice that different batches sometimes look....different. Some juices look peachy amber, others pale acid yellow. 
When I was tried this, it was overwhelmingly sweet, but the longer it stays on your skin the better it gets. It fades to a lovely powdery sweet smell with hints of spice then a subtle peach and a final lingering woody smell. It's not 'the one' for me, but if you can get over its first overpowering sweetness it's like wearing a sweet summer's day with the promise of exotic travels. 
Mitsouko is a monumental piece of art for sure and my neutral rating basically depends on its lack of versatility and by the faint appeal it uses to arouse around. Many find it prehistoric and pot pourri. I think this is the kind of fragrance to wear just for a gala night in a gothic castle and certainly not in the course of an "after hour" party or in a lounge bar while drinking an exotic cocktail. Mitsouko is a very spicy, woody-mossy and rooty scent with a deeply hesperidic opening and a discreet fruity and floral presence. Spiciness is exotic and mainly cinnamonic with more than faint conjurations about the Cinnabar's viney piquancy. It is an extremely mystic floral chypre with hesperides in the top, earthy/rooty notes, resins (hints of incense and myrrh), a central floral soul, a dark-green mossy evolution in the bottom and with several fruity (peaches) and creamy (a touch of vanilla may be) nuances. The presence of an aristocratic rose in the top notes enhances the spiritual and ethereal temperament of the olfactory work of art. It is like a virtual insight in a tunnel full of mystery and darkness. It's like matching a sort of extrasensorial and decadent state of bliss and silence. Its impressive (earthy/rooty) spiciness conjures me more than vaguely also Clinique Aromatics Elixir which nevertheless is more wearable and this is emblematic of how much complex and hardly wearable Mitsouko is. Whoever dare to wear this creation is a very complex, conservative person with a bursting personality. This woman (o man as well) is baroquely dressed, is enigmatic, indipendent and mysterious. She runs away in the night as a ghost, she walks severely along the lobbies of the nobiliar palace and never comes back again.
I got a small bottle of Mitsouko EDT iin a Guerlain miniature collection that I bought about 2000.   When I was in Tokyo I also sampled Mitsouko in a high end department store. I really liked Mitsouko and could not wait to buy a vintage bottle before the re-formulation.  I found vintage pure perfume, bought it, and today wore it.  This review is for the vintage bottle that I bought and wore today.

It is not offensive but it smells like soap to me.  A very ordinary scent.  The scent also makes me feel really old.   It is quite different from the EDT in the miniature collection and different from what I remember smelling in Tokyo. Maybe it has just not aged well or wasn't stored properly.  Or maybe I just don't care for Mitsouko after all.  This cost me a small fortune and I have no idea what to do with it as I will never wear it again and the bottle is almost full.

Tomorrow or the next day I will wear the newer EDT and do another review. 2/17/2011

Well, today I wore the newer Mitsouko EDT.  It still has an overtone of soap but it has a fresher, younger smell then the pure perfume I wore yesterday.   It also has a peachy overtone.  I have to say that I may wear it once every year or so and don't regret it having it since it was bought of a miniature collection.  However, I will never invest anymore time or money in Mitsouko.  It's just not sophisticated enough for me.  Not offensive but not great either.  Just -- Neutral.
This is a really heavy spicy one.  I am having a hard time smelling the peach. I dont dislike it. it reminds me of Shalimar, which I do like.  Its just... really heavy and old fashioned. Its like the perfume equivalent of a vintage Rolls - classy, ridiculously well made, but very few people are actually going to drive one around these days. I feel expensive and like I've aged 10 years.
I've been living with Mitsouko for a while, and finally decided that it just doesn't hold up as a contemporary fragrance. Mitsouko is as melancholy and nostalgic as a packet of love letters tied up with ribbon and hidden in an old steamer trunk. But unlike Chanel No. 5 and Shalimar -- literally worn by everyone and their mother (and grandmother!) -- it no longer smells "of the moment" to me. Hate to say it, but there's a distinctly maiden-aunt air to this, and I could never bring myself to wear it in public, much as I appreciate its art, its mystery, and its history.
Good lavender note up front.  Interesting to combine it with pineapple -- not quite sure about that combination but it cashes in on the pineapple craze started by Creed Aventus. Sugary notes give a rather cookie/foody aspect which I am not really enamoured with. Fruity notes bubble in the background.  Bit of leather from the patchouli.  This is OK, but really not my style.  Gets quite buzzy in the dry down. 
Big lavender, more herbal than floral, with a strong dirty (like actual dirt on the ground, not anything animalic) aspect.  The pineapple is a clever sweetener, but kind of disappears on my skin, where Music For A While is reduced to just a ton of lavender and that's about it.  I know Frederick Malle and his perfumers put a lot of effort into creating best-in-class perfumes, so I've given Music a few tries, but I just don't get what the big deal is.  Perhaps they're using some sort of brand new captive lavender molecule that's a big deal in the trade but doesn't really translate to the consumer.

For a good straightforward modern lavender fougere, I'd suggest Lancome's Lavande Trianon, which plays its lavender against subtle cinnamon and chocolate to much better effect.
Sweet, fruity and fresh in the opening.  Later the drydown becomes powdery and heavy but still plenty of fruity-sweetness.  Projects really well, especially in the drydown. The whole drydown reminds me of 1 Million, for the heavy-sweetness mixed with the powderiness, plus this thing really performs like 1 Million. Not the same scent but that's just the feel this reminds me of.

This is truly unisex to the point that this smells like bath products or scented home products to me.  Not in a bad or artificial way but it just doesn't take a traditional gender path either way.

Not sure about the occasion but this seems like a cold-weather scent to me.

Big projection and lasts all day on my skin.


