Juicy opening.  Switches to creamy flowers (but delicate, and still watery in that typical fruity floral fashion).  Smells like soap.  May have gone off, something in this makes me a bit queasy.  The bottle is in terrible condition, like it rusted somehow, which makes no sense as it has just been sitting on a shelf.  Maybe it did go off though... A bit of greenness in this one.  Scrubber.  Cannot place synthetic note.


Verdict:  I hope this was just off, and not how Chloe actually smells.  Happily donated on Basenotes to someone who was willing to test if it was off.


EDIT:  This did not go off.  It is just definitely not for me.  The Basenoter I sent it to was very happy with it, and his mum stole it from him as it reminded her of the Chloe she used to wear.  Yay happy endings! 
I was lured by a store promoter to try this new fragrance on a card. After an hour of shopping, and smelling the card I went back to try it out on my skin. That was 9.5 hours ago and I can still smell it!

Chloe EDP is a subtle, clean, fresh, rosy modern fragrance. It's a "safe" scent that you could wear at work, an afternoon barbecue, or a night out!

Chloe sits close to the skin, you get a beautiful whiff every so often & it lasts and lasts. It's quite a summery scent but is nice to wear in fine cool weather.

It's not original though - it smells very much like a rose version of Dior Addict 2. It might be a good alternative as Chloe is an EDP whereas DA2 is an EDT. The scent is not the only thing it has in common with Dior. The bottle looks very similar to Miss Dior Cherie.

PS: July 08 - I've finally purchased a 30ml bottle of Chloe EDP & am enjoying it! :)

PPS: Oct 08 - A little of the magic is gone and I have not worn Chloe for a while. I don't think I will repurchase Chloe when my current bottle runs out.

PPPS: Jan 09 - One thing I'm quite unhappy about is that I've only had this scent for a year or so, but the top of the bottle (gold metallic part) has completely tarnished & discoloured. None of my other perfume bottles with similar material have done this. It makes it seem cheap. Perhaps this is why I don't wear it any more.

Who wants to put on a pretty scent from an ugly discoloured bottle? Very disappointing. Definitely NOT repurchasing.
Okay, so I just went over to my local drug store today and sprayed a little bit of this (Chloe by Chloe 2008 version) on my wrist just to see if I like it. I was recently looking for some really good rose and cedar fragrances so I decided to try this one to see if maybe it could possibly become my new signature scent. :)
  Unfortunately, it turns out that this is a fragrance I can't wear at all. :(
  The minute I sprayed it on my wrist I smelled something that reminded me of celery and sea salt. (Or maybe seaweed and sea salt, lol??) It reminds me of the ocean or the beach but not in a good way. It's the kind of smell I immediately want to wash off of me. When the fragrance developed I could actually smell the roses, but mixed with the other notes even that kind of came across as nauseating on me. I know that sounds harsh, but I'm just being really honest here. This fragrance is definitely not for me. (Either that, or this bottle was "off", but i strongly suspect this is a perfume that just doesn't work on me.) There are other rose fragrances that I love BTW (Like Red Door by Elizabeth Arden or Coco by Chanel for example) so it's not like I hate rose perfume either. I just don't care for this one. LOL!

edit: I just realized what it is about this fragrance that I dislike so much. On me, the only notes I can really smell a lot are the base notes (amber and cedar.) There are other rose and cedar fragrances that I love and that were done really well (see: Feminite du Bois)but it's because they are balanced well with other notes. In this one, I am mainly just smelling the green woody notes and they unfortunately come across as harsh on me. 
I sniffed the sprayer on the bottle and thought, this smells nice. I guess I was thinking that the sweetness would come thru during drydown or something. I was wrong. This smells like a cheap white floral that stays the same thru drydown. I was horrified at how much it cost, and I believe this is by Coty now. So Karl must have sold the name only to Coty because it smells nothing like the originial.
I am a fan of Crabtree&Evelyn's simple Rose eu Fraiche and am always on the look out for complicated rose perfume to match it. So I was eager to smell this right away! But I too was disappointed, it was chemical smelling and degraded the rose note.Just yesterday a girl passed me on the street who was wearing it. Tho I recognised it as Chloe, I was more aware of a harsh chemical punctuation.
A very potent, cloying mix featuring an abstract, new artificial rose from a chemical lab. Rather mono-linear, very clear, lacking depth and development. Being the sheer opposite of a multi-facetted scent, this fragrance bores me stiff and creates a cold atmosphere.Opposite of a so-called "hug-me" fragrance. Picture it on icy women.  
An appealing bottle undermined by it's contents. I expected something elegant and light but sadly found the combination of lychee and rose to be overwhelmingly heavy - almost a bit rotten. Good staying power though - I couldn't wash it off!

Sorry but this is a stinker.  I just ordered the EDT online b/c of the good reviews.  I can't handle it.  To be fair, I hate most women's perfumes, but I keep trying to find one I like  ( I do like but don't love Clinique Happy In Bloom, and there are handful of men's colognes that I like.)  Since EDT is lighter than perfume, I thought that Chloe EDT should be safe.  But one waft of Chloe knocked my socks off (not in a good way).  Against my better judgement, I put the tiniest bit on just to see if it would somehow magically change to something pleasant.  I had to wash my wrist several times and couldn't completely get rid of the smell.  The next day...that same spot on my wrist did smell a little nice--but nothing I would want to smell on purpose.  I would much rather just smell clean than smell like Chloe.  If the EDT is that strong I can't imagine how strong the perfume must be!  Its combination of aromas gives me a headache.  To me it does not smell clean at all.  It smells extremely heavy and just plain stinky--like it is covering up something very offensive.  It is a fascinating mystery to me that some people love this while I am repelled.  (But I feel the same way about CK Obsession and RL Polo.  They are repulsive to me as well.)

This scent inspired me to begin my journey as a fragrance enthusiast, so I can't turn against it completely, but I've fallen out of love with it and would no longer recommend it. It now seems unpleasantly thick and waxy in a "scented candle"-y sort of way, with the best elements of the composition tucked away beneath the vanilla.

In 2007 it was undeniably original, a bold evolution of the gourmand tobacco that had evolved over the prior five or six years into a strong market presence. In the ensuing decade, it spawned countless descendants, many of which bested it by building compositions with more clarity and structure and intrigue.
Quite disappointed with this PRODUCT, which was quite expensive.

The smell is simply unpleasant...  Objectively, it's unpleasant.  This is not a preference so much as the Formulation should not be worn by people.

I sense that the 'Tom Ford' name sucks customers into buying things such as this.  Count me as someone who is regretful.  I left it for the Hotel Cleaning staff when I checked out of a stay in London.

I find this nauseating. The sweetness comes over very synthetic to me (that doesn't mean it is). Tobacco Vanille tries to be inoffensive, mainstream. I wouldn't downvote for that. But after wearing this for an hour or so, I cannot stand it anymore - too linear, too sweet, too synthetic (for lack of a better word). Try Amouage Journey if you like Tobacco.
You're a Vape Bro and you favor gingerbread cookie flavored vape juice.  

I went to Neiman Marcus to put a couple sprays on to try it. On my drive home, I thought it smelled very feminine and I had mistakenly put on a perfume. The vanilla note is very prevalent and as a result, is a sweet scent. I am a fan of sweet smells, but not this one. 

Too girly for me. 
Surprisingly bad. I was excited for a sweeter tobacco but all I get is a too-sweet vanilla. 

I must be getting some of the spices because, when all is said and done, this reminds me of eggnog. So sad.
Don't get it. This sucks. Soaking tobacco leaves in vanilla would probably smell better. Maybe it is the chocolate note that does it for me. 
Probably The Most Overrated Fragrances I Have Ever Had!  Just got my bottle of TV from Bergdorf Goodman's, along with Roja Dove and By Killian's.  I Have Many Creeds, By Kilian's, Krigler, Clive Christian and Roja Dove.  Tom Ford and The Clive Christian 1872 Are By Far The Worst Scents I Have Purchased in the Last 8-10 Years.  However, TV does project very well and lasts a very long time.  On the other hand, I just received my First Roja Dove, Sweetie Aoud, One of The Best Scents I Ever Smelled, but doesn't last very long!!  Don't know if there is a Perfect Scent, but Roja Dove Is Pretty Close!!!!!

starts with an incredible tobacco scent then goes horribly sweet ends up vanillaThis is one of the most wonderfully opening masculine scents in my opinion ! so intense , very clear tobacco. i almost rush to buy the bottle but as i tested it the vanilla became stronger until it was so cloying i actually felt nauseous. Its so sad that the vanilla is just too over  powering and horrible horribly sweet in my opinion. It projects well with great silage but honestly it ends up smelling of artificial vanilla custard powder. if this was reformulated to be less of a sledgehammer it would be a masterpiecePros: incredible opening of tobaccoCons: really really horrible after about 2 hours. "

I don't get this scent. I almost feel sick when I smell this. Tried to give it away, but no one seemed to like it.
Where do I start with this? First let me say that I'm a big fan of Tom Ford fragrances and I'd been looking forward to trying this for a while. Well yesterday I found myself in Harvey Nichols in Leeds and so I gave it a go.

I'll leave it up to those with much more experience to describe exactly what notes are detectable and how they develop, but what I will say is that I found it awful to the point of being offensive. My girlfriend agreed and even made me get straight in the shower to scrub it off when we got home!

I'm just starting out trying new fragrances whilst I build my collection and I understand that Tom Ford can be a little 'out there' with his private blends. That said, I can't ever imagine it to be socially acceptable to smell like this. I've read the positive reviews with interest and am surprised to see that there's a lot of love for this on here so I guess it's a case of love it or hate it, but I will advise people to try this one before you buy!

Caraway and play-doh heliotrope. I couldn't stand this on my skin. There is a weirdness to this note that isn't appealing at all. There is a fragrance beneath this that speaks of sophistication, though it is drowned out by play-doh, a heliotrope synthesis gone bad I suppose. But really, the formulation itself also comes across with a synthetic glamour and a certain obviousness. 
It might work great on someone in their 20's, as long as that play-doh note doesn't arise. I remember that time in my life - I loved an air of sophistication, without knowing what the hell that was. I wanted something that smelled good to me, and fit in with what my friends wore. It didn't go much beyond that and I wasn't looking for complexity then.
But really, what went wrong with this one on me was that caraway/play-doh note.
Woody Oriental

Hypnotic Poison is one of those fragrances that dispense with the top notes and skip right ahead into their main corpus. And what a corpulent body this one is! 

Hypnotic Poison pops out of the bottle as a thick, dark, velvety gourmand with a prominent fuzzy-sweet woody base. Cocoa powder and coconut blend with a buttery vanilla to make a milk chocolate fudge of an accord. If you took A*Men and stripped it of its discordant camphor and patchouli, or pried the licorice out of Lolita Lempicka au Masculin, you’d probably wind up with something very close to Hypnotic Poison. There is a twofold implication to this likeness: first, Hypnotic Poison is very much a unisex perfume, and second, it’s a lot less complex and interesting than its masculine precursors. (One of which, by the way, was composed by the same perfumer.) In fact, without much by way of florals, citrus, fruit, or spice to temper its central gourmand accord, Hypnotic Poison comes across as unrelievedly dense and ponderous. It’s probably good if you like this sort of thing to begin with, but since I don’t I’m not an adequate judge. 

A very light watery almond scent - I get none of the other notes. This is one of those so airy non-scents that it adds up to nonsense.

I had high hopes for this fragrance, but on me it's terrible. Opens with a faint anise-like smell I attribute to allspice and then becomes something weirdly unpleasant...perhaps the allspice with fruit. Whatever it is, it comes off as leather + rubber to my nose and is nauseating. This lasts for quite a while before HP gets to its drydown, which is mostly sweet vanilla with some bitter almond cutting through and a touch of musk/spice from the sandalwood. The drydown is enjoyable, but not enough to offset the nose-wrinkling middle notes. 
I don't like hp. I received it as a present and wore it in winter. It doesn't make me feel special or feminine, it doesn't add any charme to me. And this is what I want from a parfume. But hp just gives me headache. I know many friends had the same problem. Another thing that strikes me about hp is that there are a lot of cheap copies of it. It is veeery easy to copy hp, and apart for the longevity these copies are very similar to the original!

I have only tried Hypnotic Poison three times, and each time it has given me an instant migraine. On me it turns into a very sickly chocolate ice cream type smell.Needless to say, it's a fragrance I now steer clear of!

Let the hypnosis to the wizards, please. This woody-oriental, bitter-sweet blend of almond and coconut, very addictive for many young women all over the world, reminds me a bit Heliothope Etro (far, far better appointed and with a right level of sweetness) resulting nevertheless to my profane nose too much sweetly flavoured by vanilla, too much pretentiously glamour, too cloying, too exaggeratedly gourmand, be lacking that ethereal and mysterious delicacy towards which this kind of fragrances would have to aim in order to be valued appreciable. The caraway provides projection, a bit of dissonance, and dustiness. Being lacking boldness and naughtiness, not proper to gourmand fragrances in my opinion, being lacking of evocative power and failing, despite the jasmine sambac, the attempt to catch the train of glamour and chic, what is left for us is a bowl of coconutty sugar, a vanilla pudding or a stand of sweets standing in a popular religious mediterranean feast. To be worn sparingly because of its atomic projection. Not for my taste.
I love the idea of this scent, a dry and spicy top with heated woods and sweet spices hitting immediately, warming a feminine jasmine and oakmoss heart.First whiff from the bottle I thought "Wow", but had not finished that word in my mind when I realized I did not want this on me. But finally I gave it a chance on the skin.It fails completely and utterly. The synthetic and harsh woods collide with an overwhelmingly sickly sweetness and the result is offensive, flat and uninteresting. Hypnotic Poison is like a cheap copy of a perfume I would very much like to try. Since then I've smelled it on hoards of women and sadly the impression is always the same, it doesn't seem to adapt any wearer. 

Burberry for Women is a warm, slightly sweet fragrance. It seems to meld luxuriously with your skin and I can understand why some people describe this as a classy, sexy fragrance or sprinkle the word 'cashmere' around as a reference - but I just don't like it. There is a men's Lynx (Axe in the US) deodorant that smells exactly like this - I think it's the Africa one, but I'm not exactly sure. I've always hated it - a sourness over sugar discord. Admittedly, Burberry for Women is a nicer, smoother, more luxurious version of it, but when you smell like cheap male deodorant, you smell like cheap male deodorant.
I made a blind buy of a bottle called Burberry London--from before it was re-named just "Burberry." Feels like I'm wearing a completely different scent from the notes described above. I don't get lavender, bergamot, or mint, as listed in the notes. I get something creamy, sort of fruity (peach?) that has a sweet almost root beer or cotton candy tinge to it. And a very faint edge of something weird--if I were more knowledgeable about perfume, perhaps I could name it. It's like an almost fleshy scent, like the inside of your nose. Like fresh meat inside plastic. Is that strange? I want to say I like this perfume, but I can't, because of this strange thing I detect.  I'll try it again, and see if it grows on me. 
Another headache inducing fragrance for me. It seem to be a popular choice around here in Asia, so I give it a try. Bad pick for a Sunday night testing as I gotta work tomorrow and right now I feel so dizzy. The opening of heady, sickly sweet notes hit me like a ton of bricks. Then comes something green and bitter, so bitter I still can feel it in my mouth. I don't recall if I have smelled this on a person. It's just not for me. 
Thi perfume seems to be invisible on me.  I am now using it to spray in the bedroom.  It doesn't last very long at all.  I have taken to Lolita Lempicka instead--a scent you can actually smell.
I bought this early on in my addiction, and really wanted to love it.  Sadly, there is a lingering smell of soap in it to me.  If you remember the way that bubble-blowing liquid soap solutions smells, that is what I'm talking about.  The other notes smell nice, and it seems to be well made.
The musk in this perfume is so disgusting and its so powerful I can't even take it off even after showering myself. 

This starts off with a whiff of watery fruit - not sweet I might add, but a rich and slightly sour pomegranate/plum with a somewhat medicinal spice hovering in the background. Within 15 minutes the fruit dissipated and the spice made a huge and melodramatic entrance. That makes it sound very exciting, doesn't it? Well unfortunately the warm medicinal spice smells like embrocation on me - a smell I do actually enjoy, but I would never consider wearing it deliberately. Too many associations with sprained ankles, sore backs and other injuries. It does have quite a kick - this is not a skin scent and despite giving my wrist a good hard scrub it remained firmly in place several hours later when the ghost of that fruity opening reappeared, this time in rather sickly fashion. The extreme drydown is mentholated patchouli. I don't know if my skin ruined this fragrance or if I just don't like it, so I'll give it a neutral to be diplomatic. *Edit* One night, two showers and several fits of frantic scrubbing and I still smell quite strongly of embrocation. Just when I think it's worn off, I suddenly become redolent of eau de sports-injury all over again. I could get a similar effect by smearing myself in Tiger Balm, plus Tiger Balm is considerably cheaper and genuinely medicinal. To hell with diplomacy, this one's a scrubber.
When I first put this on, I could distinctly smell the pomegranate, and a woody note. It was okay, but very weak, and then it was gone. Many scents don't last long on me, but this one disappears almost immediately.
I sprayed while getting dressed this morning, and at first picked out some fruit and a very soft patchouli. I thought to myself, this one might be a Jo Malone that I actually like. 

Then about 10 min in it started to change. I got a distint impression of Noxema from the 70's. Is that menthol? Camphor? Eucalyptas? Regardless, I took my son to kindergarten today feeling like those around me thought I may have some skin condition I was medicating. 

So now I am about an hour and a half in, and though that medicated smell is still half present, the fruit is kind of starting to peek through. All in all it's not an unpleasant smell, but not one I want to smell like. I have tried a few Jo malone's and as of yet I don't understand the hype or the hefty price tag. 


'Crikey, there's one helluva stench of Ajax or Vim in here' exclaimed my new best friend. And the scales fell from my eyes. Having no wish to smell like someone who cleans their own bath ( even though this is the case), I no longer wear this scent.
I've never been quite sure about Jo Malone fragrances - I can appreciate Lime, Basil & Mandarin whilst not wanting to wear it myself, whilst Red Roses would be a wonderful parfum d'ambience (pity they don't do a candle yet) so I wandered into one of her shops to try a few of the others, PN was recommended by a friend so I started there. The shops themselves are a hedonistic delight; cool clean decor, elegant packaging, and always a lovely scented candle in the background - mmm, maybe that's not such a bright idea when you're trying to choose a fragrance - however PN wasn't bad, so I put a spritz of that on one wrist and another of French Lime Blossom on the other and carried on down Bond St. Half an hour later PN was doing OK, a bit fruity & not as elegant as I had expected from the description but I was willing to give it a B+, probably not for me but I didn't think I would give it a thumbs-down. By the end of the afternoon I was desperate to get back home & have a shower.This is probably the ideal perfume if you need to diet (it certainly put me off my food) or need to keep the rest of the world at bay. The drydown is superb (if you really want to smell like that) but the sour, overripe fruity, sweaty smell was definitely the stuff of dreams - remember some of your dreams?
I envisioned a holiday-type scent, vibrant and sparkling, but all I can get out of this concoction is patchouli (which I abhor) and so this is a scrubber for me as well.  
This was my sister's siganture perfume till I got her Honeysuckle and Jasmine..why ? - because honestly this smells firstly like tart fruit and then later -  sour fruit and sour sweat in a combo . The longevity is quite impressive so eau de fruit-sweat followed my sister everywhere.  Truly dire stuff. 
An overpowering potpourri fragrance. For a short while I actually didnt mind this fragrance, when there were only a few beings wearing it, now I cant go anywhere without my nasal passage being assaulted by this clawing raspberry, pomegranate and pepper scent. This is the kind of 'room scent' I imagine witches would use to camouflage the smell of rotten frogs legs. It gives off hues of auburn and earthy reds in the imagination. This said I imagine the candle form of this fragrance would be lovely during the festive season. If it weren't for the elitist image of Jo Malone this fragrance would die a very quick death, or at least I hope it would. For a well blended pomegranate fragrance try Annick Goutal Quel Amour or Dior's Addict 2.
I feel like an ignoramus from a different planet when I read most of the reviews of this fragrance.  (But as far as I know only the first part is true.)  For me Pomegranate Noir is truly awful!  JM categorises it as a “fruity” fragrance and if I am very quick there is a nondescript fruity smell initially – though not resembling any pomegranate I have ever known.  But that is entirely irrelevant as it is completely overwhelmed by a dreadful, chemical pong sickeningly reminiscent of industrial strength antiseptic.  To make matters worse it’s the type of smell that gets stuck in your nose and feels as if it has bound itself to your nasal mucous.  And it lasts!  And lasts and lasts.  It is still evident after 24 hours and doesn't wash off easily.  I thought that maybe I just didn’t “get it” until my partner complained about the stench and begged me not to wear it again.  I bought it as part of the combining coffret and have tried combining it without success; that overwhelming chemical odour just overpowers everything.  We’re trying it as a toilet spray in our guest loo now at the risk of making out guests gag.  Let’s see what reaction it gets...  Update: What fresh hell is this?!  Someone has sprayed this in the vicinity of the downstairs loo.  It is now 7 hours later and the noxious smell still lingers in a pernicious pall.  That's it: I will have to trash this.  But am not sure how - it must surely constitute a chemical hazard! 

Jo Malone Pomegranate Noir EDCNotes: raspberry, plum, pink pepper, pomegranate, patchouli, frankincense, spicy woods (from jomalone.com)I have smelled pomegranates before--fruit, seed, juice and also oil pressed from the seeds.  None of what I have smelled from real pomegranate smells like Pomegranate Noir.  What I do smell is a very heavy spicy accord of cinnamon, clove, cardamom and cedar wood.  If there is any fruit here, it is completely overwhelmed.  The fragrance is not really dark as in "noir", but it is rather heavy compared to many other Jo Malone fragrances, and it is a bit sickening due to its poorly judged proportion of spice. In other words, PN lacks complexity, deftness and balance.  Despite the heavy spice accord and woody notes, there is no real substance to speak of.  If hamster cages were lined with cinnamon along with the typical cedar shavings, this is what it would smell like.  It is a scrubber.  
Hmm. Was dying to try this as have heard so much raving about it. Disappointingly spicy, cheap and jarring to my nose. Can't see what all the fuss is about, big thumbs down.
I'm not saying it isn't an attractive (though strong) scent, I just can't imagine *wearing* it -- to me, it smells like a very nice, very expensive holiday candle. Or other room scent. With the subtle undertones of Vick Vap-O-Rub. It's just too aggressively fruity and camphor-like for a personal scent; it's like wearing potpourri. And actually, the camphor notes are starting to make me think of cleaning products -- a luxe riff on Pine-Sol or something. Lemon Pledge smells good too, but I wouldn't dab it behind my ear.
Smells like a cross between old pot pourri and wine dregs. Thick, cloying and crude.
I am not joking: This smells exactly like Vicks Vapor rub!!Its really kind of chemical and medicine smelling. I agree that it smells like a hamsters cage cedar chips.I sprayed it on my skin and it smelled like Black pepper.This fragrance should be called "Vicks Vapor Rub-Black Pepper Blossom"

You're sitting in time-out wondering why you're munching on some sour Fig Newtons, drinking sour rosewater, and sitting on some sour, wet hay in a stuffy barn. The Noir 29 by Le Labo.

2 sprays and you will be transported back in time to your early teens, you know, the insecure glory days. 

Hanging out at the donut shop, sporting tight trousers and applying half a can of Axe body spray with an itchy trigger finger. Good times. 

0 stars. 
I acquired a bottle of this under batch code# SA422 and I must say I'm not impressed with Eros by Versace.

I get an opening slightly fresh of mint then it's coated over by a lot of vanilla. I get green apple, cedar, and little ambroxan in the blend. Occasionally the mint peeping through the vanilla body of this fragrance.

I get about 8 hours of light projection with this fragrance so it's no performance beast. Eros to me scent wise isn't unpleasant...but it's a rip off at cost. It's an office and casual wear fragrance. This fragrance has a lot in common with the Penguin/Musingwear apple based fragrances that were designed before Eros and are about $20.




Tried it in a store after seeing it being hyped by youtubers recently. 

It's a good aquatic but in a way it's sort of like a glorified Axe/Lynx product. You know, the blue/marine/aquatic ones like Marine, Apollo and Click. Eros is a lot like the shower gels of aforementioned. Which is not a bad scent and back in my teens I always thought Axe's shower gels actually smell better than their body spray counterparts. 

That's what Versace Eros is to me, a very good aquatic shower gel scent (although done more naturally) with the longevity of an EdT. Would have loved this as a youngster in the late 90's but it smells dated now. 

Need to mention this one's stingy on the Ambroxan to me, keeping it from entering that Sauvage and Invictus vibe that's currently marketed as being the best and most modern way to smell. 

Minty and aquatic, barely perceivable leather. Coumarin and geraniol like Axe/lynx only not as much of it.

Boy oh boy where do I start. So I was interested in Versace, because of all of the positive reviews, just like Bleu. Big mistake. 
Eros, is very sharp and harsh and syntheticly sweet. It gives me a headache, and it is just too much. 
Unless you are in a club, where pretty much ANYTHING smells good, this is not pleasant. 
There is Strong lemon and some VERY synthetic smell underneath that is headache inducng. Thank God I just bought samples, I will be happy to give them away to guys I know that go clubbing. 
I will start this off by saying that vanilla is not one of my favorite notes, however, I like it in certain situations (JPG Le Male, for instance). This is nothing but uber sweet synthetic vanilla and mint. If you like super super sweet scents, you will like this. I'm not sure I understand the hype around this, though. It seems like it attempts to do what Le Male does, but it doesn't quite achieve that euphoric mix. I've tried wearing this several times and it's super cloying. I can't imagine this working in the super hot humid southern US summers. Like I said, if you enjoy sweet vanilla you will probably like this, but I would definitely recommend trying it before you buy it. 

I made the mistake of spraying this on myself while browsing through Macey's. Ugh...I had to continue walking through the mall with my wife while the stench of this stuff clung to me like a bad nightmare. I got nauseated within about 40 minutes and by the time we left the mall, I was almost ready to beg for someone to turn a fire hose on me. It is far too strong and cloying in a very bad way. The only positive is that the bottle looks very cool. Eros means romantic love, but the name of this scent to me would have to be "Miso", which of course would be Greek for "hate". Big thumbs down...
Not very creative! but I appreciated that in the sample I received there was the olfactive pyramid explained and the olfactive family quoted. A good way to inform and disseminate the culture of perfumes. 
WAY TOO STRONG!
This can be used a clubbing scent in the same spirit as 1 Million, Le Male.
I cannot imagine a mature male using this in an office environment or at church as it would be too cloying.

It's not a BAD smell; it's just overwhelming and ever-present (like Axe).
Maybe it will burn itself out in a year.

I can imagine those under 26 or over 65 wearing this to "make the scene" in a club as they unnecessarily yell into your ear "CAN YOU SMELL MY COLOGNE?".

10 minutes after spraying this on, it wasn't hard to determine Eros' target market....15 to 20 yr olds, looking for attention.   This mess will compete with the worst of scents in any tight room.   If that's your need, knock yourself out...  

Truly awful stuff.
Eros is another uninspiring release from the house of Versace. It opens up with citrus-fruity accord and smells good for the first few minutes. But then the tonka bean, vanilla and other notes set in, leading to a gourmandish mess. It is in the same ballpark as modern clubbing fragrances such as Le Male and 1 Million. In this particular olfactory niche the bar for being a decent composition is rather low, but this one still misses the mark. 

The bottle looks good, the cap outright tacky. 
Welcome to the factory of vanilla powder. Pure trash. 
I've tried this one from a sample for the last week, on and off. It's exactly what you'd expect from a mass market brand - utterly bland, designed to be characterless so as to offend as few people as possible and thereby to appeal to the widest market. It's "nice", up to a point, but it's also instantly forgettable. It doesn't create a mood or enhance one's spirit, it doesn't intrigue or elevate. It just sits there being polite.

Give me something with distinction any day.

1/10
Don't like it. It kind of gives me a headache. 
The usual tiresome, sweet, fruity, synthetic, charmless, obnoxious, loud dreck.
The bottle is a masterpiece, but it goes downhill from there.

I was expecting a quality masculine aquatic but this is sweet, sickly perfume in the style of 1 Million. Avoid if you are over 18.
To be fair, Eros isn't as bad as I expected.  I assumed from the blue bottle that it would be just another "bleu" Windex aquatic.  Don't get me wrong - it IS a Windex aquatic, but the harsh chemical smell is tempered with mint and lavender and paired up with a sour-milk caramelized marshmallow smell instead of the ubiquitous grape drank or fake citrus that scents like this usually use.

That being said, I haven't really liked Eros.  It's REALLY obvious that this was some marketing team's attempt to make something that smells like One Million and, even if it were more unique, I just don't like that sharp Windex chemical smell, and I dislike it even more when awkwardly paired with Angel-esque super-sweet notes.  Oh well, more for the youngsters...

Light Blue - Dolce & Gabanna
Horrendously bad fragrance. Not even worth discussing but I do anyway for the sake of humanity: Light Blue is the Stinker of all Stinkers.
Heard good things but this didn't work for me. Much too sweet, fruity, and fresh-laundry smelling. Maybe if I was ever an outdoorsy all-American 18-year-old, this might have worked for me in the past (though I doubt it). But as a professional 30-year-old woman who appreciates gourmet food (Wuyi rock teas, earthy red beans, spices, umami flavours), this was much too teenybopper.

Will make notes later on the longevity as it wears throughout the day.

This is one of the few fragrances I truly LOATHE. It makes me feel nauseated and I have developed migraines from it. I used to have a coworker who would wear it and it reeked so bad it took my breath away. This is not a "clean, non-offensive" scent.  Please could everyone only wear this one in the privacy of their own homes. I'd rather smell a tire fire. 
I don't get why people love this. On me it smells exactly like a popular dish washer we used for years. Very synthetic and nauseating citrus scent that made me horrified, honestly. If you're a fan of citrus this may be your favorite though. It's a reallly popular scent.
Salutation.

The name of this EDT describes it perfectly LIGHT BLUE.So Popular because it is Lightness and Freshness not overpowering and Offensive. Tasty, Crisp,Clean,Unisex,Youthful,Casual, Light and Sporty.

It has a Refreshing and Light mixture of Light Flowers and Citrusy notes.You can really smell a touch of Apple and Lemon in it with a Cute floral heart and a Soft base of Musk and Amber that makes it quite Gentle on the Skin.

Everyone can use this type fragrances in their Collection.LIGHT BLUE is for a Active Character That Appreciates freedom and dislike Sharp smell too.It remindes me of a Light spring day.Anyway if You think about a Special Example this is not for You!

Sillage?Avreage.

Longevity?About 4 hours on my skin.

6/10 
Don't believe the hype.  Light is right. Airy, breezy and gone like the wind.  Pass. 2 out of 5.
(*)

Apparently Dolce & Gabbana decided that a demure shampoo fragrance wasn't vile enough, for the woody amber in this thing hisses like a pissed off cat. Really bad. 

Synthetic and aquatic - really boring!
Sharp citrus mixed with a synthetic aqua. It doesn't say fresh to me, it says sour. My work colleague let me sample it in the office. After a while she 'fessed up- she uses it to spray on her feet to keep them cool! It's not out and out bad, it's just not very nice. Right now I'm wishing I'd put it on my feet too,  instead of my arm, it's getting more sour and artificial as time goes on and is strong and persistent.
Iso E Super anyone?  A kind of citrus sherbet opening evolving into a clearly synthetic cedar mid-phase (kind of incensey) with barely perceptible fruity-floral patterns. Boring, uninteresting and definitely unbalanced on the synthetic side. Undeservedly popular and firmly unpleasant.
Even though this fragrance is so popular, I don't understand the appeal. It opens up to a tart granny smith apple, which gets bogged down by floral scents. The name suits it completely - you will smell a light aquatic scent in this Light Blue. But, it's too airy, and sweet for my taste. I might mistake cleaning my bathroom mirror with this instead of Windex. Too harsh? Yea, it doesn't work for me.

But, this scent does fit young teens perfectly. It's fresh and flirty. Anyone over 20 should opt for other aquatic scents.
I must say the opening isn't bad -sort of nice ,clean,fresh scent (this is probably what has hooked the masses of wearers) but unfortunately it ends in a sharp Windex+"clean"musk +pencils ---Bleah!!!!
I will say I have had the experience of customers coming into my workplace in the drydown stage after they had apparently hosed down in the stuff ."To freshen up"
I could TASTE this from across the store(at least 60 feet/20 meters away!).
So even if it rates as okay scentwise(topnotes only) I dislike it for the bad drydown .The wearers of this seem to like it for the topnotes and keep reapplying for that "hit"--only it is a edt not a splash cologne.Soon enough another hairspray/windex silliage horror is chokingly born.
 For something with 'Light' in the name she sure can shriek. Funny, when I was glossing over the pyramid I thought for a moment the 'bamboo' read, 'bimbo.' That's how little I enjoy this scent - my brain is trying to subconsciously rewrite the ingredients! Seriously, if I had a time machine, I wouldn't save Lincoln. I wouldn't warn the citizens of Pompeii.  I would stop Light Blue from being made.
This was a complete shock! I expected something light and bright, citrusy or apple-y, a crowd pleaser. But to me, it smells like Lemon Pledge sprayed onto pastry dough. It's actually kind of gross, and I'm afraid I found it rather nauseating. I only made it through about 90 minutes before scrubbing.I get no apple or cedar out of this at all. I get a fakey, citrusy mix wrapped around a core of what smells to me like saffron. I'm all for the avant-garde, but this combination just strikes me as ill-advised.I do acknowledge the brilliance of the name, though. Light blue is exactly the color of this fragrance! Milky, pale, passive-aggressive.Very hard to scrub off, as it turns out.
When I first got this one, I was looking for something to replace my favorite scent because I didn't think it was in production anymore. When I first tried this, I thought it was lovely, and didn't realize how many people were wearing it. 

It takes a while to drop down to the base notes on it, and it has a very sharp top note. If you're looking for sillage, this has it, and if you're looking for longevity, this one is definitely for you. It's harder to get rid of than fleas. However, much like other strong fragrances, this must be used very, VERY lightly, or it's overpowering, and you get tired of it after a while and want to wash it off to try on something different. I would much have preferred that it have come in something other than a spray bottle, as it's difficult to control a spray. If worn sparingly, it can be nice. 

I, however, tired of it very quickly, and would never buy another bottle of it. It ends up cloying in large doses, and even when you *do* use it lightly, it gets kind of annoying. After a short while on your dresser, you'd rather rub vanilla extract on your wrists than use it again.
When I smell this on other people I don't like it. Now it makes my stomach turn so I won't wear it anymore. And what's worse this is one of those scents that everyone is wearing. My husband hated it too, could never wear it around him, now I see why!

I was looking for a gift and sniffed this one inadvertently. What a regret, I wish I never had. It's not a fragrance, it's an essential stench!It’s horrible, suffocating, bitter, nasty, irritating, all permeating, and not going away. It made me sick and nauseated for at least half an hour just by smelling it. I remember from a long time ago the same "aroma" was hovering over the fragrance counter at a VERY cheap department store. On a positive side though, it can make an excellent agent for the chemical warfare - will disable your adversaries in split seconds and it lasts! Unfortunately, I can not specify the ingredients, but I wish I knew what they were, so if I saw them I would have a chance to avoid getting sick again.
Don't like it on myself or anyone else. It starts out saying, "Don't pay any attention to me, I'll be fading away any minute," and rather than vanishing, ends up smelling like spoiled baby formula. I tried very hard to like it, but ultimately, it didn't merit the effort. I don't understand what all the fuss is about and I think if anyone still wears it in 20 years, it will be because they are giving it away at TJ Maxx. Smells exactly like all the other watery frags of that started off the millennium and made you wish you had been born in time to wear the frags of the 1920s.
I am so over this perfume.  Seven years ago, I used four sprays and promptly gave it to a friend.  I'm not literate enough in the language of perfume to explain why I don't like it.  I just don't.  Maybe it's the fruit or the distinct smell of light blue I'm not crazy about.   Light Blue on a man is difficult to envision. (not that there's anything wrong with that.)  What a man he'd have to be to pull THAT off.The friend to whom I gave my Light Blue loved it...and the friend is a she. 
Instant headache potion.I owned and loved this for a few months when I was 13 or 14, back when it was fashionable. I'm not sure what happened, but overnight I couldn't wear it anymore. I think it is the cloyingly sweet woodsy note that burns itself into my brain and attempts to fry it. Sadly, I now am at the point where I can get physically ill even smelling the *cloud* emanating from someone else wearing it on the street or (god forbid) in a closed space like a train. 
I really expected to like this one, but don't care for it at all. Hopefully a friend will like it and take my bottle off my hands.  It smells artificial and harsh to me.  I agree with the comment about it smelling masculine. 

"I will return to Paris tomorrow evening. Don't wash," wrote Napolean to Josephine.

This fragrance is what she smelled like...
It starts as one of my worst nightmares: a flare of flowers, especially jasmine and  orange blossom the way I hate them (I can't exactly explain how it is  but I could recognize it everywhere: sharp, oily, dirty in an uninteresting way,sickly sweet...).
I barely keep myself from scrubbing the fragrance from my arm when something familiar for me emerges and...it's Dyptique Ofresia I'm smelling!! The same peppery and wet, transparent woody notes that I loved so much for a couple of years, long ago, before breaking a half full bottle on the bathroom floor and beginning to loathe it. This one doesn't even need spilling: the base notes, annoyingly long lasting, soon turn chemical and soapy, rendering the fragrance quite nasty for me.

Heavy, cloying, strong, overly sweet oriental. Headache-inducing for me, had to scrub this.
Not a fan. Starts off very strong, has a synthetic weird smell like an old fashion hair product---maybe dipity-do! 
I got the EDT after reading these reviews, and simillar ones elsewhere. As i luuuw musky scents, i had high hopes for this one. But, there was only this high pitch synthetic note taking over the whole show. No musk at all. I dont know what that dominating note is, as im a perfume novice. But my OH my, it got the power!!! After four scrubs under the sink and two showers, its was finally gone. This makes me wonder; how come my fav perfumes doesnt stay on my skin that long?
I had great hopes for this(edp) for the first 5 minutes.Each time I tried it, the opening was an interesting play of floral notes---then a sour note reared up and dominated all for the next eon. Icky orange flower?? So I scrubbed it.  
I tried to like this one, the bottle is pretty, and I heard it was like Lovely, which I also wanted to like.But they smell overwhelmingly strong to me, like bugspray.  I don't know which component is giving that bitter smell, I feel there are other notes that are nice, but I had to return it to the store.  Glad Sephoragave me my money back.

Since no one has given a list of notes for this, I will do so, per Sephora:  Honey Flower, Solar Musk, Orange Blossom, Osmanthus, Amberlyn, Vanilla, Tactile Musk, Tactile Woods, Vetiver.     Regrettably, I am in the minority who feels sickened by the smell of this perfume.   So I can’t recommend it.   
Not my cup of tea. It smells like grape hyacinths (Muscari) + a big brioche (yeast!). It is not sexy at all, it's "yeasty". 
Don't like this one at all, it literally makes me sick to my stomach
I agree with with several of the oppinions posted above -  when I have this on, the smell of it on my skin makes me ill. I love florals, so I can't imagine it is the jasmine...there's something about the notes in the dry down that really don't agree with me. Just muskiness, but not in a good way. That said, I've smelled it on others and it was lovely. 
I was very disappointed in this.  It contains many of my favorite notes, but as soon as I put it on - I regretted it.  I tried to be a sport and give it a chance, but I ended up running to the sink to wash it off.  It made me sick almost immediately.  Not to mention it turned kind of "old lady perfume" on me.  I'm really sad that this didn't work on me.

There’s a blatant dirty note in this - I’m surprised it’s not mentioned more.  The first time I tested this on skin, I even went to my kitchen spice rack in the hopes I could identify this almost-but-not-quite sweaty smell.  No dice - thyme smells totally different.  I’m not able to discern any raspberry (or any other fruity note), no jasmine, either.  As it dries down, it becomes very petrochemical and finally I get a clear peek at the leather.  The black leather is hard, nothing soft or suede-like (I ride a Harley, and my black leather reference is the smell of my riding chaps).  The gasoline smell eventually slides away to leave leather standing alone.  I’ve tried this several times now and the conclusion I’ve arrived at is the drydown (just ok, not great) isn’t worth what I have to endure to get there.
This is a very dry leather. As if you're smelling a totally dried up tan leather hide at a manufacturer's place. If there's even raspberry present in the opening, it's a very papery one and almost not present at all. Also, it's as if the stem of the plant has been scraped too. 

After the opening the spicyness is, well, awful. A harsh thyme, making it lean towards the scent of a kitchen spices cupboard. My best description atttempt: a concoction of thyme, cloves and sharp incense.

If only that leathery opening just remained as is. I would have rated it neutral. More raspberry and with the spice mess out of it, I would've rated it positive even. Where Tuscan leather goes however after the opening is just.. bad, for a lack of better words. Oh and then there's the price...
Not unpleasant just joyless; a monotone ashtray experience. 
Made the mistake of putting this on my skin.  Leatherman leather scent mixed with Estee Lauder Beautiful.  Don't get me wrong, Beautiful is a good aldahydic floralish, but putting cheap leather over the top is worse than me putting Li over "the leather scent" (try it, you'll like it).  For what you are charging for Estee Lauder crap - you should be ashamed.  I mean you really cute and alll..wait, no, you should be ashamed.  Also, leather was gone in less than 15 minutes.  Seriously?  Just use a little more of the fetish shop oil.  That shit lasts all day.
This is a complete joke. If want to smell like leather buy Rasasi La Yuqawam which is more subtle and fresh (as much as any leather can be) and is almost a delight.
If you want to be ripped off with a lower quality fragrance then Tom Ford it is but rest assured no one who smells it will know. Maybe you want to feel you smell like the inside of a Veyron? After all art should be for you not the beholder. In this case Tom Ford's bank account.

Fragrance: 2/5
Projection: 3/5
Longevity: 3/5
Disappointing from Tom Ford, especially with the price tag. I don't consider it as unisex, definitely masculine, but it is way behind Noble Leather and Leather Oud. The smell is much raw and dirtier and resembles my mate's 2007 Vauxhall Astra, or maybe dirty football socks. There are much better leather fragrances available for the same price or less.

I'm having a very love / hate relationship with TL right now...

It was recommended to me by a fellow Basenote'er who said that it wasn't a particularly attractive fragrance, but that it had an "aura" about ti that made it impossible to stop sniffing. After giving it a try myself, I think he's exactly right. It does have a strange aura to it that makes it oddly attractive, but downright repulsive at the same time. 

The opening is just lovely, and I agree with what others have said about the leather note being the finest quality cleanest leather they've ever smelled... it is. The only problem is that this lasts-- at least on my skin--  for about 30 second-- literally. 

From 30 seconds after the first spray, the lovely leather is gone, and I do mean gone. TL very, VERY quickly transforms into a pungent ashtray smell that dominates absolutely everything else and hangs around for hours before the real dry down commences and it turns into something more manageable. The ashtray phase still carries that indescribably attractive aura around it, but it's such a hit or miss kind of scent that depends not only on your mood at the time, but also on who's around when you're wearing it. 

There are days that it smells incredible, rugged, ultra masculine, and kind of sexy. Then there are other days where it makes me near-nauseas and paranoid that everyone around me thinks I smell like, well, a dirty, wet ashtray. 

The only way I can describe this aura is that the fragrance as a whole smells like a man's man who went to work smelling amazing in a crisp suit, but then had a really REALLY bad day and wound up on a bender in a dark, dank, smoke filled bar... kind of like Don Draper in the 4th season of Mad Men. The 30-second opening smells exactly like you want this to smell-- the guy at the beginning of his day-- but the middle ashtray phase makes me smell like something that I'm not sure I want to smell like, and that I'm not sure anyone around me wants to smell either. I don't think I've ever heard anyone say, "Wow, that ashtray on the bar smells incredible!"

If the opening stuck around longer, or at least meshed better with the ashtray, this would be a surefire purchase, But with the ashtray phase dominating the scent for so long, I have no idea where I could wear this without being worried that I'm turning everyone around me off in very a big way. 

I even tried layering this with Oud Wood and Tobacco Vanille to take the bite out of that ashtray phase, but no luck. The ashtray overpowers everything, even the beast Tobacco Vanille. 
As an avid equestrienne, I had VERY high hopes for this fragrance. I imagined it would transport me to the tack rooms of my youth and more recent years. Instead, it left a retched stench on my hand that made me wish I could take a second shower. 

Usually, I can deal with a scent I dislike, but this one turns my stomach. I am neurotic about high quality leather. The saddles I have purchased over the years could have been a VERY nice down payment on a very nice home. I have owned Italian leather boots, custom made for my foot and legs. I have owned Italian saddles. I have owned French saddles. What I am trying to impress upon the reader is this: I know leather and I know it WELL. This scent is NOT leather. I do not know what it is, but it is not properly tanned, high-quality, desirable leather. 

This, it will not make the shelf.
Dominant raspberry and slightly smokey leather that dries down so sweet that it hurts. 
I’m a leather freak.

With that said, this is easily the most overrated scent of all time. To be brutally honest, this fragrance smells like an uncultured teenage girl who doused herself in a $5 bottle of Body Fantasies Body Spray (raspberry of course) and then went outside and smoked a cigarette. No joke—that is exactly what this smells like. Truly, this fragrance is a monstrosity. I was scrubbing my arms after an hour, and yet it lingered—wouldn’t leave. 

My girlfriend smelled it (who is not into fragrances, but can pick out notes like nobody I know) and she immediately smelled ashtray and turned away in repulsion, which corresponded with my own impression. I asked several other people and they all thought it was nasty/cheap smelling. The sickly sweet raspberry note smells cheap and kitschy. There is no refined leather here. I honestly question the taste of people who like this fragrance. I think there might be a little brand loyalty at play here. Sorry, but it’s true. 

I always look for the redeeming qualities in a fragrance. I have smelled masterpieces that I would personally never wear. I’ve never reacted this negatively to a perfume. However, there are no redeeming qualities in this fragrance. The price is the cherry on top—laughable. 

Two massive thumbs down! AVOID!!!

I must say I am a bit disappointed with Tuscan Leather. Its just too over-powering, last time I wore it my respiratory system didn't appreciate it. I can only do a single dab or drop and even still its too strong. Just not worth the burden, plus it doesn't smell all that great IMO. 

I really don't like this fragrance. I can't say it doesn't smell like leather because it smells so much like leather that I feel like I'm trapped inside a cow. I can see why some people really love this, but for me it's waaaaay too strong, too much. The thing is, I really do like leather as a note, blended in with some spice or florals, but I would honestly believe that Tuscan Leather was some kind of chemical that dissolves rust if somebody told me it was. Anyway, there's a lotta love for this one out there, but it ain't for me.
The worst tom ford private blend (and this is coming from a Tom Ford fanboy!)

I had a decant of this stuff from the perfumed court (smallest size vial) and I accidentally spilled one drop -- the box I have it in STILL to this day, two years later, smells like tuscan leather -- the ENTIRE box, with all my other decants and samples in it that I'm sure I've spilled as well -- are all overpowered by the one drop of tuscan leather spilled two years ago.

It's awful.  I would go as far as calling it raunchy; like a cheap leather bargain coat store in an outlet mall that just stays around until the end of the world, and will NOT go away.
Cockroaches will be smelling tuscan leather after nuclear winter.

If you want to smell like a 20$ leather jacket or a shoe repair shop, and leave a trail of stinkyness everywhere you go; tuscan leather is for you.

It actually reminds me of the time one of my co-workers accidentally spilled gasoline on his shoe when he was filling up before work and then came into the office and stunk the place up; that's how bad tuscan leather is.  It's gasoline like pungent; without a doubt the strongest scent I have ever sniffed, which unfortunately, is not a good thing.  Stronger than an Amouage Attar, stronger than Black Afgano -- tuscan leather overpowers anything.

So many citrus woodies these days are so uber synthetic and loud that they tag the wearer as hanging with their old mate Screechmella. Walk down a stairwell wearing one and the scent will linger, leaving the next resident to encounter it thinking that the cleaners have done a particularly thorough job this time. 
Cedrat Boise has that garish volume for sure, but also a few grace notes. First, the powerful citrus  – common with all such perfumes – that comes across as strong detergent is somewhat masked by a riotous fruity mix that makes it easier to live with. Second, the synthetic cedar note has a bit of a sappy and green quality to begin with.  
Unfortunately, the mix also reminds me of the fruitsick hell that is CK’s Escape for Men, an act of  perfume violence guaranteed to make me move away from the wearer quicker than any threat of physical harm. It has that same nauseating, highly chemical, watery persistence, common to so many of these bro-juices, that it makes me think I must be an utter snob to feel such visceral revulsion. Perfumes of this ilk are garlic to my inner vampire. You’re safe bro, you really are – go (preferably very, very far away) in peace.

Cedrat Boise smells synthetic to me. Sometimes that's not a bad thing, but in the case of Cedrat Boise, it's distracting to me. I couldn't disagree more with the thought that this smells like Aventus. It's nothing like Aventus to me. In fact, this isn't even in the same time continuum as far as enjoyment goes with Aventus, at least for me. Cedrat Boise's wood notes smell more like Cashmeran than cedar or sandalwood to me. The citrus also smells like white musk with hints of citrus. I do get a dash of jasmine in the opening. Wish I could smell the blackcurrant, but the dry down is all about synthetic woods to my nose. I love my new bottle of Red Tobacco by Mancera, but Cedrat Boise is a miss for me. 

Lost Cherry is a great name for this one:  10 minutes after spraying, it's G-O-N-E.  Interesting that longevity is good for some people and zero on others....

So sad, this was a perfume I loved many years ago and wanted to sample again - and I can't smell the beautiful peach and mossy notes at all. It just smells like wet towels. Or maybe it's my nose. But this is not at all lovely, in fact it is rather nauseating, and I feel so sorry for all the people who expect the former great classic scent and end up with this miserable parody.
I really want to like this. It doesn't smell at all how I expected. It has a lovely woody clove scent that i love, but I can't get around another prominent note that smells perfectly like freshly opened band aids. This is the edt version, so that might make a difference.

I tried this for the first time last Sunday.  I liked it at first.  It was earthy and fresh.  Then it dried down to "little old lady" smell.   It just didn't work for me.   However, My elderly mother and Aunt liked it
It's unfortunate...that I have to give this perfume a poor review based on reactions from women I know. Two took a sniff of it, one is obsessed with perfume, and immediately wrinkled noses and comments like "What the hell is that?" and "Smells like old ladies". I guarantee you 99.9% of women under 40 will not like this perfume. I'd highly recommend trying this out before deciding to purchase.

Bought this for the wife based on all the reviews and so thought it was going to be something amazing. But I couldn't wrong enough,Mitsouko smelt awful!! It smelt like an elderly women's wardrobe. Very strong and very flowery....its so strong it would knock out any bee in your area!!

I sampled this in a store and it was just unpleasant.  It had a peanut butter vibe under the peach notes which made me glad that it was sprayed on a card and not on my wrist.

Music for a While opens with a brief blast of sharp citric bergamot before quickly transitioning to its heart.  As the composition reaches it early heart, the bergamot vacates, as a very strong rotting pineapple fruit accord joins slightly sweet, caramelized aromatic lavender as co-stars with rugged patchouli support.  During the late dry-down the composition stays relatively linear, as the rotting aspect of the pineapple recedes, leaving remnants of the pineapple and the now softened, sweetened caramelized lavender and patchouli the focus through the finish.  Projection is excellent, as is longevity at 11-12 hours on skin.

This composition is horrific smelling, and the worst perfume to date in a generally otherwise strong Editions de Parfums Frederic Malle stable.  I hate to be so blunt, but I honestly have no idea who Malle is trying to appeal to with Music for a While.  The rotting pineapple fruit accord has underlying elements of hard leather and even Oud to some degree...  It-doesn't-work-at-all. When coupled with the slightly off-kilter aromatic lavender that is not too far off from my (nightmarish) memory of a similar lavender used in the also horrific smelling Sunshine Man by Amouage, you have just about as bad a combination as possible (and let's not even get into the added sugary sweetness).  The odd lavender and rotting fruit will generally not appeal to fruity composition lovers as it is too off-putting for most of their tastes, vintage and classically structured perfume lovers like me will want to run a mile, the gourmand aspects are not gourmand enough to appeal to those fans, and sweetness-averse customers will also steer well-clear, only leaving oddball modern perfume fans who might be interested to some degree but will find other perfumes more appealing.  I wish I had something I could say that is positive about the composition, but even its excellent performance metrics in this case are a negative, as one wants the stench off their skin in record time; too bad Music for a While doesn't comply.  It truly saddens me that the master perfumer behind one of the best perfumes ever created in Polo, Carlos Benaim, has sunk to depths this low, even under Malle's usually stellar direction.  The bottom line is the $330 per 100ml bottle Music for a While is a failure on every level imaginable, appealing to seemingly no one, earning it a "poor" to "very poor" 1 to 1.5 stars out of 5, and as strong an avoid recommendation as I can muster.  "Torture for a While" is a more apt title to this fatally-flawed "composition."     

