A definite improvement on the edt (which was a thumbs down for me for its unwearable synthetic scratchiness). 

Compared side-by-side with the edt, the edp is noticeably more smoky/incensy, but I don’t find this evident when worn without the edt for comparison. The rough edges have been smoothed in the edp and it’s a much more enjoyable wear.

It’s clean smelling and versatile, but ultimately unexciting. I imagine people would ask you what body wash you use and not what fragrance you’re wearing. There’s nothing wrong with that, but nothing exceptional about it either. 
Very pleasant fragrance.  After wearing a few times..just not 'me'.  I have taken it out of my rotation and looking for a new home for the bottle.  Only wore maybe 4 times with 4 sprays each.
This is pleasant to smell, decent.
None offensive, office and every occasion wear. 

Opens very fresh and citrusy.
Then goes into the woody incense stage which is ok.

Nothing ground breaking, but deffo worth a try.

Scent 7- 10
Projection 5- 10
Sillage 5 - 10

Around 5 hours on me before skin scent

Just like the original....Totally boring and uninspiring! 
I said my piece on the whys and wherefores of the Bleu de Chanel (2010) line on the entry for the original eau de toilette that launched it, and despite every indication from the learned and scrupled crowd of male fragrance connoisseurs here on Basenotes pointing toward Bleu de Chanel being a vapid generalist sell-out, the overall effect of wearing the late coming Chanel entry into the aquatic genre by making a non-aquatic blue juice was actually pleasurable. Granted, an aquatic is an aquatic is an aquatic, even if it technically is not, as all the myriad children of Davidoff Cool Water (1988) have a very narrowly-defined blueprint to which they must adhere whether they have an aquatic note or not, if they wish to be recognizable for what they are to the layman, and that makes even Chanel's uncommonly sophisticated entry still a victim of the "if you're not a beer drinker" argument that states if you don't like the style, Bleu de Chanel still won't change your mind. With that having been said, taking the alternative concentrations route instead of the flankers route was a surprising move for Chanel here with Bleu de Chanel Eau de Parfum (2014), as everyone just so intently expected a sport, intense, eau fraîche, la nuit, or something other than just an eau de parfum option of the best-selling masculine. If you know anything about Chanel's practices with concentrations as per what they usually do with their feminine lines, you'll probably have already guessed that this is a slightly different composition and not just more perfume oil. Chanel had initially done this with masculines too right around the end of the 20th century, with entries like Chanel Pour Monsieur Eau de Toilette Concentrée (1989) or Égoïste Cologne Concentrée (1992), but it hasn't been since then that something like what we have here has appeared.

Four years after the release of the original mega-popular Bleu de Chanel, comes this EdP, and there still wasn't much competition then since Prada Luna Rossa (2012) didn't really light anyone's world on fire, plus we were still a year away from the launch of Dior Sauvage (2015), the biggest challenger Bleu de Chanel has in the ambroxan and norlimbanol loudness wars. The composition to the EdP therefore doesn't feel like a marked improvement or variation from the original release, much like Égoïste Cologne Concentrée wasn't much different from the original Égoïste (1990), but had a few of it's graphic equalizer sliders moved up a few notches while a few others are slid down. In practical terms, this means a similar but dialed-down opening achieved by a few top notes being moved to the heart for sustain, then more notes stuffed into the heart, which is where eau de parfums work hardest, then a shuffled-around base to make the dry down feel differently than in the eau de toilette to (attempt to) warrant a purchase. Drier and lighter notes like lemon and bergamot, join the peppermint in the top, while grapefruit, vetiver and pink pepper move downstairs to live in the middle here alongside the nutmeg, labadanum, and cedar, with jasmine and ginger also intensified a bit. The only new addition to the composition is an old-fashioned composite amber accord, which provides a vanillic sweetness that hides the scratchy harshness otherwise caused by ramped-up ambroxan and norlimbanol, which is something later perfumes in this style by other houses would seldom even try to do at all. Sillage is lower than the EdT but the burn is expectedly longer on skin, but is it really better? No, and in fact, I find this iteration of the 2010's Chanel masculine pillar to be less dynamic and therefore less interesting.

I've always sort of felt that the very nature of "blue juices" goes against them lending themselves well to being perfumes. Colognes or toilet waters in a synthetic but breezy crisp style definitely have their place and have obviously resonated with the general public for three decades now, but their lightness is actually where their appeal lies, and to take that away is to doom their effectiveness as what they're intended to be. Simply put, Bleu de Chanel Eau de Parfum is a freshie that isn't fresh, and there will never be wisps of that effervescent and bouncy top past the opening 15 minutes like there is with the original eau de toilette, just a DMV waiting room of sweet florals, spices and synthetic base notes meant to simulate the comfort of real woods and animalics like cedar or ambergris, and it's all very "Glade Plug-In" at that point once the top is neutered on their behalf. If Chanel had wanted this to work better, they should have asked Jacques Polge to just totally reinvent it as a new scent like he did with Pour Monsieur Eau de Toilette Concentrée, which is a warmer, richer, altogether different experience than the original Chanel Pour Monsieur (1955) from Henri Robert. This isn't bad, but has the olfactive effect of digitally remastering an album to be louder, squishing the dynamic range in the process, and losing both crisp highs and deep bass to clipping in favor of terrorizing you with a crackly midrange vocal track which makes even the best set of speakers sound like a muzac system in the very same DMV mentioned above. Come on Chanel, you know better. More of a "good" thing isn't always what we want.
This scent is safe. This scent is familiar and not terribly inventive.

The opening is sweet, a kind of fruity musk. There's a purple Starburst somewhere in my childhood. BDC EDP smells just like that at the onset.

Beyond that it dries into something a bit metallic, a bit generic. I detect an ambroxan that isn't listed in the notes. It fits in the same bucket as Sauvage, ADG Profumo, and Dylan Blue. I think it's near the bottom of these types of fragrance.

The EDP isn't too far from the EDT, so comparisons between the two don't carry much weight with me. This seems to be about the same in its scent profile but with a better performance.

Again, it is safe, and it works in most situations.

Wear it to work, wear it day or night, wear it socially. 

This is the kind of fragrance worn by someone who only owns one fragrance.

Scent: 4/10

Longevity: 7/10

Sillage: 8/10
I really do not get on with this style of perfume. A good, interesting opening, the "blue" nicely executed in marine notes, ginger, and pepper. But after that... suffocating and uniform. Where are the Chanels that make a statement?
I will be harsh to this scent. Probably do not deserve this, but Chanel for me is going the wrong direction with male fragrances..

Originality of scent is way to alike modern smells not maybe with composure but with a philosophy how it should smell.

Opening is blast of citrus/bergamot/peper and although it is nice smell it can be unpleasant because of combination citrus and peper.
In middle of life of perfume is actually is most quality of this scent, such a nice balanced combination of notes.

Plus ofc is longevity of perfume which is on the level you want of this smell and silage is maybe more for clubs, to be noticed. This last maybe kill the option for work but in big space is ok.

Maybe if this did not have mark of Chanel could be no. 1 hit but really I except something unique from this house on the level Egoist and Antaeus.     
To me this smells like a locker room at the gym. But not any gym! A fancy one. It's like a really posh, well constructed shower gel. Very fresh and clean but ultimately, very generic. 
Great first 20 minutes, no wonder it is a best seller, but then settles down into stale cheapness and you realise you get what you pay for.  Lots of ambroxan in the base which I guess is a failed attempt at replicating Creed GIT's ambergris.

It is much better than a lot of the drugstore cheapies so I have to give it credit.  If your uncle was wearing this to a Sunday bbq you would be grateful considering the other options he had to chose from at this price point.

As for the resemblance to GIT, only in those first 20 minutes.   And to be fair, even then it is not at the level of GIT's spectacular, sparkling natural opening.
A landmark fragrance with a great freshness but the main reservation I have is the dosage of ambroxan. Anyone who uses cool water repeatedly will be marked out by this basenote as it accumulates, giving a smell rather like old cigars. 
I resisted getting this fragrance because it seemed every male and some females had this. When finally getting this i was surprised at the poor longevity, it seems to fizzle out after 2 to 3 hours. I love the Orange and Sandalwood, and feel that it smells similar to Champion though goes stale at the end. However in common with Champion this does not last long. The opening is very nice and very masculine, it is worth getting to add to your collection. However be warned, it seems most guys are wearing this, it is not original and that is the drawback.  
Totally teenage and obvious, takes me back to a younger time where things were more simple.

Not something I'd ever wear to a special occasion, but as a daytime fragrance for going to the post office - fine.
I used to like this until I got into Green Irish Tweed. The drydown is flat and herbal in a bad way.
Genre: Fougère

Does anybody really need another review of Cool Water? Beats me, but here are my two (s)cents:

Yes, it smells a lot like Green Irish Tweed, especially for the first half hour or so. And yes, it smells a little bit more obviously chemical. It's a relatively linear scent on me, and the drydown does not arrive at the familiar Creed “millésime” base.

It's pleasant enough, if somewhat cheap smelling, but what works against it most is that it's over-used and too often imitated. In all fairness I should forgive Cool Water for spawning so many inane progeny, but I'm not sure that I'm a big enough person.

Its clearly that Cool Water has suffered from the latest ban on oakmoss. Why Turin still gives it 5 stars is a mystery to me. This scent smells too harsh now, not only in its top, where thats not a big problem, but also in its mid and base now. Gone is the sparkle of the radiating  thick softness of oakmoss that was needed to put the overdosis of dihydromyrcenol  into balance. The bone-structure is still there, but it lacks the beautifull soft fabric of a perfect fitted dress that covered up the raw edges of the body. Gone is the shine of elegance, the beauty. I guess this shows how important the raw aromatics of natural origin still are in the modern formula's of perfumes. I cant give it thumbs down because the original Cool Water was so freaking (refreshing) original. Some memories are hard to ban...(yes, im from the 80's area..!)
The opening is very strong and harsh. Overpowering and unpleasant. Like metal and SALT, and very synthetic.

About an hour later it smells fantastic. Like 

Pros: great price, lovely dry-down

cons: harsh opening that lasts ~an hour. Lasts FOR-EV-ER. So long, in fact, that I think it is negative.
Fresh & Green	Great scent! I did the side by side comparison with GIT. Loved both - GIT was more green and Cool Water was more aquatic, but they are similar. Close enough that I wouldn't buy both. If I decide to purchase one of the two, it would probably be Cool Water.Pros: Green Without Being OverbearingCons: A Bit Harsh in the Opening
I wore this in high school back in the late 90's and early 2000's.  I loved it back then and it was very popular with my classmates.  As a sophmore I had an idiotic teacher who forbade us from wearing Cool Water in her classroom because according to her it smelled like marijuana.  I wore it anyway and she would make me sit outside.  Long story short the administration sided with her and I had to cease wearing this fragrance for the semester.  If I had known my rights and social networking had existed to the level it does now I would have owned that school today.  Anyway I remember Cool Water being a projection and longevity monster back then.  It would last through the school day and beyond.  A refreshing mint but at the same time smoky musky scent.  I didn't wear Cool Water for years and back in 2010 purchased a bottle from Macy's.  It was still the same scent I remembered and loved from back in the day but no longer the projection and longevity monster.  In fact after 15 minutes I could not even smell it with my nose pressed to my skin.  Alas I had to return the bottle.  Davidoff I guess is cutting corners to bring the price down even further for the masses.  I prefer to pay more for higher quality fragrance.  Maybe Ill try Cool Water again in the near future to see if it has improved.  Until then I can only give a neutral rating. 
This aquatic fresh and clean smelling fragrance(did I mention generic?) was pretty good years ago. Even though the initial spray smells like Green Irish Tweed (yeah I know, everyone says that) I would buy Green Irish Tweed any day over this one. Notice I said initial spray. After that, Cool Water goes to the shelter, Green Irish Tweed goes to the Marriott. I'm sure Pierre Bourdon knew what he was doing when he came out with Cool Water. 

I'm sure he smelled Green Irish Tweed at some point before coming out with this one. Not a bad cologne, but not original and overrated. 
really not sure why everyone loves this stuff so much

I have the older version with the script front (which is supposed to be better???)

On me it smells of sharp cheap artificial lemon car freshener and not much else, (citronella) and then I get a strange clashing coriander note that smells awful on me, luckily the whole thing only lasts about an hour before disappearing, there's nothing that particularly attracts me to this scent, except that women like it, hence the neutral rating.

If you really scrunch up your eyes and wish, you can get a squeak of similarity between a few middle notes shared with GIT, but it doesn't really stack up as a GIT replacement if that's what you're after, not really in the same league in any way.
Smells good, but I don't see the correlation with GIT that people talk about. I like how it smells, but the notes really don't seem to blend, at least during the opening. I'd call it an average scent.
Possibly the most overrated male cologne of all time.  It's not bad, but there's no compelling reason as to its popularity.

It opens up with an aquatic feel, with a hint of salt, pepper and lemon.  It then settles down into what can only be described as lemon washing powder.   Sillage is OK for about 2 hours, then it really dies down.   Longevity is not Cool Water's strong point.

It's best described as an inoffensive Spring-Summer scent.  It's not a bad scent, but it's really not that great.  If someone bought me Cool Water as a gift I'd wear it, but I wouldn't spend my own money on it.
Shouts "CHEMICAL" from head to toe; however, I don't mind wearing it on a hot summer day.
This is a watered down version of the fragrance I remembered in college years ago.  It isn't my style, but it smells clean and fresh.  I know the feud with GIT, and to be honest, except for perfume connoisseurs,  I have not met one person who could tell the difference between Cool Water and Git...$200 difference in price?  Cool Water's Longevity is fair,  2 spritzs can last about 4 hours.  but for $200 less, buy 2 bottles and an atomizer and reapply it during the day!
Not much more to say.   A fresh lavender, mint and citrus opening that quite soon dries down into the green notes of jasmin and oak moss with a touch of wood.  The newer samples seem to have lost some of the oak moss character and appear fresher overall.  It does not show much development.   Yes, a synthetic, cheaper and less complex remake of the classic Creed GIT, but, in all fairness, the lesser quality is reflected in the pricing.  On me it is gone after a couple of hours. 
Like most people this was my first cologne, I got it when I was about 14-15 and knew nothing about it, girls loved it, I loved it. Years later it smells incredibly synthetic. One day I walked into my friends little brothers room (he was about 14) and saw he had a bottle. The legacy lives on! Most people will love it, I still don't mind it. Kind of reminds me of a cheap deodorant though. 
Cool Water could be the most popular fragrance ever.  I have no reason to tell you how it smells like, because there are so many other reviews.

All I am going to say is, buy the smaller bottles.  With anything large, you are taking a chance for reduced longevity.  Many other people said that the larger bottles do not have as much longevity.  The smaller bottles seem more concentrated; therefore, I would stick with them.

Furthermore, I feel as though there is a slight difference in smell with every bottle of Cool Water.  Davidoff needs to confront this issue.  Many other said the same thing.  I can use a test spray at Dillards, then use a test spary a Macy's, and I notice both smell different.

Try to get your hands the older versions of Cool Water if you can.

Very nice bottle design.
I'm giving this a neutral because I rate this as an average fragrance. I won't bother describing it as there are over a hundred reviews but the only time I will wear this is after a shower after going to the gym because it smells clean.

That's it. Very average and very boring.
Well, reviewing this one is not going to be easy as basically  everything has been said about a quite influential release such as Cool Water. My point with this seminal composition is that while I quite enjoy the original version (I mean Green irish Tweed) but never been able to dispassionately love it, I'm not a big fan of its "cheaper" version (Cool Water). Surely influential and vastely appreciated but overused and as much imitated that I almost started to "hate" it. Not your fault Cool Water.

I've to move away from you for a while
I don't mind Cool Water for the most part except it has an annoying off putting metallic note on the drydown. I don't know what sparks it or if it is a combination of the notes, but even some of the knockoffs don't have it (and for that matter similar fragrances from other companies don't either). If it weren't for that I'd give it a thumbs up. Otherwise if I must I'll wear a knockoff or something similar that doesn't exhibit the same properties.
There are some fragrances which I don't consider to be wetshaver scents, but still use  in tandem with witch hazel and aftershave - Cool Water is one of them. It pairs particularly nicely with lavender witch hazel, as the tonic brings Cool Water's synthetic and sweet lavender out of its otherwise blah mixture of herbs, woods, and musk. There really isn't anything exactly like Cool Water, so newbies beware: don't think you have it prefigured. It's a try-before-you-buy, and while generally safe and functional, can be off-putting to people who are unfamiliar with '80s "fresh" fougères. The distinctive scent profile is (reluctantly) original, and Pierre Bourdon did a magnificent job creating a fragrance with near-universal appeal, and near-zero sex appeal. To this day, after years of sporadically wearing Cool Water, I still have no idea how he did it. The scent is as boring as it gets. Furthermore, the current formula has more than a few splashes of cheapskatery - its heart notes, once fizzy and vibrant, are now dull and smell somewhat like cardboard. I know my review is contradictory, but trust me on this - you'll be intrigued by the scent's singularity without being the least bit interested in it. 
Davidoff Cool water (namely a reinterpretation of a minty/musky/amberish concept of freshness yet expressed by Creed Green Irish Tweed imo) is a dry, somewhat linear fresh-aquatic fougere which starts as a typical floral aquatic with an initial blast of synthetic marine (citric and herbal) notes and finally becomes a clean, astringent juice with a woodsy-sharply floral soul and an oceanic outward appearance. I appreciate the pungent, herbal accord of rosemary-peppermind-coriander. Cedar, geranium, woods, aromatic lavender, herbs and dry spices make the scent stiff, angular, virile, herbal and clean. Jasmine and orange blossom provide a more intense floral sophistication (and hints of floral radiancy) while herbal elements project it out in a somewhat acrid way. In my opinion this is far less refreshing (and sparkling) than many other aquatics or fougere even in its top part (being for real astringent, slightly irony and almost restrained). Sandalwood and cedarwood provide a certain woody stable structure (substance) and stableness to the juice in the way it's heavier than you could expect it to be by marketing campaigns. Cool Water, though not properly original, is a respectable fragrance whereof is undeniable and appreciable the worldwide fame. I find this scent a bit boring even if it conjures me left back incandescent summers of the youth in my far Calabria.
I suspect that one of the reasons why Cool Water is such a huge success in terms of sales might be that most people out shopping for perfume, going through a lot of samples, will find this one very pleasing at the first sniff on a card. Not many of the multi-layered, "heavier" fragrances smells this inviting the first seconds; lavender and peppermint without the "booze".My problem with Cool Water is the fact that it is one of many one-dimensional smells, this one staying more or less flowery, with a touch of peppermint and wood in there, all the way. I don't think it's  a bad or "thirteen-on-the-dozen" smell, just a bit boring and really not my taste. What surprises me, though, is its longevity which I think is above normal for this kind of fragrance. I can see that women, especially the romantic type, will love this fragrance on a man. Right now when the first snow has fallen I'd rather give them Burberry London.
Orange blossom cologne with a water lily note.

**/*
Nice, clean, young, straight straight straight orange blossom - very JM.  Pretty average overall with only brief moments of a touch of nuances of change. The silage is ok, but, although always close to my skin after the first hour, an excellent six hours if longevity are impressive, although it was a hot day.  Moments of interest, and it being designed for blending, do not, however, change the overall impression of mediocrity. 
Got a sample of this and several others from the Jo Malone rep at Bloomingdales. I would say it's an okay fragrance. The orange blossom scent is a lot like the mock orange bush we use to have in our backyard but slightly synthetic. I layered it with Jo Malone White Jasmine and Mint. It was much better this way but I don't think this will ever be something I wear very much if at all. It does last a long time on me.

Many years ago on my way to school I used to walk past a garden with a huge Mock Orange (syringa) in the garden, when it was in bloom I loved it - so rich and sweet. Later (much later) I visited Morocco and was overwhelmed by the scent of orange blossom in the sunken gardens of the El Badi palace so I expected to love this. Maybe I may prefer it as a scented candle - a fragrance that you can walk away from when it gets too much, but, having sprayed my wrist an hour ago with a sample that one of the generous girls at Jo Malone gave me I spent the first 30 minutes fighting the urge to run & scrub it off. It's fading a little now and is a bit easier to live with, but I don't think it will ever become an essential part of my wardrobe - I suppose I'm just not a Jo Malone person (although I love the occasional soak in a solution of Red Roses bath oil - the perfect end to a long muddy winter walk). Actually I rather resent the suggestion that one needs to shell out for two or more of anybody's fragrances in order to smell good. Chanel, Guerlain and many other perfume companies, large and small, reckon that they can make you feel chic, sensuous, businesslike, glamorous (delete as appropriate) with just one bottle of their better juices, so why do JM expect gullible members of the public to buy 2 or more of their fragrances at £34 a pop when you can get 75ml of Mitsouko edp for less than £45? Sorry folks, but I think this represents a triumph of marketing over commonsense.
Not too much to say. Very transparent, easy breezy scent. A nice clean orange blossom..morphing to jasmine notes on my skin..then fades away. But not completely..there's a slightly irritating base that is slower to dissipate. I That's all she wrote!
Notes:Top: Citronella leaves, TangerineMiddle: Orange blossom, Water lilyBase: Lilac, NeroliFalling somewhere between Czech & Speake's focused orange blossom rendition in Neroli and Creeds snappy citrus-high Neroli Sauvage, Jo Malone's Orange Blossom (OB) does its own thing with the orange blossom note...flanking it between a juicy orange top and watery white floral notes. The tangerine blast that greets you first is suitably juicy, orangey and pleasant. The orange blossom note that peeks at  you afterwards though is not of the finest quality...its not as petit-grainy as in Fleur du Male, but neither is it as indolic or rich. Rather it smells a lot like the version found in Serge Lutens Fleur d'Oranger, with a strange lack of clarity in evidence with woody highlights and little to no indoles. Good thing that this note is further flanked by pleasant lily/lilac floral notes (with an almost nonexistent base...OB just peters out over 4-5 hours) to construct a fairly unique take on the Neroli/Orange Blossom genre resulting in a tangerine-white floral perfume with an adequate orange blossom note which runs through the composition without really overtaking it. All the better I say, considering its not attractive enough by itself to sell bottles. It's Ben Affleck in the Affleck-Damon partnership (while it lasted..).Rating: 6.0/10.0
Out of the bottle, one of my favorite scents in the world. The spray fades quickly on me, however, and the creme develops a sour note after it's reacted with my body chemistry for a few hours. What a pity!
A very orange, tangy opening… more powerful than I expected.  It is like the zesty oil expressed from squeezing an orange skin.  It softens into nice florals.  It is a bit sweet, especially with the lily note.  I can appreciate it, but I wouldn’t wear it.
I'm slowly beginning to understand white florals. At the outset, I couldn't tell a tuberose from a neroli from a jasmine. When I tried Moonlight in Heaven by Kilian I was wondering how they made such a milky, rice-pudding smell. Now I realize how milky Jasmine can be, especially with a hint of vanilla. There's a bit of greenness and citrus here too. Strangely, when you combine that all together the overall effect is a bowl of fruit loops for some reason? 

Overall the scent is fairly pleasant. Not too challenging but also not something I'm super into. Also a bit too feminine for me, so I'm going with neutral on this one, but this is something I'd be happy to smell on my girlfriend.
Jasmin 17 is a well made deep, rich, powdery sweet jasmine. It is not transparent, floral or light. At first I wasn't crazy about it and I couldn't trace any citrus notes. Maybe it was the humidity or the temperature but today after a couple of hours I get a tart orange accord that is quite nice. Previously I thought there was a vanilla accord now I think that impression was due to the overall sweetness. In any case, this is an olfactory creation, not overpowering and intoxicating as Jasmin Noir. Pleasant alas not great.
Jasmine? Neroli, more like it! Which makes three neroli/orange blossom fragrances in Le Labo's range. I don't even like the sickly sweet smell of neroli...
Looking at the profile and notes of TN29 I knew instantly that it was for me. I'm a giant fan of fresh/spicy/gourmand/ozonic/balsamic (I know,I know) frags so rather than waste my money on yet another beautiful dud that lasts 4 seconds on my skin (I'm looking at you, Santal Royal/Oud & Bergamot/Terre d'Hermes) I thought I'd get a decant off eBay. Which, by the way, was everything I was hoping for: lush, juicy fig, a breezy but definite tea note, incensey, warm but exhilarating. And it lasted hours and hours and I knew I'd found my new signature as Royal Oud is proving too expensive a habit. 
Fast forward to ordering a full bottle. Even as I opened the stopper my heart sank. It smelled thin, watery and stank of disappointment. It lasted all of 15 minutes on me. I sold the bottle on eBay a few days later. So my question is this: was the decant from the 2016 bottle 'off' or had it matured beautifully? Should I have waited three years for my bottle to develop?! Or am I anosmic to all the scents i love? So infuriating.
The Noir 29 is a remarkably polished and alluring blend of fig, tea and an accord that hints at a dry, dark rose. It starts off with a citrus laced accord of fig and black tea, airy and radiant. There is a hint of rose, and I perceive minimal musks; I don't detect any hay or tobacco. It's translucent but persistent; I smell a lot of synthetic woods in the dry down. There is a passing hint at Cartier's Declaration d'Un Soir, but The Noir 29 has more dimensions. It has an unusual freshness, is quite clean and crisp, and has surprising sillage with good duration, based on a moderate application. It is dressy, and perhaps more suitable in cooler weather. 

I loved The Noir 29 the first time I wore it, but thereafter realised a problem; the perfume is too sharp for me because of the synthetic notes, especially what I perceive to be woody-ambers (even though I don't find it ambery). This is even more surprising since I love and wear a fair number of perfumes that are too sharp/synthetic for many, such as Portrait of a Lady and the aforementioned Declaration d'Un Soir. The sillage of The Noir 29 is very elegant on someone else, and this is definitely complimented upon by others, based on personal experience. However, it becomes too jarring for me when I wear it; which is a little sad, since I like the scent. 


3/5 
For me, this scent was too intense and robust even for an evening scent. Others seemed to like it on me. But, after an hour of wearing it outside on a hot day it, it remained overpowering and cloying. It did not mellow or complicate as I'd hoped it would.
It reminded me of a beautiful yet melodramatic woman who must always be the center of attention. 

That said, there was something intriguing behind the Look At Me! shouting. I might like it if I blend it down to 1 or 2% strength and apply it very judiciously to avoid overwhelm. Even the lotion was trop fort.
This smells alot like Rose 31 to me, but I think that's on purpose.  I remember reading somewhere that Noir 29 takes from Rose 31 and then combines with other notes, almost like a flanker.  Could be wrong there but also see on FN that it gets compared to Baie Rose 26.  I like the smell of this and tried to pull it off as a guy but I think I'd like this better if I smelled this on a female that happened to pass by. Summary, it smells good, just not as versatile as I thought it should be for a unisex frag.
Its got a sweet ambroxy vanilla mint thing going on.  It is gaudy in bottle and scent.  It really does smell quite good, and people like the smell of it in general.  Good lasting power and powerful projection.  Feels juvenile and unrefined.  
Versace Eros

Well not much I can say about this one. 

Pleasant smell, fresh... People pleaser. 
Not to complex. Dries down from Minty Apple... To a nice Vanilla base sweet Tonka base. 

Overall Scent 5-10
Longevity 5-10
Sillage 5-10

Around 8hrs with good 2hr progection
I can't seem to get past the fluoride mouthwash vibe from the synthetic mint aroma molecule. I've heard others say Eros gives them a headache but this has not been my experience. Versace Eros is a good sweet, creamy vanilla fragrance however I do not find it designer quality. Good performance, but definitely not worth the price. I would wait for it to show up at discounters if you really feel the need to add this to your collection. The quality is not there. If you want sweet and creamy without the mint, you can purchase CK Reveal Men or Mont Blanc Individuel for around $20. 
If the metallic notes weren't so pervasive, this would be more wearable. There's quite a bit going on, but the more warm, subtle pieces seem to get lost on me. Would be ok for a club or date night, but then so would most any cheaper, generic fragrance. The base notes are nice, but by the time I get there, I've had enough. Too strong for my taste.
Eros opens with a fresh and minty accord (apple, mint, citrus) surrounded by the usual metallic-ozonic notes, however supported by a pleasant and slightly less predictable (for this type of scent) base of warm, rich, aromatic spicy-woody notes (tonka and cedar above all), sweet and quite “round”, perhaps due to tobacco and/or patchouli dusted with vanilla - the “uncommon” side is that these notes smell actually good and solid, more than the average in mainstream scents. I smell a couple of “niche” nuances here, for example the ambroxan note which provides a “modern” feel of dusty grayness (quite reinforced by aldehydes) – not far from several niche products of the recent years. Also, another “niche” factor to me is some of the contrasts this scent is built on – the tart-mint head opening and the almost gourmandish base, which is quite sweet, warm and resinous, and smoky too. Overall it smells safe and crowdpleasing, but if pay attention and smell it more carefully, it’s not as common as it may seem. And it’s definitely decent. Plus, Eros has also an unexpectedly nice evolution too: instead or remaining identical and just getting drier and lighter, it gets softer, warmer, more resinous, actually more pleasant as hours pass, once the sharp metallic-zesty opening fades away. I’m wearing it since a couple of hours, and now is remarkably better than before. Nothing great and nothing new, but not bad and not (too much) boring. 

6,5/10
A better version of Chanel Allure Extreme. It has more of everything and doesn't pretend to be a flanker of a flanker of blah..blah..blah. There's a little more of everything and but ultimately it's a loud and pretty obnoxious fragrance. Fits right along side of 1 Million as a clubbing or attention fragrance, but does it with a bit more of a synthetic quality. This is sweet, but from the reviews I was expecting along the lines of cotton candy sweet which it isn't. No bad really, but it's an acquired taste.
Too sweet, can't imagine smelling this on a man...
I didn't expect much when I blind bought Eros

a pleasant surprise - the bottle and packaging is a stunner; but the scent is even more intriguing. Granted it's not something that you would say 'masterpiece' or something similar - but it do smelt good. Eros is a good blend of vanilla and tonka with addition of mint; it would remind you of any sweet scent because it IS sweet, but doesn't mean that any scent smelt like 1 Million.

Eros smelt odd even for sweet fragrance; initially I felt disturbed by Eros scent but lately I found that Eros have moderate to good projection (which mean less offensive for most people) and great longevity (it stays in skin for 8 hours - a record for me!) definitely better than Versace Pour Homme

All in all; a good fragrance if you want something for close-counter fragrance in club, it smelt nice and draws compliment especially in the drydown
Overall: 2/5
Sillage: 2/5
Longevity: 3/5

Good if you wake up one day wanting to smell a bit like citrus, greens, sun, and sea-breeze. Definitely perfect for a summer scent.

Safe and inoffensive, but has a distinct smell that you know everyone else has smelled like at one point in their life.

Dries down to an almost powdery, yet citrus scent for me, but before it settles, it's mostly a salty and citrus scent that just won't have me reaching for it.

Decent sillage with above-average wear
The opening presents a pleasant citrus-based mix, with a fruity underpinning.  Pleasant but quite nonspecific.   The drydown is more floral, with jasmine a definite component, but a pleasantly discreet green touch is coming and going also. 

The base presents woddsy impressions blended with white musks. 

I get moderate sillage, adequate projection and a very decent seven hours of longevity on my skin. 

The opening is quite agreeable, although a touch subdued and the citrus not very vivid or bright. The rest of this spring scent is rather generic and pale overall.  In total - mediocre. 2.5/5. 
This was the favorite scent of one of my ex-boyfriends and it's a pretty unisex fragrance. I associate it with how most Americans want to smell, "clean". It's a very sporty, "shower-fresh" kind of smell. No musk, no spice or wood. Just very light citrus and floral. Nothing bad about it, but it's what most people smell like these days.
Essence of meh. Half-arsed slightly rancid citrus over equally half-arsed woody amber-ish base.  Best I can say for it was that it was gone in half an hour. 
The opening notes of apple lemon are pretty refreshing. I know this is a summer scent, but I expect a deeper and richer scent from dolce & gabbana. 
Light Blue consistently comes in at the top of the bestseller lists in the United States – and with very good reason: it is hard to beat in the summer refresher stakes. Featuring a sparkling green apple note and a translucent amber base, Light Blue is a pleasure to spritz on liberally in the heat. Its fruit notes are sheer rather than syrupy, so the overall effect is crisp and bright – like biting into an ice-cold Granny Smith. 

It's a pity, though, that the bright apple opening cannot be maintained past the one hour mark. The sheer amber base reveals itself to be Iso E Super, and the remaining three hours limp on in an agony of synthetics (for me). A pleasure at the start, but a plain old Iso E Super or cedramber base makes this one a miss for me.
Light Blah. The name, the bottle, the fragrance. Where is the mystery, the oom pah pah?
Sillage alone does not a perfume make.( Aside: Love the story of Sophia Grojsman being followed for her amazing sillage when finalizing 'Eternity' for Calvin Klein) Black to Blah. Sung's 'Shi' is the same colour and much cheaper. A classic like Eau de Rochas or Eau Orlane (blue again) much nicer in my opinion but it could be just that my body chemistry is all wrong for this one. 

Smelled this on a girl for years in a yoga class. She made 3 mistakes for me: 1) overwearing is a no no for me, 2) don't wear perfume in a hatha yoga class, 3) don't over apply, which she did all the time. Ever since she ruined it for me, lol .... the slightest hint of this juice will turn me off.  If you don't make any of those mistakes, this might work for you &  people around you.
Is it me, or is this a carbon copy of Hugo by Hugo Boss, but more expensive?
About 2 months ago I made a list of all the best-selling fragrances around the globe and made it my duty to try them all. Light Blue was on this list.

I would love to have had a picture taken the moment I sniffed this for the very first time. I think I was in utter disbelief as to how people loved this perfume. All I got from this fragrance was a strong, sour burst of lemon. I usually associate lemon scents to detergents and cleaners around my home.

This was in no way a pretty or feminine fragrance. I have Moschino Funny! which is slightly similiar, but more floral and much lighter. I consider Funny! a better alternative to Light Blue. I will however add that men seem to love this fragrance, even though they agree with me when I say it's strong and lemony sour.


I think it's very intoxicating on the open, however Light Blue is non-committal and is blended into a light juice that doesn't make enough of a statement.  The biggest problem we have with this is that the dry down recalls "mall store" to us.  If it didn't wind up in that  olfactory memory space, I'd consider it a candidate for a mixing fragrance.  Longevity isn't terrific.  Ultimately this is a polite pretty fragrance that is not too floral.  It's nice.  I didn't see this trumping other favorites like Nina Ricci.  
I love Granny Smiths even as a kid, I eat them all the time. So I'm quite pleased to smell some off the top notes. Unfortunately after that vibrant opening, LIGHT BLUE goes downhill. Cedar, cedar and then more cedar. OK, I do get some musky and floral accents but these are ambient, the overall character remaining sharply woodsy even incensey. Sorry ladies but I wouldn't want to smell this on you - it's a little too butch for comfort yet feels a little too lightweight and synthetic to be taken seriously as a men's fragrance. 
There is a too sharp, too heavy, too chemical musky note. Maybe the synthetic cedar note that someone has mentioned. I agree with the comparison to Eclat D' Arpege, but I prefer Eclat D' Arpege. However, I'd rather not wear either one of them. Maybe I'd like this on someone else.
This is a love/ hate relationship. The only concept of longevity is through spraying it on fabric and that makes it very powerful and cloying. I think I was looking for light and green, but this struck me as a chemical blast. I would love to love this, but I do believe I would choose 4711 or even Moschino's I Love Love over this.
Opens with powdery citrus then dries down as Iso E Super's synthetic cedar (or if you like, it dries down as Escentric 01).  I find that I like the smell of Iso E Super, so no complaints on that score from me.  Over all this fragrance strikes me as clean and pleasant, if not exactly exciting.  It's a nice step up from the floral or musky nightmares aimed at the general market.  I would find it more interesting on a guy, if only because it would be more unexpected.
Smells wonderful and thought hubby would love the fruity notes, but I had on too much of the lotion and ruined its first impression. He said it made his eyes water. But in all I liked it but it was more of a scent I would have preferred to smell on a man. Misleading to me because it wasn't "feminine" scented.
Way too popular for its own good: at this stage of her life, Light Blue is quite slutty and random. No spark or lucidity left in its soul. It 'was' pleasant once, but after three of my girlfriends, who are absolutely catty and hate each other tremendously, have used the exact same scent in gross quantities -and guess what the scent was- since they first grew breasts, to me Light Blue has very little left in its reserve to impress me. God, get a grip: there are so many other designer scents out there ready to be explored. Does Dolce&Gabbana put some secret addictive substance in this bottle? Even the 'Angel' monsters are less adamant than the 'Light Blue' fanatics. It was a good scent, that is why it is 'neutral.' It is a good feminine woods smell, and those are -or were- hard to come by... once. But not anymore. Make no mistake: this is perhaps the most abused scent of the decade - right up there with Davidoff Cool Water and L`Eau D`Issey. Light Blue is not a scent that will make you stand out in the crowd: it will make you a part of the herd. It will make you 'fit in.' If that is the objective, then you cannot find any other scent that is this flawless.  Enough already.  
Initial impressions are citrus with a slightly floral background. Extremely redundant of Dior Higher, at least to my memory. A perfectly fine citrus scent, but not very mature. I definitely wouldn't wear it in the cold weather, and wouldn't buy it after age 24 or so.
I love the fresh blast of the beginning and the soapy-clean dry down, but somewhere in the middle (about 2-4 hours after applying it) it starts smelling like very strong, very plasticky air freshener to me, reminiscent of fresh Gucci Rush. When it's worn by other people I can only smell the nice musky base notes, but it just doesn't work on me.
I don't get the big deal with this fragrance. It seems dated and masculine to me. 
I associated Fahrenheit with notes of rich black pepper and violets, followed by mown grass.  Now, though the violets are still present, there is a haze of leather, sharp-smelling spices, and mustiness, that is volatile and not entirely enjoyable, but lends a certain radiance to things.  Memory can be unreliable, and perhaps it was senseless trying to recapture something in the past.  My old flame, I saw you only a few times in my life, and what I thought was there may have been imaginary.
Radically underwhelming. Not offensive, not bad, but was disappointed.
TAKE IT FROM ME:

I ran out of gas on the highway so I poured this into my fuel tank.

Just playing but yall know what I'm saying.

Them people on "My Strange Addiction" would love this cologne. .
I had this in the 1990's.  Nice for the time but it just didn't do it for me. I don't believe it smells dated just not my cup of tea. It's strong from the start and the fuel smell is a non starter for me. I do like the woody dry down but the opening is just a terrible experience for me. Overall neutral.
"You either love it or hate it." 

I guess you could put me in the hate it group. Not so much that I hate it, I just don't like the petroleum smell very much -- from the opening to the dry down. 

From the sample I have I understand why it's been around for so long and why people love it so much. Dior did an exceptional job on the bottle design and naming for this one, it matches the fragrance perfectly. For me anyways, the smell is just too much. 

If you're a fan of the petroleum smell, this one is definitely for you. It is a very masculine fragrance. 

Packaging: 9/10
Quality: 6.25/10
Scent: 2.5/10
Uniqueness: 8.5/10
Longevity: 7/10
Sillage: 6/10
Versatility: 7/10

Overall: 6.6
Smells exactly like a dirty lawnmower. Lasts no more than 3 hours. 
Fahrenheit…it's like a time capsule for me. It opens doors to my past every time I feel it.
But, because it has been drastically changed in the last years, these doors remain closed. The passing between leather and violet notes used to be very smooth and, in the end, everything was wrapped in warm feelings, like a nice sunset. Today, it rather reminds of a sunset after a long battle day, mixed with dust, smoke and blood, instead of a romantic day.

As you probably know, there's an amazing hydrocarbon note to this. To me it smells like tar on a wooden telegraph pole like the one in our garden when I was younger. In the heat of Summer, the protective tar coating used to melt and could be scraped off - Fahrenheit smells just like that to me. It is intoxicating, somehow outdoors, and bright.

It's really interesting, and I love to smell it when I'm wearing it, but not in an unequivocally good way. I like it because it's interesting, not necessarily because it smells good. In the same way as I might try to take a good smell of diesel on my hands even though I would rather it wasn't there.

It's too interesting for its own good to my nose. I could get pleasure out of wearing it, but I don't think I'd like to smell it on other people.
Nothing special. A bit spicy, minty and chemical vanilla. Great if you want some attention, would wear in winter.
A friend I've never missed...

Back in 1988 I was a poor student, and for your information, while the noun is long gone, the adjective still remains. So when I managed to save enough money and buy a gorgeous heavy woolen jacket, I was more than happy to take a long walk downtown and enjoy its comfort, warmth and quality. It was a couple of days before Christmas, and along with a blissful pixie who pretended to be my human girlfriend, we thought it would be a good idea to test some fragrances, and perhaps get a couple of free miniatures. I have to clarify to younger readers that back then most perfume samples were miniature bottles, and not the bland plain vials that they are nowadays. Truth be told, I was looking forward to return home and spray my new jacket with a generous dose of Davidoff by Davidoff, and turn it into my signature jacket soused in my then signature perfume. But what harm could a little window shopping do? So, I, armed with a brand new '80s jacket (which would be thought a curio today) and she, armed with the obligatory '80s perm, headed for the cosmetics stores.
Grave mistake...
A sales assistant who was lurking by the door and surely was a faster shooter than Billy the Kid, managed to shoot three huge sprays of something that nearly knocked me off my feet on my jacket, in less than a second. If she was holding a gun instead of a huge bottle of the most potent and fresh Fahrenheit ever imagined in her hands, I'd be dead before hitting the ground. And I have no doubts that had I tried to duck her attack, she wouldn't hesitate to spray me square in the face, if it had come her way.
I shook the impulse to strangle the harpy on the spot and search for a dry cleaner in the next 20 seconds, and proceeded with our perfume testing.
And then the horror begun...
For the next four months or so, every time I'd put my jacket on, I smelled like someone who was working in a car repair shop or a gas station, although if this was the case, I would be the swankest car repair shop or gas station employee ever.
And to add insult to injury, can you imagine what were the only miniatures that we were given in the end? Yeah, you got it right...
...
Fahrenheit is a heavy scent. A very heavy scent. And of course I'm not talking about its potence in aromatic terms only. Even though it's a prolific scorer in the fields of sillage and longevity (the vintage one at least), it's mainly a very serious player in the field that produces legend material.
I have to admit that Fahrenheit is an incomprehensible scent to me.
Peppery notes, but no pepper! Perhaps it's a dirty trick played by some strange reaction between leather and nutmeg. Since I can't point at any other notes and consider them the culprits for this elusive accord, these two have to be the ones responsible.
And then there's this strange, unique and unequalled (but not necessarily nice) accord, which I'm completely incompetent to decipher and therefore to describe it. Not in an satisfying degree at least.
But perhaps it's worth giving it a try.
Since my nose is no big deal, I rarely talk about notes in my reviews. However, Fahrenheit has kept me wondering since 1988 about this "What the hell am I smelling here Christian?" stuff.
The fragrance has three hesperidic notes (Is "hesperidic" a valid word? Internet has not decided yet, so I apologise in advance for the possible barbarism.)
Well, I don't smell them.
It also has five sweet flowery notes.
I don't smell them either.
So, according to their absence of prominence, none of this eight notes is directly responsible for Fahrenheit's distinctive and unforgettable drydown.
So what is it?
I say that it smells like gasoline soaked sandalwood, that someone was crazy enough to set it on fire, and then put the cinders in the inside pocket of an old leather jacket, which he then wears after the gym and without showering first.
And before extolling my imagination... I've done it...
But it just made the whole thing even trickier, because it added a slight cummin note, and cummin is not included in the scent's pyramid. So, what I finally got with my "analysis" was a hint of something that shouldn't be there at all. Very helping...
I could also say that it smells the way some old taxis used to smell back in the '70s, but maybe my mind is playing tricks, trying to place the leather and diesel/gasoline/kerosene/motor oil notes to a matching vessel. However, I can see some connection here, since I believe that if we ask ten people how the inside of a brand new or a very old car smells like, five of them will say that it smells of leather, the other five that it smells of fuel, and all ten of them that it smells of Fahrenheit.
But maybe it's these very same oddities about it, which render Fahrenheit one of the few instantly recognizable fragrances in my book.
I have no idea how the current formulation smells like, and to be honest I don't care. I don't love and I don't hate Fahrenheit. For me it's a perfect example of uniqueness and an unparalleled specimen of aweless perfumery, but I'm still unable to decide whether this example is a paragon or a byword, and whether Fahrenheit's universe and mine are any parallel at all. But my personal likings have nothing to do with the objective stature of the fragrance. Fahrenheit has become a cornerstone and a legend over the years, and it doesn't give a damn if I like it or not. It's just there, too busy being itself.
Pleasant enough sort of white floral-meets-grey musk scent which achieves an interesting balance of hot and cool. The effect doesn't last all too long, and the current version is far more flat than I'd like. The older vintage features a more pronounced honeysuckle, as juicy as they would allow before it interfered with the dry concept. Very pleasant for the first hour and a decent skin scent afterward. I love a well-made masculine floral but this won't suit everyone.
Early 90's date night. Sitting on a couch in a large open room, while you wait on the lady to finish getting ready. Your hands are clasp while you wait. You also have a mustache, and maybe a leather jacket on. It is acceptable because, hey, it's the 90's.
This is a scent that I can wear on occasion when im just tired of typical fragrances and want something that smells different. Ive worn this only a handful of times and each time Ive grown to appreciate and respect it more, but with that said its still not even close to being 1 of my go-to fragrances.

To me it smells outdated and has a dark,industrial,masculine vibe that is actual very well blended. I guess because im more of a fan of fresh,clean scents I dont fully appreciate but as a cologne collector I do respect the originality in this 1.

Its also a long lasting fragrance that will project pretty well :)
Fahrenheit by Dior	While I originally gave this fragrance high marks, but after a reformulation of the product which took into effect around 2011, I had to reduce the rating of this one. 	What used to be a grassy green fresh bright violet scent with a little bit of a gasoline smell is now a bergamot-leather headache, which to me is vomit inducing and not pleasant at all. 	This used to be one of my favorite fragrances, and it was a classic that endured for so long, but this reformulation wasn't just a slight change.  It was a dramatic change which took away everything I loved about the original. 	Try to find the vintage if you can, but otherwise, avoid this one at all costs.
thumbs up!! vintage vintage fahrenheit where are you? the new crap juice they make now days man...i hate it!!! sucks! but still amazing frag with personality not for the shy boys! amazing silage and longevity! 5 stars!!
ps: don't bother buying the new wateredown version of this frag...waisting your money! sorry DIOR, 
I was looking for something different, no Le Male at all, but began to test several fragrances at a local Belk.  I got to Le Male and thought.  It smelled like something I already have, Body Kuros.  I do not know if BK has been reformulated but my juice in over a decade or so old now.  So my nose, from both, gets a spicy sweetness.  It is ok, but not something I would want to wear. I only wear BK a couple times a year. I cannot speak for longevity but the initial power is strong. I do not like the sticky sweet of it but others may find this appealing.   
So I was out of my bottle which I got from my friends 11 years ago. So I purchased a 200 ML bottle for 60 euros. Bargain I thought for such an awesome smell, butt (yes, double T f....., thats how I felt)... WTF?!? Why the hell would you REFORMULATE YOUR BEST SELLING PERFUME JPG?!?! WHY?!?

Scent
Scent itself is a masterpiece, but this one smells less powdery than my previous bottle and more aqua...

8/10

Projection
Poor, ok projection for the first 90 minutes then it's bye bye kansas. My previous was a beast projection.

3/10

Longevity
Poor, getting max 5 hours. Used to get 15 hours of longevity. Stays over 24 hours on clothes though.

5/10

Versatile
Less suited for winter.

9/10

------
6.3 overall score

Neutral score cause of the scent and versatile score. I am so disappointed, not gonna buy this anymore. Well, atleast it was cheap, 100 ml for 30 euros. Poor projection and longevity and the whole world owns it now. There are better perfumes than this. 


Powdery,sweet,gives me a nausea's feeling ,,,,really synthetic probably nice at a distance..Think i prefer it on others as opposed to myself...
If you like this frag and wished it was on another level then go for Amouage Reflection man....Stunning,upperclass,totally well blended scent similar to le male but on another level totally and goes a different direction at points...but yes similar.
My nickname for this fragrance is "man in a can" because well, that's what the packaging is.

This is a good fragrance. The combination of mint, lavender, and vanilla has been duplicated many times, but this is still the original and best. However, at least where I live, men overspray this one quite frequently. One of my friends started wearing Le Male once, and he used so much that he could choke a small room.

So go ahead and wear Le Male - but please, don't overspray.
Le Male is one of my few blind buys, and I regret it. It is constructed around a minty lavender opening and heart, and a sweet base of vanilla, musk and amber. I get some faint spices and woods throughout its lifespan on skin, but the trinity of mint, lavender and vanilla dominates everything else. While it scores for being quite original in scope and execution, I don't personally find the overall scent to be very agreeable. Moreover it seems to diffuse this sophomoric vibe and I cannot take it seriously at all. After hearing about all the wonders, I find its performance on my skin to be pretty average. 

For some reason I feel this would smell better on a woman. But I'm not recommending it to anyone. 
sweet,fresh,sometimes annoying i'd say.Average longevity and projection for me
Cuba Gold has bad, tacky packaging. JPG took Cuba Gold, found even worse packaging, and raised the price from $3.99 to $64. Le Mâle is God's way of telling you have too much money.
Shalimar for Men. Then...... pleasant musk. 
A sweetish, very synthetic scent with a sweet minty start that becomes increasigky flowery -mainly lavender - to be completely dominated by vanilla in the drydown. Overloaded and unbalanced at times, it's main fortes is a splendid longevity of eight hours in cool weather. 
This is a very complex fragrance and it does involve into something interesting to say the least. I'll be honest and say it is semi pleasant but it is not my kind of scent and I wouldn't wear it in public. First initial impression is baby powder and vanilla.

Try it before you buy it.

This fragrance (Le Male) is in the same category as Chergui and Givenchy Pi: baby wipes.

When reviewing a fragrance, it is best to cast aside personal preference and try to rate the fragrance objectively. The cardamom, caraway, and cinnamon add depth and warmth, while the vanilla and tonka bean turn the whole thing into a delicious baked treat. I’m having a tough time picking up on the mint. The lavender adds a masculine nuance, but in the end it’s all about a baby’s rear end.

Here’s the breakdown:
Le Male: baby wipes + spices 3.5/5
Chergui: baby wipes + hay and tobacco 3/5
Pi: baby wipes + baby wipes + vanilla 2/5

Not a bad scent.  Just way to sweet for my meat!
it reminds me of the barber shop which i visited with my dad they used a powder which exactly smelled like this
This is a nice little fragrance, but sadly underwhelming. Top notes are cinnamon, cardamom, with a hint of lavender/ginger. Middle is clean linen. Once dry it is powdery vanilla. Not that the success of a fragrance should be measured by this, but I can't catch the scent 10 minutes after applying it. Occassionally, I will catch the faint vanilla. It wears close to the skin with absolutely no projection or sillage. Starts of well, but loses stamina and complexity almost immediately. I would not purchase this again. 
Sugary bubblegum sweetness. I can see the appeal and if I was 21 again I would most probably wear it. They say females like this one and can understand why. Being the wrong side of 40 it will be a pass from me.
Boring.For the masses.Non existent personality. Just OK. If you want to smell like one million (at least) other people then this is for you. Is it not  why they named that way ? Overall 6/10

Got a sample on a card the other day. It's just okay. A bit too feminine for me. Smells like a softer Versace Dreamer. Lasts a long time though and is consistent throughout its wear.
It took me quite a while to try this one. Neither though because of its popularity, nor because of its controversy. I simply did not know about it and about either as I did not have time to focus too much on fragrances at the time that it launched. I have since experienced it over the course of several wearings and two previous paper strip tests.
Initially I did indeed notice what is referred to as bubblegum and not only dit it not bother me, it seemed interesting in an unusual and refreshing way and I may have appreciated for it to be incorporated further into its composition. It is a relatively dense fragrance and while it may not have an obvious complexity, it seems to have the ability to embrace the wearer and to make them feel comfortable and welcome. If you think about it, this might in itself be an intricacy of sorts. In addition, the scent could be seen as an attempt at an abstraction of the material and colour of gold. I did not find the scent itself to be unbearably sweet nor pretentious. It seems more likely that the name, the flakon and the mindsets of some of the individuals who used it contributed to the latter association. Having mentioned the flakon, it tended to be impractical to hold and use while the sprayer itself seemed adequate.
The isolated orange or grapefruit note for some reason reminded me of a comparable note in an Armanian code, the theme of the material all the while brought to mind a feminine, a female marketed, fan of Fendi and the impression of nail polish and a Black Forrest cake cherry acidity which lead to the imagining of a scene on a dark leather sofa respectively and the wearing of tight leather leggings with horizontal cuts in the prosperous lobby of a hotel late into the night with a drink of gloomy alcohol from the connected bar which I happened to have experienced from one of these rectangular, welded sample packages which may have been slightly leaking within a heap of other samples. There seems to be a certain resistance towards sweeter respectively oppulent fragrances marketed to men, assumably because they could be mistaken for fragrances marketed to women and because they would perhaps represent a threat to the debatable notion that such compositions are intended for women and that is for women luring in men.
After some time has passed and after also having overapplied the fragrance, I notice that its relative linearity respectively that a kind of plainness as well as a certain sourness can become respectively have become issues for me. The former represents an issue with a reach beyond this fragrance, as I believe that fragrances with an elaborate complexity must remain affordable instead of continuing to steer towards absurdity aspects such as inaffordability and inavailability.
When I first bought this, I loved it, I loved it from start to finish, and I have even gotten many compliments on it.

Then I started to make DIY cologne, I learned to identify many different types of scents. And in the process of making my own cologne, I trained my nose to be able to identify and smell a wider range of scents.

Now that I've increased my smell capabilities, it smells okay at best. Very artificial. Far to strong on some notes.

To an untrained nose, this is an excellent fragrance. But don't wear it around someone that is trained in perfumery, because it does not smell like it's worth the price.
It's not a terrible scent but intensely sweet. I've seen girls trying this on at department stores because they like the way it smells - that tells you everything. Yes, it smells like candy but I have to admit I love the warm, spicy opening. The dry down can be sickening. Let's cut to the chase - we all know what this is for. PR 1 Million is a loud fragrance you put on to get noticed by girls. Although I would never wear this fragrance, it does the job for a night out. It is completely juvenile (can't see any guy over 30 reaching for this) and everyone know this scent because of it's popularity. Most counters will tell you, this is a top seller - what does that say about our taste! I must say, performance is beast mode! Why can't other designer fragrances perform like this? This is EDP+!   
To me it smells like a chocolate orange marinated in sunny delight for a year. Curious smell that takes a while fr the synthetic cheap top notes to go away.
1 Million is a contemporary, synthetic, cheap and conventional “trendy leather scent”, quite plastic and light too, which is anyway overall honestly better than I expected by reading the reviews. It’s basically a sort of “all-rounder” scent which tries – and actually manages – to smell good for everything: fresh enough for the gym, safe enough for the office, trendy enough for the club, generic enough for the Post Office, and so on. Most of all, nice enough for the target it’s clearly aimed at – which is surely not the most refined gentlemen on Earth. The composition is quite simple: citrus head notes, a suederal base recreating a light, mellow suedeish note – clean and generically “modern” like in dozens of other contemporary leather scents – some canonical floral counterparts (violet, or rose), woods and patchouli to enhance the “darker” and drier side of leather, spices. As I said, all smelling quite dull, trendy and plain, with the texture and the quality of a car freshener. Still... well, I can’t really hate this. Mostly because it’s clearly, openly, and *honestly* aimed at a precise target, which *likes* and wants this kind of scents – a type of audience which basically wants a decent-smelling thing  good for any situation, and possibly generic enough to look cool and à-la-page (which for some people, means “conform to and like what other people like”). 
With so much pretentious niche that smells like this and costs three times this, pretending to be “luxury” or “sophisticated” ... you know what? That is what I hate – the pretentiousness, the fraud. While as much crap it may be, 1 Million’s fine for me, because at least it does not look pretentious (I mean, look at that hideous bottle... it’s so kitsch I want to hug it!). I always try to consider scents both “per se” and in perspective relating them to pretenses, price, target and so on. And while per se 1 Million is undoubtedly far below good (although – crucify me – it smells nice to me) if we relate to its actual raison d’etre, this is a respectable product which is aimed at the right targets – people whom you wouldn’t suggest to wear Monsieur de Givenchy or Guerlain’s Derby to. As much as you wouldn’t suggest a bespoke Corneliani suit to people which wear Topman sweaters (and you surely don’t blame Topman for not being so quality and class as Corneliani). For me, the problem of perfumery is not Rabanne or other hundreds of crap scents which, in a way, clearly “look” crap even from the bottle – the problem is the intolerable pretentiousness of brands pretending to look better than they are, and people feeding them by paying ridiculous amount of money for this same quality of Rabanne. 1 Million is so openly, unambiguously, honestly tacky I can’t really blame it for nothing (plus, as I said – crucify me again – it smells better than expected). And I’m fine with that (not that anyone should care). 

6/10
I didn't want to like this stuff.  Yeah I admit I'm a little snooty, but that wasn't the reason. The real Paco Rabanne was my first purchase ever and I still think it's great stuff.  I think it's because of the money-worshiping name and crass marketing.  (For the record, I also think Roja Dove's ludicrous prices are a crass appeal to money-worshippers.  But Dove has exquisite skill and taste.)

And the fact is I really don't like 1M very much.  But there are a couple of nice parts.  The blood orange early on is very nice.  When the coconut comes up it makes a nice naranjo-colada.  If you are a high school or college kid this might be a benefit because it will remind the girls you are interested in of their recent pubescence when they adored candy-shop smells.  Whether this inspires them to play dress-up or dress-down is for you to tease out on your own. 

After those parts comes a suffocating cedar-paneled sauna of steaming cinnamon, underlaid with a cheap, cheap sweet floral.  Cloying and claustrophobic. At this point it became a scrubber.
Some days its good, others day, I put it on take a whiff and throw up cause it sometimes becomes bubble gum with some spice at the end. Idk, but when it smells good, it really works nicely.
Bazzoka joe musk If type two diabetes had a smell, I think this is it. I hate to admit it, but I feel like 1 million has just that many things wrong with it. It is the official smell anthem for the "me" generation with how much it stands out. This is not really putting the "b" in subtle here folks. It screams "I'm 18, I paid 60 bucks for this t-shirt, I'm drunk, and I don't really love you". So if that's what you are going for, you're in luck because we found your scent.Pros: It is an introductory to the world of cologneCons: Everything
When i first got my nose on 1 million, it was ok..

Second try and err, it was just way too sweet.

Im going neutral on this fragrance mainly cos i dont completely hate as it didnt offend me, but dont really think i would want to wear it.

meh...
This is bubblegum.  Double-bubble, specifically.  Not for me.
This is about as synthetic candy-sweet as it gets. A touch of citrus and mint to start off, a bit of spice and patchouli thrown in, not very well balanced or convincingly blended.  Outstanding, however, aside from the good silage and projection,  on my skin is the monster longevity of twelve hours. 

 At first sniff this was a very unique scent, not particularly masculine, but very different from all the fresh aquatic scents that have come out over the past few years. I definitely picked up on the rose note as it began to dry down, but not so much with the leather note. I tried it on for myself and loved the top and middle notes, but  when it came to the base it smelled just like pencil shavings on me. 
 If mixed with the right chemistry I could see 1 Million as an amazing fragrance, just not on me. It is a distinct fragrance, I could pick Million out on a blind sniff, but it's not for me.
didn't mind the intial first few minutes until it got too sweet.  not my cup of tea, but the i do like the bottle. very cool i must admit
I get the cotton candy / juicyfruit sweetness at the start with some cinnamon. When it settles down on me, it is predominately spice and musk, with a hint of the sweetness in the background...and that there lies the problem. Too much musk and spice. If they dropped the musk back a bit and increased the sweetness on the dry down then this would be perfect. As it is, its just average.   
I love it! Especially opening. Unfortunately it's so popular, that you won't find living human being, who don't know what 1 million is, what it smells like and how it looks like. Too many people wear it. If you want to smell decent and OK, then go for it!

Rating would be positive if not the popularity.
This is a great one if you want to smell like cotton candy. I am not meaning that in a bad way, but it just isn't for me. I don't find any complexity in it, just sugary with a powder vanilla dry down. 
Great bottle - if you're a teenage boy who wants to swank about in the bathroom. Great silage and longevity - if you're a teenage boy who wants everyone to know that he's just started shaving. Great advert - if you're a teenage boy who likes the idea of blinging it up. Great opening - not just for teenage boys - the blood orange smelled like mandarin jelly to me - delicious. Vile drydown - great for a teenage boy who wants his friends to know he's wearing 1 Million - but for everyone else it's an invitation to a migraine.  Whatever White woods are meant to smell like, they seem to occur in every budget or copycat fragrance and have the tenacity of a cockroach. 

Postscript: 5 days later, the cuff of my jacket still reeks from two sprays of a tester. 
This smells like it was created to appeal to as many people as possible. It's a pretty floral but not at all memorable. I've been testing it for days and kept forgetting to write a review because I forget I'm wearing it. It fades quickly.
Gucci Bloom (2017) is an interesting perfume. Fresh, light, feminine, and crisp, this perfume should check all the boxes for the modern female nose. Closer inspection of the scent reveals it uses a combination of florals typically associated with older aldehyde chypres and 80's powerhouses; namely the absolutes of jasmine, tuberose, iris, and gardenia are coupled with orris root and cedar to deliver a drier presentation than the sweet fruity floral shower gel homages that stand in for modern designer perfumes marketed to women these days, and I feel that may mark Gucci Bloom as a "grandma" perfume to the youngest of the 21st century perfume buyers out there. All of that notwithstanding, what we basically have is Alberto Morillas doing what he does best: following a brief to the letter and delivering exactly as asked without much artistic embellishment, which in this instance is making a "bloom" of flowers. The perfume gets a lot of crap from perfumistas and  colognoisseurs for behaving like a mindless hired gun and spitting out heaps of vapid drivel between the occasional spark of artistic genius, but his ability to "color inside the lines" is exactly why he gets so many commissions to begin with. and sometimes we end up with something pleasant if not extraordinary to show for it. Gucci Bloom isn't the only 21st century perfume that has attempted to redress a traditional floral in something younger and more affable, but the way it goes about presenting itself (as something totally innovative and new) versus what it is when smelled is the biggest obstacle it faces, yet has proven successful enough to create a line of flankers (which unsurprisingly bear no resemblance to this main pillar whatsoever).

Gucci Bloom opens with some really lush jasmine sambac, like the kind you can find growing in a botanical garden or backyard garden. The tuberose gently lilts into place alongside this very fresh jasmine, creating a wall of white floral elegance that separates the ladies from the girls if this is smelled upon them. I totally get why an accord like this is seen as dated and mature, because tuberose in particular was used to death in many of the "terrible tuberose" powerhouses of the 80's, and even though it isn't pushed by tons of aldehydes or oakmoss here, the note is familiar enough to those who sniffed their mom's perfume to create that connection. Once you get past this, we enter a nice sweeter gardenia and honeysuckle accord accredited to the exclusive "Rangoon creeper" variety used for Bloom, but it brings enough youth to the scent to bridge that generational divide in bloom. A clean iris comes in again to reiterate the maturity of the scent with a makeup-like quality that helps the florals merge nicely into the orris, cedar, and musk of the base. The final stages are dry, woody, and lightly musky but clean, with the tuberose and jasmine just sailing overhead in wisps here and there. Totally casual, very summery, and quite pretty, Gucci Bloom is literally everything most serious tuberose perfumes are not: relaxed. People who love pretty white florals but want to stay within modern perfumery will already be all over this long before I weigh in on it, but for those not familiar with Bloom, this is effectively a summer dress and straw hat in a bottle, with a bit of aromachemical bounce to make it feel airy for moderate day wear with medium projection. I don't get much unisex potential with this one, unless you're a man with particularly exaggerated dandy tastes, but I wouldn't be put off smelling it on anyone regardless of gender. 

The problem with this is tuberose is a love or hate flower from the get go, and if you're not thrilled by the full monty of Robert Piguet Fracas (1948), the intense purity of Carnal Flower by Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle (2005) or even the voluptuous blended tuberose treatment of Estée Lauder Beautiful (1985), then you might be -just- okay with Gucci Bloom, but it will come across as a dialed-down version of something you're already hesitant to enjoy. For everyone out their loving their tuberose and cranking it proudly to eleven, Bloom may seem like a dilution made for mass consuption, a "Flintstones Vitamins" version of Fracas, and so on. The tug-of-war between old-school full floral and new-school freshness is a novel way to approach tuberose, especially with the jasmine sambac and honeysuckle making it feel more of a natural occurrence in the air rather than a concentrated "perfumey" blast, but it's a compromise on the level of the doomed New Coke, where you know you're getting an old idea re-keyed with modern sensibilities rather than just a flat-out new idea or something that is traditional and owns it with pride. The person who likes Gucci Bloom is likely the person who loves tuberose but doesn't want to wear the old girls in public due to their weight and tenacity, or the younger folks who loved their mother's perfumes but can't pull them off, so they want a version made "for them", but anyone without these peer pressure-induced hangups just wants their tuberose and doesn't care. Sampling the line should be rather easy as this stuff is all over the major retailers, and even if you don't like the original Bloom, there are several flankers which all have unique characters worth exploring as well. For me, this is a solid neutral because I'm not a tuberose fan and the jasmine here is not of the potency I prefer, but Gucci Bloom is nothing if not pleasant otherwise.
Love child of Diptyque's Olene and Lutens' Fleurs d'Oranger, but less interesting than both. Reminds me of a cheap body spray I used in the late 80's or early 90's.

If you're looking for a fresh white floral with more jasmine, Olene is 'higher,' lighter,  and more natural. 

Perhaps I'm just not a tuberose fan. Perhaps I'd like it better if it didn't smell to me like "Beverly Hills 90210." 
I love tuberose but, although this is well balanced, this floral is a bit too fresh, too green and too light for me. 
Neutral. Upon release, I wore this fragrance in deference to Carlos Benaim, who authored my beloved Polo Green. Ultimately, it never fully resonated with my tastes and the bottle was relegated to under the sink forever more. Despite the annoying, wrecking ball level of mass marketing - this frag deserves it's place amongst the best of 1989 releases.  

3 stars. 
My best pal used to have this as his signature scent for years. He’s since expanded his cologne collection but I recently bought it myself in a bargain box-set with 100ml edt, 100ml aftershave balm plus the deo stick.

It’s very 90s but is one of the iconic classics from Calvin Klein along with Obsession and CK One.

It’s very synthetic and best described as a soapy but sweet mix of lavender, citrus and vetiver.

It was popular when I was a kid and I wore it then too - reminds me of playing NBA Jam on Sega whilst listening to Snoop Dogg and Pearl Jam - yep, it’s at 90s as that!

Worth picking up for £25 / $30 but that’s about it.
I really like this opening, it’s gorgeous. It reminds me of my youth, as I was born around the year this fragrance was created. It’s a scent that I always had faint memories of, but not quite sure exactly what cologne I was remembering, and then I smelled it at a store and BINGO! Definitely is a great, clean, safe, everyday fragrance. The first impression is VERY crisp and clean, a bit floral but not feminine in any way, and airy. You get a perfect mixture of fresh greens, florals (the lavender is really nice), citrus, and a slightly woody base (but pretty much ZERO depth).

My biggest complaint is the synthetic dry-down that brings out some bitter and sour/chemically notes... and sometimes straight up makes me want to rub it off. It’s like the overall scent of laundered clothes but it can kind of give me a headache as if I’m sniffing chemicals, hard to describe but it’s not always pleasant.

However it is a classic and, along with Tommy, the ultimate scent of the 90s in my opinion. Just be aware it’s insanely common and to some it’s very dated. It’s a staple and every man should have a bottle at least once in their life (probably as a teen, high school years), I mean it’s not offensive or bad, it’s continually a best seller for a reason, it’s just a bit cliche and can be synthetic.

I used to love and swear by CK, they were cheap and smelled good, and I really had no idea about any frags with true depth and class, so the more I get to know fragrances, I truly realize why some people label Eternity (and pretty much every single CK frag) as generic, but I don’t like to be a snob, so really who cares, if the scent is good for and you enjoy it, go ahead and wear it, I will always keep these around because sometimes, the situation calls for it! :) It will most likely always be a popular, good smelling scent which may have suffered a bit from reformulation (reduced longevity, more synthetic possibly), but it's just too hard not to like it overall, mostly due to nostalgia honestly. 

I will say this with the best intentions, I’d definitely encourage exploring more fragrances if you are a fan of Eternity, it’s a great place to start! But it would truly be a shame if you stopped there. I truly used to think this was the best scent in the world... until I started really learning and exploring all the others. Dive in!! 
Opening: 8.25/10
Dry down: 4/10
Longevity: 5/10
I was never really a big fan of Eternity. It was just very fresh and quite nice. There was nothing to really dislike. I just found it kinda boring. 
I first wore this 1990 to 1991 and love it.
It has an unusual sweet smell.
I bought it in 2017 out of nostalgia and I secretely kind of like it... I do not know though, whether this has been reformulated since the nineties or I purchased old (out of date) stock because its longevity is poor... I remember ETERNITY lasted for ages
For me 5/10
Back in the day, I remember smelling Eternity as a kid.
Smelling this today, it's as I remember it.
At least the opening.

Everyone describes Eternity as synthetic. I guess it is. It doesn't smell cheap or immature though, like many fragrances targeted towards teens in the late 90s/early 2000s.
It's very classy, sharp, and goes well with formal attire, although casual works well too.

The thing I don't like about it is, after about two hours you lose that sharp, green/citrus opening, and it softens out to this more powdery, white musk scent.
This, I believe is what everyone is referring to when they say it smells generic.

SMELLS LIKE:

Aqua Quorum. Eternity + Cool Water = Aqua Quorum.

Curve and Luck You are the teenage kids of Eternity. 

CONCLUSION:
To me, this is one of the most classic fragrances of all time. The scent for the first one or two hours is amazing. 
But the dry down to that powdery musk part, which exists for the rest of the fragrances life span is boring and not that good. 
If somehow the opening could last the whole time, or the dry down got more interesting, this would be perfection.


And safe and good for any occasion. A bit nostalgic for those of us who were young enough to remember this when it first launched and every popular guy in high school was wearing it.

You can't go wrong with this classic. 
This is a shadow of what it used to be.  Back in high school, every guy had a bottle of this and the halls were filled with clouds of Eternity.  Why?  Because all the high school girls loved it - including my girlfriend (who is now my wife).  

25 or so years later, I picked up a bottle for some nostalgia.  It's almost unwearable now in its reformulation but there's still a ghost of the original lying here and there underneath.  For this reason I keep it around if we want a trip down memory lane.
This is a classic scent in my book with the citrus and lavender, but I find it a bit too synthetic.  At first, I was a little surprised how much this one jumped off my skin, but, in the end, I got just average performance with this.  Of course, if you wore this in Summer, it could probably be too much.
I never liked this when it came out but I was recently given a sample and I thought I'd give it a try.  After a full day, I have to say that it is okay--synthetic and oddly harsh, in its light, fresh fougere way.  Eternity is not horrible but also adds nothing to the genre (which it helped popularize).  I wore it on a slightly overcast day at the beach (where I rarely wear anything) and it fit in well enough while I knocked around and did some errands.  Calvin Klein's scents just elude me--I have never found one I like and some I actually strongly dislike.  It is nice, occasionally, to retry things on the off chance that you will discover a new-found love or at least to confirm your earlier impressions.  Impression confirmed.  
Eternity used to be one of my main fragrances in the early 90's.   As I began to learn about fragrance diversity and expand my collection, I wore Eternity less and less and finally threw out the remaining bottle, which was almost gone anyway after 15 years.  As other reviews have stated, Eternity is just too bland and boring in today's marketplace and there are so much better safe office scents available that are more intelligent and interesting.
This was my signature scent in the mid-'90s.  And smelling it now brings back that era--light and woody with hints of citrus and a great vetiver.  I could wear it easily and it seemed to work for just about any occasion.  I still think it's a good fragrance.  I finally just tired of how synthetic it was (which maybe was also why I liked it in the first place).  I think perhaps I got a bit older and my taste changed to heavier fougères.  But still many good memories of this one.
Not into eternityWell its a classic ! Point made but... But it is a transparant scent for me in a neutral way, fresh and calming but not very interesting.OK i think there are not many men (and women) who will dislike this one on a person wearing it but ...If i may give a tip for a better alternative try Lanvins HommeIts in the same vibe. I used to like the version from the early nineties  better as this version had some extra edge which the current formulation lacks .The 90's Eternity had a better sandalwood/lavender composition with the greens running around.New formulation is soul-lessThats why i give this one just 1 decade instead of eternity.Pros: Clean and soapyCons: Thin reformulation without a bite."
Worthless reformulation by Coty	Coty reformulated this juice so that it's just a weak version of its vintage self. And that's after at least one prior reformulation by Unilever. 	The vintage is a rich bourbon in color; current production looks more like Budwiser on ice. Instead of spending a fortune to market Eternity and Obsession spin-offs like Eternity Aqua, Eternity Summer, Dark Obession and Obsession Night, Coty would fare better by not watering down the original, highly successful formulations. 	Two knock-offs I know of that come close to vintage Eternity for Men are Very Sexy for Men by Victoria's Secret and Séx?al pour Homme by Michel Germain. I've compared Very Sexy, Séx?al and current Eternity, on skin, side-by-side. 	Séx?al pour Homme has the best longevity, though it's hardly what I would hope for. Very Sexy has almost no longevity at all; it feels as though it's gone in ten minutes. Current Eternity for Men falls somewhere between those extremes. 	Plus Séx?al pour Homme holds a bit more spice and sweet bite in the drydown than either. 	So, though it's not all that well-known, I rely on Séx?al pour Homme for every day usage.  Meanwhile, I keep a bottle of Very Sexy displayed on the vanity for the ladies to admire ... as well as for refreshing Séx?al pour Homme while at home. I leave the lame Coty reformulation of Eternity for Men to gullible shoppers in the mall. 	And I keep an eBay search on for vintage Eternity for Men juice ... though I am more likely to find a live unicorn for sale first. 	Suggestions regarding in-production substitutes for vintage Eternity for Men would be readily welcomed.
This is one of the scents that I started on as a teenager.  I wore it because my dad wore and still wears it today.  I agree with the people that say that no woman dislikes Eternity for men because I have yet to meet one that does.  That being said it's pleasant enough and inoffensive.  Nothing spectacular really and it is synthetic smelling.  There's something in it that makes me sneeze which is why I stopped wearing it in the first place.  It does have good longevity for especially for the price.  Not something I would consider buying again though.
It´s a kind of ok smell, but lacks longevity on my skin, and thats a big deal to me. You should try before buy it, but it might work for you.
One of those old school frags you can't hate. A little strong at the initial spray, but quickly turns to an aquatic and citrus gem. I wear it to the gym once in a while (Two sprays.....Done).
A blast from my high school days. The citrus and flowery opening is huge. Like punch you in the face huge. Then you keep the flowers and add some spices, especially basil (like fresh cut basil from the garden). The dry down keeps the spice and adds wood. 

It's popular. You've smelled it, even if you didn't know it. You can get it cheap at CVS. It's loud, abrasive, and many women, particularly children of the late 80s and early 90s, love it. It's not linear but it's not exactly well-made. It smells like the prototypical $30 cologne you'd buy for your teenage son for his 8th grade dance. 
I really wanted to like this but just something about it doesn't smell right to me. It's a bit classy but just seems a little too 'mature' for my smell. Longetivity is great and so is projection, just can't seem to like the fragrance as much though.
It is a bit lacking in subtlety for me and clearly used to death but I cant give it the thumbs down, that basilly lavender blast is just too heady and kind of pleasant for that. Still has its place as a great young mans fragrance, as long as you can pick it up cheaply.
One of the best sellers of the 90's and no surprise why it a fragrance the public will like and shed out for.

Fresh, green and yes a bit too synthetic  but its pleasant to wear 

almost a thumbs up
The melancholy Eternity, with its citrusy traditional (lavender) opening, its astringent floral-herbal romantic heart and its woody, piquant and masculine base, smells like a sort of cleaned by spices, slightly ozonic and sour traditional powerhouse, masculine, comforting  and clear. There is a certain level of bitterness very appealing and pungent that is the perfect shelter for the romanticism of a deep, almost tasty, neroli accord plus moody jasmine. The base is slightly aromatic and warm due woods and roots that retain the general drought of the juice and owns a different kind of woody-ambery mildness on the side of the diverse citrusy-floral initial sweetness. These elements determine a touch of dissonance and complexity that give dignity to the juice. Many fragrances remind in their dry down the smell of Eternity and I think to Cool Water, Green Irish tweed, Joop Nightflight, Egoiste Platinum and many many others. The dry herbal and fruity-floral formula with woods and amber at base is a risky recipe cause a lot crossed by the noses all around and because of its common tart and floral monothematic depth. Eternity lacks indeed uniqueness, smells synthetic and is a somewhat generic (the formula is similar to the one of many bath energetic foams or chip and common fragrances) although fortunately preserves a touch of articulation. Clean, dignified, masculine, nostalgic.
Is this the most popular fragrance for young people ever? For a while that seemed to be the case. It is a semi-attractive scent that was very hyped and exceedingly overrated, especially by department store salespeople on commission. An agreeable, but entirely forgettable olfactory affair.
Green, fresh, vaguely herbal. 
It gets a bit ozonic and thin -- seems to lack depth or any interesting features.
Strikes me as an attenuated clone of Casswell-Massey's Greenbriar.
Quickly gets tedious.
I think people do not spend enough time wearing this fragrance. they put it on , smell it, and then think it is awful, and very soapy. When I first bought this I thought the same thing, but he more time you spend wearing this fragrance, it turns into a refreshingly sweet crisp apple scent that is actually alright. DEFINITELY not even close to being one of the best summer fragrances, but the scent itself is actually okay, and slightly unique. I started grabbing for the bottle more and more often, and I realized that there was more to this scent. So if you think you would like a crisp, slightly sweet, warm and refreshing apple scent, give it a try. Longevity and projection are actually pretty good for this fragrance.
This was my first ever fragrance and so I associate it with a younger man (I'm 30). I still think it smells ok but it's not something I'll ever buy again. It's a 'safe' fragrance and so not a classic for me.
I don't know what to say about Eternity for Men.This was one of my first scents. I believe it was actually the first "real" cologne I ever owned as a teenager. I absolutely adored the scent at the time, but it was (is?) so common, that I outgrew it. You KNOW when someone is wearing Eternity, that's for certain. Just something about it. This stuff really screams out for attention if you're not careful in your application, and it's not good attention when it gets that heavy.I doubt I could get away with wearing this these days. Perhaps I'll get a tester just for fun and see if it brings me back to high school (as I'm sure it would). It's just a boring, bland scent that seems to be reserved for teenagers.Oddly enough, though, I've caught my dad with a bottle of Eternity, and he managed to get away with it. Maybe it depends on the person. I'll pass.
My first thought when I got it was "Wow, this is the cologne that *everybody* wears."  It's got a pleasant enough floral scent with just enough spice to give it an edge.  Seems like good to wear to the office; business-like, but not enough to stand out.  In my opinion, this is one where it's popularity is actually the biggest strike against it.
This cologne is really good smelling, the bottle is super sexy, but it doesn't last on me, it lasts about 2-4 hours only, and it projects medium low strength. And for the price it is super bad, but because of how amazing it smells and looks, my rating is Neutral.
Decent clean scent, quite likeable but nothing special, an almost neutral kind of smell, quite fruity.
Smells good, but not enough.Reminds me some kind of wood, but more sophisticated.Doesnt's last much (4-5 hours on me).Not my fragance, but a good candidate...WARNING: never, i mean NEVER buy a fragance based exclusively on reviews: EVERYONE HAS A PERSONAL TASTE. YOU HAVE TO SMELL IT BY YOURSELF!!!
It is interesting to read how many reviewers got a headache from this.   I did not.  I find it to be clean and green with detergenty feel to it.    I think it is better than most Calvin Klein offerings, but that doesn’t say much.   A neutral rating from me.
Reading some of its reviews posted here, I guess, in a way, I was lucky to be in a world where the fad inclined towards Drakkar Noir, Lacoste and Polo rather than anything CK did. To give you an idea, not a single person around me was wearing Eternity! The young marginal and bookworm that I was, full of an imagination still untarnished by the rude awakenings of reality, I never paid much attention to trends heralded by the media. It was my thirst for spirituality, strangely, that made me try it. Inspired by its name, I sought a trace of infinity in its accord. When I ran out of it, having yet to live some kind of mystical encounter, I tried to buy another one but… I couldn’t find a single one anywhere I went! Now, looking back, I understand its popularity must have been the reason why. Out of nostalgia and curiosity, I recently tried it again. I’m surprised I ever managed to not only finish a 15 ml bottle of it but also to go on looking for more! I now can’t do anything but notice how I must have changed! It opens with strong mandarin and green scents but I fail to get the lavender mentioned in the pyramid. Its middle notes are still green, very green on me; mainly geranium. The ensemble, oddly, is somewhat minty but also very dry. It’s interesting because the memories I had of it were those of a rather sweet fragrance. It might be the fact that I’m aging; changing like grape juice turns into dry wine. If that’s true, I hope my sépage is of quality and has some chances of becoming vintage otherwise, I’m afraid it means I’ll end up bitter like vinegar! If I do turn out to be like this one day, then it’s quite probable I’ll start wearing Eternity again in hopes of passing, at least, for some kind of balsamic vinegar…  All in all, I’d say that it could be a nice fragrance, perhaps especially on a younger skin than mine. It does smell synthetic like the other CK fragrances I’ve tried after Obsession but, then again, for people new to perfumery like I was when I bought my first bottle, it passes unnoticed. To me, it is an interesting scent for its place in my life but on paper and only to reminisce of the past. Not on me anymore. Call me old and grumpy if you want but let’s just say that, the greenhouse effect, I now prefer to leave it to others.
