Burberry London is probably one of the very few fragrances from this line to deserve some attention and, despite being far from what I generally consider a standout (probably a matter of personal tastes here), it's surely decent.

A bright citrus / yellow floral opening that's definitely modern and pretty nicely exectuted. On the other side though, it immediately shows a certain high-pitched quality that's typical of way too many mall type of fragrances. I'm generally a big fan of Antoine Maisondieu but I usually prefer his less mainstream stuff such as most of the fragrances he delivered for Etat Libre D'Orange. The fragrance then turns into a lavender-infused, sweet tobacco / amber base that could have easily been a whatever of the latest Dior famenines of a minor Chanel aimed at younger crowds.

All in all, this is a solidly done fragrance but neither as creative as Maisondieu can get nor particularly to my tastes. Ok.


I used to be a huge fan of this fragrance until not that long ago. Really enjoyed it last winter and also wore it during the warmer seasons. But as my experiences advanced and my personal fragrance arsenal expanded I have found this scent marginalized. The problem is that I have started picking up this slightly nauseating note in Burberry London that kinda ruined it for me. Not sure exactly what it is but it makes it difficult to tolerate this fragrance. This almost headache inducing property leads me to suspect that London is not the most "natural" composition out there. But there really shouldn't be any surprises in that regard, either... 
Decent fragrance.  Nothing groundbreaking IMO. A lot of cinnamon with  pepper and a touch of leather. OK fragrance. 6.5/10
Genre: Woody Oriental

London’s smooth, spicy opening develops into a sweet woody oriental accord, something akin to  Boucheron’s Jaïpur Homme or YSL's Body Kouros, but not as good. By that I mean the Boucheron’s and YSL's deeper, richer, more complex spiced vanilla- anise tonka bean accords leave London smelling scrawny, stingy, and artificial by comparison. (Especially so in Jaïpur’s EdP formula.) 

On top of that, London pretty much goes to pot in its early-arriving drydown, which is nondescript sweet vanillic woods. It’s adequate, but no more. I don’t smell half the notes in the scent pyramid above - no leather, no tobacco, no “port wine,” and certainly no moss – only mimosa (heliotropin), cinnamon, something vanillic, and weak opopanax

I understand why this is a popular scent: like Armani Code, Geir, or Platinum Egoïste, it smells pleasant and inoffensive. Fine if that’s what you’re after, but for more or less the same money, I’d go for something like Jaïpur Homme or Body Kouros. They pretty much do what London does, but at least twice as well. Wear London and you’ll smell “nice.” Wear Jaïpur Homme or Body Kouros and you’ll smell distinguished.

The initial blast of tobacco, lavender, bergamot and the a wine-note is very nice, but then, after about half an hour it disappears, very close to my skin, into a dull and generic base that lasts another ninety minutes or so.  Great start but then disappointing. 
As many others have said, fantastic scent with so-so projection and poor longevity. Scent is pretty much Christmas in a bottle - a woody (pine), tobacco scent that is especially great for colder weather. 10/10 for scent.

Unfortunately the projection isn't the best, and the longevity is downright bad - pretty much disappears within an hour or two. Really a shame given how lovely the scent is, but the only way to get any real mileage out of the scent is to reapply 5 or 6 times a day. Thumbs up for the scent, neutral on projection, thumbs down on longevity.....so everything taken together I'll go down the middle on this one. 

If they ever make even a 4-6 hour version with better projection, it'll be a thumbs way up.
Wish I could go either way with this one... Mad that it lasts for a couple minutes then doesn't exist anymore but I love those 8 to 10 minutes it lasts. C'mon Burberry make it last for 20 minutes at least...
Enjoyable scent, one of the best of the Burberry's I've tried but it doesn't last long at all.  2 hours as said above is about right for me too..  Very weak
This was a blind buy, and it smells great... but for some reason the opening smells a bit like tea, and I get a lot of spice. Like I said, it smells good, but it just isn't the type of thing I could love and wear all the time, especially because the longevity isn't great. Still, not a bad smell, some people love it, and for a good reason.
Few elements paint this pleasant but undistinguished fragrance, i mean first of all a citrus-lavender opening dynamic and almost bracing flanked by a masculine note of pepper lasting in time, elements  in a while fading towards a middle stage mastered by an heliotropic cinnamon-mimosa duo averagely mild and sharp than finally sliding on a bed of moss, powdery woods and smoky myrrh. The final smell is linear, talky and with a peppery and masculine undertone of tobacco. I absolutely don't detect the leather while the winey-citrusy-floral (almost feminine) vibe starts increasing with the running of the time. I agree with Off-Scenter, the smell is averagely pleasant, inoffensive but lacking of distinction, complexity, authority and classic allure. Mediocre scent in the same vein of Spicy Oriental Pecksniff's.
Very nice smelling fragrance for the fall and perhaps winter, but it lacks longevity and projection.  Unfortunately, my skin drinks this stuff up and the scent completely disappears after half an hour.  Such a shame.
smells great but personally I can not associate this smell with fragrance on a person. a little too gourmand I would say. 
I get cherry most of all. 

with that said, I would still wear this in winter.
Put this one on your skin and you will be basically saying to everybody: Hey, it's Christmas time!

Burberry London smells like pine tree mixed with spicy notes like cinnamon, and a hint of red wine. Very nice smell, but sadly it doesn't last. But this is not a thumbs down, I just wish it stays longer on my skin, since it is a pleasant smell all the way through.
It smells great for me, I mean, it ALMOST fits my personality because of the tobacco

Unfortunately, that was the best thing I could find in the store, and it proved not great as I thought, plainly because it does not last and has very poor projection...

I mean, I bought it hidden from my family, and I go around the house wearing it and NOONE notices, and noone EVER commented, but my girlfriend, and she only commented after hugging me and have her nose literally rubbed on it.
Nice smell , but I think there is too much hype with this fragrance.
As other reviewers say, this has a synthetic touch that annoys specially at the top and middle notes .
When it dries down is when this fragrance shows its good qualities.
The notes I feel the most are tobacco leaf, wine and pepper .
Longevity is better than average but projection is nearly absent, no one around you notes when you are wearing it.
Nice bottle covered in tweed. Not too expensive

Let's be neutral.
It's a nice smell, however, it can only be enjoyed in the cooler months.

Less is definitely more with this one as well.  If you spray more than 2 then you'll smell like cherry flavoured cough syrup.  But I recommend 1 spay to neck and 1 on the wrist and then tap the wrists to enjoy it to it's fullest.
Nice smell indeed.

But with such weak projection and longevity I really don't know when is the best time to use this scent...

Summer, and you smell like a Xmas tree. Winter and no one can really smell you!
There are basically two fragrances here.  One is the same that is in Cuba Red, which is dry, at least slightly synthetic, woody, and spicy.  The other is dominated by the "port wine" note.  The "problem" is that the port wine thing doesn't last that long, and you are left with Cuba Red, more or less.  This is why I can't give it a positive review (and also because it is at least slightly synthetic to my nose).  The Cuba Red type of thing lasts a long time, but with modest projection/"sillage."  I swapped mine off, but I kept a bottle of Cuba Red, though I don't wear it often, because of the big price difference.
I love this fragrance, I truly do.  However, when it comes to perfumes, one must also take into account other people's opinions.  I was given a big sample of Burberry London and I used it for a week.  I fell in love with the tobacco/wine note.  In fact, this rich sweet note reminds me of aromatic pipe tobacco which I find rather interesting.  I could not bring myself to buy BL though.  I only got bad comments on this EDT.  Someone told me that I smelled like I an empty bottle of cheap booze.  A French guy who works with me told me I smelled like "la goutte", which is an old home remedy for the cold, I think.  When I asked some friends what they thought of BL, the most positive comment I got was "Well, it sure is special" (in my book, this is a polite way to say:  "I don't care for it but, hey, it's none of my business!").  Anyway, I may buy a bottle just for my personal pleasure.  I could wear BL in the privacy of my own home without offending anyone.  Too bad...
 What seemed at first like a real contender of a fragrance turned out to be a great pretender. The sweet, jammy port with the tobacco, pepper, and leather is certainly classy in a delicious way and really the composition is original and refreshing. What ultimately prevented me from loving/buying London is the fact that it's got all the endurance of a doughnut enthusiast in a footrace. 
i loved this at first and thought i'd found a grail. then i got bored. most of my fragrance purchases seem to end up like this LOL! perhaps it is indeed better suited for the place it is named after but during the holidays it is nice to break this out once in awhile.
Burberry London is unique. It stands apart from the others. I finally got some after reading all the reviews and raves. I sprayed some on my wrist about an hour ago and it is beginning to settle down from the initial spritz. I do not perceive any Christmas trees, pine, or anything like that. As it settles down it comes across as very rich, and people are using the word "boozy," whatever that means, and I guess it is appropriate--like someone's warm breath who's been drinking sweet wine--so I suppose I am detecting the port wine note. It's a nice aroma--the port wine, that is--and I think I can detect the leather note, too. Hmmm, I just remembered an old fragrance I have called "Casual Friday," and London definitely reminds me of that fragrance. (I just found my bottle of Casual Friday and sprayed some on a tissue. It is indeed, similar). CF is not as deep and "boozy," but there are some similarities. Even now, almost an hour after initial application I can't detect much else. It's a pleasant fragrance, to be sure, and very sophisticated, so it would be appropriate for formal occasions and a night out on the town. It's extremely masculine, and hearkens back to men's fragrances of years gone by. I like it, and I'll wear it, but I don't think it will become a favorite. As a side note:  I find Burberry Brit (the ladies version) to be more spectacular than this. Although worlds apart in aroma and characteristics, Brit--used in moderation--could easily be worn by a man, and is a masterpiece of a scent, in my opinion. Forgive me for throwing that in, since it has nothing to do with London. I just have strong feelings about Brit, too. 
One of the better Burberry scents for men.  And that's probably because it emulates a true classic, that being Polo Green by Ralph Lauren.  The opening is a redo of Polo in a lighter version.  The mid to basenotes are okay, but all around sort of a disappointment.  This scent idea is better done in Polo Modern Reserve.  At the very end of its progression one is left with something akin to the scent of a bakery that specializes in cinnamon raisin bread.  I always pick the raisins out of my cinammon bread  and it's what I want to do with London.  I'll have to pass on this.
This scent was great from the initial blast through dry down and into the base notes. Unfortunately it faded just as fast.  On the plus, it never failed at gaining a complement as long as a lady was around within the first 1.5 - 2 hours.
London is actually a very nice scent--warm, woody, and somewhat gourmand--but it is not one that will always be in my collection.  The longevity is absolutely horrible.  I get around 2-3 hours maybe, but the sillage is nice for the first hour....
On my skin, the opening of London for Men is a port wine soaked cinnamon bun with coconut covered icing. It would be nice to eat, but I’m not sure I want to smell like this without having said bun in my hand.As time passes the sweetness eases and a little bit of wood arrives. The wood is always in soft focus, because the syrupiness of the port wine permeates everything.The dry down is the best part of London for Men. The tobacco is close to fresh cut leaf and blends better with the port wine than with any other note in the fragrance.If you’re up for booze and bakery, then London for Men might be just the thing, but if you are after real quality try Boucheron Jaipur pour Homme instead. Jaipur is richer, deeper, and clearer.
Ohhh Cool Water. My high school scent of choice brings back nostalgic memories related to chilly football games, pickup trucks, and a complete lack of discretion for cologne projection. 

Blast 2 or 3 (or 6) sprays of this dark blue magic and the soapy clean open slowly turns into a synthetic hot mess of musk and aquatic-ey woods recently described as "Most Mens Bodywash".

While you could do much worse, I think my biggest hangup with Cool Water is how generic it smells these days, similar to those $1 sprays you could buy in a mall bathroom. While it may have been trendy and cutting edge upon debut (was it?), nowadays you have smelled Davidoff (or its dozens of knockoffs and inspired-bys) on dozens and dozens of gentlemen in various different inexpensive soaps, sprays, aftershaves, etc. 

Not bad, not great, too forgettable to put in the "Nostalgia" pile, but maybe best as an inexpensive weekend scent that doesn't take much thought. 
This fragrance turns some heads in Kochi, India but they don't stay turned the way Boss Bottled and CK Eternity turns heads.

Smells of deodorant and EDT fill up the house after spraying on in the bathroom within the first few weeks after opening so be careful with this scent if you have sensitive noses in your house.
When I spray this, I wonder if my olfactory system is incorrectly wired. To me, it smells entirely unlike the usual descriptions. I don't find it even remotely "fresh" (citrus, lavender, herbs, marine...): rather, it's almost immediately sweet (amber? musk?) and vaguely spicy (coriander? sandalwood?). It's not unpleasant. But it's definitely not "fresh" to me. Maybe my nose is broke.
I never liked it or disliked it
I first came across it in 1994... This is a fresh, non citrus smell, not sweet, very inoffensive...
Smells like deodorant sprays in a gym changing rooms
It is ok for casual day-time wear, particularly in the summer.
I bought it again in 2017 and guess what? It is in my gym bag and I sometimes put on
5/10
Poppinj's review is pretty on the nose. At the time, Cool Water sent everything that came before it to the old folks home. But now, despite Cool Water still having a "freshness" to it, it not longer feels new.

Supposedly this has quite a bit of Dihydromyrcenol in it. I guess that's why it attacks my sense of smell so sharply, and gives me a headache. 
This is a wonderfully unique style of fragrance (if you don't count GIT), but it's far too sharp for me to enjoy it. 
I think it's something to be enjoyed in the context of the era it came out. It was a great response to the typical men's fragrances at the time: Polo, Quorum, Drakkar Noir, etc.
Today though? It's like it's trying to beat you over the head with how fresh and water-like it is. It's an overly strong aquatic. 
Sniffed this in passing at a perfume store earlier. It's probably a very great frag, but unfortunately for that sales lady, I'm a proud owner of  Creed GIT and although I can understand the comparison, this just doesn't even come close to GIT in terms of quality and sophistication. It comes off as cheap, synthetic, and kitchen cleaner -esque to my nose. Call me a pretentious Creed fanboy if you want, I just really wasn't impressed by this. 
I remember when in the late 1980's a new breed of men's fragrances were emerging. Aromatic aquatic fresh fougeres (AAFF) were led by New West, Cool Water and Eternity.

With this new class of fragrances, all of the previous traditional men's 80's powerhouse scents were considered old, heavy and suddenly out of style. The effect of these AAFF scents continues to this day and have been rigorously copied and campaigned by virtually every designer and fragrance house on this planet. Almost to the point of overkill in my opinion.

The extremely gifted Pierre Bourdon was the nose responsible for Cool Water. Just amazing that only seven years earlier he was also the creator of that 80's powerhouse Kouros; another fragrance the defined the earlier portion of that decade.

I like Cool Water but I'm also reminded that every guy back in the late 1980's and early 1990's wore this one to death, hence the neutral rating. Along with Eternity, you could not go anywhere in public without inhaling this from a stranger in a contained space. The subways, airports, malls, clubs and bars reeked of these AAFF variations for years to follow. It's almost as if in one fell "SWOOP", the dominance of New West/Cool Water/Eternity killed everything in its path between the years of 1988-1996. Gone were the heavy exotic creations like Patou pour Homme, Jean Desprez Versailles, Derby by Guerlain as manufacturers and fragrance houses rushed to join the AAFF bandwagon.

It's been mentioned numerous times by Basenotes reviewers that Cool Water is an "older guys scent", or perhaps what your "Uncle, Dad or Grand-Dad" wears. This makes me laugh, as perhaps all those "Club Kids" who wore Cool Water/Eternity back in the late 80's and 90's are now settled down with families and they are still sporting the same scent, refusing to let go.....
Initially when I sprayed on Davidoff Cool Water I was surprised on how minty it is. Initially you get a minty aquatic scent which lasts for about 3 hours. It slowly dies down around the 2-3 hour mark but is still noticeable. As time goes on the scent slightly transforms into a musky scent with slight mint. It reminds me of what older men would wear in the 80's and 90's. Which is kind of ironic because the scent was designed in 1988. Some people have said it is timeless, for me not at all. This is a scent that would be worn when working out, running, or any outdoor physical activity since the minty scent would be noticeable.
Great first 20 minutes, no wonder it is a best seller, but then settles down into stale cheapness and you realise you get what you pay for.  Lots of ambroxan in the base which I guess is a failed attempt at replicating Creed GIT's ambergris.

It is much better than a lot of the drugstore cheapies so I have to give it credit.  If your uncle was wearing this to a Sunday bbq you would be grateful considering the other options he had to chose from at this price point.

As for the resemblance to GIT, only in those first 20 minutes.   And to be fair, even then it is not at the level of GIT's spectacular, sparkling natural opening.
A landmark fragrance with a great freshness but the main reservation I have is the dosage of ambroxan. Anyone who uses cool water repeatedly will be marked out by this basenote as it accumulates, giving a smell rather like old cigars. 
I resisted getting this fragrance because it seemed every male and some females had this. When finally getting this i was surprised at the poor longevity, it seems to fizzle out after 2 to 3 hours. I love the Orange and Sandalwood, and feel that it smells similar to Champion though goes stale at the end. However in common with Champion this does not last long. The opening is very nice and very masculine, it is worth getting to add to your collection. However be warned, it seems most guys are wearing this, it is not original and that is the drawback.  
Totally teenage and obvious, takes me back to a younger time where things were more simple.

Not something I'd ever wear to a special occasion, but as a daytime fragrance for going to the post office - fine.
I used to like this until I got into Green Irish Tweed. The drydown is flat and herbal in a bad way.
Genre: Fougère

Does anybody really need another review of Cool Water? Beats me, but here are my two (s)cents:

Yes, it smells a lot like Green Irish Tweed, especially for the first half hour or so. And yes, it smells a little bit more obviously chemical. It's a relatively linear scent on me, and the drydown does not arrive at the familiar Creed “millésime” base.

It's pleasant enough, if somewhat cheap smelling, but what works against it most is that it's over-used and too often imitated. In all fairness I should forgive Cool Water for spawning so many inane progeny, but I'm not sure that I'm a big enough person.

Its clearly that Cool Water has suffered from the latest ban on oakmoss. Why Turin still gives it 5 stars is a mystery to me. This scent smells too harsh now, not only in its top, where thats not a big problem, but also in its mid and base now. Gone is the sparkle of the radiating  thick softness of oakmoss that was needed to put the overdosis of dihydromyrcenol  into balance. The bone-structure is still there, but it lacks the beautifull soft fabric of a perfect fitted dress that covered up the raw edges of the body. Gone is the shine of elegance, the beauty. I guess this shows how important the raw aromatics of natural origin still are in the modern formula's of perfumes. I cant give it thumbs down because the original Cool Water was so freaking (refreshing) original. Some memories are hard to ban...(yes, im from the 80's area..!)
The opening is very strong and harsh. Overpowering and unpleasant. Like metal and SALT, and very synthetic.

About an hour later it smells fantastic. Like 

Pros: great price, lovely dry-down

cons: harsh opening that lasts ~an hour. Lasts FOR-EV-ER. So long, in fact, that I think it is negative.
Fresh & Green	Great scent! I did the side by side comparison with GIT. Loved both - GIT was more green and Cool Water was more aquatic, but they are similar. Close enough that I wouldn't buy both. If I decide to purchase one of the two, it would probably be Cool Water.Pros: Green Without Being OverbearingCons: A Bit Harsh in the Opening
I wore this in high school back in the late 90's and early 2000's.  I loved it back then and it was very popular with my classmates.  As a sophmore I had an idiotic teacher who forbade us from wearing Cool Water in her classroom because according to her it smelled like marijuana.  I wore it anyway and she would make me sit outside.  Long story short the administration sided with her and I had to cease wearing this fragrance for the semester.  If I had known my rights and social networking had existed to the level it does now I would have owned that school today.  Anyway I remember Cool Water being a projection and longevity monster back then.  It would last through the school day and beyond.  A refreshing mint but at the same time smoky musky scent.  I didn't wear Cool Water for years and back in 2010 purchased a bottle from Macy's.  It was still the same scent I remembered and loved from back in the day but no longer the projection and longevity monster.  In fact after 15 minutes I could not even smell it with my nose pressed to my skin.  Alas I had to return the bottle.  Davidoff I guess is cutting corners to bring the price down even further for the masses.  I prefer to pay more for higher quality fragrance.  Maybe Ill try Cool Water again in the near future to see if it has improved.  Until then I can only give a neutral rating. 
This aquatic fresh and clean smelling fragrance(did I mention generic?) was pretty good years ago. Even though the initial spray smells like Green Irish Tweed (yeah I know, everyone says that) I would buy Green Irish Tweed any day over this one. Notice I said initial spray. After that, Cool Water goes to the shelter, Green Irish Tweed goes to the Marriott. I'm sure Pierre Bourdon knew what he was doing when he came out with Cool Water. 

I'm sure he smelled Green Irish Tweed at some point before coming out with this one. Not a bad cologne, but not original and overrated. 
really not sure why everyone loves this stuff so much

I have the older version with the script front (which is supposed to be better???)

On me it smells of sharp cheap artificial lemon car freshener and not much else, (citronella) and then I get a strange clashing coriander note that smells awful on me, luckily the whole thing only lasts about an hour before disappearing, there's nothing that particularly attracts me to this scent, except that women like it, hence the neutral rating.

If you really scrunch up your eyes and wish, you can get a squeak of similarity between a few middle notes shared with GIT, but it doesn't really stack up as a GIT replacement if that's what you're after, not really in the same league in any way.
Smells good, but I don't see the correlation with GIT that people talk about. I like how it smells, but the notes really don't seem to blend, at least during the opening. I'd call it an average scent.
Possibly the most overrated male cologne of all time.  It's not bad, but there's no compelling reason as to its popularity.

It opens up with an aquatic feel, with a hint of salt, pepper and lemon.  It then settles down into what can only be described as lemon washing powder.   Sillage is OK for about 2 hours, then it really dies down.   Longevity is not Cool Water's strong point.

It's best described as an inoffensive Spring-Summer scent.  It's not a bad scent, but it's really not that great.  If someone bought me Cool Water as a gift I'd wear it, but I wouldn't spend my own money on it.
Shouts "CHEMICAL" from head to toe; however, I don't mind wearing it on a hot summer day.
This is a watered down version of the fragrance I remembered in college years ago.  It isn't my style, but it smells clean and fresh.  I know the feud with GIT, and to be honest, except for perfume connoisseurs,  I have not met one person who could tell the difference between Cool Water and Git...$200 difference in price?  Cool Water's Longevity is fair,  2 spritzs can last about 4 hours.  but for $200 less, buy 2 bottles and an atomizer and reapply it during the day!
Not much more to say.   A fresh lavender, mint and citrus opening that quite soon dries down into the green notes of jasmin and oak moss with a touch of wood.  The newer samples seem to have lost some of the oak moss character and appear fresher overall.  It does not show much development.   Yes, a synthetic, cheaper and less complex remake of the classic Creed GIT, but, in all fairness, the lesser quality is reflected in the pricing.  On me it is gone after a couple of hours. 
Like most people this was my first cologne, I got it when I was about 14-15 and knew nothing about it, girls loved it, I loved it. Years later it smells incredibly synthetic. One day I walked into my friends little brothers room (he was about 14) and saw he had a bottle. The legacy lives on! Most people will love it, I still don't mind it. Kind of reminds me of a cheap deodorant though. 
Cool Water could be the most popular fragrance ever.  I have no reason to tell you how it smells like, because there are so many other reviews.

All I am going to say is, buy the smaller bottles.  With anything large, you are taking a chance for reduced longevity.  Many other people said that the larger bottles do not have as much longevity.  The smaller bottles seem more concentrated; therefore, I would stick with them.

Furthermore, I feel as though there is a slight difference in smell with every bottle of Cool Water.  Davidoff needs to confront this issue.  Many other said the same thing.  I can use a test spray at Dillards, then use a test spary a Macy's, and I notice both smell different.

Try to get your hands the older versions of Cool Water if you can.

Very nice bottle design.
I'm giving this a neutral because I rate this as an average fragrance. I won't bother describing it as there are over a hundred reviews but the only time I will wear this is after a shower after going to the gym because it smells clean.

That's it. Very average and very boring.
Well, reviewing this one is not going to be easy as basically  everything has been said about a quite influential release such as Cool Water. My point with this seminal composition is that while I quite enjoy the original version (I mean Green irish Tweed) but never been able to dispassionately love it, I'm not a big fan of its "cheaper" version (Cool Water). Surely influential and vastely appreciated but overused and as much imitated that I almost started to "hate" it. Not your fault Cool Water.

I've to move away from you for a while
I don't mind Cool Water for the most part except it has an annoying off putting metallic note on the drydown. I don't know what sparks it or if it is a combination of the notes, but even some of the knockoffs don't have it (and for that matter similar fragrances from other companies don't either). If it weren't for that I'd give it a thumbs up. Otherwise if I must I'll wear a knockoff or something similar that doesn't exhibit the same properties.
There are some fragrances which I don't consider to be wetshaver scents, but still use  in tandem with witch hazel and aftershave - Cool Water is one of them. It pairs particularly nicely with lavender witch hazel, as the tonic brings Cool Water's synthetic and sweet lavender out of its otherwise blah mixture of herbs, woods, and musk. There really isn't anything exactly like Cool Water, so newbies beware: don't think you have it prefigured. It's a try-before-you-buy, and while generally safe and functional, can be off-putting to people who are unfamiliar with '80s "fresh" fougères. The distinctive scent profile is (reluctantly) original, and Pierre Bourdon did a magnificent job creating a fragrance with near-universal appeal, and near-zero sex appeal. To this day, after years of sporadically wearing Cool Water, I still have no idea how he did it. The scent is as boring as it gets. Furthermore, the current formula has more than a few splashes of cheapskatery - its heart notes, once fizzy and vibrant, are now dull and smell somewhat like cardboard. I know my review is contradictory, but trust me on this - you'll be intrigued by the scent's singularity without being the least bit interested in it. 
Davidoff Cool water (namely a reinterpretation of a minty/musky/amberish concept of freshness yet expressed by Creed Green Irish Tweed imo) is a dry, somewhat linear fresh-aquatic fougere which starts as a typical floral aquatic with an initial blast of synthetic marine (citric and herbal) notes and finally becomes a clean, astringent juice with a woodsy-sharply floral soul and an oceanic outward appearance. I appreciate the pungent, herbal accord of rosemary-peppermind-coriander. Cedar, geranium, woods, aromatic lavender, herbs and dry spices make the scent stiff, angular, virile, herbal and clean. Jasmine and orange blossom provide a more intense floral sophistication (and hints of floral radiancy) while herbal elements project it out in a somewhat acrid way. In my opinion this is far less refreshing (and sparkling) than many other aquatics or fougere even in its top part (being for real astringent, slightly irony and almost restrained). Sandalwood and cedarwood provide a certain woody stable structure (substance) and stableness to the juice in the way it's heavier than you could expect it to be by marketing campaigns. Cool Water, though not properly original, is a respectable fragrance whereof is undeniable and appreciable the worldwide fame. I find this scent a bit boring even if it conjures me left back incandescent summers of the youth in my far Calabria.
I suspect that one of the reasons why Cool Water is such a huge success in terms of sales might be that most people out shopping for perfume, going through a lot of samples, will find this one very pleasing at the first sniff on a card. Not many of the multi-layered, "heavier" fragrances smells this inviting the first seconds; lavender and peppermint without the "booze".My problem with Cool Water is the fact that it is one of many one-dimensional smells, this one staying more or less flowery, with a touch of peppermint and wood in there, all the way. I don't think it's  a bad or "thirteen-on-the-dozen" smell, just a bit boring and really not my taste. What surprises me, though, is its longevity which I think is above normal for this kind of fragrance. I can see that women, especially the romantic type, will love this fragrance on a man. Right now when the first snow has fallen I'd rather give them Burberry London.
I was looking for something different, no Le Male at all, but began to test several fragrances at a local Belk.  I got to Le Male and thought.  It smelled like something I already have, Body Kuros.  I do not know if BK has been reformulated but my juice in over a decade or so old now.  So my nose, from both, gets a spicy sweetness.  It is ok, but not something I would want to wear. I only wear BK a couple times a year. I cannot speak for longevity but the initial power is strong. I do not like the sticky sweet of it but others may find this appealing.   
So I was out of my bottle which I got from my friends 11 years ago. So I purchased a 200 ML bottle for 60 euros. Bargain I thought for such an awesome smell, butt (yes, double T f....., thats how I felt)... WTF?!? Why the hell would you REFORMULATE YOUR BEST SELLING PERFUME JPG?!?! WHY?!?

Scent
Scent itself is a masterpiece, but this one smells less powdery than my previous bottle and more aqua...

8/10

Projection
Poor, ok projection for the first 90 minutes then it's bye bye kansas. My previous was a beast projection.

3/10

Longevity
Poor, getting max 5 hours. Used to get 15 hours of longevity. Stays over 24 hours on clothes though.

5/10

Versatile
Less suited for winter.

9/10

------
6.3 overall score

Neutral score cause of the scent and versatile score. I am so disappointed, not gonna buy this anymore. Well, atleast it was cheap, 100 ml for 30 euros. Poor projection and longevity and the whole world owns it now. There are better perfumes than this. 


Powdery,sweet,gives me a nausea's feeling ,,,,really synthetic probably nice at a distance..Think i prefer it on others as opposed to myself...
If you like this frag and wished it was on another level then go for Amouage Reflection man....Stunning,upperclass,totally well blended scent similar to le male but on another level totally and goes a different direction at points...but yes similar.
My nickname for this fragrance is "man in a can" because well, that's what the packaging is.

This is a good fragrance. The combination of mint, lavender, and vanilla has been duplicated many times, but this is still the original and best. However, at least where I live, men overspray this one quite frequently. One of my friends started wearing Le Male once, and he used so much that he could choke a small room.

So go ahead and wear Le Male - but please, don't overspray.
Le Male is one of my few blind buys, and I regret it. It is constructed around a minty lavender opening and heart, and a sweet base of vanilla, musk and amber. I get some faint spices and woods throughout its lifespan on skin, but the trinity of mint, lavender and vanilla dominates everything else. While it scores for being quite original in scope and execution, I don't personally find the overall scent to be very agreeable. Moreover it seems to diffuse this sophomoric vibe and I cannot take it seriously at all. After hearing about all the wonders, I find its performance on my skin to be pretty average. 

For some reason I feel this would smell better on a woman. But I'm not recommending it to anyone. 
sweet,fresh,sometimes annoying i'd say.Average longevity and projection for me
Cuba Gold has bad, tacky packaging. JPG took Cuba Gold, found even worse packaging, and raised the price from $3.99 to $64. Le Mâle is God's way of telling you have too much money.
Shalimar for Men. Then...... pleasant musk. 
A sweetish, very synthetic scent with a sweet minty start that becomes increasigky flowery -mainly lavender - to be completely dominated by vanilla in the drydown. Overloaded and unbalanced at times, it's main fortes is a splendid longevity of eight hours in cool weather. 
This is a very complex fragrance and it does involve into something interesting to say the least. I'll be honest and say it is semi pleasant but it is not my kind of scent and I wouldn't wear it in public. First initial impression is baby powder and vanilla.

Try it before you buy it.

This fragrance (Le Male) is in the same category as Chergui and Givenchy Pi: baby wipes.

When reviewing a fragrance, it is best to cast aside personal preference and try to rate the fragrance objectively. The cardamom, caraway, and cinnamon add depth and warmth, while the vanilla and tonka bean turn the whole thing into a delicious baked treat. I’m having a tough time picking up on the mint. The lavender adds a masculine nuance, but in the end it’s all about a baby’s rear end.

Here’s the breakdown:
Le Male: baby wipes + spices 3.5/5
Chergui: baby wipes + hay and tobacco 3/5
Pi: baby wipes + baby wipes + vanilla 2/5

Not a bad scent.  Just way to sweet for my meat!
it reminds me of the barber shop which i visited with my dad they used a powder which exactly smelled like this
This is a nice little fragrance, but sadly underwhelming. Top notes are cinnamon, cardamom, with a hint of lavender/ginger. Middle is clean linen. Once dry it is powdery vanilla. Not that the success of a fragrance should be measured by this, but I can't catch the scent 10 minutes after applying it. Occassionally, I will catch the faint vanilla. It wears close to the skin with absolutely no projection or sillage. Starts of well, but loses stamina and complexity almost immediately. I would not purchase this again. 
Good lavender note up front.  Interesting to combine it with pineapple -- not quite sure about that combination but it cashes in on the pineapple craze started by Creed Aventus. Sugary notes give a rather cookie/foody aspect which I am not really enamoured with. Fruity notes bubble in the background.  Bit of leather from the patchouli.  This is OK, but really not my style.  Gets quite buzzy in the dry down. 
Big lavender, more herbal than floral, with a strong dirty (like actual dirt on the ground, not anything animalic) aspect.  The pineapple is a clever sweetener, but kind of disappears on my skin, where Music For A While is reduced to just a ton of lavender and that's about it.  I know Frederick Malle and his perfumers put a lot of effort into creating best-in-class perfumes, so I've given Music a few tries, but I just don't get what the big deal is.  Perhaps they're using some sort of brand new captive lavender molecule that's a big deal in the trade but doesn't really translate to the consumer.

For a good straightforward modern lavender fougere, I'd suggest Lancome's Lavande Trianon, which plays its lavender against subtle cinnamon and chocolate to much better effect.
Sweet, fruity and fresh in the opening.  Later the drydown becomes powdery and heavy but still plenty of fruity-sweetness.  Projects really well, especially in the drydown. The whole drydown reminds me of 1 Million, for the heavy-sweetness mixed with the powderiness, plus this thing really performs like 1 Million. Not the same scent but that's just the feel this reminds me of.

This is truly unisex to the point that this smells like bath products or scented home products to me.  Not in a bad or artificial way but it just doesn't take a traditional gender path either way.

Not sure about the occasion but this seems like a cold-weather scent to me.

Big projection and lasts all day on my skin.


