London is one of my favorite formulations of the sweet tobacco fragrance.  With a sharp opening of citrus, cinnamon, and pepper, it is anchored by the tobacco, leather, and an indistinct sweetness, perhaps vanilla or the guaiac wood.   It sweetens and mellows in the dry down but maintains the same character (spicy, sweet tobacco) throughout its lifespan.

It is primarily a cold weather scent, but works well from day to night, given that it's not seductive enough to be for the night nor fresh enough to be for the day, strictly.  And while it is pungent, it's no so overpowering that it might not be able to work in the summer, but it's certainly more a mainstay in the winter.  Some reviewers offer that it reminds them of Christmas and winter holidays, and while it certainly works for special occasions, it's still quite versatile.

London has great projection and longevity (I get 8+ hours) for an EDT and is very affordable at under $30 for 50ml, slightly over $30 for 100ml.  This strikes me as a departure from most of Burberry's fragrances, of which I'm rarely a fan.

This needs to be tried by those who haven't, especially given how easy it is to own a bottle.

8 out of 10
Despite I highly respect their fashion side, I’ve never really been a fan of Burberry fragrances. London and Touch are basically the only ones I consider worth trying and/or having, and especially London. I am much of a fan of Antoine Maisondieu, and if you like him too, London is surely one not to miss. The notes may seem “conventional”, but the result is well distinctive and peculiar. It opens with a really nice and sophisticated sort of crisp, greenish, herbal tobacco accord rounded by a fantastic and really recognizable note of mimosa (that sort of warm “pollen” feel), and an equally unusual frame of notes ranging from slightly honeyed-fruity, to ambery (“ambroxan-ish”, actually), resinous-sweet and slightly floral, all topped with a sprinkle of spices; quite complex if you ask me, but it works just perfectly. Leather is listed, but you’ll have to dig for it, and it’s the usual sort of contemporary leather – subtle, clean, “polished” leather. Shortly it’s a sort of thin, quite discreet and really clean “contemporary herbal-Oriental” scent revolving around tobacco with a sprinkle of color around it - from greenish, to spicy, to that fruiy-resinous-floral stuff. It has a sort of  “niche” vibe, it smells creative and quite different from the usual mainstream paths, and the quality seems really good to my nose. The evolution is funny; the opening is quite bold and intriguing, then it looks like disappearing from your skin for a while, then it “arises” back again with a persistent and cozy drydown mostly comprising tobacco, leather and dusty-incense amber, still with a “manly” floral-honeyed nuance. Worth having for me; it isn’t a masterpiece but it smells good, classy, distinctive, rather “young” (in a positive meaning), much discreet but with a solid sillage, “contemporary” and with that sort of transparent, crisp cleanness that characterizes Maisondieu’s style. Well worth the cheap price.

7,5/10

This is the only Burberry I could wear thanks in part to Antoine Maisondieu. A great perfumer does a competent and memorable perfume for a less than average designer house. A bit thin and bare at times but you can see some great DNA and pre-structure elements in it from such other compositions as CdG's Black, Tom Ford's Velvet Orchid, and ELd'O's Vraie Blonde. The general public could do a LOT worse.
Burberry London is my go to office scent from November through February.   As others have stated, BL is an excellent choice for the Christmas holidays, but I wear it throughout the colder and rainy months in the southern United States.  I wouldn't consider it for a hot or summery day, simply because the scent does evoke a holiday or winter feel.

To me the scent seems very pine - herbal centric, with excellent longevity and mild projection.  I always get compliments and questions about my fragrance when I wear it and keep it in my rotation in the Fall-Winter season.
Light, warm, spicy scent...

Burberry London comes across as a light, spicy, oriental scent that if perfect for a gentleman. It has all the characteristics of a "serious" or refined masculine fragrance.

I like it. I also like that it's inspired by a city which I live in (London). Although I think this better represents someone's "idea" of London rather than the city itself. Like an old gentlemen's club. It's boozy, spicy, smoky etc. Like the classic Burberry winter coats, this feels like a cold weather, very English kind of scent.

It opens with a crisp, aromatic mix of port wine, cinnamon leaf and lavender. It's spicy and cooling at the same time, before an aromatic warmth starts to shine through. The guaiac wood makes an appearance and gives it a nice touch. I really like it. I think the leather and tobacco combination is what is special here... and it's what gives it the "old English gentlemen's club" vibe. I also think that this one is a great winter scent. Really great for Spring and Autumn too. I guess this could also be worn on summer nights, but never in the heat of day in my opinion. I think a lot of people would pick up on the autumnal vibe here in the sense that it smells like the trees and leaves smell when the weather starts to get cooler. This also reminds me of the smell of "mulled wine" around Christmas. With the herbs & spices and the boozy aroma. I think this would be great worn at that time. In terms of gender, although this is has a classic "gentleman" vibe, I suspect a daring type of woman could also wear this, and it's light enough not to offend anyone in any situation, as it's very warm and cosy (very lovable). It's an all round great choice for Spring, Autumn, and Winter. I recommend it mostly for those months.
Very nice.

On the opening there was some pine and almost like a mulled wine note, there's also some cherry coke in there too, together with a slight herbal tinge.

After drying down I have a very nice marzipan mixed with a little honey and the tiniest hint of cinnamon spiced apples.

Sillage is a little low, it's more of a skin scent, but it is great.

Perfect winter and christmas scent.
While I do think this one can stand on its own as simply a very nice fragrance in general, it really does live up to its common "Christmas In A Bottle" nickname/description.  So fitting for that season, yet so much more dignified than the themed necktie.  I have to admit, while I find myself wanting to wear it, I almost feel like I'm jumping to gun to put it on too early before the Christmas season - like when the Christmas marketing starts around Halloween or Thanksgiving and people (rightly so) shake their heads, that's the hesitation I feel with this one, though I should offer that I think that's just me and something in my head.

I'd just like to add, for anyone who had sensitivity to pine needles....  I've always found that being around pine trees tends to give me headaches and sometimes makes me sneeze.  I have yet to experience that aversion to a pine note in a fragrance/cologne.  So for anyone with similar sensitivities who might therefore be inclined to dismiss any fragrance with a pine note, I'd offer that they're actually among my favorites despite my sensitivity to real pine, I experience no aversion, and I'd humbly recommend that while caution makes sense, by all means go to a store and at least give it a sniff on a piece of paper.  You may find that, like myself, you were unnecessarily depriving yourself of some fragrances that you'll really enjoy.
What would I do without London in autumn/winter/christmas time? Honestly, I don't know any fragrance that conveys the feeling of cold and wet weather better than this one. I would never wear this in spring and summer. It's a winter scent, maybe the best. Even though it's quite cheap, nobody seems to wear this - at least not in my area. 

It has a sexy and elegant vibe to it, smells like a combo of cherries, pine and leather. Most women absolutely adore it but it's true for what has been mentioned - longevity is rather average, sillage terrible. I sticks 4-5 hours on my skin (which is ok) but after ~30mins, it doesn't really project farther than 20cm from my body (I carry a small sample of it with me most of the time). But those first 30 minutes are so awesome, I just have to like it. Wonderful scent!
Fabulous tobacco and spices fragrance.  In the top 5 of spicy fragrances in the world.
This scent makes u feel like ur walking thru a pine forest... the opening is green and very fresh. It is perfect for spring/summer and is a nice work scent.

Pros: Opening is fresh and not too herbal/grassy

Cons: Longevity. IMHO, I don't get to smell the heart and dry down of this fragrance. It sits too close to my skin and goes un-noticed after the 2 hr mark.
I am taking advantage of the South Florida winter to wear Burberry London. This fragrance is one of my top favorites. It is sophisticated and elegant. The tobacco and lavender notes are exquisite. I put it on in the morning and in the evening I can still smell it. I get lots of compliments when I wear Burberry London.    
Add me to the list of people who say that reminds them of the Thanksgiving/Christmas holidays. This is nearly a signature for me November 1 - December 31/January 1. I honestly wouldn't want to wear it any other time of year.

Unfortunately, I have to agree with everyone regarding the longevity and projection. It's decent for the first half an hour to an hour, but after that it seems to start losing its luster fairly quickly. Can't even detect it after 3 hours unless I sniff my shirt. Maybe others can smell it more on me after that, but I can't. That's a disappointment, but given how wonderful it smells, especially for the purposes I use it for, and how cheaply it can be bought through Fragrancenet the longevity and projection issues are an annoyance I can tolerate.

Tentative thumbs up.
London in December.  That is exactly what this smells like.  Spicy and fruity with some leather to back it all up. Smells wonderful... for about a full 2 hours.  If London lasted longer it would probably be my #2 cologne, however its relegated to certain occasions only because it simply can't be an everyday scent unless you have a 2 gallon jug of the stuff.  
Burberry LondonI have been wearing this cologne for more than a year now maybe 3 times a week. I spray it once on my wrists and spread it around my neck which helps the projection and longevity as opposed to when any cologne is sprayed on clothing. In my opinion, it is a very "loud" scent at the opening so I spray it about half an hour before going out because I fear it may be obnoxious for some people. That being said, I have gotten many compliments and the word that is most used to describe it is spicy. I prefer to wear scents to where people can smell them while being a two feet away from me.I don't want to go into the individual notes because that information is already available. For me, Burberry London gives me exactly what I want. The spiciness catches peoples attention and the projection simmers down to a point where I can be confident that the fragrance isn't disturbing everyone around me.If you want everyone to notice how good you smell, you're going to have to spray it within 10 minutes of seeing your target audience. If you want to wear a good cologne that you can call you own, gives you confidence, and isn't too invasive on the nostrils, Burberry London is a good choice.Pros: Makes a statementCons: May be too strong for some people"
review by stefly321	Bought this as a blind buy and agree that it does have a pipe tobacco and wine sort of smell. Would be best used in colder months. After the drydown it is quite pleasant and longevity is pretty good. 
I'm not really sure what to think about all the longevity and projection issues.

For me, it last just as long as other fragrances and I get wiffs of it throughout the day, so I think the projection and longevity is as good as any other fragrance if not better.

as far as the scent goes. Very unique, awesome cold weather fragrance. Only issue is that its probably not the best thing to wear in warm climates but I absolutely love the scent.


I really like this one.  It smells like Christmas...Evergreen tree, spices, There is no pine listed but it does smell like it.  Trouble is, like others have noted, there is little longevity.
Burberry London immediately grabs you with its combination of sweet port wine, cinnamon and nutmeg spice, and its starring dark guaiac wood and tobacco duo that is quite sweet and moist like the tobacco came out of a newly unsealed pipe tobacco pouch and placed in a fine pipe.  Projection is average and longevity above average. 

While Burberry London for Men's composition is quite sound and is often associated with the smells one encounters on Christmas Day, I find it has been outdone by niche scents like Clive Christian X for Men (albeit at a much, much higher cost) and reasonably priced high-end designer scents like Ropion's great Costume National Homme.  The bottom line is Burberry London for Men is a great value and well-deserving of its "very good" 3.5 star out of 5 rating, but its limited usefulness coupled with other more versatile spicy scents surpassing it has led to it finally being jettisoned from my collection. It's cheap quality sprayer breaking today despite many years of non or one day use must be a sign it is time to move on...
The overall scent makes up for the spotty projection and longevity.  I occasionally get a great wearing from this fragrance, but more times than not I need to apply more within a short time span.  The scent is very unique and fantastic in my opinion.  The tobacco leaf note is the note that stands out for this fragrance.  It's almost like a fruity tobacco scent that is great for the winter.

8.8/10

If a very nice smelling fall potpourri packet married with a tobacco infused cologne you'd have something much like Burberry London. This is neither bash nor compliment. But all in all, I enjoy Burberry London and reach for it far more than I am capable of justifying in words.

Despite smelling of dark and rich spice, this is a rather light scent. Too light really. I find myself wishing it were stronger and my body heat does little to boost the projection. Spray too much and the composition tends to become muddled and unpleasant.

More sensual than sexual, London is reassuring and comforting in nature much like pulling a warm blanket over you in the cold. Absolutely I get the holiday vibe. Cinnamon appears the only culinary note. Despite this I always imagine the odor of confections baking in the kitchen as is often the case on Thanksgiving or Christmas with a hint of the decorated evergreen standing in the living room. Lends itself quite well for casual or office use in fall/winter/spring.

The scent doesn't develop a great deal on my skin throughout its life with the tobacco note coming more and more to the foreground as the other notes die down. From what I've come to understand regarding the scent profile of opponax and having experienced the odor of mimosa blossom, there is a honeyed nature to the fragrance as well. Somewhat vegetal even. I have a hard time putting a finger on any definitive expression of leather within the composition.

I wouldn't imagine I'd ever want to smell like a potpourri air freshener nor baked pies but London earned a place in my heart right away. All the same I reach for it often simply so that I might have the pleasure of relaxing with it on me.

Thumbs up.
up their with gucci pour homme and d&g as far as the best cold weather scents. also dior intense. very smoky and woody. great atributes that lead to the longevity and brilliance of london. projects great and sillage is unimaginable. great also if you are a smoker. top notch stuff from burberry..
Burberry London is an excellent boozy, fruity, spicy fragrance that conjures fall and winter in my mind.  A walk down a city street with leaves drifting to the ground, snow flakes emerging from where it is they hide, stepping into a home with a fire in the hearth. This is one of those fragrances that is Proustian.  Evocative.  I highly recommend it.  It lasts about six hours on my skin, longer in my mind.
Darn good juice.  Tobacco, leather and spices. I envision the most interesting man in the world in a hot tub in Aspen surrounded by tan vixens.  I feel like I should be smoking pheasant in a log cabin when I wear this, but could just as well be sipping champagne on a date outside in the chill air.  The longevity is excellent. I still had this on my clothes 24 hours later.  The projection is pretty darn good.  Love it!
This is the perfect fragrance for damp autumn days - I dont know why but it's specifically wet days rather than cold days that it seems to suit so well - as soon as you put it on you think cherry pipe tobacco,a glass of mulled wine, barbour jackets and walks through pine woods to the pub! 

There is one big problem with this scent though - the longevity is pretty awful, I get a couple of hours maximum which is a shame, and there is no projection at all.
A wonderfully rich and warm traditional men's fragrance (that drives me pleasantly insane)!

Think horseback riding; think a den with lovely old books and the smell of fine cigar.

With the smooth buttery leather and tobacco wafts of London I envision curling up with a partner in a log cabin in front of a fire. I find it very comforting, warm, and sensual. 

This is a classically masculine scent helped by body heat -- the kind of scent I want to nuzzle into on my partner (or wear myself to bring back the memories). 

This is a winter scent for sure, more deep, base, buttery and smooth than Burberry Brit (which I find brighter, spicier, and also adore). 

For me the leather, tobacco, and pepper predominate and that's why I like it so much, although I do find this somewhat complex with the other lighter notes keeping my nose entertained, revitalized and coming back for more. 

It's a traditional kind of sexy that I envision on men looking to be distinguished and worldly (think Tom Selleck, think 'The Most Interesting Man in the World" campaigns) that I think could be worn by both younger or older men, just with the right attitude. 

If you want to make a nouveau art/design scent statement, this is likely not the one.

On me this scent has fine projection and longevity, and I find it so wonderful, that even if it didn't, frankly, I wouldn't care. I would just keep buying more.  

A vehement thumbs up from me!
Perfect frag fragrance for fall.  when I smell this I think of cool/cold damp foggy weather with leaves on the ground, or a thanksgiving day walking through the woods.  Very nice and unique.
unexpensive like all Burberry scents but a small masterpiece with a pleasant drydown that will follow you with the Ladies right down in the groove...
I've had a brief amount of time to sample this one.  Overall, it stands out from many other fragrances and seems very good for the winter.  I would probably give this one at least a 7 or maybe an 8 out of 10.
Great frag!  CRAPPY longevity....  If it lated more than 3 hrs it would rock!  I think then it turns into only a weak leather scent.  On the upside, it is a leather scent to die for.  The leather stays super close to the skin for maybe 1 more hour.  Best if sprayed onto clothes for me.  I can smell it the next day.  I wish I could get a scent of just that leather with a touch of the other notes.  My God!  Burberry make an intense!
London is a spicy, fresh, piney tobacco.  The port wine and cinnamon are fairly clear as well.  But regardless of the notes that may or may not be easily identified by me or anyone that happens to be wearing this fragrance, one thing seems to be clear: This smells of Christmas.  Now I know that's hard to explain, but from my point of view it just reminds me of the family Christmas party.  Spray it on a Christmas card and BOOM, the recipient has that much more holiday spirit.  

I think it could match the Thanksgiving party too.

Whatever, this is a warming fragrance that's perfect cold weather.  Wear it from November to March, unless Spring comes early.
One of my favourite fall/winter scents. The opening is pretty much spice, cinnamon is the big stand out to me. Then it mellows out into a more pine like scent while still retaining that intial spiciness. Some have reviewed it as "Christmas in a bottle". I would tend to agree with them.

Only downside is longevity. This begins to sit very close to the skin after 4 hours for me. Having said that, it isn't an overly pricey fragrance. I will aim to have this in my regular cold weather fragrance rotation.
Burberry London is a very mild fragrance, but the smells are very strong to the nose. Its definately a warmer scent, meant for cold weather. However, its alright during the Fall too.

The top notes are somewhat repulsive to me. If i were to smell the bottle directly, I would find the notes very strong; too strong. However, it's the middle and base notes that make this fragrance. However, some girls find the top notes nice, so maybe its just me.

The base (and middle) notes are the heart of this fragrance is in the base notes. The oriental spice is very captivating. Its warm, best suited for winter. But there's an inconsistency. Sometimes, you smell it, and it seems like its weak; then it almost seems to come back stronger after a few minutes. The projection is a little above average, and longevity is average, 6 or so hours.

I wouldn't recommend this for an beginner fragrance; but if you want to try something new, bold, warm, (and reminds you of christmas), then get this. Its definately on my TRY list, but not for a beginner.
Pines, bergamot and peppers done well! The initial impression gives off a lot of pine.
It's tamed after the 1st 10 minutes and u get this pleasing festive scent. It's a good signature scent. i see it doing well in all seasons other than summer! Very difficult to offend anybody with this one! 
It's to bad it does'nt last long because it's an amazing fragrance. The cinnamon and other spices make this an amazing scent that is my go-to fragrance for fall/winter.
Burberry London for Men by Burberry - Initially, one senses a fresh vibe from the lavender tempered by the bergamot; but this yields quickly to the cinnamon leaves and a dash of black pepper, conjuring up a pleasant, muted, spicy cinnamon note. Off in the distance, one perceives leather pulling this opening to its middle, where the leather becomes resplendent with a floral fruitiness from the mimosa flower and sweet fruitiness from the port wine. This festive heart meanders to the lovely base. This comforting base has a delectable tobacco vibe furnished by tobacco leaf, and an evocative woodiness from the melange of smooth guaiac wood, earthy oakmoss and nutty opoponax. This nicely blended composition cries out for the cold so it may manifest all its glory. The letdown is this well made fragrance only has average longevity and projection.
on my skin i get cinnamon,peppery,leathery goodness with this one ...wouldnt wear when its not cold out tho perfect for fall/winter etc. 
Happy Christmas folks!
Reminds me of fall. when the sky is cloudy. You're walking in a big jungle with so many pine trees in it! The rain starts and great pine tree's scent …..
Very natural scent that take me out of this world!
I only wear this fragrance when I'm alone at home and want to enjoy a magical fragrance! 
The only problem with this fragrance is it's projection and longevity.
Last for only one hour on my skin but this is a special hour in my day!
Well done Burberry.
Lovely stuff. One of the most pleasantly smelling fragrances I've smelled.
Had heard rave reviews about it.This was a blind buy and boy...I am glad I bought it.I love this edt.There is something special about this perfume which guarantees positive remarks from this scent.Port wine,tobacco,mimosa flower,bergamot and leather are the prominent scents which comes out of this wonderful fragrance.Tobacco on the dry down is icing on the cake.This is a refined fragrance which is best suited for formal evenings and a romantic date.Guys expecting on your face,straight fresh aquatic notes may be disappointed.This is a spicy oriental fragrance for people who want to feel confident and sophisticated.You are assured of getting positive comments from the opposite sex.
Another point which goes in its favor is that its a very safe buy.Not many people will hate it bcoz its a very pleasant scent.
Try visualizing Sean Connery,Pierce Brosnan,George Clooney or Brad Pitt wearing this fragrance.Thats what we are talking about.Pure sophistication.
My all time favorite fragrance.Hands down.
I own London, Brit, and the Beat. Of the 3, London is by far my favorite. Burberry is very good at making all their colognes different from each other. London reminds me of the holidays. A lot of people say that it smells like Christmas and I agree. It would be perfect to wear on a cold winter day with a button up shirt underneath a warm jacket, walking through a snow covered park. The projection stays pretty close to the skin and longevity is around 5-6 hours. It smells mature and classy. It almost exudes elegance. This is a good casual wear and date scent best reserved for winter/fall. I couldn't imagine sporting this cologne while walking down the Waikiki stip wearing shorts, a t-shirt, and sandals...that's what Acqua Di Gio is for ;)

Great scent!

Ideal for fall or winter but to be honest this fragrance may actually smell good on certain people no matter what the climate! My professor was wearing this in 90deg heat and it somehow worked!

Definately in my top 3 of scents. Perfect for cooler weather. Highly recommended if you're tired of the typical leather scents or gourmands that tend to dominate the senses once the cold weather hits.


Burberry London, as with all my purchases was a blind buy. I guess I just like the excitement of not knowing what I'm going to get. Then, that initial first sniff, that warrants a scent a worthy place on my shelf or thrown in the drawer for "dire emergencies".

This one, this one was a winner for sure, right from the get-go! I've never been as initially happy with any aftershave. And I don't buy aftershaves based on what notes I like, I don't break the scent down noticing the aroma and texture and other such stuff. I am, in short not a connoisseur. I just sniff it, and if it smells good I stick with it. 
But this I'm sure, would please just about anyone. Right from the average joe's all through to the real aficionados.

The name "Burberry" I must say did put me off until I read some reviews which put my mind at ease. I was expecting some, lager soaked, cigarette strewn council house with some Lynx thrown in to cover up, kinda smell. "London" put me off also, I'm a countryside boy. Not big into these hustling bustling cities.
Thankfully my assumption couldn't have been more wrong! 
It's a comforting, warm, cosy type smell. In a word "Cuddly". Especially fit for the colder months when you and a lady friend are getting settled down in front of the fire, with a cup of hot chocolate, while it rains outside.
This in my book is what aftershave's are all about. Yea, you smell good. But it's one of those that can quite easily create and capture a moment/period in your life. 
Something you can revisit years later and it'll take you straight back. After all, the sense of smell is the sense most closely linked to memory.
Top 5 without doubt!
I was eager to test Burberry London for Men as a potential purchase for my boyfriend, who is a rather heavy smoker. Unfortunately this fragrance didn't suit him, however I am quite captivated by the scent.

Burberry London smells like the ideal man to me. Masculine, strong, fierce and sophisticated. 

This fragrance is certainly spicy, but not in a nose-burning, Indian cuisine type sense. It's more peppery and herbaceous. 

In the opening, the violet leaf, lavendar and bergamot create a somewhat soothing and aromatic quality, however the pepper note insists on making this fragrance masculine and strong. 

The introduction of mimose in the heart is actually really unique in the way that it adds a little sweetness along with the smooth yet sexual scent of leather. Despite the sweetness, Burberry London has rugged appeal.

Although I am not a smoker myself, the scent of tobacco puts me at ease. I love the way my boyfriend smells; like smokey tobacco, mint-flavoured chewing gum, musty clothes and fruit-scented hair gel. The drydown in a way reminds me of him. It has a very smokey, musty and woodsy quality that I wouldn't mind wearing myself.

With that being said, although Burberry London is essentially a very masculine fragrance, a woman could perhaps succeed in wearing it. It would take the right kind of woman however.


Dip mild tobacco leaves in vanilla and cinnamon, store them in an aromatic cedar chest, and you've got Burberry London.  I find it works best as a "surface spray," arms, neck, etc.  As a chest spray, it gets a bit sickly sweet on me over time.  Still, it's beautiful stuff. 
Simply awesome.

Incredibly great scent, but with median sillage and longevity.

But it's still strong in my all time top 10 
From the first sniff, I was infatuated with this fragrance.  When I spray it on my neck, I find myself trying to turn my head quickly so it wafts up my nose.  

The port wine in this is refined and rich, and the tobacco is dark.  When I wear this on a cold night, it heightens my experience, like lighting a fire in the fireplace or wearing a warm trenchcoat.  

The only problem with this fragrance is that it doesn't last long, though my girlfriend can still smell it on me when I no longer can.  

Definitely in my winter/autumn rotation.
Didn't care for this when I did my first review on this. After owning a bottle I can see why so many members recommend this. One of the few fragrances that less experienced noses can enjoy along with the more critical noses. It does have a downside which is longevity and this is really something that Burberry dropped the ball on. An extreme or intense version would put this in holy grail territory for many a fragrance lover.
Really, really enjoying this right now. Were it not for its longevity (which is substandard, even by popular designer standards), this would be a 5 star scent in my book. Recommended try at the least.
Burberry London is currently my no.1 favorite, so far the only fragrance that has no fault to my nose, the only weakness is longevity, but that's okay, just wish it stays longer on my skin. Granted that I'm new at fragrance, and the number of fragrances I've tried are far too small for afficionados here, but I can smell quality when I sniff it. 
Masculine, sophisticated, mature and calm, the other frag with this impression that I can think of is John Varvatos, which I also love, but its much more meak down in the progression, and while longevity wise it's about the same, the dry down is all sweet vanilla on me, so I was very disappointed every time the basenotes starts to fade. 
Burberry London really is the opposite, the progression from the first top notes (which to my newbie nose keep smells like avocado) really takes you on a journey, just enough sweetness, complexity and balance, to a satisfying end on a very cozy place. Every time I try to imagine what the smell makes me think of, I keep seeing myself being out at night with friends in a small, smoky, crowded yet very cozy friendly bar with the list of music such as coltrane, duke ellington & johnny hartman playing and you keep enjoying yourself until you realize its 1.30 past midnight and it would be disappointing to end this soon but it's okay, you had a great time. 
After some time, i find myself wishing the top notes and base notes are switched. Then i would give this fragrance a near perfect rating, 9 out of 10! For now, it just has to be satisfied with 8/10.
Definitely will keep this in my wardrobe until I get tired of it in the next 10 years.
all i can say is i love this stuff
i get the toBacco note, it's more sweet in the Basenotes

the viBe i get with this it is very warm
for some reason i dont know why, it reminds me of a sweet sparkling BuBly capuccino
i don't drink coffe , But that's the vyBe i get
it's elegant at the same time.

one stripper once stopped me to ask what i was wearing
and she kept complimenting me on how good i smell

this fragrance makes you imagine aBout a day at home
with the family
at the kitchen they making cookies
everyBody drinking hot chocolate, surrounding a Blaze.

i see in the piramid that this fragrance doesnt contain those notes (chocolate, coffe)
But im just telling you how i get this 
Burberry London is a woody, spicy, oriental fragrance that has an outstanding reputation. It also is on the cheap side, which is nice. The note lineup is very nice and extremely unique. I mean Cinnamon, port wine, leather, and tobacco, I can not say that I have seen notes like that in any other fragrance. It really comes off as a very spicy top, with a floral aspect, given from the lavender, and a tiny hint of citrus. As it dries down, it becomes even darker, and much more woody. The port wine, tobacco, and leather come into play. They give Burberry London that boozy, intoxicating feel that it is known for. This is a perfect fragrance for the winter and fall, and it would be hard to find a better fragrance for the holidays. It is pretty masculine and mot certainly very unique. Longevity can at times be spotty, but I usually get 5-8 hours when I wear this fragrance.  This is for sure an amazing complement getter as well. Overall, Burberry London is by far one of the most unique and interesting fragrances that I have ever encountered. The notes help to make this one extraordinary along with the unmistakable bottle. For any one looking for a woody, spicy, oriental fragrance to us during the fall and winter, I would strongly recommend Burberry London.           
I love it.  Imagine chewing on a leather jacket covered in cinnamon and sugar... well it wouldn't taste so great but it sure does smell awesome.  The leather smell combines with some other ingredients that are less apparent to have a base smell thats manly and thick, and the top smell is that spicy sweet thing... so its like you're tough but also edible at the same time.  Totally rad combo.


Just Wonderful!
I love this.  It's so... delicious! (haha don't really know my stuff)

For sure one of my faves.
great scent as we all know and one of the safest out there. not offensive to the nose even though it is full of spice and you cant go wrong with it. I bought it blind and am happy I did.  only problem is on my skin it doesnt project that well or last very long, maybe 4-6 hours. I still give it a thumbs up due to the smell and its relatively cheap so reapply isnt that big of a deal
I got this cologne a few weeks ago.  I sprayed a sample on my arm from Perfumania, and then walked out.  The initial smell was very weird.  So I started walking around the mall for about 30 min.  I was hungry, so I decided to get a grab to eat at the food court.  While eating my Panda Express (Orange Chicken, Kung Pao Chicken and Fried Rice) I took a sniffed on my arm, and I was like wow! this is a great cologne.  It's very unique.  Sweet, spicy, and very unique.  I know this cologne has been out for a while, but the plaided bottle is not very attracted, so I never tried it out.  After my lunch at Panda Express, I walked back to Perfumania, and I said can i get a bottle of the Burberry London?  The cute sales lady asked me which size I want?  I was like, I'll take the biggest size you got there please babe.  She was llike nice choice...good news for you too..you get 30% off this cologne...so I paid for the Burberry London and told her thank you and happy holidays...Overall I give this cologne a 2 thumbs up! and would have to say this is my favorite cold weather cologne. 
Burberry London is a simple square bottle with a plaid “cover” on it. It’s a different design, and fits into the Burberry line. Overall this is a great mature scent with a ton of spice throughout the fragrance. It starts out with a lavender/bergamot opening. This goes away rather quickly and the rest of the scent is spicy note. The cinnamon note really comes out and mixes slightly with a note of leather and port wine. It overall has a classic winter/holiday scent to it. For me it takes me directly to Christmas, snow, fresh cut Christmas trees etc. Burberry London screams festive!

The issue that I had with this fragrance is that it just wasn’t consistent. Some days it lasted 2 hours and then it was just totally gone. The next day it would last 6-8 hours with really no reason at all. The projection on this for the first few hours was great, and then after the initial drydown (2-4 hours) it gets close to the skin. For me Burberry London is a perfect evening wear scent, but I could see it being worn during a winter day. I think this is the perfect fragrance for those December activities either in or outdoors. This is a spicy fragrance, and I’d mainly suggest it to the 20+ crowd. I think it’s perfect for 25+ but it can be pulled off by younger folks. Again I see this as a date/evening fragrance. I wouldn’t use this at a party, but more an intimidate setting.

BURBERRY LONDON = TRY

If you’re looking for a fragrance to be worn in December, then this is perfect. It really depends on your motives. If you’re a one/two bottle of cologne type of person, then I’d say just get a sample of this. It simply isn’t versatile enough to be purchased for those folks. However, if you’re a person that has 5+ bottles for different occasions, then I think this is a buy. It just can’t be beat for the winter evenings and in those intimate settings.
Scent strength: moderate
Recommended age: mature
Scent life: 2-10 hours
Recommended use: casual/evening
Classification: oriental/spicy
Price: $$

<a href="http://www.thecolognereview.com/">Cologne Review</a>
What an evergreen this already is, and I am not refering to the notes. The colour of Burberry London to me would rather be a very deep maroon. It holds all of the qualities I am looking for in a man's fragrance, and it has it's very own distinctive style that, in my mind, makes it incomparable to other scents.It is just remakable how complex and yet extremely well balanced Burberry London is. From the well pronounced cinnamon and the black pepper, soon balanced with the lavender, in the opening, through the tobacco and leather, to the beautiful clean, almost soapy drydown with the cinnamon still shining through.Longevity-wise people have complemented my smell long after I thought it had faded away. And lately I have tested this by spraying my wrist in the afternoon and still have smelled it the next morning. Some fragrances do tend to make the wearer "immune" to the scent after a while.I never thought I was going to say this about a Burberry-scent, but Burberry London is one of my all-time favourite fragrances. And did I mention the versatility?
This one definitely grew on me.  I was initially repulsed by its woody, boozy feel but I eventually got to love the cozy vibe it gives.  Not much else smells like this, and it gets compliments like crazy.  Hands down the perfect Fall fragrance.  
A true Classic !!! This scent to me smells like a brilliant blend of Pine and Cherry if they were to clash... A classic scent that I would love to wear but right now I feel its to mature for me... Prolly my 2nd favorite scent though next to L'eau D'Issey !!!Rating: ranging from 1-10 Smell: 9.25 Projection:10 This has perfect projection for the first 2 hours not too overpowering but you deffinitly get a smell of someone wearing this when there near) but then dies down and stays close to the skin after the 2 hour periodLongevity: 6.5 ( I get anywhere from 2-6 hours with this) so time varies a lot and is unpredictable Overall Rating:8.75 (I really want to give this a solid 9 but since the longevity is so sketchy I have to give it an 8.75)Age Range:25-60Best Seasons to use in: The perfect fragrance for fall and winter Best uses: I see this as a good going out fragrance, but can also be used for intimate settings and formal occasions such as church,dates, and formal dinners
Someone asked me the other day if I could chose the smell of my sweat, what would it be. Two words: BURBERRY LONDONThis is a bottle size version of a: dimly lit room, walls covered with dark paint and shelves of classic books. Stained wooden floors, every item of furniture is leather, and there's a cigar case sitting next to a bottle of scotch atop the wine shelf.Burberry London oozes class and style, simply brilliant. And no it doesn't smell like an old man or his wife's spice cabinet. It is an intoxicating warm/mysterious scent. Its not a BAM in your face, here's what I smell like type of cologne. No, It welcomes you in and takes you on a tour. It is a symphony! The Cinnamon and Lavender balance each other out to put out sweet calling card. The Citrus and Black Pepper meld together with the Port Wine and Leather to create a warm, rich syrup. And lastly the Tobacco (not a smoke, but a leaf smell) and Woods are the raised stage that all the scents are set upon. All the world's a stage and this is your soap box that will get you noticed.
Bought this blind based on the many good reviews and i am not at all disappointed. Knew this was a Fall fragrance that is spicy and rich. I had imagined it would smell a bit like burning leaves or Halloween, however it turns out to be more of a Christmas smell. Imagine a pine tree with some nice spices like nutmeg and cinnamon. Very deep and soothing scent. Definitely try this one out. I would think people would either love it or hate it. I personally love it. Enjoy :)

This is one of the sexiest fragrances that I own, and it is also my most complemented fragrance. A lot of people have longevity and sillage problems with this, but I don't know why. I go one spray on the neck, one on each wrist and I am getting complements about it 8-10 hours later. For example. I'll leave with a group of buds at 6PM to go for supper and clubbing. By after supper I'm just getting into the heart notes, I really get the port wine on my skin but at the same time I can still smell the lavender and cinnamon. Around 2 o clock, girls are still smelling me, especially the tobacco drydown and I'm taking them home. This thing is the best wingman you'll ever have, dont just take my word. Go try it.
I love Burberry London. It makes me think of James Bond. It just screams romance and sexiness. The longevity isn't all that great but frankly that works pretty well since I don't think I've ever put this on before 7 PM. It is a night-time fragrance only. It definitely strikes me as the most complex fragrance with the least amount of change while you're wearing it. It manages to hang on to the same spicy/floral/leather+tobacco scents in the same proportion for hours without ever devolving into some boring one-note drydown. I also like spraying this on my pillows before going to bed. 
I like the spices and the port wine note in Burberry London.  For me, it's a good all round fragrance that's suitable for both casual wear or office attire.  Good stuff.
One of my BEST evening scents. Absolutely perfect for cold nights and romantic dates.
I confess, I am a bit of a niche perfume snot. I tend not to give highly commercial fragrances much of a chance for fear of being doused by a counter attendant in headache-inducing, 90%-diesel-fuel EDT's that reek mostly of expensive and clueless desperation . . . BUT . . . I was so pleasantly surprised by Burberry London.It's a laced-up fragrance with a sophisticated and contemporary twist. Right out of the bottle you get a really soft green bergamot and a sagey-dry lavender, soft powdered leather, like Victorian frangiapanni gloves, but with a lot of elegant structure from the sweet tobacco and oakmoss on the bottom. I absolutely love the wonderful solar tobacco accord in this scent which stays on loud and proud through the dry down-- all 6 or so hours of it. It is so warm and bronzed that it almost reads as black tea. The silage is good but not amazing-- not a problem for me since I like to wear scent that stays close to the skin, and I find London to be one of those scents that you wouldn't want to catch wind of unless you were close enough to be dancing, it really requires that underlying warmth of human skin to come off at its best.My skin tends to sweeten scents that are a bit more masculine, and this scent could be very masculine on some, but I am a woman (who loves ballsy leathery scents and unisex chypres) and I feel very confident wearing this scent out in a elegant vintage 30's dress. It's intellectual but just dissident enough to be both serious and a bit iconoclastic. Some have raved about the port wine note, but it's truly not very prominent on me-- it is not the least bit boozy. I would mention, too that while it seems at first to be a cool-weather favorite, the woody tobacco and mimosa in the drydown actually make it comfortable for warmer weather, it has a bit of a sun-baked dried-hayfield in it, especially when you're warm yourself. 
No matter how many times I've worn it, it keeps me intrigued.  I can't stop smelling myself.  Perfect warmth, perfect spice, perfect mystery.  I love it.  I wouldn't change anything about it.  It opens up sweet and spicy from the port wine and cinnamon, and is warmed instantaneously by the leather and tobacco.  Not a cigarette smoke type, but a really rich unlit pipe tobacco.  
Most of Burberry's fragrances are dull as dry toast, so I expected to hate this. So what a nice surprise it was for me to instead find a rather bold, peppery tobacco and leather scent that gives off an olfactory illusion of being a sweet patchouli scent. I think the combination of the port wine, pepper and tobacco give that illusion of this having a ton of patchouli in it.  Buberry London gets better over time, and in fact smells even spicier and drier as it evolves, but it always maintains its slight sweetness, probably from the leather and port wine, and it never spins out of control into a syrupy or spicy mess. No longevity problems for me either with this. This is an excellent fragrance.My rating: 8/10
excellent scent for night and romantic occasions.......its definately very hip and sexy with a nice edge to it and the drydown is amazing
Nice gingerbread smelling type cologne but at the same time you can smell the port wine,  leather and tobacco making it very mature. I see this as a dress shirt and slacks fragrance. LOVE IT.
Lavender and violet leaves strike my nose instantly every time I press the spray. Very pleasant, sweet and spicy at the same time but not cloying at all ☻This is one of the most elegant woody fragrance I ever smelt ☻IMHO, formal dress goes pretty well with this fragrance as it has a maturity into it. Burberry London is a pretty unique scent in my cllection.Longevity is minimum of 6 hours on my skin. Sillage is rather decent. Tobacco leave and oak moss drydown is fascinating to my nose.☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻Wonderful British gentlemen scent☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻ 
Owned it. Loved it. Returned it. Intoxicating scent. Smells like wine, with just the right amount of leather. Rich aroma. No matter how old you are, makes you smell "more mature than your years". Smells intellectual, mature, confident, self-assured. Too bold, too loud for my lifestyle, for my "target audience". A twenty-something wearing this in public, even on a night-out, will attract A LOT of attention. 
The ultimate cold weather scent. Smells mostly of cinnamon. Is very unique and inviting. It doesn't last very long but projects well. I've prolly recieved more compliments from wearing this scent than any other. You will never tire of smelling this amazing scent.
Awesome fragrance. Too bad it has very very poor longevity (4-5 hours). Hey, that's life.
I love the smell of Burberry London, absolutely one of my favorites.The only downside is that the longevity is too short on my skin. 
Top notes can be a little bit intimidating for someone afraid of smelling like your grandfather.. reminds me of the original green polo for some reason.  After a while it soothes down to a sophisticated, earthy but sweet scent that I find to be more for personal enjoyment than to be making any kind of statement.  it does set the mood for christmas..its nice, you owe it to yourself to try it on your wrist at least once in the winter. alright longevity medium to poor sillage.
I really like this fragrance a LOT. I was never interested in Burberry fragrances but after reading so many great reviews I decided to buy a bottle.The fragrance is very well crafted but it does not last very long on me and that is a problem. For some reason this juice makes me think of Christmas I can almost "see" the Christmas light and trees. I love the sweet tobacco notes, very well executed, it is mildly boozy as well. I also get a tender vanilla note that plays in the background but since there is no vanilla it must be the lavender/cinnamon combined. This one is a winner in my book. Well done Burberry!
For me this is a peppery, bergamot, lavender and leather potion, that is better out of the bottle and on your skin.  The dry down is nice and warm.  It is a typical quality frag from Burberry.  It may be a little to much black pepper for some, but that note retreats after an hour or so of wearing and the lavender and leather kick in. It is a 'pepe' style EDT that I recommend for the twenty+ crowd, and for evening events.  
Just a wonderful fragrance. At first I wasn't won over by the almost cherry-like port note that permeates throughout the progression, but i've grown to love it from start to finish. The dry down is one of the best i've experienced at my current early stage in fragrance discovery. You get the smoke and wood, with that port juuuust peeping in to lift the whole thing. The port note is somewhat cloying, but definitely in a good way, as it helps balance the notes in the dry down. Definitely a cold wintery scent. It paints a picture of sitting by the fireplace eating Christmas pudding while the grown ups are in the background drinking wine after the big Christmas dinner. In terms of longevity and sillage, they're not terrible, but they're not exactly great either. Now sillage is probably a 5/10. You'd probably have to stand like a foot away (if that) to notice it. The longevity (on my skin at least) is rather strange. While the main body of the scent lasts around 5-6 hours for me, i'll easily be able to pick up at the very least a tiny bit of the tobacco and definitely some of the port probably 12 hours after application. Overall a wonderful fragrance for colder weather, marred only by the spotty longevity.  
This is what class smells like on a cold autumn night.  Rich, rich scent of oranges and cloves over the leather.  Does not fare well in the Texas heat so I save it for the special occasions in the (brief) winter months.
Christmas in a bottle basically. All the scents of the season. Very "dry" drydown so it won't last too long. Nice.
Classy, arrogant, a bit uptight, conservative, but once you get to know him he is open, warm, humorous, yet calm. That is me, that is this Burberry London. Beautiful!

Update - a lot of folks complain about longevity, but I get 10 + hours with quite a good projection.
Great Scent. Very Modern. Something wrote on this forum that Jaipur pour Homme by Boucheron was similar and superior to London is competely wrong. Jaipur Homme doesn't smell anything like London. Jaipur smells like the old barber shaving cream. Leave the jaipur homme for old gentlemen in their 70s and enjoy the warming scent of Burberry London.
It was late summer 1994 and I was on a 6 week assignment with a travel agency just off Piccadily Circus. On one of the evenings, a group of us headed off to a bar for drinks and had a blast at karaoke, making complete arses of ourselves. That's what this scent reminds me of - 'making arses of ourselves'. OK, just kidding. I'm talking about the atmosphere. From the peppery boozy opening right to the mildly powdery sweetness tinged with tobacco smoke. Unfortunately, longevity issues mean the fun ends rather abruptly with someone yelling "Hey, stop hogging the mike...!"       
London was one of my early favorites, and it has stayed among the top contenders throughout my sniffings of countless other designer brands, so it merits an extra-long review. It's woody and sweet with moderate spices, like so many others, but it's a unique sappy, leafy wood, like you're smelling the tiny nascent leaves sprouting out of a tree branch. It's especially so in the top notes, but I even find it somewhat from smelling the basenote residue in the bottle cap. People talk about the port wine note, and I might say it reminds me more of sherry or marsala than port, but there is definitely a fortified-wine component. I think it adds a mellow, calming presence to an already gentle scent. There's something close to milk-chocolateyness in the top, but not exactly...it's more honeyed, like the flavor of Sixlets, the chocolate-like candies that I had a brief but passionate love affair with during childhood. Or of the faux-chocolate carob chips that you see at health food stores. But there's not nearly enough of this component to make London a real gourmand scent. (Zirh Corduroy is related but a little more desserty if you like that sort of thing. Also excellent.)To me, London feels extremely natural, and it conjures up dry woods...not dry in the opposite-of-sweet sense, but the image of trees growing a dry setting that I remember:  the shady, dusty chaparral in a botanical garden near my home in southern california, with its manzanita bushes, live oaks and shrubs. So while I'm sure the pefumer meant to evoke a walk in a wet deciduous (European) forest after a fall or winter rain, I find myself reminded of quite a different place, my own little patch of dry western scrubland, just because of personal memories. The only problem with this stuff is something that it has in common with Obsession, though less so:  after the amazing top and middle, the base progresses too far into the territory of "standard vanilla wood because that's what everyone else does". (Still, London's a big notch down on the heaviness meter from Obsession!) Neither of them go so far as to become just a vanilla cliché, but this development always disappoints me a little. Still, London's vibe is so different from other wood scents that I love coming back to it again and again. It's truly rewarding.

A fresh classic. Still, in 2020, this one does not smell dated to me. Sure, nothing super special about it - just a nice, clean every day fresh scent.

Low priced and long lasting. I get longevity of a full work day (8 hours) and above average projection for close to 2 hours.

No wonder it has been a top seller for decades.

The scent 8/10
Projection/sillage 7/10
Price/value 9/10
32 years after it's debut, and this Godfather of the aquatic-freshie genre is still a very popular best-seller, that transcends generations with it's winning, timeless fragrance!

Jasmine, lavender, peppermint, sandalwood, oakmoss all combine so nicely in a fresh symphony. Straight-forward yet multidimensional in it's development, with various aspects of the fragrance delightfully returning in gentle wafts hourly during its dry-down!  And so affordable!  You just can't go wrong with this.
I don't think anybody who is familiar with fragrances at all doesn't know what Cool Water smells like.  It is just part of the human DNA now.  Clean and powdery.  Modern fougere.  Will be recognizable to most, and will seem a bit low class because of its prior ubiquity, and its immediately recognizable profile.  It is a good fragrance.  Usable anywhere anytime. 
Cool Water wasn’t the first aquatic on the scene but it was the first to make it big. And to find out why, we can compare it with Pierre Cardin&#146;s Bleu Marine which came out a couple of years earlier.

Bleu Marine was basically a fougère touched up with   salty-aquatic and tree fruit nuances. In 1986 the aquatic had hardly been born and this was all very new; little surprise then that the aquatic element in Bleu Marine was rather tentative. 

Although Cool Water's message was very similar, it delivered it in a much bolder and legible way. Here the salty-aquatic and tree fruits are pushed right to the fore, and the fougère sits at the back. It's as though they are both saying the same thing but Blue Marine is talking out of the back of its head.

Cool Water was a winner; not because it was a novelty, but because it was on trend, daring, and spoke with perfect diction. 

*****

This rating is for the vintage, original Script-Logo version.

I had the original in 1988, and outstanding memories of it.  To me, it always smelled slightly different, but complex, depending on the day, weather, etc.  I only recently rekindled my interest in fragrances.  So I got a bottle of the current issue and tried it--nothing like I remembered...it smelled mostly like Windex.  I wondered what happened?  A little research led me down the path of the IFRA regulations, and the supposition and general consensus that CW was ruined by reformulation.  

I tried to buy a vintage bottle from eBay, but the first one that I got was a fraud--smelled rotten, not even a nice Windex smell, lol.  I returned that and did more research.  The vintage bottles are the ones where both "Davidoff" and "Cool Water" are in a script font (like an original MXR Phase 90 if you are a guitarist)...found one from a reliable seller, and cracked it open....

And there it was, the memories of being at the beach or always wanting to be there, the lavender, the complexity, the slightly-different each day morphing of the scent, of a nicer time, when things made more sense and there was a world of possibilities.  Yes, I paid a bit too much, but it was like a time machine in a bottle, and it reminded me that I still have roads and beaches left ahead of me and the drive to make things happen.  Too much to expect of a fragrance?  It's the power of olfactory nostalgia.  That's what I paid for, and why it's the number-one-of-all-time item in my fragrance collection.  It makes me happy, and I am glad to have it back.  I missed it...and only the real thing would do.  It reminds me of who I am. The current version is nothing like the original, and the original is amazing--just be aware of the difference.
What can I say about Cool Water that hasn't already been said?

Let me get a few things out of the way, first.  This actually came out (1988) after Green Irish Tweed by Creed (1985).  It's just that most people hadn't heard of GIT due to its extreme price tag and limited availability, and the fact that Cool Water was nothing short of being rife among the general public when it was released.  I bring this up because Cool Water is often compared to Green Irish Tweed, and there are definite similarities.  This is most likely due to the fact that Pierre Bourdon was perfumer on both scents, so you're not getting a "cheaper" version or "ripoff" of Green Irish Tweed, so much as you're getting a variation of it.

I'm biased in my review of this as I associate this fragrance with the time that it came out and for the unfortunate fact that when I was in high school, Cool Water became the alternative for a shower after gym class, or for some people, bathing in general.  When I smell Cool Water, I inevitably brace myself for the base notes of armpit sweat and BO that I for so long associated with this fragrance.  It is what it is, and I doubt I'll ever be able to break the association.

That said, Cool Water is the grandaddy of aquatics (though this is a fougere), as this is really the first scent I can think of that legitimately smells like a take on water.  This is a daytime scent that works well during the spring/summer and is safe enough to be worn anywhere.  This is the true definition of a dumb-grab.  It paved the way for hundreds of derivative scents and on its own merits, it's hard to dislike.  Of course, if you remember the times when people seemed to essentially delouse themselves in this stuff (along with Drakkar Noir (1982) and Eternity for Men (1989)), it may skew your ability to have total fondness for it.  When thinking about this scent in an agnostic way, focusing strictly on its physical qualities, it's hard not to like it.

If you're looking for a good warm weather workhorse, pick up a bottle.  It's inexpensive and you can find it anywhere.  If you suffer the illness that many people here -- myself included -- have that causes you to collect bottle after bottle of fragrance, you should buy this and have it just for the sake of reference alone.  It is an icon, a legend -- slice it however you want -- and it's earned its fame and stature.  Thumbs up, without hesitation.
An unqualified legend. Cool Water is a fresh, green, somewhat aquatic scent that is notably reminiscent of Creed Green Irish Tweed (GIT). I liberally use Cool Water when I don't want to tap into my prized bottle of GIT. Less-sophisticated noses would probably be unable differentiate Cool Water from Green Irish Tweed within 30 minutes of application. 

Overall, Cool Water is an extraordinarily easy-to-wear fragrance that is suitable for casual or office use. Davidoff created a fragrance that lives up to its name. Cool Water is a wet, fresh, woody fragrance with a light floral note (germanium). On the other hand, GIT is a dry, fresh, woody fragrance with a light - albeit different - floral note (violet). 

Cool Water opens with soft lavender mingling with orange and mint. The rosemary top note - while well documented - is muted. The opening is fairly germanium-forward. This floral note tempers the dry oak moss middle and lends an overall softness and "wetness" to the scent. Conversely, GIT's oak moss teams up with ambergris, violet, and iris to create a much "drier" feel. Cool Water's dry down is heavy on sandalwood and musk. The drydown is somewhat linear and decidedly more floral than GIT. GIT's drydown is a rich and complex combination of ambergris, iris, and sandalwood. 

Cool Water is a complex scent for a department store staple. It is a safe blind buy and an impressive alternative to its far pricier Creed peer. In a crowded room, many folks would be unable to detect much of a difference between Cool Water and GIT. However: the beauty of Creed is what happens to your shirt 24 hours after wearing it. You'll know what I mean after trying both. If you enjoy Cool Water, I guarantee you'll enjoy Green Irish Tweed. If you enjoy Green Irish Tweed, you *probably* won't be disappointed with Cool Water. 



Undisputed living legend of a fragrance (it's #9 on the basenotes.net "Top Reviewed Men's Fragrances" list).  Davidoff's Cool Water - like it or hate it - is everywhere from department stores to discount marts and a true classic.

Cool Water is a fresh, spicy aquatic scent that can be compared to the uber-cologne Green Irish Tweed by Creed: Tart, rich with spiciness and a slight sweetness. The sea accord plus calone (environmental fresh note) bring a delightful outdoors casual vibe. Cool water is simple and satisfying for everyday wear.




It's nice, cool, clean and familiar. Not as green as GIT and not as rich but this still gets compliments and is enjoyable to wear. Also, there is something about it that makes it stand apart from GIT so that you know which is which when comparing side-by-side, might be the mint.  

Leans a little old school but completely inoffensive. Great for work.

Good projection and lasts all workday.
Starts off with strong notes of lavender and calone aquatic, along with hints of citrus and a tiny bit of mint and rosemary. The aquatic notes are actually in the background in this fragrance; the fougiere is dominant. There is a synthetic feel to the whole thing but it still smells pleasant. This perfume is squarely a masculine one. During drydown the calone/aquatic scent disappears and is replaced by a green sort of soapy scent with floral tones. I'm guessing this is the geranium and neroli that are predominant, since I smell very little jasmine or sandalwood. Basenotes smell similar to the drydown, i.e. a very pleasant fougiere scent with mild hints of mint and calone/aquatic scent as well as neroli. Sillage is moderate (definitely could be better) and longevity is moderate on my skin; it lasts about 5 hours. It isn't very reminiscent of the ocean at all though, and just has a calone scent in the background; it's more of a fougiere scent. I quite like this fragrance; it is unoffensive and a very pleasant masculine floral/herbacious perfume for men with a "clean" scent.

Fond memories of this one. Back in the mid 90's when I first started wearing it I thought it was the business. Women loved it and it was instantly recognizable. I tried it recently and of course it doesn't hold the same appeal at 40 years of age as it did when I was 19. Saying that.....If you are 16 - 18 and looking to get into fragrances you could do a lot worse than Cool Water. It actually beats some of the new cheaper releases nowadays. Gotta give it the thumbs up!!!
Get it. I get compliments all the time, good sillage, and decent longevity. If youre not a perfumist, you'd have a hard time telling this from one of the greatest fragrances of all time, Green Irish Tweed. For $30, even for $60, I'd buy this every time. I always have some! Great for summer, and once it dries down, great for night as it's just a classy, somewhat mysterious scent. Love it!
When I smell a frgrance  I'm immediately transported back to that time and the memories they invoke. I was introduced to Cool Water while living on the Gulf Coast around 1992.  My friend had it and one day before going to the beach I spritzed some on.  The love affair was instant!!!  It smells like the name. It has that seabreeze scent too it, open,airy, fresh and clean.
Unlike the powerhouse fragrances of the 80's this was the first in the aquatic frangrances for me. It's like walking on the beach on a sunny day with a good breeze coming in off the water.  I recently purchased a bottle again about a year ago and wear it on occasion.  It's one of those fragrances that get better the longer it is on.  At application you get that blast of the top notes of lavender and peppermint mixed with the jasmine and hint of rosemary.  It slowly evolves with the sandalwood and musk notes coming forward as the floral notes go into the background.  It's one of those fragrances that are not overbearing even if over applied as many guys tend to do with frangrances.  The sillage is respectable enough to catch ones attention but not to the point your a walking room freshener.  I'd like to say it's very alluring as in the situations I've smelled it on others made me want to get closer.  Ironic thing is I've had a couple friends in my life and the mere mention of this fragrance they ran out and bought it just to wear around me. It was like a silent communicator of their feelings and both very rarely wore colognes. Like them saying you told me you like this stuff now come and get me sort a thing.  
This is a great fragrance to wear in the summer or any situation where your going to be warm and work up a sweat.  Working outside, the gym, at a barbecue or the beach.  It really stands up well to one sweating where it doesn't mix with the sweat to become some horrible abomination like some fragrances can.  It just keeps you smelling clean and really does have good staying power.
A somewhat "clean" scent straight from the '80s, sadly overused today but still very enjoyable in his freshness.

Today is a very affordable fragrance (online, not in stores) and thus very recommendable.
Probably one of the fragrances that someone should always have in his arsenal.

It's a shame that this is the last really good scent still on sale from Davidoff.
Every fraghead needs to own this. It's a wonderful scent and yes, everyone knows what it is and smells like, but that doesn't make it bad. It's actually a top notch juice. It lasts all day and ages very well. I have two bottles that are 10 years old and still smell the way the did when they were new.
Extremely uncomplicated fresh scent that I will always own due to the world getting more and more complicated and choice driven, I always get compliments wearing this as I think it projects a clean vibe that allows people to appreciate a well washed and cleanly man. Suits the summer easily but could be worn in winter to work say or being lazy around the house, it's up there with nautica voyage for its purpose and syntheticness but the average joe walking by you isn't goin to smell you and think ooh that's a bit synthetic lol..legendary scent from davidoff maybe the true original aquatic.
Refreshing and carefree...

This is a fragrance which I can wear very easily. It's very laid back and carefree. It does smell similar to a lot of men's fragrances out there, but in it's own way it does the job really well for the price.

I get lavender, vetiver and mint, but along with a very "mossy" vibe. I also get ozonic, slightly calone vibe. I don't really get the ocean so much from this as I get a river flowing through the forest. It's that fresh.

One thing I would say, is that it is shockingly similar in smell to Green Irish Tweed. The similarities are striking. I would say at least 70% similar. It is really shocking how close those two are. Having said that, I think the Creed has two notes which Cool Water doesn't have, and those are iris (orris) and ambergris. Apart from that, almost identical. I would also say that the Creed smells a little more natural, but projects less, whereas this projects a lot more.

Overall, it's something I wouldn't mind wearing and recommending to others. For the price it's great value and distinctive. One to try definitely.

this is perfect , i love this stuff , its a perfect 10/10
Fresh, clean, masculine, safe, non offensive, compliment getter, good projection/longevity, versatile, Classic/modern & loved by all women this fragrance.

Any guy can pull this off.

This is what made me dive into the fragrance hobby.

Considering when it was released,
9/10


Salutation.

A immortal and Evergreen Cologne by DAVIDOFF.Coll Water is Member of first fragrances in My Collection.I never get tired of it.

In my opinion It it the Best Cold cologne of DAVIDOFF.a super fresh smell is best explanation about it.nothing heavy or feminine.

This fragrance has both Classic and Modern elements.it is like a very refreshing Summer Scent.suitable for EVERYDAY with a great sensation of blue sky days.

SILLAGE?Noticeable and pleasant.

LONGEVITY?Almost Good on my skin.

7.25/10
If you don't get hung up on its reputation and can smell it for what it is, it's utterly wonderful. 
An ingenious accord that in decent dosage hits and never misses. Its misuse and wide audience have made it lack in sophistication and charm, a shame for such a distinguishable marvel. Its price has also positioned it very low in the perfume ladder hence the indifference or hate it gets. A few facts concerning its comparison to GIT 1. it is not as believed by many more synthetic than GIT, 2. instead of having the soapy vibe of GIT this is actually like caring the whole shower water around you and 3. it is less powdery and musky than GIT but more youthful. Perfectly unisex so ladies since perfumistas consider it cheap and avoid it, is about time you claim it for you.  
Nostalgia for me. Clean, fresh out of the shower fragrance. Doesn't smell dated, well, at least not to me. I don't wear this too often but when I do I feel totally uplifted. 
This has to be thumb up because is a really good summer scent that has the honor to be the father and inspirations of so much masterpieces. And is really worthy cause is very cheap. 
In my skin the sillage or the projection could be better but... Is a fresh cheap scent, I can't ask for more. 
A few considerations about all fragrances:

Our sense of smell peaks before we are 10 and can begin to deteriorate before we hit our 20's and even before 16. It is also dependent on our state of health.

My point: the belief that one can depend on olfactory memory is dicey business. It may very well be that if we do not think a scent smells the same way as it did 30 years ago, it may because we have lost the power to discriminate scents as we once did.

Second, I just don't get the unfavorable comparisons to Green irish Tweed. That juice costs about $200. Would you expect an off-the-rack suit--even a Roger Laurin suit--that costs $300 to fit and look as equisite as a $1,500 bespoke suit from Alton Lane?

Insofar as the criticism that the first hit of Cool water "lasts forever", that, too, is open to debate. Numerous individuals have noted 15 minutes; I myself, 30 minutes before it loses the initial bite.

The bottom line is this scent gives you a great bang for the buck when it even merits a comparison with a fragrence from the house of Creed and the like or dislike of a fragrence is such an idiosyncratic thing, why should one question why one person gives a thumbs up and another a thumbs down. Both have their reasons and each is valid--for that person.

I'm going with the "thumbs up" crowd until someone can empirically demonstrate that this is an inferior scent not worth the money and not deserving of its iconic status.


I'm going to have to agree with gimpy on this...  having owned both cool water and GIT, and  my pick any day is also cool water.  It smells more cohesive and decided, whereas green irish tweed smells like an off-beat "green note" flanker to cool water.  I also cannot find an occasion that cool water doesn't work.  5 stars!
Okay here we go. This is a great classic scent that gets trashed all the time for being over-worn, generic, powdery or whatever. Not a lot of people wear it anymore it seems at least not as much as they used to but it is a classic and great for any starter collection like myself. Women dig it too but it doesn't float everyone's boat! Years ago, I was at a summer camp and before the dance night a counselor let me wear it and I really liked the fresh scent and it brings memories back of that night. I do not wear this all the time but great to throw on in the mix for casual use.
The GOAT fragrance as far as I'm concerned. I went twenty years between wearing Cool Water (going through 2 4oz bottles of GIT in between). I've owned and tested almost all niche brands, yet if I ran out of my house because it was on fire I'd probably grab this (after briefly thinking about grabbing Rive Gauche). 

Don't let the Creed/GIT fanboys fools you (and I say this as someone who considers Creed his favorite house), Cool Water is the better scent. GIT is too heady, too floral, too sweet. Cool Water is decidedly more attractive and masculine. If GIT is the smart, refined exchange student, Cool Water is the popular jock athlete giving him a wedgie in the locker room. Even at the same price I'd take Cool Water all day. What are GIT pumpers gonna say "I paid 5x as much for GIT and even though people think I'm wearing Cool Water, I'll admit Cool Water's a good scent?"

You know that feeling when you discover a new scent that you love only to lose it a year later? Well every time I smell this I still feel as if I've been born anew. 

Forget you biases, forget what you've read (especially here), and smell it for youself. There's a reason Luca Turin gave it five stars. 
Like a good pair of 501's - Cool Water is Classic LIKE A GOOD PAIR OF 501's  Cool Water is Classic   Super green and mint fresh - this is full morning power that do last well. It will leave a good "mossy" feel at the end of the day.  Non complicate - easy to wear this is a very positive scent to wear - full of masculine energy.  No extras frills but a good recommended Classic freshness !!!!Pros: fresh simplicityCons: none"
Opens up smelling kind of like fresh cut grass, but after 30-60 minutes it smells better, and it's strong enough for others to smell, and lasts on me.	Its good i've smelled it too many times to give it a 4 so i'll give it a 3.5, if you haven't smelled it before you'll probably like it, i sometimes get sick of it, but for the most part it's a solid scent.Pros: Lasts long on my skin, and smells good on my skin, after about 30-60 minutes it smells even better and it's strong enough, you'll get compliments.Cons: It smells kind of like fresh cut grass at first, not bad smelling, but it's my least favorite part about it, but it only get better from there."
refreshing, sexy, casual, classic	my mom loves the smell of cool water, so i blind bought a .5oz bottle at wallmart for 13$. This fragrance is a personal favorite,its a classic. its a blus smell, with a touch of musc to give it that great edge, its a scent for the summer and spring. i got this in june, havent tried it fall or winter, im pretty sure it will do fine in fall as well. highly recomend it, you cant go wrong with this one.Pros: classicCons: 
A classic	Davidoff Coolwater is a classic and I wore it when I was 18 and I'm now 35. Women loved it when I wore it back then and I sometimes go back to it every now and then and I will still get compliments. 	I think so many people have copied it now though e.g. Channel Bleu has a similar smell but with a deeper talcum powder hint in my opinion. 	I don't believe Green Irish Tweed is the same - GIT is almost like a grass version of the same scent whilst Coolwater is an ocean version. 	Coolwater was the first pricey proper aftershave/cologne that I bought as a teenager and it will always have a special place in my heart.Pros: Fresh aquatic muskinessCons: Too many people know what it is now!
I've been wearing Cool Water since it came out, but I haven't owned a bottle for at least 15 years. I did buy and go through a bottle of the Frozen flanker which is also a nice variation. This is just classic stuff and although everyone is familiar with the smell, many people still find this to be one of the most pleasing to them. This is probably because of all the memories this brings back for the 30+ crowd. There are many other fragrances that smell like this and it's father Green Irish Tweed. The difference is that these two do it the best. GIT is the masterpiece. Cool Water is the re print.
This fragrance is fresh, clean and masculine, so if you're looking for a good signature scent this is perfect. The first 30 minutes of wearing it is quite strong and smells quite harsh and even cheap, but bear with it! After that initial 30 minutes or so, it develops into a refreshing, lavender scent. This stays throughout the entire time wearing it.

The fragrance generally lasts about 5-6 hours on my skin, and you will definitely get wafts of it when you're out and about. Cool Water is probably best for the hotter months, but its extremely versatile so you can wear it whenever. If you're looking for something spicy, musky, and romantic, this probably isn't the badger for you, I reckon its more of a daytime scent.

Overall, I think this is a brilliant fragrance and I don't see how anybody would dislike it on you, definitely not offensive to the nostrils! Every bloke should have this in his cupboard...
Love this stuff, my sig scent.

I can understand that some people might think this stuff smells like laundry detergent etc.

But i love the clean, fresh scent i get from this, such a pleasant smell i wouldnt mind having under my nose all day!

Thumbs up from me!

I'm pretty new to the frag game, but this was one of the scents that really got me started. Great summer scent, inoffensive, and decent longevity. Price is just about right. It starts out pretty soapy, but dries down to a light aquatic musk that I cant get enough of. A must have for anybody. You've definitely smelled this on somebody before, but not nearly as common in my age group as Axe or Hollister body sprays. Great starter fragrance.
Here in my country where designer perfumes/colognes are so damn expensive, this scent is a compliment getter. I know in other countries, this is very common and most people wear it but no, not here. It's a great fresh scent, it reminds me of being a teenager going to LAN parties. Oh, if you smoke, the scent will blend with cool water and it will make it smell like marijuana, no kidding.

This is recommend for all ages but preferably 15 - 25 yrs old.
I wore this in High school...and my female teachers loved it in 1990. 
For me, wearing CW is like eating Golden Grahams cereal.
It's young for me these days, but I still enjoy it occasionally. Not something 
I'd do every day, but it's comforting to know it's still there if I want it.
It has became a reference for any fresh cologne. It used to be unique, but has already been ripped off by many other designers. It's a nice option for summer with a nice price too that's worth it for sure! I smell a great combination of mint and lavender mostly.

Amazing scent! Fresh and clean, great for a warm Sunny day although I find it great when I'm just at home having a night in and want to smell amazing. I love this stuff! I get about 6-7 hours longevity and it projects nicely (not strongly) for about 4 of those hours, maybe the vintage CW is better in the longevity department. It doesn't matter though, if you're reading this you should own this
Cool Water is landmark fragrance that changed the face of masculine perfumery overnight. It wasn't the first masculine scent from Davidoff, with Zino Davidoff (1986) and Davidoff (1984) predating it by a few years, but it gradually gained ground then completely overshadowed not just those older Davidoff scents, but pretty much everything else that came out in the 1980's before it. Much like the simple and unfettered loudness of Grunge swept away all the big hair, tight pants, and neoclassical-infusion that Heavy Metal had become, Cool Water suddenly made all but a few of the sophisticated and gaudy "powerhouse" masculine scents from the 1980's obsolete. Love it or hate it, this stuff redefined masculinity for the foreseeable future, and only into the 2010's did mainstream masculine perfumery finally dare to wander outside the aquatic, astringent, and BO-fighting freshness that this scent and it's progeny offered the world; that's 30 some years of setting the standard. I feel like it's the one aquatic to have in any collection, and not because it's the first, but because it's the one that gets the oceanic/fresh water vibe the most correct, with everything that came after just wandering further in one direction or another. It's been pretty much worn to death in the course of it's three decade run so far, so much like a lot of 90's aquatics to follow, it's been worn by your dad, your uncle, older brother, and the guy behind the counter at 7-11. To say it's the biggest freshie would be a misnomer however, as Calvin Klein's Eternity for Men (1989) would be just a wee bit bigger in sales, attributed to it's "met halfway" style of blending aquatic notes of calone with traditional lavender fougère construction, allowing a bridge of sorts between old and new. Conversely, Cool Water just went strait for the simplicity and freshness of it's theme without compromise, tradition be damned. Cool Water certainly opens like no other fragrance before it, with one glaring exception: Creed's legendary Green Irish Tweed (1985). Perfumer Pierre Bourdon was responsible for this game changer, but although not credited for decades. The US$500 price tag (adjusted for inflation) originally was partially justified by the fresh lifelike smell of this ultra-luxe juice, and Creed used it to launch their new career as publicly-available high-end perfumers sold in select department storesm rather than bespoke boutique fragrance makers by appointment.

Pierre was effectively pulling a Jacques Guerlain trick by aping his own creation and reinterpreting it as Cool Water for a different audience, which was the masses in this case, but I wouldn't call them the same, or one a clone of the other, because the lemon verbena, galbanum, and ambergris define Green Irish Tweed's signature accord is absent from Cool Water. I wouldn't quite call his making of Cool Water an act of socialism either(it's still perfume after all), but more like derision for the NDA he likely signed while with Creed, and a bit of cheek. Cool Water starts with classic notes of lavender and coriander mixing with orange blossom and peppermint to affect that "cool" blast of fresh water on the face. The dihydromyrcenol synthetic that all later aquatics would use for their "water" note was given it's debut here, and many a vintage masculine perfume hound hates this stuff for that. The heart and basenotes here simply help this initial impression stick around longer, with the oakmoss oddly in the middle of the dry down with jasmine, then musk, sandalwood, cedar and amber just doing their jobs as fixatives and not really standing out much from the top notes due to their blending. It really recreates the feeling of "cool water" in the mind's eye and if you didn't have access to a note pyramid, you'd never even guess what's in the damn thing. The same mind behind this was also responsible for YSL's Kouros (1981), so it only makes sense that the blending would be spot-on and produce a similar "feeling in a bottle" that Kouros evokes. Cool Water is a smell that can pull year-round duty if you live in California or Florida, but for everywhere else that gets an actual winter, this will reduce to vapor on a chill day. Davidoff oddly enough issued a "Hot Water" flanker for this to probably remedy that problem in 2009, but it didn't make the same splash, pun intended. For everyone else not completely enamored with the brand, this just makes an appropriate active day scent in summer, particularly if you work outside. 

A bottle of this literally lasts me forever in the Pacific Northwest region of the US where I live because truly sweltering heat is rare, and I might wear it once a year if that. The cultural impact this had on perfumery is incalculable. Every aromatic and oriental anything was suddenly an "old man" scent overnight, and even feminine fragrance had to ditch the light florals and run the opposite direction towards thick and sweet gourmands to be a counter to the "clean" direction this was taking the men's market. The paradigm shift it caused is pretty much directly to blame for the loss of many a great classic fragrance, some nearly on the chopping block a few years after releasing becasue they came out after this rendered their genre as passe, but I won't lump that guilt onto what is otherwise a good product. As with any pioneer of a new style, consequences the rest of the market it inhabits were considered minimally at best, and there's a chance this could have been a failure. Simply put: this stuff is the Fougère Royale (1882) of it's time, with CK's Eternity for Men being something like a Canoe (1936) by comparison: it's much more commercial cousin. Even older perfumistas (that aren't huffing oakmoss from paper bags) seem to respect this stuff while hating Eternity, if that's any indication of it's importance and the respect it's creator wields within the hobby community. The only problem I have with this stuff personally besides it's ubiquity, is the fact that a lot of people who wore it heavily tried to use it in place of proper personal hygiene, which is undoubtedly because of how cool it smells, so my memories of Cool Water are tainted with teen guys who skip showers after working out and substitute with this, or grown men who come back from a hot day in the lumber yard and keep a bottle of this in their glove-box like a cure-all for body stench. Otherwise, thumbs up from me!
Let me start by saying that I love Cool Water. I grew up around it. Everyone in my neighborhood wore it but that didn't phase me. It still smelled great but I never bought a bottle of my own because I didn't have to; I'd catch a whiff almost everyday. It smells crisp, clean and fresh. Finally, I bought a bottle of my own last year and sold it off today. I tried wearing it casually but it wasn't  casual enough. I tried it wearing it on a couple of nights but fell short. I tried and tried but then I realized that Cool Water wasn't for me and it broke my heart because I love it so much. Either I don't have the personality for it or I outgrew it. In any case, it's pointless to have it in my collection as I kept forcing myself to reach for it. 

By the way, Green Irish Tweed doesn't smell like Cool Water to my nose. They're both wonderful fragrances that rightly deserve their adulation. 

Heres to another chance encounter, Cool Water.

*edit* I just purchased a bottle of vintage Cool Water and I'm happy to announce that the love affair has begun anew. 
I really wanted to dislike Cool Water just because of its popularity.  However, it's a very nice cologne for the summer.  Like a mint in your mouth, it literally seems to cool and freshen the skin just by applying it.  The scent is fresh and nice.  I don't find anything spectacular about it, and I will probably never own it, but I enjoy the sample I have nonetheless.
This is one of my favourite fresh fragrances. Despite of the fever of "sport" fragrances that we live nowadays, some classics like Cool Water still remains in the top. In this rank of prices I think almost nobody offers a fragrance with the originality of this.
Great fresh scent, might be my favorite and the first one i ever tried. It's better than most aquatics as it has the perfect balance between being fresh and also having "depth". The price point is also GREAT. 
Plz mind that there are three versions (two reformulations) of Cool Water but my review is about last two versions.


What they are selling now with "Davidoff" written in block font as of 2009 is not as good by a long shot compared to any bottle with Davidoff written in "signature" font on bottle as well on package which was on its own also reformulated once!

I am not going into notes etc. as these are already explained in almost all previous reviews but I can say as owning both versions that the older version (pre-2008) does have a way way fresher and sparkling (minty) opening compared to the newer version.
Despite it is a synthetic fragrance, the older version smells way more natural than current versions! The drydown of the current is more sweet and ambery compared to old. Longevity and sillage are also better on the old version. It's like they toned down or even removed some notes from the opening and heart out of the current version and gave it a more cheap, strong ambery/sweet drydown. Only the opening has a little of the original sparkling Cool Water opening the vintage has.

Older version: 9/10
Current: 6/10
I'm fairly new to the fragrance game, and don't have much in my collection. However, this is probably the best fragrance I've smelt. It is definitely 'fresh', which is a word used for pretty much all fragrances it seems. But there is no other way of describing this scent. 

At first its a little harsh, but after 20 minutes or so it develops into a refreshing lavender scent that stays with you throughout. This is probably best worn in the summer but you can get away with wearing it pretty easily all through the year. A sweet, masculine and aromatic fragrance.

On my skin CW lasts a solid 5-7 hours and the projection is very good for most of this time. I recommend every bloke should own this!!
Ahhh Cool Water you old classic! lol

I remember this fragrance was all the craze when I was about 15
Nothing much to say about this fragrance other than I think its a quite unique, really fresh and acquatic and it brings back alot of teenage memories.
This is definitly a spring and summer fragrance however I think it holds its own in the colder weather also.The projection is quite good and the longevity is also quite good.
This is definitly a fragrance for a younger person and is best suited for just hanging out with friends in the park on a spring or summer afternoon.

My score:
             Projection:8
             Longevity:7
             Fragrance:8
Ahh good ole Cool Water takes me back all the way to high school when I use this fragrance  all the time it was my favorite scent for a long time. I recently revisited cool water don't know if I bought a reformulated bottle or just and old gone bad bottle, it didn't smell the same to me as it did hmmmmm, maybe I will just purchase a bottle at a department store. But in all it will remain as one of the best scents out there.
Cool Water is an absolute classic. There is a reason why since 1988 it has remained on the boots/superdrug etc top shelf. It's a great summer fragrance, Full of fresh aquatic/green vibes, girls seem to like it too.

Definetaly the best for summer! Very fresh smell and projects for hours. Very hard to find someone who doesn't like this scent.
I love cool water. It isn't great for winter, but everyone loves it, and it smells really unique and attractive in comparison to many others (like Abercrombie/Hollister, and Pour Homme). Has a great price too, decent longevity and projection, it's difficult not to like.
A refreshing aquatic scent, with just enough flowers and just enough musk.  Despite being commonplace, its low cost and large appeal makes it very difficult to not find a reason to include it in your collection.

8.5/10
I used to wear this scent 20+ years ago.  I loved it back then, and while I have moved on to other scents, I still have fond memories of Cool Water.  It still smells great, and while it is an obvious self-clone by Bourdon of his original creation Green Irish Tweed, I will disagree with most by saying I think it is a good one and even exceeds the original.  Considering the superior vintage version of Cool Water can now be had for 1/4 the price, I feel it is an outstanding value for those who love GIT but can't afford it and are willing to get near or exceed that classic's greatness. 4 to 4.5 stars out of 5 for the vintage (and a still solid 3 to 3.5 for the current juice).
Somehow I managed between 1988 and about 2006 not to have to smell Cool Water.  I have managed to smell the generations of clones and wanna-be's since, and was just waiting to hate Cool Water. But you know what?  This stuff is copied for a reason. It's really spectacular. 

I'm in the enviable position Luca Turin refers to in The Guide.  I don't have to associate this with half the male population of the 80s-90s. Smelling CW in this context is a great lesson in perfume history. If a new aroma technology is introduced with intelligence and artistry, it changes the status quo. I know that compositionally CW is a contemporary variation on the fougere, but qualitatively I think it's something distinct. This, followed by a slew of copy-cats, means a whole new genre. And I guess like the original Chypre and Fougere Royale, the first can remain the best. 
First time I've tested it seemed a very simple cologne in 4711-style. 3 years ago I bought an 1 oz. bottle just to try in my skin this succesful fragrance. I'm nowadays using my third bottle. This juice is comfortable, fresh, clean and ideal for days in which you need linear and secure things.
The Eddie Haskell of fragrances. Only June Cleaver would be fooled by the clean cut barbershop facade that this cologne presents. Those of us in the know see the mischievous bad boy lurking just below the surface. I love this scent!
When I was about 13, before I was a fragrance addict, this one used to drive me mad in duty free - I loved it. I bought a bottle and just couldn't get enough. I finished it and went a few years without it, until I was bought another 125ml bottle as a gift. 

Coming back to the fragrance now I am less crazy about it (I find the opening quite poor) but once it dries down it is very fresh and crisp. It projects well and garners quite a few compliments.

Should I mention the similarities between this and Green Irish Tweed? Yes. Cool Water is a good cheap fragrance in its own right, but GIT does outshine it. That being said, if you are on a budget I must recommend this over the vastly more expensive Creed.

7/10
All I ever read on Basenotes is how much of a rip off of GIT this is. As a long-time fan of Cool Water who's never smelled GIT before, I'll just have to take people's word for it. Whatever it is, it suits me fine. It's a strong, fresh blast of green spring/summertime fun. It may not be natural, but then again neither is cotton candy. It's still fun and enjoyable. And long-lasting, much more so than your average designer frag.
I once dated a guy that wore this cologne all the time. It was through him wearing this fragrance that I realised that some male fragrances are designed specifically to attract women.

This perfume is amazing and the after-shave is just as good. I actually have a bottle, because I bought it for an another boyfriend but decided at last minute that he didn't deserve gifts.

You can really smell the lavender scent in this, but it is in no way a girly scent. Cool Water is so masculine and sexy. On a man, this fragrance drives me wild.

It is indeed a strong scent, however it is refreshing and quite Summery. My boyfriend wears this scent to tease me because he knows the effect it has over me.


A fragrance perfectly done. It has a pleasant scent. Ocean, aromatic, a little green. One of the best perfumes ever created.

Scent: 4,5/5
Projection: 3/5
Longevity: 3/5
Mouthwateringly delicious fragrance. In a way totally flawless, although it apperears to sting my nose a bit in times when inhaled too deeply. (I suspect it's the dihydromyrcenol)

Complex and extremely aromatic mixture of herbal greens, bitter citruses, sweet musk and mossy woods. It smells very juicy and crisp, this groundbraking designer fragrance. Goes deep into the skin with great amount of nuances and strong lasting power. 
Performs like a fine soap; always natural and fresh smelling, simple yet complicated, but the one shall avoid overdoze to not to break the great impressions.

I enjoy wearing this, but more than that, I enjoy smelling it on my girlfriend who's been lately very into a wearing it. She calls it the "Sawyer scent".
The epitome of slick efficient design, this missile is locked on from the get go and takes off with a mighty whoosh. It is vulgar, slightly rude but absolutely delicious.A masterpiece of cheap and effective perfumery that smells as good as it ever did and costs next to nothing. What's not to like?

It is a fresh green clean smell that lasts at least 6-8 hours, projects quite well on my skin, is very versatile and does have quite a few similarities to the famous Creed Green Irish Tweed.  So much so in fact that I can't justify spending that much money on something that doesn't last as long and will likely be compared to this bottle anyway.  Yes it is synthetic smelling and is a blatant knock-off, but it smells good to me.  

Ultimately, this one is great for your buck.  Good longevity and projection, great price point and is close enough to Green Irish Tweed to merit not springing 100+ a bottle for a GIT-ish scent.  It's popular, yes, but it's popularity seems to have faded in the past few years.  Bleu De Chanel looks poised to replace Cool Water's spot in the "most ubiquitous men's fragrances" list.  If you want a fragrance with the Green Irish Tweed vibe without the Green Irish Tweed price, this one's probably your best bet.  
Good aquatic scent hence the name cool water. I use the scent whenever I go out on a cool breezy night at the beach for bonfires and hangouts just adds to the fragrance. Has an athletic clean type of smell pretty good has been in the game for some time now and is a best seller so I take it lots o guys have it dnt be surprised if u smell it on other guys but good nonetheless.

Quite sweet and powdery to my nose.  A defining metrosexual fragrance.  I had Cuba Gold before I got to sample this classic from 1995, but the dry down is very similar.  The opening of Le Male is better and so is the performance, but otherwise, you get the same powdery sweet lavender plus vanilla/amber combo that’s been working it’s magic for decades now.

The current formulation has decent projection without being too loud and lasts 7-8 hours.
Started as a teenager and have been wearing it ever since. Le Male has a strong cinnamon vanilla and lavender note, creating a scent to make women weak at the knees. My signature! 
Its got a nice mix of lavender, vanilla, mint thing going on.  It becomes an accord to me, melding together to smell "le male"ish.  Powdery, synthetic, sure.  If it didn't have that terrible bottle I'd own it.  Performance is good.  A respectable fragrance.  
JPG is awesome simple as that. Sure it has its time and place, i like to wear it when its a little chilly out with a descent outfit for going out. just like 1 million and invictus etc the frag will have its haters. But like i say, if your goal in a frag is to get noticed and get compliments then this is one of those. I guarantee anytime you wear it someone or several people will stop and ask what your wearing or tell you "omg you smell so good". Isn't that the point afer all?
I wish I had tried this before reformulation; as the smell is great, but it barely lasts me 3 hours in projection/longevity. The drydown scent is AMAZING, and I would rate it much higher, but the endurance of the aroma is nonexistent.
Jean-Paul Gaultier Le Mâle (1995) is a very important fragrance, and indeed a very controversial fragrance in the world of perfume. This was Jean-Paul Gaultier's debut masculine and it set the world alight with it's bizarre tin can packaging and risqué muscular male torso bottle with sailor shirt stripes to match the previous year's Classique (1993) and it's bare-chested feminine bust. Le Mâle did several things at once upon release: it established perfumer Francis Kurkdjian as his first creation (and arguably most successful one); it's loud and bombastic smell cut through the club scene like a hot knife through butter and was the de facto king of that scene until Paco Rabanne 1 Million arrived in 2008; it unintentionally gave the gay community on the male/male side a champion scent due to it's bottle design, bright smell, and "sailor boy" aesthetic that was in line with gay ideals of male beauty. You simply couldn't get away from this stuff in the club scene, and even after scents like Curve for Men (1996), and Givenchy Pi (1999) started taking nibbles at Le Mâle's dominance in more mixed clubbing company, it continued to rule the gay scene for years to come, and is still a strong contender even in the face of the aforementioned 1 Million in clubs of all kinds across the globe. 

In fact, Le Mâle has perhaps become too successful for it's own good, which fuels the controversy around it's artistic merits because everyone was just overexposed to it back then like they were 1 Million, and more-recently Dior Sauvage (2015). The scent's famous artemisia and mint opening is much to blame for it's shrill piercing of hot nightclub air, but it isn't quite an ozonic as it doesn't have a huge grapefruit note, but just the usual bitter bergamot and a contrasting cardamom note. Le Mâle is all about contrasts, which is how it gets to be so freakishly loud without being cloying like Joop Homme (1989) at similar volume levels. Cinnamon and dirty cumin is opposed by fresh lavender and orange blossom, showing Francis Kurkdjian borrowing a play from Edmond Roudnitska in the "dirty but clean, virile but pleasant" department, but the base ends up taming this beast at the end. Sandalwood, cedar, tonka, amber, and vanilla act as a forgiving security blanket that hides the diametrically-opposed notes in the top and middle. By the time Le Mâle is (finally) a skin scent, only wisps of the mint and lavender really remain to mix with the heavier, creamier, and powdery base, making this a very barbershop-like smell in it's final throes. I actually get a bit irritated by this finish, but wearing it on shirt helps keep the top around longer. There really isn't another fougère like this one (outside of clones), and the performance is beyond this world. Expect 10 hours plus of good detectable sillage and projection way past an arm's length. Best use is pretty much all seasons save the dead of summer, but obviously this smell is associated most with the night life.

Le Mâle is finally starting to appear dated around it's 25-year mark, and like other notorious period scents from the 90's such as Nautica (1992) and Tommy by Tommy Hilfiger (1995), is so inexorably linked to the decade of its birth that even in the gay scene (where it had the longest clubbing lifespan), it's seen as "old-school", which hurts it's wearability. If loud mint, bergamot, lavender, spice and vanilla traffic jams sound like something you could dig, you can't go wrong with Le Mâle, but if you were duly overexposed to it like I was, then you can appreciate it's importance but never bring yourself to wear it more than occasionally, a single bottle lasting a lifetime, or wear it again in some cases. Nuclear performance is the name of Le Mâle's game, but much of the notes used here inform of later Kurkdjian creations for his own MFK label, and has come in so many different packaging editions that it's also become a darling with collectors. The scent has always been something of a love/hate, but in no way am I dismissing the entire Le Mâle line, as there have been many different and nice flankers in the years since, a good portion of which are also designed by Francis Kurkdjian. A famous fresh, jarring, semi-powdery fougère scent that is instantly recognizable but not versatile like most things of its ilk. Thumbs up
The legendary Le Male by Jean Paul Gaultier... Introduced in 1995, it is one of the most successful - and most copied - perfumes of all time, that really influenced the way male perfumery advanced ever since.

Being the second perfume I ever got back in 2000 (5 years after its release and still being extremely popular back then), there are so many memories tied with its smell. I believe that Le Male is the kind of male perfume that every single perfume enthusiastic should smell as an introduction to what male perfumery was and still is all about. It is exceptional in its own way and - while it may smell a bit dated after so many copies of its smell being released, from male perfumes to... car deodorants, still stays relevant to JPG brand philosophy. You may love it, you may hate it but you have to give it a try.

Nice longevity, ideal projection - I feel that it is a bit watered down nowadays, compared to the original formula though, which is not a bad thing, considering the fact that the original formula could stay on skin for 24 hours and more. I remember going to the pool wearing the original formula years ago and having people around telling me that the whole pool water smells like Le Male. 

Apart from all the flankers of Le Male that JPG released (which all have been kind of fail - except Ultra Male and the new Le Male Essence), in my opinion the only perfume that took Le Male base and developed it to something modern and powerful is Prada Luna Rosa Extreme. 

In conclusion Le Male is a milestone in male perfumery, something that being in market for 21 years proves. While I am not sure if it is the way I want to smell in 2016, it has always been a steady presence in my perfume collection, something I love to visit from time to time.

*This review was written after several full wearings of the perfume and not just after smelling this on paper or on wrist.
Not something I would wear nowadays as it reminds me of being a very young man up to no good.

Still a great scent and remember when I sampled it for the first time. It smelt so damn good. Really different and unique. Girls went crazy fro the stuff!! 

Oh...........Those were the days!
I tried this when I first started getting into fragrance. I almost bought it on a blind buy because I thought the bottle looked cool. Luckily I tried it at the mall before doing so. I didn't like it and went with Versace Eros instead. That was about a year and a half ago.

This past weekend, I saw 1.7 ounce bottles for about $25 and went for it. I'm glad I did. The scent grew on me.

I'm getting a combination of vanilla and lavender from this one, and maybe tonka bean. It's a pleasant scent for this time of year. I would recommend it whenever it's chilly out, but it probably won't do so well in warmer weather.

Unfortunately, it doesn't have adequate projection or longevity. It smells nice, but the performance is lacking. Maybe it would make a nice date fragrance since proximity matters, but that's about it.
Classic.  But I think a bit played out so no longer in my rotation.
A legendary, polarizing and ever popular oriental scent that will always be my favorite.  I've seen several attempts by different fragrance houses to recreate Le Mâle (sometimes convincingly, other times even improving on it); but THIS is the defining sensual experience that, after all these years, still delights (and annoys) many.

For me, the lavender, mint, vanilla, cumin, and sandalwood are well formulated.  There is that Clubman Pinaud vibe here (that pleasant powder in the green bottle used in barbershops after a haircut).  The bottle is always a shocker to behold, and the tin can is unique, too! 

The flankers that have come (and gone) all take the Le Mâle mystique and enhance specific notes.  In the case of the "La Cologne Tonique" set, the fragrance serves the role of a bracing, tastefully muted body spray.  But for me, it's hard to dislike the retakes on this one (save for Ultra Male, a radical remake that is its own scent).  A dependable, always pleasant experience...Le Mâle will remain in my top favorites of all time.

This is beyond a classis.  Of all scents that I have owned, and still own, this is the only one that I have purchased and gone through numerous bottle, plus also the after shave balm.

From bottles that are over $1,000 to mid range to low end... This one has always stood out.  The scent brings up good memories, good times in my life, and I have never not enjoyed this scent.

I do not wear it out often as it is not a unique scent, however I do use it before bed.  Such a happy and calming scent for me.
Not much more, if anything can be said about this one. This was the first designer fragrance that I was really exposed to and absolutely loved the smell of. It will get hate due to its popularity as much as people who genuinely dislike it's scent. I had a friend who picked out ginger in this one which was probably the cinnamon/orange/cumin I guess. Can't say I get ginger... or lavender for that matter which seems to be a very dominant note quoted by the majority. All I know is I get a very pleasant smell that for me is the same now as it was in the late 90s. Above average sillage and longevity and a real classic for any wardrobe.
Review and Ratings based on the original formulation.

Years ago I watched the commercial, where guys are changing from their stripes shirts to formal suits. As soon as i watched that commercial (I believe was aired from the year 1995), I knew I had to get it. I had to wait some more time, and after possessing 2 fragrances (In which were given to be as gifts), I had to buy my very fragrance ever. It had to be Le Male. 

All I can say is, that this fragrance is a memory. Yeah, Memory in a Bottle. Enough Said. 

Thanks.  
Lavender.  Lavender. Lavender.  But in a good way :)
Judging from the positive reviews and love this fragrance gets, I made a blind buy ( actually 90% of my scents are).. 

It smells pretty nice as it projects. Smelt directly from the skin I gets a rough, synthetic after-smell.. Lots of vanilla in this one. 

Maybe it's because it was re formulated, I don't get the beast mode longevity and projection everybody talks about.. I even wore 4-5 sprays on a hot day, barely got notices.. 

Still happy it's in my small collection.. Barely escaped a neutral..

6-7/10

Salutation.

Yes LE MALE!This one is really great.elegant is the perfect way to describe.strong and definitely FRENCH style.masculine,beautiful,like a dream.

In my opinion Le MALE is clearly not for everyone.you either love or hate it.one spray is enough for long hours.well balanced and the base it very lovely for me.

One of the best fragrances in winter nights for me.perfect for smart stylish man.and one of the word is magical.

Thank You JPG.

82.5/10

It is a fresh, cool and modern perfume.
The scent is soapy and lavendery.
It is an oriental-fougere type of perfume.  

It is a very popular perfume. 
I liked it so much, I bought it even though it is a man's perfume. So defiantly thumbs up for it. 
Thats a monster!!! but a good monster so good that it has became so common that I could not wear it any more.
Vanilla mixed with candy sweetness cinnamon and pepper with monster longevity and projection.
the bottle is just....bad!
I really enjoy this scent especially the dry down. I would say it's quite unique to other colognes on the market. all the notes fit together perfectly. I would only wear this scent in the winter as its quite gourmand like. In my opinion le male is one of the best gourmand fragrance out there. I would defiantly recommend this but I would say test before you buy because it might not be for everyone.
I am surprised I have never smelled this on anyone where I live besides myself. I love this notes in this one. One would think that mint, lavender, and vanilla would not work well together but they combine so well together to form a truly unforgettable scent. I always receive compliments in this scent and my wife is madly in love with this scent. A great fall and winter time fragrance.
an excellent fragrance overall excellent projection and longevity. i use this one for fall and winter. for school or office wear only wear one spray but for dates or going out 2-3. no more than 3 sprays. its just that mine came with a defective pump :(. but i will exchange it.
The opening is on another level to anything I've worn before. Powerful, juicy and mouthwatering. The projection before it dries is a force to be reckoned with. The drydown is also nice and this stuff lingers on the skin for a good amount of time.

Not completely masculine, but then again not perfumey at all.

The bottle is impressive, a real quality item. I have the 75 ml and it just feels great in the hand, the glass has a really smooth feel.

However, Le Male is of course a victim of it's own popularity. The first time I wore it on a night out, it was recognised and named by the first person I came across. For this reason I would never wear it regularly. 

Also if someone is wearing other than yourself,  it it can be a bit cloying.

4/5 - Shame about the fame!
jpg le male is a true classic in my eyes. Vanilla lavender combo one of the best in the business. This projects forever and lasts a long time. Its stood the test of time so you can get this one cheap. Im not sure how you could hate this other than the fact that you prob smelled it on someone before but who cares.  I definitely get compliments with this one. The dry down is strong and i like that! you can get this one cheap!
smell 7/10 not bad i love vanilla
longevity 10/10 beastmode 
projection 8/10 this might have been reformulated???? i remember it projecting better but idk..
Very nice lavender/vanilla fragrance with a slightly herbal minty opening. 
Great longevity and sillage.
Hated. Loved. Adored. Loathed. 

No matter where you stand with this masterpiece (if you don't have an opinion do yourself a favor) this is  a fragrance that is undeniable. When I wear this I am usually asked what it is...just the pronunciation of the maker and cologne does something to people. Of course those in the know either roll their eyes or smile. I don't usually go into the ingredients of colognes as one only needs to look that up- but the minty vanilla of Le Male is glorious and was a game changer when it appeared. Instantly recognizable both by scent and sight, a definite legend in its own time and in my mind.
Very very sensual barbershop smell. The trick: easy on the trigger. 
Very sweet.One of my first purchases of cologne. Very sweet smelling. Has a vanilla-powdery drydown.Pros: decent projectionCons: doesn't last as long as the original "
Best fragrance if u are looking for sweetness.	Well I was looking for it and finally found it last night...i just wanted to check how its is coz i asked someone to get it for me...when i smelled it I was completely in love with it...that sweetness and the dry down is excellent..cant wait for it :DPros: Long Lasting, Projects GoodCons: Expensive :P"
Fun and Lively	Le Male by Jean Paul Gaultier is one of the better lavender and vanilla based fragrance offered to this date.  This scent can have  a mysterious aphrodisiacal effect at times.  Just remember to put this scent on mildly.  It's quite potent so please consider others and the occasion in which this will be worn.  Overall, a beautiful scent that gives undivided female attention to its wearer.  
Pleasant, sweet, great longevityI enjoy this scent very much. Most fragrances wear very close to my skin so even something with the reputation Le Male has, I don't smother people or invade their nostrils. The vanilla is very nice and the powder is something new for me but it is also quite pleasant to me. I think this is a fragrance that is just predominantly going to be popular with the younger crowd more so than the older crowd, and once you've smelled it you can see why. I really enjoy it and plan on continuing to use it. To each his own. Some people can spray once and get a headache from the sweetness. I can spray 2-3 on and you won't know I'm wearing it until you get relatively close to me.Pros: Sweet, long lasting, projects wellCons: Can be too sweet for some people"
I love this stuff, and it gets me noticed more than just about anything else that I own. It is another scent that seems to suffer from extreme popularity, but nobody else in my inner circle even seems to know what it is. It is a very pungent, sweet smell that follows me around wherever I go. It is strong stuff, so I try to go light on the trigger. Awesome for the middle of winter, it cuts through the cold, dry air in my area and has a good festive smell.
I dont really like sweet fragrancies but this one, wow. The top notes are very clean and fresh but as it dries down it gets very very sweet, mainly vanilla and cinammon. It smells so damn god, i'd like to feel this scent even when i go to sleep :D.

I think this is one of those frags that you either love or hate but if you love its love at first sight.  Projection is good, just as longetivity, but it doesnt last any longer than 5-6 hours on my skin (its still very good, compared to other frags).

absolutely favourite
I know this is a very popular fragrance. And like all things as popular as this there will be some backlash. But this is a top notch fragrance. Very original and very good quality. You spray this on and it seems like it would last forever. Definitely a winter time scent. This should not even be sold in tropical countries. However this is one of my all time favorite fragrances. A++.
A very exquisite and expensive smelling fragrance. It is instantly noticable and recognised. I have had countless 'you smell nice' comments and it is without doubt a smell for the modern guy and the fragrance lasts for many hours. It is very well packaged and marketed and really goes down a treat with the ladies.
I smelt this today after reading alot of reviews about it and..

I was delighted :D

As its got alot of vanilla (I LOVE VANILLA) i did adore the smell; but it did come of as abit sweet, maybe abit too sweet? 

Also, i got abit of cherry from this? Anyone else get that or is this just me? cos i was getting some cherry and alot of vanilla on the dry down?

Anyway, even tho it is quite sweet, i am pretty sure i will pick up a bottle of this soon.
It took me a while to warm up to this fragrance but it is the fragrance that made me realize that you actually have to wear a particular scent before you can decide whether you like, love or hate it.  The opening of Le Male is what initially turned me off about the fragrance.  I got a peppery cardamom scent at the beginning that I didn't particularly care for.  That is what made write off this scent initially that was until I smelled Le Male on co-worker of mine that had gone into the dry down.  It made me actually test Le Male on my skin... well long story short is I got to experience the wonderful mint-lavender-cinnamon middle and the vanilla-tonka-amber finish.  Im still not a huge fan of the opening but still an overall great scent.  Projection is good while the longevity on my skin holds for 14+ hours.
Vanilla and mint dominate this frag. I enjoy it. I keep reading how projection and longevity are beast with this more but I don't experience that. 
It's a good fragrance. Not the best, but good enough to earn a thumbs up from me. It's a powdery sweet scent with great projection and longevity. The bottle design is amazing, and it looks great displayed on a shelf :) I own the limited edition flask version though. Once i get through with this bottle, I'm going to purchase another one for sure!
The first time I tested this I was not impressed and it was easily forgotten.
For Christmas my wife got me a sample pack from Sephora, this was one of the frags in the box.
I tested each one on my skin daily just to see the outcome, boy was I shocked.
This package contained two of my favorites, D&G The One and Gucci Guilty and
this one won me over after trying it on my skin.
4 hours in and I swear it is just as strong as when I put it on.
I am not usually a fan of the "soapy" smells but this one blows my mind.

I am a huge fan.
Crowded, synthetic. So what? If looking for a fragrance for a night out, that has good performance in skin and like the girls, this is your candidate.

There's nothing left to say about this wonderful scent. Classic and timeless, definetely a must have for any fragrance lover. A wonderful mix of lavender, vanilla and tonka bean (mainly) that lingers for a long time in your skin. Thumbs up!
I love this stuff..  Been wearing it for years, and yeah a lot of people wear it, but it lasts a long time and I think it smells great.  Asked for another bottle for Christmas this year..
What an absolute classic this is.

The first 5 seconds of this fragrance is possibly my favourite smell in the world. A blast of fresh, minty masculinity. The drydown calms down but is still really pleasant and agreeable, you won't find a woman that doesn't love the way this smells on you. 

Lasts forever, very versatile, the bottle is a classic on your shelf, can't ask for anything more. 
Great fragrance, a little synthetic but had a great projection and longevity. The girls love it. : )
one of the all time clasics,( cool water, acqua di gio). unrealistic smell of mint,cinnamon and vanilla that is done perfect. if you love sweet orientals this is for you. beware of the bootleggers. if you get the 4.2 oz bottle for 30 bucks you have been scammed. this, chanel and acqua di gio are the most bootlegged scents..
Even though this one has been around for a while, I have to rate in as if I just smelled it for the first time. Longevity is a beast on this one. The scent is on point also. The only thing about this frag is everyone has it. If you want to stand out of the crowd, this may not be for you. But if you want a scent that's going to hang around for a while, this is your juice.
VANILLA BOMB!!!

So whats there to say about this 1 that hasn't been said? Not Much anyway...I just had to get this Gem of a fragrance. Growing up in middle school i used my brothers Cuba gold all the time it just smelled so sweet and elegant, idk lol thats just how i pictured it at the time. A few years later after wearing Eternity and Hugo(again my brothers haha) i found out Cuba gold was a "knock off" of JPG, it had been years since i had smelled cuba gold so i figured why not give this "JPG" a try. So i purchased a bottle, initially i was thinking "what the heck is this?". I smelled traces of cuba gold but nothing too similar. Than about an hour into it i start smelling something familiar ,i start sniffing my wrist And Wow it smelled just how i remembered cuba gold smelling like but much better...

Anyway now that i own a few more bottles this stuff smells somewhat dated it just brings back a lot of fond memories, and its no longer my favorite :( haha...Nevertheless i still LOVE the smell once it settles down after about an 1hr into it. It just starts off too strong thats my only Knock on it. But as stated this is Either a Love or hate fragrance.

Three words To describe this VANILLA, VANILLA, SEXY....Not the best Vanilla scent but its not Ever so popular for NO reason!

The classic manly vanilla fragrance. Over here in Georgia, USA not many people wear it, so this is fantastic.The smell is excellent: minty, lavenderish vanilla. Potency is great with this fragrance, and I don't find it cloying if you over spray (the mintiness and comforting feel of the vanilla are not heavy). Should be good all year around, summer time included (nights preferably). Spring time I think is the best time for this fragrance, since I like to bring out the really gourmandy scents in the coldest weather. This is definitely great for regular temperatures though. Will get attention and cause smiles. Great fragrance.
If you like vanilla and mint this is for you! The performance is incredible. Sure, its not the most natural smelling thing, but if all your worried about is smelling natural then why don't you stick to BO. This scent is delicious and a lot of women love it. If your in highschool this might be great for you. Not many kids where good fragrances at that age, and with this being so sweet it will set you apart from all the fresh scenes kids wear. Just go easy on the trigger and you'll be good. Also the colder is gets the better this smells. There's just something inviting about this in cooler weather. 
Awesome. I love it. My only problem is it reminds me of shockwaves hair get from the 1990's
I dont think its as popular in the Uk as it used to be i think the the kids have moved on to 1 million and other frags now.
Its fairly linear which suits me fine no worrying about what its going to develop into and its strong. 2 sprays at most are all you need. Its almost like someone lets off a mint and vanilla bomb. Good for nights out, might be too cloying in summer when its hot

Lot of people has got their own views about JPG LE MALE but it's one of the best perfumes ever created.I feel ,it's ignored by by a lot reviewers because it's used by a hell lot of people and its very common.Otherwise this perfume is a great creation ,no one can deny the fact.It's a mint and vanilla bomb.I dont really know any other perfume which has got such a day long staying power.Its truely a monster.People might talk about A*Man,Joop and lot of other things but these all do not posses the same quality notes.I use it in the morning and it keeps on going strong till evening.As far as the projection concerned ,no other can beat this.Belive it or not.Guys ,if you want to find out mistakes ,you can find it out anywhere,even in the most greatest things in the world.
Love it, been wearing it since high school. Sweet, woody, vanillic, and yes it is a bit synthetic and overdone. But its JPG after all.

Also it has in my opinion the best executed note of cumin in perfumery: it does not smell one iota like mexican or middle eastern food, it does not smell one bit like very bad body odour (which is why I dislike cumin), yet it adds a slight funk to the blend as it dries down and descends from the sweeter, heavier, louder top into the lower pitched coumarin-rich vanillic base. Very nice, provided you don't bathe in it.

Also I've noticed that last year's formula tweaking lessened its sillage, and it now seems to spoil very quickly. I kept an unsealed bottle of a formulation from about 10 years ago, and its fine, but 10 months with the newer formulation and it smells like its beginning to deteriorate, but still quite good.

End of the day: don't care about how overdone it is, how widely it is used, and the type of people who use it. Its a great fragrance, and does me very well. 4.5/5.
I live in St. Louis, MO - and this one is pretty well known in these parts as a club-only scent. I faked hating it for a long time before I would admit to owning a bottle. The stuff is truly beautiful. I have seen women literally roll their eyes in pleasure when sniffing my shirt. It smells a little fem to me, but hey - the wife loves it, so it has a home in my collection of bottles. There is no denying it's authority. One spray would get me through a weekend on the farm working around pigs.
Scent: Mint, Vanilla, Lavendar, Spices (Sweet/Spicy)

Usage: From 1 being rarely used by people and 5 being most commonly used, this fragrance gets a 5.  It's very popular and best-selling, for good reasons, but at the same time it's own success is what makes it for some people difficult to wear because they do not want to smell like several other guys.

Longevity: Lasts 6 to 10 hours (8 for me)

Projection: Initially overpowering, so wear a half hour before going out.  Stays strong throughout, doesn't die down.

Sprays: Since it is very strong, I recommend only 1 spray.  2 at the very most.  NEVER any more than 2.

Caveats: If you find sweet scents cloying, you may not like this.  This is a very sweet fragrance.

Recommended Age Group: Younger crowd (15 to 30), but anybody though.

Overall Rating: 9 out of 10 

Verdict: A classic, that belongs in all collections.

If you've been to a bar or club in the last decade in a major city you've smelled multiple guys rocking this. Powdery, floral, spicy, woody. It's pretty complex and it is ubiquitous for a reason. Women like it. It projects like crazy. It basically kicks noses in the balls and takes no prisoners. It's very masculine in that sense, even if it is pretty powdery and floral. 

Night-only people. Preferred in the winter/fall. I smell far too many undergrad-types sporting this during the day in the summer. It gets cloying and can turn many people off, especially in close quarters. 

Still, it's well made, is loved by men and women alike, and has a proper place in the clubbing scene. Just don't overdo it.
Opens up with sweet lavender and by the hour i get a nice spicy fresh vanilla and as the hours go by i pick up a slight cinnamin,and all i smell now is vanilla and what i believe is "mint". Very good :).
The scent is pretty good and projects awesome. I'd only would wear this on clubbing nights and I don't want to be wearing what the guy next to me is wearing so its a no for me. Ladies do like this.
I don't know what it is about Le Male, but it sends me into a frenzy! Perhaps because it reminds me of someone? The powdery sweetness of the vanilla combined with mint, cardamom and cinnamon is the perfect mix of sugar and spice, surprisingly quite masculine. However, I'm a female and wouldn't hesitate to wear this either. Someone in another review compared it to "body funk," but it reminds me of a freshly perspired man, skanky in a good way!
Very sweet, powdery, a bit minty and some tobacco, to my nose. But I would stress VERY powdery and sweet, and fairly linear. Sillage is not as impressive for me as for others, but no slouch. Longevity ia about 4-6 hours projecting, and another 2-4 very close, maybe 6-8 overall. This is very similar to Joop! Homme to me, and if you like sweet and if you like one, I would think you would like the other. I think it is worthowning one, but not both. I picked up Joop! first, so I will pass on le Male. I believe Joop! costs less as well, not sure. Also, Joop! has more longevity foe me.

Good scent, very powdery, a bit feminine, in fact, reminiscent of Joop! to me, and I prefer the latter.  However, I am not averse to powdery sweet on occasion, and this one is a pleasant enough interpretation of that, with some other fun notes mixed in, so thumbs up for me.
Now this fragrance has one of the best projection and longetivity. This is definetaly a sweet smell, so use it sparingly. Half to one full spray is enough for me. This is a good compliment getter if you wear it right. One of my faves.

I absolutely love the pineapple note. However, I am one of the few that can't stand lavender. 
I wore this multiple times and loved it until the lavender showed it's face. 
Fantastic scent and construction, thus the reason for the thumbs up. Just not for me. 
Opens very intensely with fruits that are both spicy, fresh, sweet and sour. If sniffing your skin/clothes up close during the initial hour or two you might be disappointed and some horrified - the scent cloud is much softer. Intense and invigorating opening. Almost medicinal - I think the patchouli and lavender is very noticeable from the beginning. Personally I love this initial 1-2 hours, especially in the (Swedish) summer.

The change as it develops is that it becomes much more appeasing and softer. That almost medicinal blast to your face is gone. It becomes more about the lavender. Yet the fruity parts become more about dry spicy fruit, like biting into a clementine peel or the "greener" parts of a fruit (or even biting into a piece of lavender). Sweetness and sourness sticks around.

All-in-all it's a strange combination of things. The mood of this perfume to me is anything from relaxed and sensual (almost too soft for what some men would consider) to bracing dry and masculine, and each wear gives me a slightly different impression.

What's I find exiting is how it combines some of these opposites - like the sour and the sweet. I don't find it overly sweet, but it does have one part of sweetness very strongly: the kind that's near sour or the the sort of dry feeling in ones mouth after eating pure sugar. The kind of sweetness in Etro's Heliotrope is sort of similar in that it's not obviously sweet to me, but it's also (or rather) quite sharp. Someone said glue about that one. With Music for a while I'd be tempted to say it smells a little bit like bleach. I think some musks contribute nicely to this bleach impression, and to the spoonful of sugar in the mouth feeling, as this sour or sweet dry feeling in my mouth reminds me of e.g. Perfumerie generale Le Musc et la Peau 4.1 or even Musc koublai khan (totally different scents).

This is a very approachable fragrance if you can bear the opening. Excellent longevity, sillage/projection is good.
This latest offering from Malle is an interesting and rather captivating combination of lavender and pineapple. 

The gourmand aspect like jam roly-poly has a Slumberhouse type richness (as in Sadanne). Overall deep, fresh, sweet effect not dissimilar to Trance and Rausch from Schwarzlose (see my reviews). I think the Malle perfume is probably more masculine than Trance but inevitably these things are very subjective. 

On a personal level the fragrance took me back to the 1960's and a masculine fragrance called Champion produced by a well known German supply house. In perfumery, there is nothing new under the sun!
The combination of pineapple and lavender sounded just wrong but I am glad I sampled this. It smells deliciously like lavender and pineapple in the opening and feels nearly overwhelming with the initial sprays. 

It tones down rather soon and the herbal edge of lavender sweetens down with that delicious burnt sugar aspect you sometimes get with lavender. Pineapple is also very much present, and luckily it does not display too sharp or tart edges but is naturally sweet and juicy. After the first three hours if fades to almost skin scent so delicious I had to keep sniffing my shoulders for the rest of the day. Patchouli gives some warmth but does not hassle much with the pineapple-lavender duet. 

Verdict: surprisingly good if you like gourmandish lavender. Projection might be a problem, and put me off from splurging on a bottle. I could consider a travel spray, though.
An approachable fragrance from a mostly standoffish house.

Opens with a burst of juicy pineapple before the lavender appears. I tend to avoid sweet fragrances but this is never saccharine or harsh. The fruit serves as a counterpoint to the herbaceousness of the lavender while warmth from patchouli bridges the two. It's a nice balancing act although I wish the lavender was more pronounced on my skin. 

Ultimately, MFAW is not to my taste but it wears well in the summer and the pineapple is surprizingly refreshing on a sultry day. Good longevity and projection.
Ordered the bottle from New York boutique. Got the box, opened the box, and Wow! "What is that?!?" 

Sliding out the inner box, I got a huge blast of this very unique and beautiful fragrance. I immediately was excited and thought, "What a relief," blind buys don't always pan out. I thought "Imagine if this is just the dry-down..."

Then I sprayed myself down. Probably 5-10 sprays went on just like that, and then it hit me. oh no.

My initial impressions were not at all the same. This is some really loud juice.

I went outside, and then out for a walk with my dogs, and the entire time I was starting to regret it. I almost didn't like it, but yet I did. I have enough fragrances to know that some have many chapters, some have very little change, while others play their trump cards right at the start and are over. Patience is good, because that beautiful dry-down I smelled coming from the box came back in full force, but not for a good 30-45 minutes. 

I can honestly say that I adore this fragrance, but the opening is very abrasive. Then this becomes a breeze of curious and unexpected, with a hint of memorable. Like a smoldering, sweet and fruity smokeless fire, that is somehow fresh!!

You decide!
Do you like pineapple?
Do you like cotton candy?
Do you have a sweet tooth?!
If you said yes to all 3 questions, get your nose on this gem. Massive thumbs up. The best Frederic Malle and the most wearable too in my opinion.

The opening of Music For A While is a beautiful lavender that is simultaneously herbal, earthy, caramelised and oily, which recalls to me a similar moment in the opening of the kaleidoscopic lavender of Bogue MEM. While MEM transcends its material to form an olfactory maze, Music For A While is more straightforward in its overall development. 

This wonderful lavender is soon joined by juicy citrus and succulent pineapple, with their mouthwateringly sweet tartness and delectable pulpy richness, as if having a bowl of fruit salad next to a lavender field under sunny blue sky. The lavender soon turns more camphoraceous with time, a quality that is enhanced by the similar earthy camphor facet of patchouli. This also allows a smooth transition from the lavender/fruits in the opening to the patchouli/fruits in the dry down. One possible downside of amping up the camphorous character of lavender is the potential link with something asceptic. I myself get this association from time to time, but not strong enough to provoke a negative reaction from me.

When the lavender finally switches its leading place with patchouli after about 4 hours, Music For A While is now a caramelised fruity patchouli with a healthy dose of ethyl maltol, which is reminiscent of the note combination and the structure of Mugler Angel.Music For A While is of course less bombastic and lacks the gooey texture and the dark chocolate of Angel, but I would not be too surprised if someone decided to make a lavender version of Angel and presented it as such. As for vanilla, I personally don't detect it as a well-defined note, but it probably helps to round the edges of the fragrance.  

I got an 11-hour longevity and a moderate to soft sillage.

Overall, I quite enjoy Music For A While and find it solidly done, especially the multifaceted opening lavender. The dry down sits comfortably in the gourmand fruity patchouli zone, which is probabaly the zeitgeist of the last two decades of modern perfumery. While I would not say that it’s the best gourmand lavender, it's certainly a more interesting and more layered interpretation among the recent gourmand lavender offerings. If you happen to be searching for a well-balanced gourmand lavender-fruity-patchouli fragrance, I think Music For A While is well worth a try.

