A sharp, cloying, sweet green tobacco leaf pong that doesn't evolve much.  Atrocious.
London is all about the top notes, since it doesn't last more than an hour, and while I was initially impressed by them due to their uniqueness, after a few wears my opinion has changed.

On first spray London is a weird pine and vodka combination- strong and causing instant nostril-flare inducing. 

After a few minutes some cherry and lavender are introduced to the mix, creating a sweet/alcoholic/syrup with a wisp of nut/wood.

I know it's popular here, but I don't like it.
On paper, this looks like Autumn bottled.  Port wine, black pepper, leather, cinnamon leaves, tobacco, etc.  Then I sprayed some on.  Gigantic wine note, subtle black pepper, touch of cinnamon, and then...nothing.  All in the space of 30 minutes.  Sprayed some on my shirt and think it lasted 5 minutes (35 total for those keeping track) longer.  Unbelievably short-lived.  If Burberry ever put a longer lasting version, I'd be the first in line.  Until then, this one's a fail, epically so.  

3/10 

This is absolutely true about  Burberry London for Men. This lacks longevity and projection big time. After 2 hours it was long gone. Not worth the $$$$$. 
I thought it would be impossible to find a fragrance that projects less the D&G The One, but lo and behold Burberry London has proved me wrong.
I blind bought this fragrance after hearing all the good reviews about it and was extremely disappointed when I actually sprayed it. All I got from it was a very watery pine scent which hugs my skin after 10mins and a pwdery dry down with a hint of cherry, to be fair the dry down isnt bad but it just does not project on my skin at all and completely disappears completely after 2 hours. 

Im really disappointed with this buy and wouldn't buy it again.

My Score

Projection: 1/10
Longevity: 2/10
Fragrance: 5/10
Perhaps I got a bad decant or my skin chemistry is dysfunctional, but the way I experienced Burberry London was disappointing.  It was redolent of sulfur and sporty deodorant, petering out after two hours to a powdery base.  I guess it's fortunate that the the sillage and longevity are weak on this one.

I was looking for a cold weather fragrance and was recommended Burberry London. I like the smell of leather, tobacco leaf and cinnamon, so I had to give it a try.

The opening was sharp, spicy and borderline offensive. I didn't like it, but a lot of fragrances start out that way and calm down to something more pleasant. I wore two sprays of Burberry London around the mall. After about an hour, I just couldn't stand it anymore and had to wash it off. Very few fragrances do that to me, but Burberry London did.

Maybe it was because the mall was hot, stuffy and crowded, but I just couldn't handle Burberry London.

I can't give a complete review of London because I washed it off before I've fully experienced it, but one thing was for certain. I didn't like it.

I'm going to have to try Burberry London again in order to complete this review. Because of my unpleasant experience, I'll still have to give it a thumbs down, but I'll at least give it my highest thumbs down rating. I'll be back to add more to this review.

London gets a 3 out of 5. Subject to change, hopefully for the better.
The longer into the dry down, the more this reminded me of Sung Homme - and I hate Sung Homme.

This scent is pleasant to wear in the begining after application but the longevity is so short.  On me anyway, it lasts less than 1 hour.  Afterwards, it smells like a carpenter with perspiration odor.  Almost embarrassing!  If I want to smell this way all I need to do is work out at the gym for an hour.  I'd say it's a useless fragrance because it serves no purpose.....:"neither here nor there".

Big thumbs down, I literally hate this stuff on my skin that’s the problem. Smells good on my brother so I gave it to him. 

Aspen and Tres Nuit are so much closer to GIT. I do not detect any grassiness in CW. Smells cheap and bland on my skin. In a word, literally, yuck.
hello, I am new here and new to collecting fragrances. Good to be here and it is really good to hear that I am not alone on my review of cool water. 
 I have been saying for years to many people that as I get older I really love nice smells. I appreciate all the good scents! Of course, we are all human with a nose, right? Although as I said as I have grown older I really have become fond of good scents of all kinds and forms. 
I have been studying fragrances online and Utube for weeks now. I spent 400 dollars on fragrances and really like all of them. I have been buying a bunch of mini bottles and sets so that I can explore. 
I decided to buy a 4.2 oz bottle of Davidoff cool water because of all the positive professional reviews. I figured that if it is not great, I can spray it on my towels and bathroom fixtures as I have done with bargain basket fragrances in the past.
I opened the bottle of cool water yesterday for the first time. I sprayed my arms one time each. I could not believe that I have heard, seen, and read so many positive reviews on this fragrance. I even did not want to waste my time keeping it and spraying it on my bathroom fixtures. I put it right back in the box drove to the post office and shipped it back, because the company will accept products that have been tested. I wasted the price of shipping which is close to a third of the cost of the bottle. 
I have no problem with not liking this fragrance. My problem is, why so many fragrance experts have said great things about this scent? It is nothing special and it did nothing what so ever for me. Now I can not take the word of all the experts, because of this and that stinks. 
From now on I have to sample products before I purchase. This was not much of a waste of money, but a good lesson. I will spend the money on a sample before I buy a product. Maybe someone is being paid to say great things about this product. It is nothing special what so ever. I purchased it from a reputable company, so it had to be authentic. Would anyone spend the time on making a fake Coolwater? lol, I really have a problem understanding why so many people have boasted about cool water being so great?   Tobacco note? yeah really. 
I cannot believe that this monstrosity and Eternity are the top 2 best selling Men's perfumes of all time...

I never smelled this back in the day when it had debuted, maybe because I was only 7 and better that I hadn't because now, now that my nose is honed to a razor from decades of smelling good scents and horrible scents, my God this is absolutely disgusting. I would hate to wear this. I did a sample spritz on my arm and couldn't even hack a whole hour. This hurts my mucous membranes.

After 10 minutes this goes directly into an overpoweringly strong, metallic, aquatic musky think that reminds me 'strongly' of Animale for Men. Not Animale Animale, 'Animale'.

This just goes to show that the majority of humans don't know shit about a proper perfume because it is far beyond my comprehension how this nasty chemical soup is still a best seller.

By the way, the flacon that I had picked up is from Lancaster with the cursive writing on the front.


It smells like Davidoff copied elements from Ice Blue by Aqua Velva and transitioned it from a nice scent to annoying. Lighter on peppermint yet blended with a marine note that makes it smell odd. A very screechy effect from an overdose of sharp lemon carrying the soapiness from lavender. Some musk but it's awful blend just drowns it out.

Cool Water smells like cleaning chemicals were mixed together. It's one of the most harsh smelling fragrances on the market and I'll always hate it.  





This (and Green Irish Tweed), smell so disgustingly artificial that I can only tolerate them for a few minutes. Both of them are scrubbers I'm afraid.

One of the worst perfume i have ever tried and purchased.. i purchased blindly by just checking its rating on basenote but what a bad experience it is... i want to give it 0 out of 100

You're a 16-year-old boy. Your hair is spiked, and you're wearing a tacky rental tux. It's prom night and you're looking to get lucky for the first time. What cologne do you reach for? Cool Water of course!

I can't tell if I actually hate this scent or if I just can't get the above image out of my head every time I smell it. I'm not yet pro enough to list the notes I get, but in terms of feelings: juvenile and sleazy.

I do see the similarities between this and Creed GIT as others have mentioned. But, to say you should pass on GIT for Cool Water is like saying to pass on a convertible red Ferrari and for a convertible red Saturn. GIT isn't a personal favorite of mine, but I get why people like it. Cool Water is just gross to me.
When Cool Water first came out in the late 80's I was 25 yrs old and bought a bottle just like every other 25 yr old male in America.   But 20 yrs later, it just reminds me of things that I'd rather forget. When I smell it now, it reminds of a fragrance that would be available in buckets from a club mens room attendent for a small tip.   Not something I like.

I still own about half a bottle, but just can't stomach it any more and will likely never wear it again.

Smells like Old Spice Aqua Reef mixed with bug spray. 
This should have stayed in the 80's. In fact its so bad I would go back in time to stop this being made.
I don't get it, CW is a mediocre perfume at the best, and it gets so much brouhaha.
I have the vintage version (with the script font for Davidoff ) that according to everybody is better than the new version (block letters), so I can not even imagine how awful the new version must be.
Besides, the market is literally flooded with clones making this perfume as common as houseflies.
It is not nauseating (well, almost), and it may induce headaches sometimes.

It's a decent fragrance for spring days and summer night.
Start fresh, green and herbal but synthetic with huge dose of LAVENDER! lavender give me the cleaner vibe. Smells like refined and pleasant detergent! lol
Yeah, it's synthetic and smells like detergent but it's not that bad!
It's pleasant with very good price and great projection and longevity.
A casual fragrance when you are at work and your pals don't know much about fragrances and when they smell it on you, they say : wow you smell very good!! lol
The opening is better than the base. in the base we have a very cheap smell.
It does smells like GIT. yes. but much more synthetic. GIT smells more natural and have a much better drydown but they smell 80% the same!
You can buy this for almost nothing these days and there must be a reason for that...This was a blind buy, just based on the many positive reviews and therefore tried it many times but the outcome was always the same. It is just too synthetic and in the end gives you a headache. Nice try to make a cheap alternative for GIT, but just not good enough...
Smells like Bounce fabric softener sheets right out of the dryer. 
I think I will sprinkle the sample I have over my laundry. Ok for clothes, but I don't like it on me. Giving me a headache.

I really wanted to like this fragrance, and ive tried very hard to after I blind bought it a year or so ago. To be honest the top notes are quite nice and the first 15 min or so is promising...nice and fresh and clean....however the dry down is just an absolute disaster. Smells so cheap and abrasive, i get a cigarette ashtray and body odour vibe and I just want to wash it off my skin.

I can happily wear most super-popular mainstream scents, but not this one. 
I only tried this once but the scent was too sharp and harsh for me.  I will try it again when I have the chance to see if I will change my mind about this one.
UPDATE:  I gave this one yet another chance.  I think the note pyramid at fragrantica.com is more accurate:  "Top notes include mint and green nuances, lavender, coriander and rosemary. The heart notes include geranium, neroli, jasmine and sandalwood. The base is composed of cedarwood, musk, amber and tobacco."

I get a hint of tobacco, which I like, but overall this is a "blob"-like fragrance to me (not much note separation.  Out of that blob, lavender and neroli stick their heads, and there is a sweetness to it that just makes things worse.  To me, it's crude and unpleasant, but perhaps this is part of its charm to those who like it (that is, the "swagger," which I view as crudeness).  This is the kind of fragrance that led me to think that there is no reason to wear fragrance.  Some scented deodorants smell better to me.

The original review:  Cloying, "synthetic," lavender-on-roids fragrance that comes across as a "perfumey,"  crude, "drugstore," "cheapo."  Not sure what the appeal ever was, since I didn't wear personal fragrances in 1988.  It was so irritating that I had to wash it off right away, so I can't speak to longevity or projection/"sillage."  This seems like more of a statement (against the typical "men's" fragrances of that era) than an attempt to create a wearable fragrance.  I'd much rather wear something like Eau de Cartier than this if I want a "fresh" fragrance, and I tend to wear ones like Green Jeans in warm weather, just to give you an idea of my preferences.
A horribly cheap fragrence. Makes me think of an icehockey player on his way home from training. Smells like axe...
I think the name is misleading. I was expecting a aquatic fragrance but what I got was a dry floral scent. The longevity is not good for me at all. At least 4 sprays and I couldnt smell it after 2 hours. The projection was pretty good during those 2 hours at least. I get a ton of lavender in the top notes. I just cant get over the overload of the lavender that reminds me of my laundry detergent.
A poor mans GIT that tries to live in its shadow but fails. A pale reflection of something greater than itself.
My dad wore this...usually on special occasions. When he did the top notes usually gave me and my sister nausea, especially when he sprayed some on in the car during a drive to the said occasions. On him Cool Water was loud, VERY loud, and lasted a long time. It's because of this I've been hesitant to wear it. Why would I want to wear something that would make me sick?

Fast forward: Due to the knowledge that I've acquired here about most perfumes it was clear that my dad over-over-applies every cologne he's ever owned. I told him about over-application and Cool Water was still loud on him. I don't know why he likes this stuff. I finally decided to try it on my skin. Oops. After I washed it off I had to lie down for a bit to get the room to stop spinning. Others have said it was synthetic in the dry-down and they pretty much nailed it.

Sorry. I wanted to like CW but this stuff makes me sick...literally.
In my opinion this cologne is overrated .This is supposed to be a fresh acquatic scent, but to my nose it's a dry floral scent, very very dry .If you want a good acquatic try Bulgari's Acqua Marine or Armani's Acqua di Gio.The only good thing on this cologne is that it's cheaper than many others.

After all these years, I can say with full confidence that I just don't like Le Mâle.  It feels good to finally get that off my chest...

I think almost everyone knows what this smells like by now, but if you don't, it's basically a lavendor/tonka fougere, sweetened with vanilla, cinnamon, and coumarin, kind of soapy and powdery, but kept from turning into a gourmand by a mix of exhaust-fume terpines, bleach, plasticky diaper musk, and smegma.

It actually kind of reminds me of Shalimar, but if Shalimar were reimagined by a punky gay weirdo who thought it would be funny to get unsuspecting people to wear a classic musk perfume that uses bleachy dried up sperm instead of musk.  As such, I get the joke, and I acknowledge the artistry, and the wink-and-nod to history, and the iconoclasm.  But I still think this smells nasty.
Synthetic at its best. Powdery synthetic scent. I dont get anything in it, it's too lame to separate the notes. I only get some "artificial" lavender. Hmmm...


Does nobody else get shaving foam, herbs and mustiness?

**/*
I've bought 125 ml for 40 €
I'm not an expert on reformulations. 
The scent is classy and great. I've owned dupes of this fragrance. 
Le male in its current state is not worth the money. Sillage is poor and the dry down is not that great. 
Kindlooks for 5 dollars is better and the sillage is far better than JPG LE MALE. 
I don't like to ramble on about reformulation's but this one is totally spoiled now ..it's dry and has lost all of its opulence and density..highly synthetic and basically its not been treasured or treated with any respect by the company that currently formulate it. I gave it away to my 14 year old nephew ..he likes it so at least it wasn't a complete waste of money.
The original JPG Le Male from the 90s was a masterpiece & had tremendous performance! Le Male has since been reformulated & most retailers are selling the reformulation. The reformulated version of Le Male does not smell or perform nearly as good as the original. It is not powdery, nor is it a powerhouse! I find it woodier in the dry-down. The vintage is a much darker juice/better formulation. A reformulated bottle will last 5 hours at most on my skin & project for the first hour. It is a shame that the house destroyed a beautiful fragrance. Not worth it - only buy if you can find the vintage juice!
I happened to be living in London when this was launched and was running into Harrod's on an errand when, right inside the door, a woman with a spritzer grabbed my arm and asked if I wanted to try this new scent.  Before I could answer, I was given a dose and I quickly moved on.  Before I was twenty steps into the store I knew that something was wrong.  Very wrong. What she sprayed on me was so vile, so gross, that I went straight to the men's room to wash it off.  It was on me ten minutes or so and I sniffed at it the whole time, wondering what was so "off" about this scent.  I was probably wearing Bel Ami at the time, so strong scents were no problem.  I also love Caron PuH and Ungaro II, and the vanilla lavender combo is a favorite, so what was so wrong?  To me it smelled overly strong, overly sweet and oddly bestial--and not in a good way (and as I mentioned, I like the civet in Ungaro II!).  Very similar to my reaction to Kouros, even though they are very different fragrances.  Even after a scrub in the gent's I emanated its evil odor for the rest of the day and felt like I needed to apologize to strangers who drifted into my wake.  Oddly enough, I have smelled it on other men since where it smelled just fine--actually tame and minty-fresh barbershop-like.  I might even like it now that it has been reformulated but I can never forget the visceral reaction that I had on first trying it. 

Genre: Woody Oriental

This dull, aging, straight-laced, (if socially progressive,) straight guy grants kudos to the house of Jean Paul Gaultier for openly courting the gay male market well before it was politically correct to do so – back in those benighted times when “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” actually looked like a step forward. Insofar as the packaging and winking sailor boy from The Village People ad campaign were unambiguously and unashamedly targeted – not to mention decades in advance of Etat Libre d’Orange – I say good for Gaultier. I only wish they’d given the guys a better scent.

I have no idea what perfume critic Tania Sanchez was sniffing when she described Le Mâle as a “light, soapy lavender scent,” but to me the contents of the bottle with the bulging crotch rank among the loudest, crudest entries in the sugared 1990s tidal wave that included A*Men, Pi, Rochas Man, Lolita Lempicka au Masaculin and Joop! Homme. I find this especially remarkable given that it’s purported to be the work of Francis Kurkdjian , him of Enlévement au Sérail, Acqua di Parma Iris Nobile, L’Eau Noire, and Ma Dame. The composition smells very simple, and all I get out of it besides Ms. Sanchez’s lavender is powdery vanilla, amber, and a monstrously amplified note of ethylmaltol. This last is the same diabolically shrill, sweet aromachemical that lends the original Angel its syrupy consistency.

The development, if I may deign to call it that, is strictly linear, and the cloying sweet central accord persists at the olfactory equivalent of deafening volume for hour upon hour – which I count as no good thing, given how unpleasant I find Le Mâle. Contrary to some others, I actually find Kurkjian’s recent floral variation, Fleur du Mâle, far more wearable and interesting.

A classic scent destroyed by reformulationJean Paul Gaultier's Le Male was a masterpiece of simplicity and design. Some people thought it was a victim of its own success but popularity was never due to hype or marketing, rather it was down to one simple and fundamental truth (often forgotten in fragrance world), Le Male just smelled so bloody wonderful. Le Male was never a complex scent, just a perfectly balance of duality - its intense vanilla dry down tempered beautifully by mint and a hint of lavender. It was also renowned for its projection and longevity across the board, something rare with so many different and subjective reactions to fragrances. So it's with a heavy heart that I inform the reader that Le Male has, most likely, been reformulated as a shadow of its former self. I've purchased 5 bottles over the past six months, all from reputable sources and they have all inspired contempt and frustration. The new formulation has dropped the heavy vanilla dry down in favor of something more subtle. It's not unpleasant but it's far less sweet than the original formulation and seems a little more powdery. It has also become far less potent. In fact, I'd go so far to say that its projection is weak. It stays so close to the skin as to become none existent. Longevity remains decent - around 6-7 hours, less than its earlier incarnation - but because the projection is so slight and the scent so bland, longevity becomes mostly irrelevant. I don't think that there has been any official word from Jean Paul Gaultier but the forums are abuzz with speculation. I remained objective in my assessment - negative experiences with scents often comes down to fake bottles or stale perfumes - but I feel confident that I've given enough time, and enough money (!), to confirm my judgement. In conclusion, be wary when purchasing Le Male. I suggest hunting down older bottles, if you know what to look for (it's been suggested that the older formulations have darker stripes on the bottles). Otherwise, lower your expectations of this once beautiful creation and mourn the defiling of a classic male fragrance.Pros: Retains hints of its older versionCons: Weak projection, weak longevity, lack of vanilla intensity"

Sweet scent at first sight but too much for my taste. It becomes invasive and unpleasant.
With all the amazing reviews I read about this, i just HAD to try it.  I WANTED to like it... but alas, it was not for me.  
When sprayed on the test strip of paper, it was very forgettable, with an undertone i wasn't sure of.  Surely that was just something subtle on thetop notes that would wear off eventually.  So I tried it on my skin.
For 45 minutes all I got was babypowder that had something subtle trying to come out.  Eventually the hidden note came out:  Vanilla.
If vanilla and babypowder are notes you enjoy, then this is the frag for you.  Sadly, I didn't feel that it lived up to the expectations made by all the reviews.  IMHO.
Le male contains some of my favourite notes and I was eager to try it.  I really liked this fragrance on the blotter.  Then, I sprayed some on my wrist.  Big mistake!  After 20 minutes, I smelled like I spilled a bottle of Musk for Men by Jovan (a horrible cheap drugstore fragrance that was all too popular back in the 70's).  For months, my mouse pad reeked of white musk. Oddly enough, musk is not mentioned in Le male's olfactory pyramid.  I wonder what it is that reacts so bad on my skin.

Maybe Le male is a great fragrance on some men but on me, it is utterly revolting.  Headache in a bottle, unfortunately.
so sweet it mekes me sick, are you sure this was intented for males to use it?
I keep trying this one and it's just as nasty as the last time I tried it on.  Smells like a syntheticly sweet plastic.  An assault on the senses.
THIS SCENT LASTS FOREVER AND A DAY! I had a spray in a shop and the initial very alcoholly blast put me off a little. After about 20 minutes it blends into a spicy vanilla scent. I personally struggled smelling any lavender or mint but there you go. I really don't see what the big fuss is with this fragrance. However, the sillage/projection/longevity cannot be faultered.

Music for a While opens with a brief blast of sharp citric bergamot before quickly transitioning to its heart.  As the composition reaches it early heart, the bergamot vacates, as a very strong rotting pineapple fruit accord joins slightly sweet, caramelized aromatic lavender as co-stars with rugged patchouli support.  During the late dry-down the composition stays relatively linear, as the rotting aspect of the pineapple recedes, leaving remnants of the pineapple and the now softened, sweetened caramelized lavender and patchouli the focus through the finish.  Projection is excellent, as is longevity at 11-12 hours on skin.

This composition is horrific smelling, and the worst perfume to date in a generally otherwise strong Editions de Parfums Frederic Malle stable.  I hate to be so blunt, but I honestly have no idea who Malle is trying to appeal to with Music for a While.  The rotting pineapple fruit accord has underlying elements of hard leather and even Oud to some degree...  It-doesn't-work-at-all. When coupled with the slightly off-kilter aromatic lavender that is not too far off from my (nightmarish) memory of a similar lavender used in the also horrific smelling Sunshine Man by Amouage, you have just about as bad a combination as possible (and let's not even get into the added sugary sweetness).  The odd lavender and rotting fruit will generally not appeal to fruity composition lovers as it is too off-putting for most of their tastes, vintage and classically structured perfume lovers like me will want to run a mile, the gourmand aspects are not gourmand enough to appeal to those fans, and sweetness-averse customers will also steer well-clear, only leaving oddball modern perfume fans who might be interested to some degree but will find other perfumes more appealing.  I wish I had something I could say that is positive about the composition, but even its excellent performance metrics in this case are a negative, as one wants the stench off their skin in record time; too bad Music for a While doesn't comply.  It truly saddens me that the master perfumer behind one of the best perfumes ever created in Polo, Carlos Benaim, has sunk to depths this low, even under Malle's usually stellar direction.  The bottom line is the $330 per 100ml bottle Music for a While is a failure on every level imaginable, appealing to seemingly no one, earning it a "poor" to "very poor" 1 to 1.5 stars out of 5, and as strong an avoid recommendation as I can muster.  "Torture for a While" is a more apt title to this fatally-flawed "composition."     

