Burberry London is probably one of the very few fragrances from this line to deserve some attention and, despite being far from what I generally consider a standout (probably a matter of personal tastes here), it's surely decent.

A bright citrus / yellow floral opening that's definitely modern and pretty nicely exectuted. On the other side though, it immediately shows a certain high-pitched quality that's typical of way too many mall type of fragrances. I'm generally a big fan of Antoine Maisondieu but I usually prefer his less mainstream stuff such as most of the fragrances he delivered for Etat Libre D'Orange. The fragrance then turns into a lavender-infused, sweet tobacco / amber base that could have easily been a whatever of the latest Dior famenines of a minor Chanel aimed at younger crowds.

All in all, this is a solidly done fragrance but neither as creative as Maisondieu can get nor particularly to my tastes. Ok.


I used to be a huge fan of this fragrance until not that long ago. Really enjoyed it last winter and also wore it during the warmer seasons. But as my experiences advanced and my personal fragrance arsenal expanded I have found this scent marginalized. The problem is that I have started picking up this slightly nauseating note in Burberry London that kinda ruined it for me. Not sure exactly what it is but it makes it difficult to tolerate this fragrance. This almost headache inducing property leads me to suspect that London is not the most "natural" composition out there. But there really shouldn't be any surprises in that regard, either... 
Decent fragrance.  Nothing groundbreaking IMO. A lot of cinnamon with  pepper and a touch of leather. OK fragrance. 6.5/10
Genre: Woody Oriental

London’s smooth, spicy opening develops into a sweet woody oriental accord, something akin to  Boucheron’s Jaïpur Homme or YSL's Body Kouros, but not as good. By that I mean the Boucheron’s and YSL's deeper, richer, more complex spiced vanilla- anise tonka bean accords leave London smelling scrawny, stingy, and artificial by comparison. (Especially so in Jaïpur’s EdP formula.) 

On top of that, London pretty much goes to pot in its early-arriving drydown, which is nondescript sweet vanillic woods. It’s adequate, but no more. I don’t smell half the notes in the scent pyramid above - no leather, no tobacco, no “port wine,” and certainly no moss – only mimosa (heliotropin), cinnamon, something vanillic, and weak opopanax

I understand why this is a popular scent: like Armani Code, Geir, or Platinum Egoïste, it smells pleasant and inoffensive. Fine if that’s what you’re after, but for more or less the same money, I’d go for something like Jaïpur Homme or Body Kouros. They pretty much do what London does, but at least twice as well. Wear London and you’ll smell “nice.” Wear Jaïpur Homme or Body Kouros and you’ll smell distinguished.

The initial blast of tobacco, lavender, bergamot and the a wine-note is very nice, but then, after about half an hour it disappears, very close to my skin, into a dull and generic base that lasts another ninety minutes or so.  Great start but then disappointing. 
As many others have said, fantastic scent with so-so projection and poor longevity. Scent is pretty much Christmas in a bottle - a woody (pine), tobacco scent that is especially great for colder weather. 10/10 for scent.

Unfortunately the projection isn't the best, and the longevity is downright bad - pretty much disappears within an hour or two. Really a shame given how lovely the scent is, but the only way to get any real mileage out of the scent is to reapply 5 or 6 times a day. Thumbs up for the scent, neutral on projection, thumbs down on longevity.....so everything taken together I'll go down the middle on this one. 

If they ever make even a 4-6 hour version with better projection, it'll be a thumbs way up.
Wish I could go either way with this one... Mad that it lasts for a couple minutes then doesn't exist anymore but I love those 8 to 10 minutes it lasts. C'mon Burberry make it last for 20 minutes at least...
Enjoyable scent, one of the best of the Burberry's I've tried but it doesn't last long at all.  2 hours as said above is about right for me too..  Very weak
This was a blind buy, and it smells great... but for some reason the opening smells a bit like tea, and I get a lot of spice. Like I said, it smells good, but it just isn't the type of thing I could love and wear all the time, especially because the longevity isn't great. Still, not a bad smell, some people love it, and for a good reason.
Few elements paint this pleasant but undistinguished fragrance, i mean first of all a citrus-lavender opening dynamic and almost bracing flanked by a masculine note of pepper lasting in time, elements  in a while fading towards a middle stage mastered by an heliotropic cinnamon-mimosa duo averagely mild and sharp than finally sliding on a bed of moss, powdery woods and smoky myrrh. The final smell is linear, talky and with a peppery and masculine undertone of tobacco. I absolutely don't detect the leather while the winey-citrusy-floral (almost feminine) vibe starts increasing with the running of the time. I agree with Off-Scenter, the smell is averagely pleasant, inoffensive but lacking of distinction, complexity, authority and classic allure. Mediocre scent in the same vein of Spicy Oriental Pecksniff's.
Very nice smelling fragrance for the fall and perhaps winter, but it lacks longevity and projection.  Unfortunately, my skin drinks this stuff up and the scent completely disappears after half an hour.  Such a shame.
smells great but personally I can not associate this smell with fragrance on a person. a little too gourmand I would say. 
I get cherry most of all. 

with that said, I would still wear this in winter.
Put this one on your skin and you will be basically saying to everybody: Hey, it's Christmas time!

Burberry London smells like pine tree mixed with spicy notes like cinnamon, and a hint of red wine. Very nice smell, but sadly it doesn't last. But this is not a thumbs down, I just wish it stays longer on my skin, since it is a pleasant smell all the way through.
It smells great for me, I mean, it ALMOST fits my personality because of the tobacco

Unfortunately, that was the best thing I could find in the store, and it proved not great as I thought, plainly because it does not last and has very poor projection...

I mean, I bought it hidden from my family, and I go around the house wearing it and NOONE notices, and noone EVER commented, but my girlfriend, and she only commented after hugging me and have her nose literally rubbed on it.
Nice smell , but I think there is too much hype with this fragrance.
As other reviewers say, this has a synthetic touch that annoys specially at the top and middle notes .
When it dries down is when this fragrance shows its good qualities.
The notes I feel the most are tobacco leaf, wine and pepper .
Longevity is better than average but projection is nearly absent, no one around you notes when you are wearing it.
Nice bottle covered in tweed. Not too expensive

Let's be neutral.
It's a nice smell, however, it can only be enjoyed in the cooler months.

Less is definitely more with this one as well.  If you spray more than 2 then you'll smell like cherry flavoured cough syrup.  But I recommend 1 spay to neck and 1 on the wrist and then tap the wrists to enjoy it to it's fullest.
Nice smell indeed.

But with such weak projection and longevity I really don't know when is the best time to use this scent...

Summer, and you smell like a Xmas tree. Winter and no one can really smell you!
There are basically two fragrances here.  One is the same that is in Cuba Red, which is dry, at least slightly synthetic, woody, and spicy.  The other is dominated by the "port wine" note.  The "problem" is that the port wine thing doesn't last that long, and you are left with Cuba Red, more or less.  This is why I can't give it a positive review (and also because it is at least slightly synthetic to my nose).  The Cuba Red type of thing lasts a long time, but with modest projection/"sillage."  I swapped mine off, but I kept a bottle of Cuba Red, though I don't wear it often, because of the big price difference.
I love this fragrance, I truly do.  However, when it comes to perfumes, one must also take into account other people's opinions.  I was given a big sample of Burberry London and I used it for a week.  I fell in love with the tobacco/wine note.  In fact, this rich sweet note reminds me of aromatic pipe tobacco which I find rather interesting.  I could not bring myself to buy BL though.  I only got bad comments on this EDT.  Someone told me that I smelled like I an empty bottle of cheap booze.  A French guy who works with me told me I smelled like "la goutte", which is an old home remedy for the cold, I think.  When I asked some friends what they thought of BL, the most positive comment I got was "Well, it sure is special" (in my book, this is a polite way to say:  "I don't care for it but, hey, it's none of my business!").  Anyway, I may buy a bottle just for my personal pleasure.  I could wear BL in the privacy of my own home without offending anyone.  Too bad...
 What seemed at first like a real contender of a fragrance turned out to be a great pretender. The sweet, jammy port with the tobacco, pepper, and leather is certainly classy in a delicious way and really the composition is original and refreshing. What ultimately prevented me from loving/buying London is the fact that it's got all the endurance of a doughnut enthusiast in a footrace. 
i loved this at first and thought i'd found a grail. then i got bored. most of my fragrance purchases seem to end up like this LOL! perhaps it is indeed better suited for the place it is named after but during the holidays it is nice to break this out once in awhile.
Burberry London is unique. It stands apart from the others. I finally got some after reading all the reviews and raves. I sprayed some on my wrist about an hour ago and it is beginning to settle down from the initial spritz. I do not perceive any Christmas trees, pine, or anything like that. As it settles down it comes across as very rich, and people are using the word "boozy," whatever that means, and I guess it is appropriate--like someone's warm breath who's been drinking sweet wine--so I suppose I am detecting the port wine note. It's a nice aroma--the port wine, that is--and I think I can detect the leather note, too. Hmmm, I just remembered an old fragrance I have called "Casual Friday," and London definitely reminds me of that fragrance. (I just found my bottle of Casual Friday and sprayed some on a tissue. It is indeed, similar). CF is not as deep and "boozy," but there are some similarities. Even now, almost an hour after initial application I can't detect much else. It's a pleasant fragrance, to be sure, and very sophisticated, so it would be appropriate for formal occasions and a night out on the town. It's extremely masculine, and hearkens back to men's fragrances of years gone by. I like it, and I'll wear it, but I don't think it will become a favorite. As a side note:  I find Burberry Brit (the ladies version) to be more spectacular than this. Although worlds apart in aroma and characteristics, Brit--used in moderation--could easily be worn by a man, and is a masterpiece of a scent, in my opinion. Forgive me for throwing that in, since it has nothing to do with London. I just have strong feelings about Brit, too. 
One of the better Burberry scents for men.  And that's probably because it emulates a true classic, that being Polo Green by Ralph Lauren.  The opening is a redo of Polo in a lighter version.  The mid to basenotes are okay, but all around sort of a disappointment.  This scent idea is better done in Polo Modern Reserve.  At the very end of its progression one is left with something akin to the scent of a bakery that specializes in cinnamon raisin bread.  I always pick the raisins out of my cinammon bread  and it's what I want to do with London.  I'll have to pass on this.
This scent was great from the initial blast through dry down and into the base notes. Unfortunately it faded just as fast.  On the plus, it never failed at gaining a complement as long as a lady was around within the first 1.5 - 2 hours.
London is actually a very nice scent--warm, woody, and somewhat gourmand--but it is not one that will always be in my collection.  The longevity is absolutely horrible.  I get around 2-3 hours maybe, but the sillage is nice for the first hour....
On my skin, the opening of London for Men is a port wine soaked cinnamon bun with coconut covered icing. It would be nice to eat, but I’m not sure I want to smell like this without having said bun in my hand.As time passes the sweetness eases and a little bit of wood arrives. The wood is always in soft focus, because the syrupiness of the port wine permeates everything.The dry down is the best part of London for Men. The tobacco is close to fresh cut leaf and blends better with the port wine than with any other note in the fragrance.If you’re up for booze and bakery, then London for Men might be just the thing, but if you are after real quality try Boucheron Jaipur pour Homme instead. Jaipur is richer, deeper, and clearer.
I associated Fahrenheit with notes of rich black pepper and violets, followed by mown grass.  Now, though the violets are still present, there is a haze of leather, sharp-smelling spices, and mustiness, that is volatile and not entirely enjoyable, but lends a certain radiance to things.  Memory can be unreliable, and perhaps it was senseless trying to recapture something in the past.  My old flame, I saw you only a few times in my life, and what I thought was there may have been imaginary.
Radically underwhelming. Not offensive, not bad, but was disappointed.
TAKE IT FROM ME:

I ran out of gas on the highway so I poured this into my fuel tank.

Just playing but yall know what I'm saying.

Them people on "My Strange Addiction" would love this cologne. .
I had this in the 1990's.  Nice for the time but it just didn't do it for me. I don't believe it smells dated just not my cup of tea. It's strong from the start and the fuel smell is a non starter for me. I do like the woody dry down but the opening is just a terrible experience for me. Overall neutral.
"You either love it or hate it." 

I guess you could put me in the hate it group. Not so much that I hate it, I just don't like the petroleum smell very much -- from the opening to the dry down. 

From the sample I have I understand why it's been around for so long and why people love it so much. Dior did an exceptional job on the bottle design and naming for this one, it matches the fragrance perfectly. For me anyways, the smell is just too much. 

If you're a fan of the petroleum smell, this one is definitely for you. It is a very masculine fragrance. 

Packaging: 9/10
Quality: 6.25/10
Scent: 2.5/10
Uniqueness: 8.5/10
Longevity: 7/10
Sillage: 6/10
Versatility: 7/10

Overall: 6.6
Smells exactly like a dirty lawnmower. Lasts no more than 3 hours. 
Fahrenheit…it's like a time capsule for me. It opens doors to my past every time I feel it.
But, because it has been drastically changed in the last years, these doors remain closed. The passing between leather and violet notes used to be very smooth and, in the end, everything was wrapped in warm feelings, like a nice sunset. Today, it rather reminds of a sunset after a long battle day, mixed with dust, smoke and blood, instead of a romantic day.

As you probably know, there's an amazing hydrocarbon note to this. To me it smells like tar on a wooden telegraph pole like the one in our garden when I was younger. In the heat of Summer, the protective tar coating used to melt and could be scraped off - Fahrenheit smells just like that to me. It is intoxicating, somehow outdoors, and bright.

It's really interesting, and I love to smell it when I'm wearing it, but not in an unequivocally good way. I like it because it's interesting, not necessarily because it smells good. In the same way as I might try to take a good smell of diesel on my hands even though I would rather it wasn't there.

It's too interesting for its own good to my nose. I could get pleasure out of wearing it, but I don't think I'd like to smell it on other people.
Nothing special. A bit spicy, minty and chemical vanilla. Great if you want some attention, would wear in winter.
A friend I've never missed...

Back in 1988 I was a poor student, and for your information, while the noun is long gone, the adjective still remains. So when I managed to save enough money and buy a gorgeous heavy woolen jacket, I was more than happy to take a long walk downtown and enjoy its comfort, warmth and quality. It was a couple of days before Christmas, and along with a blissful pixie who pretended to be my human girlfriend, we thought it would be a good idea to test some fragrances, and perhaps get a couple of free miniatures. I have to clarify to younger readers that back then most perfume samples were miniature bottles, and not the bland plain vials that they are nowadays. Truth be told, I was looking forward to return home and spray my new jacket with a generous dose of Davidoff by Davidoff, and turn it into my signature jacket soused in my then signature perfume. But what harm could a little window shopping do? So, I, armed with a brand new '80s jacket (which would be thought a curio today) and she, armed with the obligatory '80s perm, headed for the cosmetics stores.
Grave mistake...
A sales assistant who was lurking by the door and surely was a faster shooter than Billy the Kid, managed to shoot three huge sprays of something that nearly knocked me off my feet on my jacket, in less than a second. If she was holding a gun instead of a huge bottle of the most potent and fresh Fahrenheit ever imagined in her hands, I'd be dead before hitting the ground. And I have no doubts that had I tried to duck her attack, she wouldn't hesitate to spray me square in the face, if it had come her way.
I shook the impulse to strangle the harpy on the spot and search for a dry cleaner in the next 20 seconds, and proceeded with our perfume testing.
And then the horror begun...
For the next four months or so, every time I'd put my jacket on, I smelled like someone who was working in a car repair shop or a gas station, although if this was the case, I would be the swankest car repair shop or gas station employee ever.
And to add insult to injury, can you imagine what were the only miniatures that we were given in the end? Yeah, you got it right...
...
Fahrenheit is a heavy scent. A very heavy scent. And of course I'm not talking about its potence in aromatic terms only. Even though it's a prolific scorer in the fields of sillage and longevity (the vintage one at least), it's mainly a very serious player in the field that produces legend material.
I have to admit that Fahrenheit is an incomprehensible scent to me.
Peppery notes, but no pepper! Perhaps it's a dirty trick played by some strange reaction between leather and nutmeg. Since I can't point at any other notes and consider them the culprits for this elusive accord, these two have to be the ones responsible.
And then there's this strange, unique and unequalled (but not necessarily nice) accord, which I'm completely incompetent to decipher and therefore to describe it. Not in an satisfying degree at least.
But perhaps it's worth giving it a try.
Since my nose is no big deal, I rarely talk about notes in my reviews. However, Fahrenheit has kept me wondering since 1988 about this "What the hell am I smelling here Christian?" stuff.
The fragrance has three hesperidic notes (Is "hesperidic" a valid word? Internet has not decided yet, so I apologise in advance for the possible barbarism.)
Well, I don't smell them.
It also has five sweet flowery notes.
I don't smell them either.
So, according to their absence of prominence, none of this eight notes is directly responsible for Fahrenheit's distinctive and unforgettable drydown.
So what is it?
I say that it smells like gasoline soaked sandalwood, that someone was crazy enough to set it on fire, and then put the cinders in the inside pocket of an old leather jacket, which he then wears after the gym and without showering first.
And before extolling my imagination... I've done it...
But it just made the whole thing even trickier, because it added a slight cummin note, and cummin is not included in the scent's pyramid. So, what I finally got with my "analysis" was a hint of something that shouldn't be there at all. Very helping...
I could also say that it smells the way some old taxis used to smell back in the '70s, but maybe my mind is playing tricks, trying to place the leather and diesel/gasoline/kerosene/motor oil notes to a matching vessel. However, I can see some connection here, since I believe that if we ask ten people how the inside of a brand new or a very old car smells like, five of them will say that it smells of leather, the other five that it smells of fuel, and all ten of them that it smells of Fahrenheit.
But maybe it's these very same oddities about it, which render Fahrenheit one of the few instantly recognizable fragrances in my book.
I have no idea how the current formulation smells like, and to be honest I don't care. I don't love and I don't hate Fahrenheit. For me it's a perfect example of uniqueness and an unparalleled specimen of aweless perfumery, but I'm still unable to decide whether this example is a paragon or a byword, and whether Fahrenheit's universe and mine are any parallel at all. But my personal likings have nothing to do with the objective stature of the fragrance. Fahrenheit has become a cornerstone and a legend over the years, and it doesn't give a damn if I like it or not. It's just there, too busy being itself.
Pleasant enough sort of white floral-meets-grey musk scent which achieves an interesting balance of hot and cool. The effect doesn't last all too long, and the current version is far more flat than I'd like. The older vintage features a more pronounced honeysuckle, as juicy as they would allow before it interfered with the dry concept. Very pleasant for the first hour and a decent skin scent afterward. I love a well-made masculine floral but this won't suit everyone.
Early 90's date night. Sitting on a couch in a large open room, while you wait on the lady to finish getting ready. Your hands are clasp while you wait. You also have a mustache, and maybe a leather jacket on. It is acceptable because, hey, it's the 90's.
This is a scent that I can wear on occasion when im just tired of typical fragrances and want something that smells different. Ive worn this only a handful of times and each time Ive grown to appreciate and respect it more, but with that said its still not even close to being 1 of my go-to fragrances.

To me it smells outdated and has a dark,industrial,masculine vibe that is actual very well blended. I guess because im more of a fan of fresh,clean scents I dont fully appreciate but as a cologne collector I do respect the originality in this 1.

Its also a long lasting fragrance that will project pretty well :)
Fahrenheit by Dior	While I originally gave this fragrance high marks, but after a reformulation of the product which took into effect around 2011, I had to reduce the rating of this one. 	What used to be a grassy green fresh bright violet scent with a little bit of a gasoline smell is now a bergamot-leather headache, which to me is vomit inducing and not pleasant at all. 	This used to be one of my favorite fragrances, and it was a classic that endured for so long, but this reformulation wasn't just a slight change.  It was a dramatic change which took away everything I loved about the original. 	Try to find the vintage if you can, but otherwise, avoid this one at all costs.
thumbs up!! vintage vintage fahrenheit where are you? the new crap juice they make now days man...i hate it!!! sucks! but still amazing frag with personality not for the shy boys! amazing silage and longevity! 5 stars!!
ps: don't bother buying the new wateredown version of this frag...waisting your money! sorry DIOR, 
First of all I must confess to being a new nose to reviewing fragrances and have only recently developed a collection. Since starting my collection I’ve developed a distinct preference for Tom Ford’s scents.
When I sprayed Tuscan Leather on my skin for the first time I really didn’t like it. It smelled like very old dry leather without a hint of the fruit and spice it’s supposed to contain. To give it a real world description it was reminiscent of an old saddler’s museum with the old saddles and bridles on display.
However, a couple of hours later the stale oldness faded and a more distinct leathery and fruitiness remained.

Nothing special about this one. The opening smells like a taxi driver who wears an used leather jacket. All the notes are synthetic to the bone. 

After the dry down it is like the taxi driver sprays a cheap deodorant on his leather jacket and now he also smells like raspberry. Strange and illogical mix.

In the beginning this out blacks Bvlgari  black. Definitely gasoline oil rag auto shop smell. Drive down pretty fast, doesn't seem like it's got the legs that Italian cypress had. Just doesn't envelop you like that one.  I needed to put the whole sample on. 
Avg longevity and projection.
I'm torn.  I personally find it to be an interesting scent if a little overbearing.  My wife on the other hand hates it.  Her great aunt used to be a heavy smoker, so to my wife this smells like her aunt's car.  A mixture of stale smoke mixed with a mature feminine perfume? Do I want to smell like that? Probably not. Also, maybe it's me, but have any of these perfumers ever actually smelled leather? This does not smell like leather...
I loved this scent from the first spray... I tested in my skin and bought a 50ml bottle from 2016. For my bad luck the scent on my skin will last at top 4 hours and sillage almost none, projection about 2hours... maybe it is my nose but when I dont smell it on my skin is because it is not working... true shame...I tested again in different boutiques and it is the same...probably this 2016 batches are not good or it was reformulated...the smell of the first spray it is magic, classic what a true gentlemen should smell with a nice suit...
I have spent a fair amount of time in Tuscany (buying leathergoods!) but I have spent even more time in Los Angeles' Olvera Street, a historic bit of old, Spanish Los Angeles now largely catering to tourists although locals go there, too. The cobbled street is lined with stalls selling wonderful Mexican food as well as Mexican craft items like embroidered dresses, huarache sandals and tooled leather purses and belts. This is EXACTLY what Tuscan Leather smells like to me, the native leather goods in a Mexican street market. A raw, in your face leather. This is a great smell (to me) but is as far away from the Via Tornabuoni as carnitas is from Bistecca alla Fiorentina, or Diego Rivera from Cimabue. All excellent but worlds apart. I like this although I tend to prefer other leather scents.  With Tuscan Leather I get only a fleeting raspberry topnote.  Like all of Ford's private blends, this is strong and well made (as you would hope, for the price).
A dark and smoky leather based fragrance with touch of fruity notes to tune down that wild and angry leather note!
At the opening, when for spray it on your skin, you can smell dark and smoky leather note mixed with some tobacco and some sweet raspberry note.
The sweet raspberry note isn't that strong, but also it's not as weak as some people keep talking about.
It's there and you can easily smell it, but because of strong leather smell it's in the background.
It's a linear fragrance so do not expect too much change.
In the dry down smoky leather settle down just a bit and fruity raspberry note become a little stronger.
Very good projection and longevity.
Opens very sweet, with raspberry being the dominant note, but rapidly moves into a dirty leather note that is disconcerting to me, in one hand smells oily and dirty and on the other it smells like a freshly soaped horse saddle.  The raspberry note refuses to leave turning more and more into this fermented fruit juice notecreating an effect that is really weird to me.
After maybe half an hour the fermented raspberry starts fading slowly as is replaced by a faint burnt note that in combination with the oily note makes the leather smell more like an old, worn, beaten saddle that has been to the races too many times already, fortunately there is this spicy note in the background that saves the day, so the drydown is not that skunky after all.
It reminded me a horse stable and horse drawn carriage shop from my youth, the leather scent of the saddles, reins etc... together with the leather soap scent, the oily note like the axle grease and the smoky/burnt note from the forge for horseshoes, and the sweet and spicy notes coming from the kitchen next door.
This fragrance brings all that to my mind and as such I should consider it a masterpiece, besides, it really captures the essence  of leather like no other perfume I know, but the question is:  do I want to smell like THAT?.
Brilliant, but unwearable for me, maybe I'll spray the interior of my car with it, it has vinyl seats so everybody will think is real leather LOL
Sillage is nuclear so be careful when spraying it on you, and it lasts all day+.
Thumbs up as a creation, thumbs down for wearability, so it gets a neutral from me
A pleasant and nice scent indeed, as much leathery as tons of other contemporary leather-based scents (suederal-safraleine type), without any particular twist that let this stand alone in the crowd. Classy and refined for sure, in a rather safe and tamed down way though: "brownish", smoky, crisp and clean like a new pair of leather brogues. Not bad, actually rather pleasant, just a bit overpriced for the quality. And in fact there's quite some cheaper alternatives which do the same job: Godolphin by Parfums de Marly, Golden Boy by Dueto for instance.

6,5-7/10
Disappointing	Top: Leather 	Middle: Leather and Hashish 	Base: Black Orchid
Very strong and bitter. I can't stand that much leather and find pointless anyway. For the admirers of the genre, it can be OK with its potency and sillage but I think the leather lovers already  know some other fine  leather fragrances much more cheaper than this one.
70% Leather, 20% Raspberry, 10% Spicy/Floral notes

Smells very nice, but overexposure causes headache, and you need to be in the mood for it

Quality notes, great projection and longevity.

Lacks versatility and cannot be a day to day scent.

For collectors and basenoters only, but not for the casual consumer.

Price tag will not be worth it for most, but for those who do want a quality leather frag

Don't blind buy this, but sample it if you want something a little challenging.

A slight disappointment...

I really enjoyed the raw smoky, leathery aroma -- whilst it lasted.

On me the longevity was shockingly poor, only about 4 hours :-(
This is not a unisex fragrance.  This is leather.  I should have guessed by the name, but I expected there to be more than just... leather; I don't know why I thought there would be.
I normally like leather scents, and I can see what Tom Ford was trying to do with this, this stuff has a very strong smell of leather saddle soap, which I'm sure would drive a certain type of lady wild.

unfortunately on me this stuff smells exactly like a wet ashtray, it seriously stinks of cigarette ash, combined with the loud raspberry note above, it turns very unpleasant, I had to scrub it off immediately. 

Sillage and projection is strong
I wanted to give this a thumbs up because a buddy of mine let me try a sample he had and it smelled great. The longevity was perfect and it was a winner. When I went to Saks, the juice from the tester was not as good as the sample I remembered trying. The prices are a little too high for these Tom Ford private blend colognes.$100 maybe, $200 crazy!
This smells like the shiny, taut leather interior of a new car. Some claim to detect a cocaine note; I'm far too angelic to be able to comment. There is the dusty waft of thyme though, which I wish had been amplified, and the hint of cigarette stubs. But all this is moot: Tuscan Leather is wrecked on the teeth of an unnaturally sweet raspberry note that refuses to perish and whose inclusion I find utterly bizarre. 

Today I smelled this scent and was inspired to post my review on Basenotes for the very first time.  So, let's dive in.  

It has been said that scent invokes memories and Tom Ford's Tuscan Leather most certainly did with me.  Growing up around horses, this juice took me back to my childhood where part of my choirs was cleaning the leather saddles and gear.  I would use a glycerin soap which had a honey and lemon fragrance.  The leather saddles were stored in a closet in our barn until their next use.

Tuscan Leather reminds me of those dry evenings in September when I would enter the barn and open the saddle closet.  The first and most obvious scent is clean, worn leather with a edge of honey (more like beeswax).  But there is a secondary scent of the closet itself.  A dry woody smell that is similar to old, dry pine planks (not sap or leaves or cones but the wood itself).  Over time, a sweet note appears that invokes juicy fruit gum (ylang ylang perhaps?).  Yet the leather never disappears.

I sprayed this juice on my arm at Saks as a test.  Perhaps it is because as a man, my collection consist of EdT or EdC; but the Eau de Parfume took my olfactory to a new level.  I could not escape the scent, nor did I want to.  Instead, I tried to discover something around the house that would compare.  I smelled every leather object from jackets to wallets but nothing truly resembled the juice.  Tuscan Leather is the way we expect leather to smell; rich, comforting, warm, and aged.  

I rank the Parfume as a neutral because I cannot think of many times or places to wear it.  I live in the subtropics and this scent is out of place.  Ford's Tuscan Leather belongs to cool nights and autumn leaves.  But for anyone who loves the scent of leather and has the right environment for it, this is definitely the scent for you.  

An initial  aggressive gasoline impression with only a hint of berry gives way to a plain leather note that eventually is a bit more straightforward than other leather frags like e.g. the Knize version.  It remains monotone without much further change.  Not a bad scent, but betraying that it is mass-produced and lacking some depth and nuances.  Nonetheless a good leather note, and a nice addition to the menu of leather fragrances available, albeit no real competition for Creed's and  Knize's leather creations.   Good longevity of about 3-4 hours. Overpriced.  Try first. 
Opens with a tropical fruitiness which is a combination of smooth sweetened lemon and bergamot sharpened with a spritz of blackcurrant. I can see how this accord is reminiscent of pineapple, but for the Aventus lovers out there, it isn’t obviously pineapple and there is no smokiness whatsoever. It then has white florals as a bridge to the smooth woody/musk base.

Too be honest... despite already getting compliments on it... it’s not really my thing. I feel like I have betrayed the niche gods by dabbling in the dark designer arts.

Recommended for niche lovers looking for something more designer, generic leaning and socially acceptable, when Muscs Koublai Khan or Fumerie Turque isn’t appropriate.
Odd that I just happened to review Aventus today as well, as it was completely unplanned and next in my rotation to review. Serendipitous!

Spicy citrus-cedar-the bergamont comes through, as does the lemon. The lemon does smell very synthetic to my tastes. Unlike Aventus, which smells very natural throughout, this has a strong artificial element to it which I, unfortunately, do not care for. There is little sweetness here: almost undetectable currant that is very faint. I don't find that this projects anymore than Aventus, nor do I find it any more long lasting: very similar in their duration and action.  I'm not sure I'd say I care for one more than the other: would I trade a synthetic lemon-cedar scent with a woody base to town down the sweetness, or a cloyingly sweet but natural smoky pineapple fragrance? Either way, I find them both above average. Although they may be used for similar situations, they are different scents altogether.

Linear, perfectly acceptable summer fragrance that is probably (definitely) more expensive than it should be. Very forgettable, but not something you'll regret wearing.

6/10




It starts with a pungent blast of fruity pebbles as opposed to the pineapple, apple, and bergamot.  Aventus birch is traded for an application of cedar, becoming a bit more astringent than smoky.  Lasts a bit longer than its competition.  To me, this gives the same impression as Aventus.  I could see using them interchangeably, in similar situations.  But, it is a different scent altogether, and not a clone.  
Fruity, woody, musky. 

Cedrat Boise is a fresh fruity fragrance, with the emphasis on fruits. It's a basket of fruits, and you can sense lemon, pineapple and blackcurrant, while there is only a hint of florals. The fruits are supported by a conventional woody note that smells of cedar, and hints of musk. It is not leathery to me, and is quite linear from start to finish. I find that here the fruity notes together with musk create a strange accord, somewhat synthetic, that I do not quite like. I usually don't enjoy fruity fragrances, but this is well balanced. 

This is often compared to Aventus, but Aventus has more prominent pineapple, and is distinctly smokier and leathery. Cedrat Boise has none of those attributes. Compared to Aventus, Cedrat Boise has persistent noticeable projection, good sillage and lasts more on skin. However, in this style my clear favourite is Morning Chess by Vilhelm Parfumerie. The fruity aspect of Cedrat Boise also reminds me a bit of Minotaure.

Overall a nice but unremarkable fresh fruity-woody composition with mainstream appeal. 

2.5/5 
My Mancera sample must be off because I get a very smoky Aventus vibe from Cedrat Boise. It actually reminds me of Glenn Peri Unpredictable Adventure. I still get plenty of lemony-fruits in the top notes but it’s all very smoky. This lasts for about 4-5 hours.  Later, it’s a creamy, sweet woods scent. Something in it reminded me of the drydown in F Black. My sample must be off. 

Projection is pretty good while the top notes are still going. The whole thing lasts about 8-9 hours on me. 

Update: Own a full bottle now and this is much more fresh and pleasing. The opening isn’t as smokey as I remember but it’s still a little smokey, dry and sharp. The drydown is a very pleasant and attractive clean, woody, masculine scent that has me repeatedly smelling where I sprayed on my arm because I just don’t remember it smelling this clean and fresh. Still very good performance even with only a couple sprays, which may be the key to making this so fresh and clean. 
Strikes me as reasonably different from Aventus / CDNI but similarly fruity; the blackberry I suppose, its sweetness not overdone. The opening is all about lemon. The drydown lacks the birchy interest of Aventus / CDNI. I'll stick with CDNI.
A little fruity, sweet and creamy (I guess from some vanilla). I get almost an orange cream pop vibe or something from it. 
Brand new shoe or suede leather jacket smell, together with something fresh and tart from the plant kingdom. I do not perceive the raspberry note others have mentioned; it is more green, like crushed raspberry leaf maybe. The two notes do not mesh at all, but switch back and forth and you can tell them apart very easily. Also a very synthetic impression. Oh, and an utterly offensive price tag. Get out of here.
It’s a soft leather (only) with a blue feel. I don’t see anything original or innovative enough for it to be interesting or more attractive than any other fragrance. I can appreciate its quality though. 
A diluted Tuscan Leather with the raspberry note toned down, and some vague floral notes added. Strangely, I do not find it particularly leather-y, maybe because it feels watered down. The accord is moderately satisfying, but is too meek, and doesn't hold up well for long on my skin - it fades in about a couple of hours. It is linear, in the usual Tom Ford style. Stylistically it is in the same vein as Tuscan Leather or Acqua di Parma Colonia Leather, but those two are much superior. 

This is the same as Ombre Leather 16 to my nose. Honestly it seems that much of the fanfare about this fragrance is because it is the same as Ombre Leather 16 (a diluted spin on Tuscan Leather, and Tuscan Leather is too strong for some) at about two-thirds of the price. There are dozens of better leather perfumes at lower prices, including the Acqua di Parma which can be had for less. 

2.5/5
Part of me wants to like Tom Ford colognes: one of the reasons I'm writing these reviews is because of my love for Tobacco Vanille years ago. There are aspects of his fragrances that really draw me to them, and I hold out faith that his aesthetic of refinement could ultimately lead me to something substantial in my collection. Then there is the part of me that wonders why I keep setting high expectations for fragrances that rarely last more than 5 hours on my skin, which is once again the case for Ombre Leather.

The floral notes are well done, softening the stringent synthetic blast of leather on first use: not altogether unlike Tuscan Leather but without as much raspberry and a good deal more cardamom. The leather scent is strong-a cold and methodical leather. Drydown is straightforward, becoming a soft, spicy leather as the hours progress. Not many hours, however: it becomes a skin scent after 4-5 hours. As usual. I would squarely put this fragrance in the realm of unisex.

I enjoy it more than Tuscan Leather, I'll say that. If the drydown was more interesting and there was more depth this may be a thumbs up, as you'd be getting something quite interesting for a brief period of time. It's a fine scent, the below average longevity and sillage again make question how many more times I'm going to spend this much money to get disappointed.

6/10
Sugary bubblegum sweetness. I can see the appeal and if I was 21 again I would most probably wear it. They say females like this one and can understand why. Being the wrong side of 40 it will be a pass from me.
Boring.For the masses.Non existent personality. Just OK. If you want to smell like one million (at least) other people then this is for you. Is it not  why they named that way ? Overall 6/10

Got a sample on a card the other day. It's just okay. A bit too feminine for me. Smells like a softer Versace Dreamer. Lasts a long time though and is consistent throughout its wear.
It took me quite a while to try this one. Neither though because of its popularity, nor because of its controversy. I simply did not know about it and about either as I did not have time to focus too much on fragrances at the time that it launched. I have since experienced it over the course of several wearings and two previous paper strip tests.
Initially I did indeed notice what is referred to as bubblegum and not only dit it not bother me, it seemed interesting in an unusual and refreshing way and I may have appreciated for it to be incorporated further into its composition. It is a relatively dense fragrance and while it may not have an obvious complexity, it seems to have the ability to embrace the wearer and to make them feel comfortable and welcome. If you think about it, this might in itself be an intricacy of sorts. In addition, the scent could be seen as an attempt at an abstraction of the material and colour of gold. I did not find the scent itself to be unbearably sweet nor pretentious. It seems more likely that the name, the flakon and the mindsets of some of the individuals who used it contributed to the latter association. Having mentioned the flakon, it tended to be impractical to hold and use while the sprayer itself seemed adequate.
The isolated orange or grapefruit note for some reason reminded me of a comparable note in an Armanian code, the theme of the material all the while brought to mind a feminine, a female marketed, fan of Fendi and the impression of nail polish and a Black Forrest cake cherry acidity which lead to the imagining of a scene on a dark leather sofa respectively and the wearing of tight leather leggings with horizontal cuts in the prosperous lobby of a hotel late into the night with a drink of gloomy alcohol from the connected bar which I happened to have experienced from one of these rectangular, welded sample packages which may have been slightly leaking within a heap of other samples. There seems to be a certain resistance towards sweeter respectively oppulent fragrances marketed to men, assumably because they could be mistaken for fragrances marketed to women and because they would perhaps represent a threat to the debatable notion that such compositions are intended for women and that is for women luring in men.
After some time has passed and after also having overapplied the fragrance, I notice that its relative linearity respectively that a kind of plainness as well as a certain sourness can become respectively have become issues for me. The former represents an issue with a reach beyond this fragrance, as I believe that fragrances with an elaborate complexity must remain affordable instead of continuing to steer towards absurdity aspects such as inaffordability and inavailability.
When I first bought this, I loved it, I loved it from start to finish, and I have even gotten many compliments on it.

Then I started to make DIY cologne, I learned to identify many different types of scents. And in the process of making my own cologne, I trained my nose to be able to identify and smell a wider range of scents.

Now that I've increased my smell capabilities, it smells okay at best. Very artificial. Far to strong on some notes.

To an untrained nose, this is an excellent fragrance. But don't wear it around someone that is trained in perfumery, because it does not smell like it's worth the price.
It's not a terrible scent but intensely sweet. I've seen girls trying this on at department stores because they like the way it smells - that tells you everything. Yes, it smells like candy but I have to admit I love the warm, spicy opening. The dry down can be sickening. Let's cut to the chase - we all know what this is for. PR 1 Million is a loud fragrance you put on to get noticed by girls. Although I would never wear this fragrance, it does the job for a night out. It is completely juvenile (can't see any guy over 30 reaching for this) and everyone know this scent because of it's popularity. Most counters will tell you, this is a top seller - what does that say about our taste! I must say, performance is beast mode! Why can't other designer fragrances perform like this? This is EDP+!   
To me it smells like a chocolate orange marinated in sunny delight for a year. Curious smell that takes a while fr the synthetic cheap top notes to go away.
1 Million is a contemporary, synthetic, cheap and conventional “trendy leather scent”, quite plastic and light too, which is anyway overall honestly better than I expected by reading the reviews. It’s basically a sort of “all-rounder” scent which tries – and actually manages – to smell good for everything: fresh enough for the gym, safe enough for the office, trendy enough for the club, generic enough for the Post Office, and so on. Most of all, nice enough for the target it’s clearly aimed at – which is surely not the most refined gentlemen on Earth. The composition is quite simple: citrus head notes, a suederal base recreating a light, mellow suedeish note – clean and generically “modern” like in dozens of other contemporary leather scents – some canonical floral counterparts (violet, or rose), woods and patchouli to enhance the “darker” and drier side of leather, spices. As I said, all smelling quite dull, trendy and plain, with the texture and the quality of a car freshener. Still... well, I can’t really hate this. Mostly because it’s clearly, openly, and *honestly* aimed at a precise target, which *likes* and wants this kind of scents – a type of audience which basically wants a decent-smelling thing  good for any situation, and possibly generic enough to look cool and à-la-page (which for some people, means “conform to and like what other people like”). 
With so much pretentious niche that smells like this and costs three times this, pretending to be “luxury” or “sophisticated” ... you know what? That is what I hate – the pretentiousness, the fraud. While as much crap it may be, 1 Million’s fine for me, because at least it does not look pretentious (I mean, look at that hideous bottle... it’s so kitsch I want to hug it!). I always try to consider scents both “per se” and in perspective relating them to pretenses, price, target and so on. And while per se 1 Million is undoubtedly far below good (although – crucify me – it smells nice to me) if we relate to its actual raison d’etre, this is a respectable product which is aimed at the right targets – people whom you wouldn’t suggest to wear Monsieur de Givenchy or Guerlain’s Derby to. As much as you wouldn’t suggest a bespoke Corneliani suit to people which wear Topman sweaters (and you surely don’t blame Topman for not being so quality and class as Corneliani). For me, the problem of perfumery is not Rabanne or other hundreds of crap scents which, in a way, clearly “look” crap even from the bottle – the problem is the intolerable pretentiousness of brands pretending to look better than they are, and people feeding them by paying ridiculous amount of money for this same quality of Rabanne. 1 Million is so openly, unambiguously, honestly tacky I can’t really blame it for nothing (plus, as I said – crucify me again – it smells better than expected). And I’m fine with that (not that anyone should care). 

6/10
I didn't want to like this stuff.  Yeah I admit I'm a little snooty, but that wasn't the reason. The real Paco Rabanne was my first purchase ever and I still think it's great stuff.  I think it's because of the money-worshiping name and crass marketing.  (For the record, I also think Roja Dove's ludicrous prices are a crass appeal to money-worshippers.  But Dove has exquisite skill and taste.)

And the fact is I really don't like 1M very much.  But there are a couple of nice parts.  The blood orange early on is very nice.  When the coconut comes up it makes a nice naranjo-colada.  If you are a high school or college kid this might be a benefit because it will remind the girls you are interested in of their recent pubescence when they adored candy-shop smells.  Whether this inspires them to play dress-up or dress-down is for you to tease out on your own. 

After those parts comes a suffocating cedar-paneled sauna of steaming cinnamon, underlaid with a cheap, cheap sweet floral.  Cloying and claustrophobic. At this point it became a scrubber.
Some days its good, others day, I put it on take a whiff and throw up cause it sometimes becomes bubble gum with some spice at the end. Idk, but when it smells good, it really works nicely.
Bazzoka joe musk If type two diabetes had a smell, I think this is it. I hate to admit it, but I feel like 1 million has just that many things wrong with it. It is the official smell anthem for the "me" generation with how much it stands out. This is not really putting the "b" in subtle here folks. It screams "I'm 18, I paid 60 bucks for this t-shirt, I'm drunk, and I don't really love you". So if that's what you are going for, you're in luck because we found your scent.Pros: It is an introductory to the world of cologneCons: Everything
When i first got my nose on 1 million, it was ok..

Second try and err, it was just way too sweet.

Im going neutral on this fragrance mainly cos i dont completely hate as it didnt offend me, but dont really think i would want to wear it.

meh...
This is bubblegum.  Double-bubble, specifically.  Not for me.
This is about as synthetic candy-sweet as it gets. A touch of citrus and mint to start off, a bit of spice and patchouli thrown in, not very well balanced or convincingly blended.  Outstanding, however, aside from the good silage and projection,  on my skin is the monster longevity of twelve hours. 

 At first sniff this was a very unique scent, not particularly masculine, but very different from all the fresh aquatic scents that have come out over the past few years. I definitely picked up on the rose note as it began to dry down, but not so much with the leather note. I tried it on for myself and loved the top and middle notes, but  when it came to the base it smelled just like pencil shavings on me. 
 If mixed with the right chemistry I could see 1 Million as an amazing fragrance, just not on me. It is a distinct fragrance, I could pick Million out on a blind sniff, but it's not for me.
didn't mind the intial first few minutes until it got too sweet.  not my cup of tea, but the i do like the bottle. very cool i must admit
I get the cotton candy / juicyfruit sweetness at the start with some cinnamon. When it settles down on me, it is predominately spice and musk, with a hint of the sweetness in the background...and that there lies the problem. Too much musk and spice. If they dropped the musk back a bit and increased the sweetness on the dry down then this would be perfect. As it is, its just average.   
I love it! Especially opening. Unfortunately it's so popular, that you won't find living human being, who don't know what 1 million is, what it smells like and how it looks like. Too many people wear it. If you want to smell decent and OK, then go for it!

Rating would be positive if not the popularity.
This is a great one if you want to smell like cotton candy. I am not meaning that in a bad way, but it just isn't for me. I don't find any complexity in it, just sugary with a powder vanilla dry down. 
Great bottle - if you're a teenage boy who wants to swank about in the bathroom. Great silage and longevity - if you're a teenage boy who wants everyone to know that he's just started shaving. Great advert - if you're a teenage boy who likes the idea of blinging it up. Great opening - not just for teenage boys - the blood orange smelled like mandarin jelly to me - delicious. Vile drydown - great for a teenage boy who wants his friends to know he's wearing 1 Million - but for everyone else it's an invitation to a migraine.  Whatever White woods are meant to smell like, they seem to occur in every budget or copycat fragrance and have the tenacity of a cockroach. 

Postscript: 5 days later, the cuff of my jacket still reeks from two sprays of a tester. 
I am really in two or even multiple minds on this one.  Had a test spray on a strip last summer, liked it enough to spray some on me. Lovely, and not like anything else in my wardrobe. I read all the blurb, info and reviews,  and added it to my birthday wish list.  Hmm. Be careful what you wish for. Like a summer romance that fades once back in the real world, I wonder if I'd mixed up the scents I tried that August afternoon in Brighton. Or maybe the air is different in the South West. 
This smells gorgeous on the dry down, but the couple of hours to get there? A heavy traffic journey in an overheated car with a fractious under- 4 screaming "are we there yet?" Way too intense.
I have to be really careful not to apply more than 2 sprays, or I get burning eyes, instant head ache and can barely breathe. Aldehydes? But my skin always absorbs fragrance very fast, so I have to apply at least 4 sprays to get it to last over two hours.  Ok; so a smart exit from the bathroom away from the fog of choking scent, and the first strikingly good and weird stuff starts happening within 10 minutes. A huge burst of cut lemons right next to a smoking wood fire, without any blending of the two. They are absolutely distinct in a way I've not experienced in any other scent. So good, yet so scary. This perfume is taking no prisoners. Something dirty-sexy bleeds through  about half an hour later, it's very animalic at this point, bordering on the unpleasant, and I hate it.  This feels far too strong to be on me at all, and definitely not out in public, but by then, I'm leaving the house, so too late to back out. 
However,....I can't stop sniffing my arms. After an hour the lemons and smoke and dirt have come together to make a truce, and an uneasy peace is agreed. Some days the ceasefire holds and I love wearing this,it's earthy, smoked-lemony and gorgeous. Some days though there are  nasty skirmishes and the smell remains over-strong, unblended, raw and industrial. 
Some fragrances can only be worn when I am in the right mood for them,(such as Cliquat de Lancome or Ivoire de Balmain), and that always works. The problem I have with Shalimar, is that I can't guess whether its going to be a day of war or peace- the scent reaction to  my skin seems to be completely out of my control. Mood doesn't affect her. Overall a bit of a loose cannon. When she was good, she was very, very good; and when she was bad, she was horrid.    
I had the chance to test Shalimar EDP (current version), Shalimar parfum de toilette, Shalimar Souffle de Parfum and buy a 70s vintage version Shalimar, the first version of Ode à la Vanille, sur la Route de Madagascar and sur la Route du Mexique. 

The current Shalimar EDP was a bit disappointing. A lot of bergamot with some cardamom and then a powdery rose (almost itchy). Then it settles down finally but doesn't give a good sillage. What's funny is that it smells different if you smell it one cm away from another spot. 

Shalimar from the 70s is so much better. Both softer and spicier, with an amber, cashmere feel. You get the bergamot and the rose, but nothing is too strong. 

Parfum de toilette (mine is from 93) is even softer but powerful with more powdery vanilla. Less “itchy” bergamot and rose. 


Souffle de parfum shouldn't be compared. This is not Shalimar, don't expect Shalimar. There are some common notes, especially if you wear vintage Shalimar on the other wrist. But it's very good on its own! A wonderful floral with some spices and a gourmand dry-down. I'm happy I randomly got a sample of this and I hope I'll get a full bottle. Sillage could be better, though.

The original Ode à la Vanille opens in a very bitter way. It's balsamic. Then it goes towards a powdery bergamot. The acid vanilla comes later. It's a bit sweeter than the vintage Shalimar but quite similar in the dry down. It also has more fruit. 

Sur la Route de Madagascar shares a lot of notes as well, but it's more floral than fruity. It's more animalistic. Dirtier in a very sexy way. It has more vanilla than the others as well. 

Sur la Route du Mexique opens with more pepper. It's something between rhum and gin, with spices. It might have a more itchy, synthetic feel for me.

Note that the three bottles are exactly the same. You've got to keep the boxes to differentiate them. 

The opening of all those Shalimar, except for souffle de parfum, is the biggest difference. The more they dry, the most similar they get. 

Beautifully put together, it opens with caramel and musk. Flowery notes come in after. This fragrance is /strong/. But it's a little bit of an acquired taste, and not for me. It's all at once too sweet for me, while also not leathery enough. 
I'm told that what I'm smelling here is a recent EdP. 

Shalimar is usually instantly recognizable; a cavalcade of notes that somehow manage to synchronize perfectly. But versions of this scent tend to vary quite a bit, and in this particular one there’s a medicinal, metallic effect that cuts through the standard citrus to meet with a powdery vanilla, producing what I'd describe as redolent of effervescent candy. It reminds me a little bit of sherbet lemons—the same candied sweetness that walks a fine line between sour and sugary, only here the sour notes are rendered in a more industrial, disinfectant style.

What’s strange about this version, though, is that it doesn’t bear much of a connection to the Shalimar that I’m more familiar with—that civet-y, marzipan-style scent that’s top loaded with crisp citrus notes. This version is gaunt by comparison, and seems to veer more towards clinical sterility than confection. I don’t dislike it (I actually don’t like Shalimar very much, so this might even be a step-up for me), but I’m not entirely clear what its aiming for or how this version wandered so far away from the original fragrance.
On good days, this smells like vanilla-flavored smoke and leather. On bad days, it smells like bug spray. 

That said, I'll always have a bottle with me, because there's a disturbing beauty to it, and as an oriental, it smells so completely different from any of the edible, dessert-like fragrances being classed in the same category today. (Not that I don't enjoy those.)

I can't say why but to me, Shalimar smells like it contains a tarry leather note. There's a deliberate "dirtiness" to it that makes it more raunchy than romantic, and I definitely need to be in the right mood to enjoy it.
i have the reformulated version from 2011....and must say its a big dissapointment...
 but on the original parfume i can say its the best idea behind any female parfume, combination of citrusy-bergamot and vanilla-amber, incense notes....all the best i like, so feminine and powdery and so special, creme brulle :), and not so many parfumes that play with simmilar notes
thats what i want and thats what its worth having, but not when they put reformulations and think people who buy shalimar wont notice it? ...becasue if it smelled like this before i am sure it would not be such a popular scent, this 2011 version  resembles too much to dior homme, its more of a hay and less of smoky creme brulle. but ok will survive it :)

EDIT:i could not survive it so i sold it and managed to buy EDT vintage, it smells like real icon now! its not so sharp, offensive, citrus layed over hay, but its cremme brulle, i finally get the vanilla!! which i could not findin new EDP,  its like hearing a song from the mouth of a man and a robot, this is the difference for me between vintage and modern perfume, they want to speak the same words but cant reach my heart, amazing experience for me to see how these things do matter!! and reformulations are bad thing!
First try with this, strong oriental vibe, loved the bergamot but it faded quickly. Liked the scent overall. I totally missed the iris, but my husband thought it smelled like "baby powder". Interesting spicy tone in a nice soft vanilla base. 

I will try this one again, but kind of disappointed so far.

***Update 10/15/11***
Maybe my first trial was a stale sample, this time is much nicer! Now I pick up the iris notes as well, that's part of the powder I think. Husband likes it better this time, too.

***Update 09/25/16***
Not in love. At all. The first hour or two is interesting, then it dissolves into sugary-powder. It seriously smells like candy on my skin. Lasts all day, too. I think I'll be swapping this one...

Shalimar has always confused me.  Two women I knew in the 1970's wore it, and it smelled quite different on each, so I never could find it's identity.  Last year i purchased a brand new bottle and sprayed it on.  The top notes were lovely, but the drydown was pure coumarin or some coumarin substitute.  Sadly, coumarin becomes quite bitter and uncomfortable on my skin but lasts forever.  I tried it a few more times with the same results.  Shalimar was moved to the back of the cabinet.
Two months ago I found a mystery bottle of Guerlain for sale.  It had no label but was the familiar round bottle with the crystal stopper and was quite affordable.  I snatched it up and dabbed it on.  The top notes had gone off but what followed was heavenly.  I guessed that it might have been Shalimar, but with no label it was merely guessing. Whatever it was, it was so different from the current Shalimar.
Today I received another bottle (round bottle w/ crystal stopper) off the internet, this one with a label.  Definitely Shalimar.  I dabbed both bottles on my wrists, and they are identical and wonderful.  Full, rich and delicious.  Totally Guerlain.
So.  How do I rate this perfume that smells so amazing in it's vintage incarnation and so painful in it's current state?  I'm afraid it will have to be neutral for now.
This was always a 100% thumbs up for me (yes, I'm from NYC and was part of that initial Santal 33 craze) that I am now moving to neutral. It feels like the formulation has changed and the performance is weaker than previous.

Some of the great sandalwood is still there and it still gets praise from myself and others but I can't justify it based on the price.
The name "Santal" gave me the impression that this one would be a nice, creamy sandalwood. And I can't help but think about Creed's wonderful Original Santal, a favorite in my collection.

Santal 33 by Le Labo is an experimental concoction that is  leathery, with some bright woodiness (the papyrus) mixed with musk.  Very confusing, but it is what it is.  Not a bad smell overall though, but not what I'd call a classic sandalwood scent per se.  A so-so piece that avant garde types might take to more than I could!

Out of curiosity, I stopped by the Le Labo counter at Nordstrom to pick up a sample of this. To me, it's definitely more on the feminine side. The initial burst is very nice and refreshing, but the drydown ends up being more floral than leather.
I get mostly smokey wood, leather, and pine cones.  Smells like the old wood floors and furniture in a colonial house.  Has some shared traits with SJP Stash, another unisex fragrance. I also agree with the comparisons to Quorum Silver but that one has less smoke and is more fresh.

Projection is very good and persistent. Longevity is also very good, 8-10 hours. 

Famously the “signature scent” of thousands of young professionals and hipsters in certain areas of New York city, Santal 33 by Le Labo has become a bit of a design cliché as of late – the olfactory equivalent of the Barcelona chair or the man bun. But just because everyone is wearing it doesn’t make it a bad fragrance. In fact, it’s pretty great, especially if you park your expectations at the door.

For one thing, despite the name, I find this to be a predominantly leather-focused scent, with a salty, green cucumberish quality that is almost aquatic. It opens with a powerful blast of chemical violet, sea salt, leather, and that aqueous herbal element, making me think each time of salty vetivers like Fleur de Sel by Miller Harris and Sea Foam by Art de Parfum.

But focusing too closely on the individual elements is of little use here, because the total effect is so forceful that you just have to give yourself over for the ride. Santal 33 is intensely masculine: full of raw, oily leather and balsam, it makes me think of a lifestyle concept store – one of those cavernous, white empty studio spaces where they place a tangle of parched white driftwood in one corner and a lone leather couch in the other.

Much later on, in the far drydown, there is the green aroma of dried coconut husks, raw and brusquely woody, and it is only then I see the reference to (Australian) sandalwood. But, in general, this is dry and woody-leathery, not lactonic or sweet.

Whenever I wear Santal 33, I am reminded of that craze for “shabby chic” that was so popular for most of the last ten years, because there is something very deliberately “antiqued” about the scent, like a modern wooden chair exposed to salty sea air to force-age it, whitewashed, and then distressed to give it the patina of age. It’s totally faux – but somehow the “fauxness” of it all becomes part of the appeal.

It reminds me of books, too. In particular in the raw, harsh chemical breeze of salt and Iso E Super whitewashing the grain of the scent, which ultimately comes off as a combination of freshly-tanned leather and newly-printed paper. It is an industrial book smell, one that belongs more to an Amazon warehouse or a newspaper printing room than a library or old book store.

But it’s also totally hipster and lifestyle-ish, with a high-gloss finish that is somewhat at odds with the raw, salty leather underneath. One of my favorite reviewers, Diamondflame, said it best when he called Santal 33 “a cross between the scent of a freshly printed lifestyle magazine and the interiors of a luxury leather goods shop.”


Santal 33 is a very thorough expression of sandalwood.  It smells of woods, woods, and more woods, without being a woody oriental or a woody fougere or something more hybridized.  In that respect, it smells very natural, not like a personal fragrance at all but rather, a smell of nature, found in nature.  As has been the case with most of the Le Labos I've tried, projection and longevity are pretty good, even for an EDP.

I don't detect the floral notes--I get mostly sandalwood and cedar with a hint of leather.  Santal 33 is intriguing but it is not flattering on me---it leans a little bit too much toward balsa and smelling like a Home Depot or Lowe's.  I can begin to comprehend how widely popular this is due to how basic and natural it smells, but it just seems to be lacking refinement and something more, at least at the Le Labo price point. An interesting try, but for me, not a buy.

6 out of 10
Dill 33 (ha!) is a kryptonite scent for me. It’s the one scent from the line that I absolutely cannot stand yet I think I’m one of very few people who feel this way about it. What absolutely murders it for me is the cardamom / iris / leather accord that’s present in Iris 39 and dominates this scent from start to finish.

This is a loud, rooty, herbal-green thing with a vegetal edge to it. It’s a tad sweaty, but the wood effect that it creates is impressive. Does it smell like sandalwood? Not exactly. But it does smell like a smart interpretation of the note along the lines Santal Massoia. An impression of sandalwood comes and goes throughout via a peanut-butter effect that’s commonly found in sandalwood oils. But what does exist of the sandalwood accord is drowned out by the megaphone of cardamom and scratchy iris that kill the scent’s better characteristics. 

On the one hand, I get why some people would enjoy this as it’s an interesting facsimile of sandalwood, but on the other, it also smells (I’m not kidding) like dill and cucumbers sandwiches—and that’s the part that screams the loudest. Not for me in the slightest.
I get iris, leather, sandalwood throughout the wearing as this is a very linear scent on my skin. I don't get any of the spiciness of cardemom. However, I also pick up on the slightly watery, cucumber note. You can tell that quality synthetic materials were used, but it's still hard for me to get past the obvious synthetic undertones of most of the Le Labo scents I've tried so far. The only Le Labo scents where that doesn't bother me is Patchouli 24, Labdanum 18 and Neroli 36, but I'm looking forward to testing the rest of the Le Labo samples I have. If you like iris and leather this is a scent to consider. I'm enjoying Santal 33, but I won't be needing a full bottle.
On paper I smell a lot of sandalwood ("you don't say!"), cedar and herbal/balsamic accords. Really pleasant, woody as a nordic, white/grey woody house. Makes me think of one of those marketing photoshooting you can find in Ikea catalogues.

6/10
Another unexpected development for a Le Labo concoction and have to say that the surprise was notable for me. This is above all an intoxicating, than powdery and finally silky fragrance in my vocabulary, a sort of prickly amber-saffron-dusty papyrus-talky violet-powdery woods (sandalwood and cedarwood) concoction conjuring me at the beginning some more sweety fragrances as Le Male (more watery, musky, soapy and bombastic) and Escada Magnetism for Men (which with Santal 33 shares amber, leather, pepper, sandalwood, cedarwood and other elements) but in a far more natural way (despite an obscure touch of medicinal here at the beginning of the trip). The general powder is velvety, silky, vaguely shadowy and with nuances of musk, nuts, smooth iris, violets, paper, figs (i effectively detect a sort of almost acid smell of figgy resins) and suede. There is ergo something almost tropical in the blend, a sort of figgy, gingery, aromatic, grassy, "seaweeds type" and milky (lymphatic milk i mean) resinous touch conjuring in a while (becoming the smell progressively more elusive) juices a la Salvatore Ferragamo Pour Homme, Battistoni Marte Arte or Costume National Homme (but in a dustier way). Anyway, effectively the main aroma of the powder is a molecular sandalwood surrounded by dozens of swirling nuances some of which are woody, some spicy, others ambery, edible, soapy, floral and botanic. Really enveloping ambery/figgy chypre concretely modern and youthful, in my opinion possibly appealing to the younger crowd.
I really have always wanted to like this, and I'm enthused reading other reviews about how busy this scent is. I've worn it off and on, but I find this scent hard to place. Sometimes I like it, other times I want it to go away. I suspect that papyrus is what I'm picking up most, but I don't know that scent and I find it difficult to specifically pick out anything else over time. It seems a bit woody/herby and dry on me. It does last a long time and has decent projection, however.

I still try this out regularly, particularly in the warmer months, because I still really want to like it.
Frank Voelkl's Santal 33 has two principal accords: an altostratus of violet, iris and cardamom, and this hovering above a groundwork of sandalwood, papyrus and cedar. The violet cloud is mellow and Ambroxan-sweetened; the woodland beneath is dry and pungent, being Australian – rather than Indian – sandal. In between lies a strange, fruity-creamy ether of black tea, desiccated coconut, leafy sap, fresh figs, and all manner of notes that are likely an unfortunate side effect of this loss in altitude. 

I gave up trying to reconcile its distinct layers long ago. For preference, I'd plant my feet firmly on the ground and breathe in the leather-bound book accord. However I spend most of the time trying not to be made queasy by the ozonic, uncomfortably sweet violet – which, unfortunately, is backed by some hardcore musks and far outlives the cracking leather effect. 

This stuff is easy to wear, but I wish I could subtract about half of its 33 constituent parts.
