A sweet, minimalist fragrance.  I smell a 70's musk undercurrent.  Just the right amount of benzoin.  The caramel note is not as over-bearing as I thought it would be.  Prada Candy isn't bad at all, really.  I didn't expect to like it.  I imagined it would be tooth-ache sweet and well, it just isn't.

Not too loud, sweet, or dark - it would make a fine gift for a favorite loved one who enjoys perfume but, who isn't a total frag-head like most of us here.  It is just right, for a night on the town, too.  Big thumb's up for a designer perfume.
I like how this fragrance lives up to what I expected when smelling something named "candy" but it's not so literal of an interpretation that a single note is all that you get. (like Pink Sugar). I detect the caramel most strongly but there is a nice addition of benzoin which gives it the powdery dry down. The musk is blended so seamlessly that it doesn't even seem to stand out but it just adds something to the composition that keeps the saccharine sweetness at bay, as benzoin is also a resin sweetness that can make something smell a little like powdery maple syrup if overdone. Musk and benzoin together make a low key powder + woods combo which added to the caramel makes it more interesting and still recognizably sweet, but with a little something extra. 

It is somewhat linear in terms of development, but the scent is never overpowering or "too much" at any stage of wear so I do not mind. Sillage is more close to the skin for me, and that is probably due to the musk, but sometimes I like keeping my fragrance close to me and more intimate, which is what someone who considers gourmand/sweet scents a "guilty pleasure" might be happy to hear. This one will give whisps of a sweet scent trail but it doesn't just stick to you in a heavy cloud which allows you to not constantly smell yourself and get tired of the scent. Longevity is all day for me, 6-8 hours, which is about what I would expect from a standard designer scent release. I usually only apply about 2-3 sprays. 

I can't remember if this is an Eau de Parfum of Eau de Toilette and my bottle is not close by to check but regardless I think this is a nice quality scent for someone who likes sweet scents but wants a little more depth to it than just straight vanilla extract or burnt sugar. I've never regretted applying this once it's on, and also is very easy to layer with. 

I recommend anyone to test this scent on their skin but it won't be for everyone. It's a very middle of the road sweet scent so if you find youself on the extreme ends of the spectrum in your gourmand obsession or you just don't like sweet scents at all, you will not enjoy this one. If you can appreciate sweet scents with more going on beneath the surface, give it a try. 
I get fruit before caramel. Despite this note, I’d name it a light (only) gourmand. The opening is very alcoholic and clean musky, with a bit of flower as well. The projection could be better. 
If you've ever been to Main Street in Disney World there is a little candy shop where they hand dip caramel apples for sale.  Prada's Candy zooms me right back to my childhood staring at the hand dipped caramel Mouse-shaped apples.  Prada's Candy perfectly meshed together Kraft Caramel squares with a British toffee sauce into one cute bottle.  

Burnt sugar and milk together, with a hint of the musk to wrap it together.

Problem is, I don't want to smell like caramel and toffee all day.  Some do, I get that.  Simplistic gourmand, singular scent done well. 
When I first sprayed it on the paper, it smelt litterally nothing at all. Then I tried on my skin, same effect, nothing. I walked out of store disappointed and sniffed the wrist on my way home, that's when the yummy caramel starts show its charm.

It's creamy, smells almost pure caramel, slightly salty and sour to balance the sweetness. It's straight and doesn't evolve much, not sophiscated that's sure, but very efficient. It's a cheerful scent for autumn and winter. It lasts 8h+ on me and the sillage is not bad. If you're a fan for caramel, you really should give it a try, and be a little bit patient to well savour it.

I thought the bottle was tacky and the campaign looked silly. But after testing the perfume my mind changed completely. It's such a playful illustration for the perfume.

Originally written in 2013
As a girl who is quite obsessed with sugary sweets and products that show off my femininity, I knew I had to try Prada Candy. The name and the packaging seemed right up my alley, so I decided to give it a go. 

I used the little rollerball sample you can find at the department store and walked around for a bit, letting it settle in. The scent is exactly how you'd think a perfume called Candy should smell like: cotton-candy/caramel-y/sugary sweetness. It's not sickeningly sweet or cloying in the least. Combined with a little bit of musk, it gives it a nice note of warmth to balance it out. 

As much as I'm in love with this product, it simply doesn't have impressive longevity. Once I roll it on, in multiple pulse points I might add, it only stays for a couple of hours. However, I recently bought a full-sized bottle, and though I doubt it'll make much of a difference, I'll see how it does when it is distributed in spray form, on my skin and on my clothes. With just the rollerball, I find myself having to reapply often. 

However, considering this is one of the few perfumes that I truly love (a lot of perfumes are much too heavily scented for me and make me feel nauseous), the light, sugary scent of this is worth it. If you don't mind the hassle of reapplying, this really is a perfume worth looking into.
Prada Candy is a lighthearted, stupid/clever tribute to benzoin that's exactly calibrated to the point of of maximum resinousness.  Sure, it's sweet, but it's not any sweeter than, say, Shalimar, or most Guerlains, to be honest.  It's not the least bit edgy, but its emphasis on one of the geekiest notes in perfumery is borderline subversive.  There's no fake strawberry or confected "patchouli," and the alleged caramel notes don't smell gooey.  And there's no distracting vanilla.   Do the little girls that buy this know (or care)?  Even the citrus/floral combo at Candy's opening is restrained; it feels, almost, kind of, elegant.  It gives the early stages of the perfume a nice lift before it integrates quite gracefully into the composition, so that (despite its name) Candy smells like perfume and never turns too foody.

This stuff has a way of melting into skin and then just sort of emanating a kind of gentle softness, almost like the texture of a musk--you smell sweet, resinous skin rather than sweet, resinous aromachemicals.  Sillage is discreet, which is right where it should be; this stuff could get painful at higher volumes (benzoin-triggered headaches are the *worst*--for me, they always involve nausea).  And this stuff lasts, and lasts, and lasts; I have no idea what some other reviewers are talking about when they complain about its disappearing from skin.  It has be olfactory fatigue, because I can still smell it at eight-plus hours.

My only complaint about Candy is a slightly plastic musk that occasionally pokes through in the middle stages of wear.  But that bit of weirdness comes and goes, and eventually resolves in a drydown that restates the original resinous theme, garnished with a touch of something powdery that almost feels like iris.  Here as elsewhere (i.e., Infusion d'Iris and its cogeners), Prada's house perfumer Daniela Andrier demonstrates her facility with popular-but-interesting, fun-but-tasteful perfumes that any woman could wear pretty much anywhere and smell good without scaring the horses.

So, overall, Candy came as a pleasant surprise.  It's not complicated, but there's more to it than meets the eye, or the nose--whatever.  It reminds me of Marilyn Monroe (with those ridiculous glasses) in How to Marry a Millionaire--all wide eyes, blonde curls, bodacious curves, and wicked timing--with her quirky intelligence simmering under the ditzy surface.  

And I think the enameled bottle is kind of cute.  
It's a simply sweet, candy-like scent, but it's a sweetness that makes me smile and doesn't make me throw up. I find it tolerable on the sweetness scale. Very nice.
Is it me or are most of today’s mainstream releases intentionally concocted to wear exclusively close to the skin, with little to no sillage?

Prada Candy is a frustrating example, a luscious gourmand interwoven with an intriguing smoky note that at times smells like burnt sugar and at others like stale cigarette ashes. It’s a wonderful, extremely clever scent, and one that I’d love to wear more often. But the only way I can enjoy is to continually huff at my wrist. Which just looks silly in public.

Edited 2020: 

Recently started wearing this again, and I have no idea what my initial experience with this stuff was about because now it hangs around forever. Which is a good thing—this stuff is fantastic. Upgraded to a Thumbs Up.
  Personally, I think both the name of this perfume and the girlie picture on the box are a bit misleading. Both of those things made me think that this was going to be one of those very cute, sweet, innocent types of scents. It really, really isn't. 
  Truthfully, this is a big, bold smoky-vanilla oriental fragrance, done in the same style as Shalimar. Or, in any case, Shalimar is what it immediately brings to mind. It is very bold and very sexy, but not really overly "feminine" or girlie. Actually, girlie is probably the very last word I would choose to describe this kind of perfume. The word "girlie" conveys a sense of "innocence" (to me, anyway) and this perfume is nothing of the sort! 
   It is bold, heavy, smoky, mysterious, dark and very, very sexy. It's great as an evening fragrance or for very special occasions. Although I like it, I don't think I would want to wear it every day. 
  PS: I've been wearing this now for a few hours, and actually, as others have said, this perfume is not all that long lasting. It kind of fades out after a bit. Also, yes, in the dry down I agree that it ends up smelling like ginger snaps! 
Salutation.

The name of this perfume describes the scent just perfectly: CANDY!PRADA CANDY tells everything at hello and will have him salivate and ask for seconds with its gourmand,yummy base under the polished charming heart and vanilla,musk and lush top notes of its scent. it smells like a well balanced lollipop not too sweet,not to sour. Modern,Creamy,Powdery, Girlish, playful, Vanillic,Charming and Delicious.

This scent is all about energy and seduction a plyful girl who will be attracted.cheerful and yummy notes of sweet vanilla with tonka bean,benzoin and musk with a sensual creamy base notes of caramel add comfort and warmth to this sweet scent which is as prettily charming as the girlish images that accompany its launch.

It reminds me of something a little girl would wear when playing dress up.this flirty scent is for a young girl to wear as it evoking images of flirtation and fun with a playful and active girl in a coffe shop when you have to eat a vanilla ice-cream.it is a daytime scent in Autumn/Winter.A nice gift for a birthday too.

Sillage?Nice.

Longevity?Above Average on my skin.

6.75/10

As others have stated, I'm not sure what prompted me to buy a 1 oz. bottle of this at $68 but buy it I did.  Overall, I like this perfume, I really do.  It is a HUGE departure from my usual "go to" perfumes; however in general, I like Prada Candy a lot.

Preparing for an upcoming cruise, I didn't have the time or the usual money to buy my beloved Aqua di Parma Magnolia Noble or Frederic Malle Musc Ravageur, etc.  So, off I went to Ulta to seek out perfumes.  With the Caribbean in mind and having recently used some Philosophy creams, I had candy, cotton-candy, bubble gum, pink and something sweet on my mind.  Initially, I was torn between Candy and Vince Camuto Amore but I settled on Prada Candy 'cause I disliked Camuto Amore's more floral dry-down.

This fragrance is very warm, dry, a bit powdery, simple & sweet.  Like others, I fail to detect much of this scent after I spritz it on myself; however others DO smell it and seem to like it.  Uncomplicated, the dry-down is definitely a tacky caramel base.  There is musk, vanilla...the usual sweet gourmand array of today's latest "pink" perfumes.  Unlike others, I do not find this fragrance overly strong, intense or sickeningly sweet in any way.

I must reiterate (as others have stated) that Candy is a very wearable, unoffensive, simple & pretty perfume.  I cannot see a young child or teen wearing this...in a funny way, it seems too "old" to be worn by a young person.  With that said, I think it will be fine for the cruise and for the upcoming summer.  Will see how I feel after using a 1 oz. bottle.  Not sure I'd repurchase it at this point in time.
This is sweet, but not as much as the name might suggest, and there's plenty of darker notes to add a balance. This stuff is pretty light and non-offensive. The sweetness makes it wearable for kids, but the structure behind the sweetness makes it ok for adults too. It's a little bit of an homage to Chanel No. 5, I think, with the sweetness providing the new signature. 

It smells a little like ginger snap cookies in the dry down.
Gorgeous perfume, it receives a lot of compliments but I don't smell it nearly as much as I'd like to?
The bottle is cute.
Got this perfume among others for Christmas. At first I thought that I wouldn't like it, simply because of the name 'Candy'--way too little-girl, and I like feminine, bold scents--but I tried it a few times and got a bunch of compliments. It's a very warm, dry, sweet scent. I like the caramel/vanilla blend, but there's an odd background that somehow makes this perfume more sophisticated. Overall, I like it...it's not my favorite, but it's something different, and I might even buy more if I run out.
Prada Candy was a blind buy for me, and I'm happy I took the gamble. I love sweet scents, and this is a grown up, more dressy and less "sticky" version of Pink Sugar. Candy is sweet, but also has a dry, powdery hint when first applied. It dries and lingers with a caramel and musk (?) vibe. 
Smells like plastic coated in sugar.

I imagine it would attract wasps.
I love most perfumes with a strong benzoin note, and vanille gourmands as well. This is heaven for me. I do get the similarities with l'eau Ambree (they seem to share the same base) and Infusion d'Iris though the latter is much to powdery to suit my nose. 

Candy is one I wear to bed dabbed in the crook of my arm at least 4 nights a week. The smell is so comforting and relaxing. I find it does smell very different dabbed than sprayed. It brings out the richness of the scent, and creates only enough sillage to smell oneself occasionally. Sprayed, it can become to sharp for my nose. It's as if the wrong notes come to the forefront, and the lovely base becomes too light. 

For those that think this disappears, I guarantee others can smell you! My MIL wears this, and after one spray In the morning, I can smell her later in the day... she smells fantastic! Also, I can smell this on my laundry for at least two days after I wear it. 

This will surely be one of my all time favorites long after it's popularity dies down. Send all your unwanted bottles my way, I'm hoarding this. lol



On a trip to the drugstore, they had the "inspired by" scents on sale. I'm always looking for new scents, and $5 is a cheap way of sampling when I can't get to the store. Picked up the Light Blue dupe in rollerball and was pleasantly surprised. My wife liked it as well, so I picked up the real thing, which we share. This is a light, pleasant acquatic scent with minimal sillage but decent longevity that I enjoy right out of the shower on a warm day. 
the scent of happiness, like walking inside a sunny coastal Italian village.
Green apple reigns supreme, followed by Scicilian lemon.
Sweet, yet fresh.
A more appropriate name would be "Light Green" instead of "Light Blue".
A decade and a half later and this is still love or hate.

Depends on your fragrant journey so far, and whether your nose can handle the aroma chems at play here.

It is sweet, super crisp and fresh, yet maintains some saltiness to allow a natural-ity to shine through.

Atelier's Atlas Cedar is very close to this, though Light Blue predates it by over a dozen years.  Also recalls Versace Man Eau Fraiche. 
For a dept. store fragrance, this is incredible in terms of projection, sillage, and longevity.  My wife spritzes this upstairs in the bathroom, and I smell it downstairs.  It leaves a sillage trail for quite awhile.  It has a unique scent that unfortunately everyone is wearing.  Like Acqua di Geo during it's heyday, Light Blue is part of the air you breath.  Citrus for sure, there is a cedar/musk/floral component that makes it unique. 
I wore this perfume back in 2009-10, it was a good time in my life. I bought some last night cause it was on sale at Walgreens, and boy it brought back great memories. Love this fragrance, it lasts all day and is not offensive or overbearing. Perfect for everyday wear. 
Probably one of the most pleasant citrusy scents I've come across. The citrus is mellow and sweet, rather than tangy or sharp. Light Blue is somehow cool and warm at the same time. It's an incredibly pleasant scent, relaxing and laid back. Beachy, breezy, serene.
There's a reason this fragrance has been so very popular. It's because it smells good, is exceptionally easy to wear, and is highly versatile: appropriate for day or night, for work or play, for going out to dinner or for just slobbing around the house. Part of the reason for that versatility, I suspect, is the pure simplicity of its concept: it basically comes down to two equally high-pitched and nasal facets--the sharp musky cedar below and the tart lemon/apple above--oscillating against each other to eternity. The result is a kind of olfactory moire effect, shimmery and (to my nose, anyway) quite pleasant.

I suspect that Light Blue may also carry an additional appeal to Americans in particular, due to the strong hygenic associations of its three major notes, each of which, in their own way, can be said to represent cleanliness. Lemon, of course, is very strongly associated with cleaning products, while that tart green apple note is commonly used in the US to scent shower gels, shampoos, and astringent facial toners. The cedar, meanwhile, brings to mind cedar-lined linen closets or cedarwood chests, used to keep stored clothing clean and fresh and safe from moths. Put them all together, and you're definitely appealing to a desire for cleanliness, or "freshness." I tend to associate that desire with American tastes -- we do love the whole squeaky-clean aesthetic here!--but perhaps it is more universal than I realize. 

My one criticism of this fragrance is that it can get a bit screechy sometimes. I referred above to both the cedar and the tart fruit facets as "high-pitched and nasal," and while I realize that I'm engaging in an aural analogy there, it's the best way I can think of to describe exactly what I mean. They're both sour, sharp, astringent fragrance types, the sort that can really seem to get all the way up into your sinuses sometimes. Since I enjoy sharp and astringent smells, I'm not bothered at all by that aspect of Light Blue, but I can certainly see how it might get in the way of others' enjoyment. That synthetic cedar stuff in the base (is that the Iso-E-Super people so often talk about?) is also extremely long-lasting and tenacious in a stickily pervasive musk-like way -- should you take a dislike to it, you *will* be smelling it for days, not only wherever you sprayed it, but also on anything and everything that got too close to the original spray. You have been warned.

Sadly, while I enjoy Light Blue on other people, it doesn't behave very well on me. When I wear it myself, the lemon and apple notes disappear very quickly, while the cedar becomes *ludicrously* accentuated; the end result is that I wind up walking around for hours smelling very much like a hamster cage. A *clean* hamster cage, mind you, but still very much a hamster cage. So it's not one that I keep around, but I always enjoy smelling it on others. Quite fortunate for me, that, because this fragrance is so very, very popular that once you know what it smells like, you will find yourself encountering it everywhere. 
Nice crisp citrus. Nothing new. Simple and clean. Good frag for summer at $30/100ml. 
I love D&G Light Blue.  Maybe it's my particular chemistry, but when I wear it, I receive very appreciative compliments from family members, co-workers, friends, and total strangers. (One of only a few fragrances I've worn in my life that generate so many positive comments.) I will also catch a whiff of it on clothing I've worn and think how lovely it smells. 

I give D&G Light Blue 5 stars overall, and 4 each for longevity and sillage.
Light Blue is simply wonderful. It's a light, refreshing and uplifting scent perfect for daily use. It's fairly minimalistic with decent longevity and intimate sillage. I mostly get a buttery lemon paired with warm amber, but the notes are so well balanced you don't need any extras. Light Blue would be ideal for someone with a casual lifestyle. 
Light years better than light blue for men.  Fresh and long lasting.  I've even worn this.  Thumbs up.
I read a recommendation several years ago that men should try this fragrance.  And though I like the men's version of Light Blue, I think this might be the stronger of the two.  And stronger in more ways than one--i.e. this is a not a fragrance to over-apply.  Less is definitely more.  I like to apply this on top of different aftershaves (say Cool Wave or Skin Bracer) and see where it takes me.  I enjoy the green apple, but it lasts a bit too long in my opinion.  However, after an hour or so, I really enjoy the cedar and the way I catch whiffs of jasmine all day long.  It's light and springy.  And my I like it on my wife too.
I really get the Granny Smith apple in a big way with this fragrance.  I also get a touch of cedar, too.  Although I like the smell of this, I will not buy another bottle as when I had a bottle I wore it to death, and now I can smell it on every other person who walks by, and it smells the same on everybody.  
This is easily the best fragrance I've ever found to counter the abundance of overly-floral, cloyingly sweet, profusion of white flowers in the ladies' selection of "fresh" fragrances.  I'm not one to enjoy sweet fragrances, nor the pungently floral ones.  I have always searched for a truly earthy, woodsy, nature-inspired scent for ladies, minus the stuff I can't tolerate.  This is it.

Light Blue begins with a burst of citrus; after a few seconds, you begin to pick up the bluebells and bamboo, and as the fragrance dries down, the heart notes really shine -- cedarwood, amber, etc.  This fragrance has SERIOUS staying power, too; I can apply it lightly to my hair, and I can still smell it perfectly well the next DAY.  Scent is beautiful; apples, citrus, musk, and bamboo, draped beautifully over a heart of cedar and moss.  When your three-year old niece buries her face in your hair and inhales deeply over and over and says, "You smell soooooo good..." -- well, you know you've got a winner.

I love Light Blue.  I wish there was a bit more of the cedarwood and moss heart after drydown.  To me, it would then be truly perfect.

Very sexy! On a girl, I think a man shouldn't wear this. It reminds me of a super hot chick. Leaves a scent trails and catches attention. Synthetic? Didn't even thought about it, this thing just works!

Sexy as hell on a girl, I wish more fragrances had such projection.
It´s beautiful and deliciously wonderful! I simply use it since I was a teenager... And I´m very proud to say that it was the first perfume I bought to myself... and it´s perfect and I´m love for it since the first time! 

And for those who says that a popular perfume is not good I recommend to read some articles/books from Turin (not so much - weird bad taste) and my favorite - Chandler Burr!!! 
I love Light Blue, I love J´adore, I love Coco, I love Tommy Girl... Popular? Yes, but damn good!!!

"You don’t consciously register the wood, but its smooth surface deepens and warms the citrus. One of the most perfectly executed perfumes of the past decade, it is almost insanely good." - D&G Light Blue ***** - Chandler Burr 

Just to know how to appreciate a good scent! 
It doesn´t matter if a lot of people use it!!!
All time favourite!
9 or 10 years ago, I got a sample in a club, I was a teenager, me and my friends fell in love with Light Blue...the first elegant, expensive perfume, we became so cool at school :D
Now, it's guite popular, but  I don't care, I still love it. Funny, but I've never realized the lemon in it, rather jasmine :)  I can't describe its freshness, I feel myself confident, fresh, clean, sexy all day.  Thank God, it stay all day long on my skin. It's strange, I'm not a kind of "light blue" girl, actually hate this colour, and I've never tought this fragrance fits to me, but I love wearing it!!!
I decided to buy something else, something unique (an other Dolce Gabbana perhaps), but I couldn't find anything acceptable, I'm gonna purchase an other LB tonight.  
It has a very pleasant grapefruity(isn't stated in the notes but I detect a trace of it somehow)/lemony note, yet not overpowering, great for summer. Definitely fits the light blue ad, gives the exact same mediterranean vibe. Its amazing on guys as well, I got more compliments from both sexes with this compared to the pour homme version. Wouldn't call it a must buy, but its a safe summer/beach scent to say the least.
I like this fragrance very much. It opens up with a freshness that i cannot describe in words. It's not overbearing. It stands out from other fragrances as it is quite unique.

Fresh, hints of floral with apple blossom. Perfect for those casual summer days. My words don't do it justice. I like that it isn't overpowering and that it's not too complex. 

I can see why it is still rated as one of the most top selling fragrances for women =)

The bottle is quite simple. It is not misleading at all, as the fragrance also is quite simple...but so nice. When i look at it, reminds me of a clean crisp day at the beach.

Notes as described on fragranceheaven.com.au:

Light Blue by Dolce & Gabbana is a delicious combination of lively Sicilian citron and effervescent Granny Smith Apples, which are softened and ethereally blended with the intensity of freesia, jasmine, earthy musk and amber to provide a stunning perfume that's both overwhelming and irresistible. It is recommended for casual wear. 
Normally I don't go for something so mainstream, but it's a fantasic summer scent for work. It's not dominantly floral or powdery. It's more feminine in the beginning but ends out being unisex in the end. That's fine with me, it's clean, fresh, & classy. I can see why it's so popular with nurses.
By far the best perfume I've ever worn... too bad I've outgrown it :(
I actually got this by accident.Whebn I realized it was for women I gave it to my mother.She used it for a bit and gave it back as she is not a big frag person like myself.  GQ mag suggested this can be a great scent for men.How right they were.Very fresh-refreshing.tHis scent is lush and "airy" ,especially on sweltering summer days.
Light blue is the best name for it, they're "baptized" it right.Very nice feeling to wear it, and yes, goes perfectly with light blue colured clothes, especially... light blue jeans. It feels a bit hippie in a delicate and smart way.The only minus is the lasting power, this wonderful perfume lasts even less than the EDCs from Bvlgari... so if you decide to get it, get a big bottle.
A lovely fresh scent for women.
In a nutshell:(1) Great, fresh and light citrus scent - with a hint of complexity. (2) Has very good staying power for a scent of this type. (3) This is a popular scent, so you will find many others wearing it, which is a negative if you want to wear something unique. 
Count me as another in the long line of men who prefer the original Light Blue to the relatively uninspiring pour Homme interpretation. The opening is quite sharp and actually downright masculine to my nose, though it softens significantly with all those florals in the mid notes. And those florals, by the way, are quite lovely, especially combined with the apple note which to my nose sticks around for a good while. Like walking through a fragrant garden while munching on a Granny Smith. This is a fun and completely unpretentious fragrance, something I find appropriate for a relaxing day out with friends or simply lounging around by yourself. A contemporary classic for good reason. 
This is a strange scent because it is something right in between Montales Soleil de Capri and Paco Rabannes Black XS (for Men). Now, I have never thought Soleil de Capri and Black XS have anything in common – anything at all – and in fact I still don’t, but oddly this is the exact crossroad between these two scents.It has more in common with Black XS, though. (Especially in the dry down)I get a crystal clear strawberry note in the beginning which is engaged with that apple note. I am not sure if this scent actually has a strawberry ingredient to it, or is it some sort of accord, but I smell strawberry very easily.Fresh, fruity, clean and very compelling. I love the crisp musky undertones in this. During the dry down Light Blue develops some green nuances (Granny Smith indeed comes to mind at this point) with the subtle almond-y smell in the distance. Very tasty.Like I said this reminds me of Soleil de Capri (same kind of combo of juicy citruses, white flowers and white musks) and Black XS (strawberry with woods and amber).Anyone (no matter whether you’re man or woman) who likes LB should checkout those two fragrances too because while these scents are similar there are still some distinctive differences as well.Black XS smells exactly like more masculine version of LB; it is slightly more dark and edgy with the notable patchouli note.Light Blue can easily be worn by men, but to my nose it still leans clearly more towards feminine side. This is a modern classic.
I liked the scent a lot.  I have been asked several times, what perfume I am wearing because they would say it smelled lovely.  I have not received compliments on my other perfumes except for this one.  It is something very casual that I can use at work daily without leaving a heavy perfumie kinda smell that I hate.  So to be considerate, this is my choice of scent at work. 
Light Blue to me is musky citrus cottom wool clouds. It certainly floats about for ages. I think it is both clean, warm and powdery. It is very distinctive, however this may be a bad thing as everyone wears this. When I first got to smell this, I was in Barcelona, and for a while it reminded me of my holiday there. Until I relaised that every girl 18-25 was bathing themselves in this stuff back in the UK, now it just makes me think of Bacardi Breezer swilling girls out on the pull in a Wetherspoons pub. Which is a real shame, as this is a lovely scent, when worn sparingly.
I prefer this version instead of the male version.  This female version smells fresh and can be worn by men also.  I read in GQ that men do prefer the female version instead of the male.  Plus women love it!   I get comments on it every time I wear it.  Give it a try, you might be surprised!  It also can be easily combined with other fresh scents.  Should of been labeled unisex.

juicy orange.a citrus scent that is beautiful in the summer
I like it.  Very fresh, like lemon juice when you first put it on.  But quickly mellows to a floral-fresh smell that makes me think of the ocean (or maybe that's my brain remembering the marketing pictures).  Unlikely to offend anybody.  I'm not in love with it, but it's very nice.
I really like this scent.  It is a very clean smelling scent,it kinda reminds me of lemony fresh laundry. I find it very refreshing when I put it on. I think it's a lot different than other perfumes in the sense that it's not overpowering. It is perfect for the office or everyday use.  The only thing that i do not like about the EDT is the staying power.  Then scent wears off too fast, I find myself re-applying throught the day. Other than that I would recommend this to anyone who prefers something that's light and classic.
loves it! loves it! LOVES IT!!
I feel Luca's and Tania's review of this was a little unfair. I agreed with nearly all of "perfumes: The Guide", but not with the review of this. Light Blue extends "floral fresh" in a new direction without the tiresome overdose of Calone used in the 90's. Totally unisex and devoid of any pretence, like a delicate cloud of duck egg blue powder. Men and women can enjoy this one. 
Simply gorgeous. A sparkling citrussy floral that is good any time of year but especially so in Spring and Summer due to the citrus. It is fresh, clean and complex and to me smells very expensive although, strangely, it can often be found for as little as £10 a bottle in the UK. I have got through a few bottles of this in the last five years, one a very large bottle and hope it is never discontinued (because the smelly things I love usually are not popular and therefore are discontinued - sob!). It seems to smell very different on each different person because a couple of times I have stopped people to ask what their gorgeous perfume is and they have said it was Light Blue. Perfume is a very personal and idiosyncratic choice so it's very hard and often inadvisable to buy perfume for someone 'blind' but I would always recommend this as a reasonably safe choice to a man wondering what to buy for a woman as I can't imagine many people not liking this perfume.
If you like this scent but wish it were slightly different, try Eclat d'Arpege by Lanvin.  It's very similar but better, in my opinion.  
It definitely could be a unisex fragrance, but it is masculine in its own right.  Fruity with a powdery dry down.  Pleasantly fresh.Great longevity like DG pour Homme as well as great sillage.Thumbs up.
In my opinion, so far, this is the best of the Dolce and Gabbana lot for both men and woman - and that is saying alot, but this is simply fantastic!  I wish the men's was this good! No matter, I'll wear them both, but prefer this one.  Guys, don't be afraid to use this!5 STARS!
Indeed a true «feel good thing...neutraly bright and cooly warm» -feotidussmells remarkably fresh n clean but in a way that avoids nowdays crap, yet the only recent fresh n clean designer feminine marketed for younger public that I truly respect. You see...  where I live, girls of my age (18-22) tend to wear things that are just.....how could I say in a proper language...that are just total crap (I'm talking to you cool water woman, ralph and swiss army). yet, light blue is a big exeption to all this nonsenseNo ozone/calone/cheap smelling childish too-sweet'n'-too-sour fruity florals.Instead we have a good accord of crisp greed and jucy green apple / fresh dry decamphorized cedar in the oppening , and what I suspect to be a healthy dose of Iso E super and Hedione that gives the haert notes a pure, clean and liquid feel (NOT AQUATIC PLEASE). For the rest, I could not say really.. perhaps the iso E super goes on and on, with a pretty little white musk and some more cedar. the whole thing is very very well crafted and balanced imo. this «perfume» was the weired characterirstic of being feminine and almost girly whithout being childish girly. Yet almost unisex for those of us who don't fuss about wearing feminine fragrances...by the way, I agree with the one who said that DnG shoud discontinue the newer light blue for man which is nothing compared to it's so called feminine alterego.
I bought this for my honeymoon trip and every time I smell this it reminds me of my honeymoon trip, It was a Caribbean Cruise, and Light Blue smelled delicious the entire time, it sticks for hours, but it never dulls or anything, it stays fresh and making you feel clean and cool, very recommendable for hot weathers.
Jumping on the bandwagon that the women's Light Blue could be unisex and that D&G should discontinue their Men's version. I had taken my girlfriend into the store to smell this specifically. She grabbed the bottle and smelled the atomizer cap only so I grabbed a card for her to spray on. She missed and sprayed my hand!This was terrible on the card HOWEVER I was able to test it out on my hand. Man I can't stop sniffing. A lightly powdery fruited cedar. I still smell it after 3 hours.
The Granny Smith apple note in the opening gives enough contrast with the cedar and bluebells to create a bit of olfactory surprise.  The whole floral fruity top level is smooth and refreshing and very nice if not extremely sophisticated.  It’s a feel good thing – neutrally bright and coolly warm.  The florals and bamboo of the middle continue with a smooth floral  / green dominated by a simple jasmine: the simplicity of the accord is captivating and is completely in tune with the vibes of the opening.  The base is more cedar and musk—quite recessive to my nose, but I think its sparsity is fully in tune with the theme of Light Blue.  I enjoy this scent; it is refreshing, it is the springtime and mountain lakes and butterfly filled meadows.  At times I think that Light Blue could be a unisex fragrance, but then there are times when it seems so youthfully feminine.  Regardless, it’s a charming scent and it deserves to be as popular as it is.
I like this fragrance a lot, it's so fresh and citrusy.However it doesnt' really have staying power on me which is a shame as I really like the scent.When I was buying this bottle I stumbled upon Dior Addict 2, which in my nose has something similar to this. 
The notes say green apple, but the fruit comes across as grapefruit to me, with notes of bubblegum.  No matter--these are man-made aromas, so any guess is as credible as the next.  This is a great fruity scent, sweet and vanillic, tart and juicy at the same time.  I find it soft and pretty, mellow and full, yet lively.  For reference, my favorite citrus fragrances are Moschino I Love Love, which has a zesty, definite grapefruit note, and Montale Soleil de Capri, which has a natural-smelling citrus.  Light Blue is another that I like, with its playful, mouth-watering, wad-of-bubblegum note.
LOL - I totally agree with what a few other people here seem to point out - over the past few years, it has indeed become a stocking-filler sort of fragrance.This perfume, along with Brut cologne spray, Piere Cardin, Lagerfeld Classic (a fantastic men's fragrance), Chloe and Anais-Anais, has indeed become a Christmas stocking filler perfume - well at least within my family.That being said, everyone in my immediate family, including myself, have quite expensive tastes in fragrance, usually steering clear of stocking-filler fragrances - but this is one that everyone I know enjoys waking up to on Christmas morning!Fresh, dynamic, relatively clean, sporty and quite unisex. Freshly natural smelling, not laiden with synthetic-smelling crap. The bamboo note is clear and harmonious - almost cerebral in nature - like unto pure mysore sandal essence, yet absolutely nothing like it! And the Granny Smith is clear and fresh smelling, never stuffy and sweet, as it quite often is in other perfumes.The cedar and musk is light, and sticks very well to its name sake. And for some odd reason, maybe coz of the name, maybe coz of the notes, I associate this with Baby Blue Jeans.But anyway, I am a guy, I like wearing it, I get lots of compliments from wearing it in Spring and Summer, and can't wait to try the men's version, but I haven't seen it anywhere here in Brisbane, yet. But I can't wait - and I truly hope it resembles the original.Cheers, and enjoy. 6/10 from me, and thumbs up.
Most D&G fragrances are just too much for me, but this is lovely. It's refreshing and crisp with good sillage.  I like this and Jardin sur les Nil by Hermes for summer.
The top notes for me show a great deal of citrus and a hint of the fruity middle notes, but they fade away very rapidly on my skin, even the midnotes don't show a lot of presence and sadly, i don't find that it has a strong -not even a faint- white rose note,the note i was most interested in, maybe that white rose was  the type that wasn't very fragrant. What i get the most, and what sticks to me like glue for hours, is the base, and the white musk is the one note that wins over the rest. Strangely, it has a similar drydown to VC&A's Automne wich has a lot of woodsy notes. The cedarwood is also very present. I didn't find it womanly and i felt it could easily be an unisex scent. Well, in the case that your skin (like mine) skips the fruits and flowers and goes straight to the base). 
This is one of the only fragrances that can ENTIRELY pull off what i like to call a 'citrus blast.' The top notes are heavenly, and from there on it develops beautifully! Fairly cheap, and one of the most commonly ripped off perfumes YTD!

While I've worn both the EDT and the EDP, I find I like the EDT better.  This is a sweet musk.  If you want to try musk out this is the easy way to do it.  This is a floral woody musk which is one of my favorites.  Well my favorite would be a woody musk but the florals really cause this to be a nice clean sweet scent.  It's very very girly...quite feminine. I find it easy to wear and non offensive.  I really can't imagine an occassion that this scent would not work for.  It's a beautiful day time scent that can evolve into evening where.  It could easily be a signature scent.  
Narciso Rodriguez line has a very distinct touch and feel – as if all the fragrances would be a part of the same idea. The thing uniting them all is Egyptian musk that Mr. Rodriguez found in his travels to Egypt and fell so hard in love with that he decided – all his fragrance line will showcase this exceptional scent, partly clean, partly animalic and very soft. 

His perfumers actually use a blend of many different synthetic musks to create the ultimate NR musk. It is done so because quite a lot of people are anosmic to one or another type of musk, and the goal here is to showcase the musk instead of allowing a part of population to be unable to smell it at all. That's why there are so many differing opinions on NR fragrances – some say they are subtle, work friendly, lovely and squeaky clean, and some say they are dirty, sexy and attention grabbing. The truth is, as almost always, somewhere in the middle. And what a gorgeous smelling middle it is!

Narciso Rodriguez For Her EDT is the first fragrance of the line and the most popular of them all. (The pink EDP bottle came a bit later and started causing the confusion, because the EDT is a black bottle which comes in a pink box, and the EDP is a pink bottle which comes in a black box... And then just think about all these identical For Her rectangles and Narciso cubes that all look identical except for the colours and the juice inside. That Narciso guy is evil and I'm sure he knows it.)

For Her EDT was created by perfumers Christine Nagel and Francis Kurkdjian in 2003 and has the top notes of Osmanthus & Orange blossom, head notes of Musk and base notes of Vetiver, Amber and Vanilla. I can't say that I'm getting any amber or vanilla here, to me For Her is a soft, purring and heartachingly beautiful musk and osmanthus scent with woody undertones that make it less fluffy and give it more character. (The pink EDP has Peach and Rose in the top notes instead of Osmanthus & Orange blossom) and is a bit fruitier, sweeter and less woody/vetiver-y than EDT. Also, EDT seems to be just as well – if not better – lasting on my skin, so choose the one you like more.) 

They're both are great, they're all are great – but For Her EDT is the one that made me fall in love with Narciso Rodriguez scents, it still makes my eyes roll back every time I sniff it, it's just so sensual and elegant and soft.

Smells like an advanced hairspray but acts like a real perfume. Its crisp and light but with a profound intensity that really shines. Works better on the skin than on a blotter. Wears a realm of 'vintage-perfume' charm upon its sleeve while managing to stay a pure, simple and very amicable experience. Just good.
Dirty, bitter flowers at first.
Mellows and sweetens in the middle.
Musky bottom with a smattering of patchouli.
Finishes nicely, overall.
This scents like my Grandmother's sheets. They were laundered in a 60's floral detergent. Hung dry in the clean country air. Folded and placed in a Cedar chest. 
Now they smelled strongly of Cedar and the Floral was faint in the background.

This is opposite, Floral is in your face and Cedar in the background. Ultimately this is Woody Aroma Chemical (WAC)Saccharine.
It gets a thumbs up because it reminds me of my Gran. 
Don't know that I would wear it or have my wife wear it though.
Gauzy abstract white floral with a nice peachy voluptuousness about it and a comforting milky undertow. Has something of the siren lure of Rush without the latter’s pushiness. This is squarely mainstream made in the highly buffed manner of 1970s mixed florals, but when it’s done right, hey it’s the kind of perfume to spray on and head to the nearest convivial social gathering. 
Smells soft and welcoming to bystanders. Lots of airy musks involved but deployed well in the service of the floral notes. So smoothly executed, it’s a safe buy for purchasers of designer florals, but it also has the ability to remain interesting to those of more particular tastes provided they approach it with open minds.
(Review for EDT.) 

Found a sample of this in a drawer, and never having worn it decided to spray it on. Quite feminine and 'girly' of course, but also quite nice too, especially in the opening. Getting a lot of musk from this, along with the florals (rose and iris, two that I can live with). Younger or older women could wear this, and probably a man could too, if he were so inclined. Not sure that's me, but this is quite a good designer release, in my opinion.
It's perfumes like this one that give me an all new appreciation for rose. (Heck, and musk!) These two dominant notes aren't ones I typically seek out or go weak in the knees for, but here they're just so soft, feminine and pretty. It does have a freshly laundered quality - clean, warm. After a while, the rose wanes a bit and peach and sandalwood come out to play. For me, peach and sandalwood are a great match that always go so well together, and there's no exception here. This is when it goes from powdery to a little more creamy, as well.

Somehow, this reminds me a lot of Midnight Oud by Juliette Has A Gun. Much less woody, but the rose in each fragrance stampedes through your senses just the same way. And, both fragrances remind me of walking through the woods in the springtime - trees and bushes just bursting with fresh blooming flowers. Feminine, sensual yet inoffensive - It makes for a versatile scent that can be worn for just about any occasion.
Salutation.

When i first smelled this EDT captivated my senses immediately. It is more Lovely than Male Version and Less Romantic than EDP Version.I am loving this scent.Everything about this product is NICE. Sultry,Sophisticated, Heady,Hot,Provocative,Little Sweet, Creamy,Modern,Feminine and Heavy.

When you enter the Room heads turn and people want to know what that Mysterious fragrance is? Sharp Opening.Orange blassom and Light amber supported by Warmth of Bergamot in the Top notes.NR is a really beautiful dark floral for me.

Generally it it chic and exudes Seduction yet maintains a Hypnotic presence.I would Highly Recommend this EDT with assurance that you wouldn't be disappointed if you are a Smart LADY and definitely 25/40 years old.It is ideal for a SPECIAL occasion in a WINTER Evening.

Sillage?Great.

Longevity?Very Good on my skin.

7.5/10 
I was prompted to write a review of 'For Her' after smelling 'For Women' (white bottle) a few days ago.
This is the one (FH) with good sillage and elusive musks, the EDP is peachier with definite stickability.
The EDT is the equivalent of a Toyota Corolla, ubiquitous, rust free, user friendly with good economy. It lacks imagination but statistics show it benefits from repeat purchasers, and you can soup it up with the 'In colour' or 'Musc Intense' add-ons that men love, like a leather bound steering wheel or Recaro seats. That men love this is not in question, my husband loves the sillage hours after I have put it on.
Let's face it, it's a must have, it's your favourite pair of jeans or possibly your favourite pair of knickers; you, but better, with Narciso at the leather bound steering wheel, cruising the Napa valley, tasting astringent wines that mellow with age, For Her in a Toyota Corolla.

It was only seconds after first applying Narciso Rodriguez for Her that I realized I’d need to spend some time with it. It’s appeal was immediate, but not easy for me to fathom. Its profile is distinctive and instantly recognizable,  yet every time I wear Narciso Rodriguez for Her I smell echoes of other scents. So while it does not smell at all like Angel, it shares partly in Angel’s uninhibited flamboyance, and completely in its willingness to play games with gender expectations. The animalic musk and woods at the core of Narciso Rodriguez for Her are no less “masculine” than the patchouli-soaked woody oriental accord beneath Angel’s fruity florals. 

On another wearing it occurs to me that Narciso Rodriguez for Her is a sort of modernist gloss on Chanel’s Bois des Îles, from apricot-inflected osmanthus and orange blossom top notes that reflect the Chanel’s peach and neroli, to the parallel construction of its musk and reconstructed sandalwood drydown. The “modernism” manifests itself in simpler construction, comfort with exposing blatantly chemical ingredients, and an overall sense of comparative bluntness.  If Bois des Îles is rendered in oils, Narciso Rodriguez for Her is an acrylic painting. Likewise, to borrow an anatomical metaphor, where Bois des Îles displays a glowing, unblemished skin, Narciso Rodriguez for Her reveals the skeleton beneath. 

These echoes of genre-defining woody oriental predecessors detract not a bit from the pleasure of wearing this scent. Perhaps that’s because, for all its embrace of the obviously synthetic,  Narciso Rodriguez for Her exhibits sufficient  balance and integrity to convince on its own terms. Too bad Rodriguez followed this up with the relatively insipid Narciso Rodriguez for Him. They’d have done better just to amp up the vetiver in this, put it in a different bottle, and sell it to the guys as well.

This is a review on EDP; the pink bottle.

My favourite perfume at the moment. 
It is unique & sexy. It has prominent rose & orange blossom notes but it’s not like a typical old lady’s scent; with the musky base notes, it is feminine and sensual and definitely for the women with confidence. It has really luxurious floral scents and smells absolutely beautiful on me. 

Years ago, in early spring, when I was strolling around Valencia city (Spain) enjoying the lit up historical buildings in the night, I ended up in the plaza with several stalls selling flowers. All the colourful spring flowers were radiant in the dark and, as I passed them, I was enveloped in the composite of floral scents filling the air. This fragrance reminds me of the magical feeling of that night.

I adore it!
EDT. Really nice. Feminine, but could easily be worn by a daring male.
Shouts it is a Kurkdjian work, has signature of him overall. It reminds me a mix of Lumiere Noire pour Homme&pour Femme, but of course leaning to the feminine side. Very classy and women who discover and wear this is very lucky (NR being not very popular brand here in my land) 
I think this scent is delightful. Light, sexy, with just a tiny bit of sparkle. 

Yes, it smells delightful--in the bottle. 

It smells nonexistent on my skin. I can barely smell anything. Other people can barely smell anything. They have to jam their noses right up against my skin to smell anything at all--a ghost of a scent. Heartbreaking. 

I have ben reduced to obsessively sniffing the bottle for my high. 

This is no way to live. 
Like walking into a florist's shop at midnight. Dense, musky, tropical flowers and foliage. Quite dreamy, for some reason it causes a nostalgic emotion in me. I get visions of Elizabeth Taylor and troubled love...uh, where was I?...this scent is very boudoir-like and old-fashioned. Also, doesn't have top quality composition, tends to fall apart in the end and display the hem of its synthetic underskirt.
This is for the EDT.
Words cannot accurately describe this fragrance. It is now my signature scent. 
It is sheer, somewhat translucent; yet very present, comforting in an exciting way(!), and concealingly enveloping. Very tactile indeed. It starts with a dominant note that I cannot identify at all, sort of like a incensey/smokey ghost note that can't be grasped. It has a "warm skin" quality that dominates, but not sun-kissed, as this is a night time scent for sure. The "ghost note" makes room for orange blossom, musk, woods and a few others I'm not familiar with. The honey flower note seems to last the longest on my skin. 

Irresistible super sophisticated concoction, one of the best "things" of the modern perfumery (I talk about the juice in the pink bottle, the EDP version, the one I've tested on my skin and that my girlfriend has worn for a period few years ago). First of all this is different, really different from the modern gassy-plastic lollipop kind new feminine concoctions around. Chic and glamour. The aroma is neither gourmand nor caramellous or powdery-synthetic (anyway in a sheer way), is instead averagely sharp, musky and slightly balmy but with a touch of classic exoticism and an outstanding floral discreet  sophistication. This is a modern fragrance that expresses a traditional , indipendent and solitary concept of femininity. The scent is musky, very musky and rosey with key roles played by orange blossoms, bergamot and amber. The mystery is enhanced by a silent lush sambac jasmine while the extreme sophistication owns a secret with the name of iris (anyway that's what i think). The aroma is at the same time erotic (may be also a touch of honey is hidden in the blend), sensual, almost corporeal, intimate and ethereal...a rarity. Something laundry and soapy, may be the combination of rose, iris and musk, sparkles in the air exuding from the complicated wake of orangy, rosey and ambery musk, sandalwood and hyper lush osmanthus. The femininity is intimate and a bit mysterious. A touch of vanilla and patchouli imprints more depth and silence. I figure on mind the image of a young, discreet girl elusive in the shadow.
One of the very few interesting compositions of the last decade among the designer's range. NR for Her is a tremendously radiant concoction of woods and flowers (mainly orange blossoms) laying on a masculine musky base. Its main appeal lies in its incredible distinctiveness made of an unmannered beauty and charme. Elegant but not affected, NR for Her takes immediately the distance from nowadays clean fragrances by introducing a bold ambery/musky base that continuely winks at many classic compositions from the past. At the same time its perfect balance and refinement make of NR For Her a very versatile fragrance that's perfect for both younger crowds as well as for mature wearers. Very good.

Let someone who's not into perfume smell this, and if he/she likes it you just discovered a new potential perfumista. A contemporary classic.
This is a dark, warm,and sexy fragrance. Not much floral in it at all on me. Sadly, it doesn't last as long as I wish it would. But I love it while it's there. 
This is one of my favorites.  A very sexy smell.  Maybe a bit too much honey flower (or whatever that is that smells like honey) for my taste.
It took me many years to warm up to this fragrance but I finally did. The white patchouli note in the base used to really jump out at me too much, so I never really tried wearing it. when I finally did I was so pleasantly surprised! it really calmed down on my skin, and turned into a unique and wearable fragrance. I think LT called it a "radiant wood", and that sounds about right. The osmanthus note is very very pretty, and this fragrance is a compliment-getter. Not the rarest scent out there, but a very special scent to me.
This review is for the EDT in the black bottle...

Wow!! I think this is pure sex in a bottle. At least it is for me! Beautiful, lusty, ambery musk at first...and then a sweet floral dry-down that teases and teases. 

During the first two hours of wearing this, it occurred to me that it smelled how I wanted a masculine cologne to smell on a woman. I realize that doesn't make much sense...but...I have a fascination with cologne and sometimes I think I have found the perfect masculine scent for me, and then, oh no, I find something about it I can't stand. The top and heart of this fragrance made me think about this because of its beautiful musk accord.

Beyond that, it does have a very unique floral dry-down, which is very interesting, as most perfumes are vice-versa. I'm not big into strong florals, but NR's trail suited me just fine...even wearing a suit today! It made me feel feminine, confident, AND sexy. 

Lasted almost ten hours, too, which is very impressive in my book. Now I see what all the hype was about!

Jan
13
2009 

(Edp Review)

I was waiting for a fragrance like this, honestly, today floral scents are beautiful but so weak, i still need some heavy and aggressive fragrance, just to feel alive again. In this case Narciso Rodriguez For Her definitely fulfill my expectations..

The initial notes are fairly woody and intense, then after a while powdery flowers with a strong presence of musk begin to bloom. The powerlasting is good. Just to add: This scent is not for everyone.
This fragrance is amazing, one of my all time favorites. The woody and musky overtones create a very sensuous and sophisticated fragrance, perfect for a night out. NR for her is all class. 
This parfume has got notes that are not easyly distinguishable. I couldn't say exactly what makes this scent smell of "woman". I can't detect fruits, flowers, or woods in its olfactive pyramid. There is a sort of unrecognisable ingredient that makes NR4her a sofisticated product. In my opinion this is a sign of modernity. Too bitter and "dirty" for me, but very nice.
I agree with angelica when she says that it's the 21st century's No 5! NR for her is so feminine, classy , radiant, modern but also traditionnal in its perfection and conception!Try it!
The 21st century's No 5...................................
I liked it. It is a well blended creamy musky and close to skin scent but is not weak or transparent. None of the notes hits your nose or comes front, has a nice harmony ;just a good choir would have. This harmony reminds me of the very first scent i had in high school; Babe was also so well blended that a friend of mine was suprised to see it is a perfume. It smelled a lot like skin and less like any common note. Whitemusk when balanced with fruits can do the magic. but do not take it easy as it has been tried thousands of times before and very rare of them got the justifiable repute of Narciso Rodriguez for Her.
After sampling the EDT and EDP several times on many occasions, I'd have to conclude that both seem to be very different scents altogether. Personally I prefer the EDP which I find creamier, much richer, more powdery, and has a more distinct floral sweetness to it. Both are synthetic smelling but in a good way like Clinique's Happy for Women. To me there isn't a hint of fruits at all in both concentrations. 
I am fascinated by the wildly confliciting opinions this perfume generates. I have to say I didn't think much of the EDT or EDP, not bad but nothing to make me charge for the register either. However, I am addicted to musks, and oils in particular work well for me. So I went for the Musc for Her, I think the scent translates so much better in this form, it's smoother, prettier, richer but still quiet. On me it's a innocent clean floral musk, a daytime fragrance . I just don't get the sexy vibe others mention. I guess my sexy is a little dirtier. I think it's quite pricey for a strictly daytime scent, however, the quality is there, the oil is thick, the scent is concentrated - just a dab or two really will do you all day. The packaging - opaque black bottle in a sturdy reusable black box is perfect for storing indefinately and even though I use this as frequently as any of my others, it will easily outlast them all.     
The one in the black bottle. You know that heady, invincibly sexy feeling you get when you're just the right shade of tipsy, the night is young, and you're looking like a million bucks? If that feeling were a fragrance, NR would be it.
it's the amber that is its downfall.  i can handle strong orientals and chypre and a light musk.  but without fail, an amber note will give me a headache and have me running to wash it off.  I love smelling it in the bottle.  but once it gets on my skin, i can't stand it.  
This review is for the EDT, which is the superior version of the two.The first words that came to mind upon smelling this on a smelling strip were:- Radiant- SeraphicOn wearing, it feels like the radiance of the sun at noon in an early spring day.It also smells like a niche perfume (Tocca's Cleopatra). Does not smell like SJP's Lovely at all to me (not too impressed with that one).This is marketed a feminine? Could've a fooled female coworker who thought it's a men's.Note: Tried the EDT. Not impressed with the EDP - cannot smell the EDP much at all, even after a few hours. The EDT lasts for 6-8 hours.
My fiance loves this scent - he apparently read about it in some or other men's glossy, tested it at the perfume boutique and came back weak-kneed.  I went hunting for it to test and I was not disappointed.  I like "ghost" fragrances - ones that are unusual ("not safe") and not overpowering (ones that people don't immediately comment on but ones that linger in a person's imagination until they smell the perfume somewhere else or on someone and immediately get reminded of you).  My signature perfume is Euphoria by Calvin Klein.  I have only used 2 perfumes in my entire lifetime: Tommy Girl by Hilfiger and now Euphoria.  My other favorite is Alien by Thierry Mugler and now, Narciso Rodriguez for Her EDP.  I love Rodrigues solely because it smells elegant without being girly and overtly feminine and it has the "ghost" effect.  For a perfume snob, Narciso has done very well.  I love it.

I have the EDP as a gift back in 2003, I still have it.  It's sophiscated, subtle and youthful unisex scent.  It can easily be mistaken as one of Serge Lutens creations.  A quiet warm woody oriental scent.  It has a nice depth of musc and complimented by all these ingredients all blended so well together, that musk eventually becomes skin scent.  A little pleasantly bitterness to my nose. Mmmmm....  Despite the fact that it's been around for awhile, and has been popular for awhile, like Envy and many other great creations, I should judge it as it is, a thumb up for Narciso Rodriguez for Her!
One of the most beautiful scents I've ever experienced. It's deep, feminine and extremely sexy. I have to agree with "hester" that it is a very intimate smell. It's so earthy and dusky, but also so smooth. It is very similar to SJP's Lovely, but it's not as flirty and light... it's much more sensual. One of my friends had a whiff of it and described it as 'mesmerizing' - i totally agree with her. Definitely makes the top 3 of my all-time favourite scents!
A nicely crafted fragrance, yet it smells very old. Like very old. It is the choice of many young women (a lot of friends of mine use it), yet I haven't met anyone that this frag suits. It is just too safe and smells very tired to my nose. Like insignificant. Gorgeous bottle though, true work of minimalist art. I wish the juice had matched the container.  
I have the EDT - I'm confused about this scent, because I see the EDP advertised with different scent notes - anyone know what's up with that???  Anyway, I LOVE the scent of the EDT and it works just perfectly for me - I love the little touch of honey you get right at the start of it, and the bits of woodiness that gradually seep in as the day progresses.  This is a perfect scent for summer ... or for recalling summer during the winter.  Lovely stuff.
So finally I got the Narciso Rordigues for Her, almost two years after it´s release in my country! It took a while to be able to try the EdP, that is why. On my skin the EdT and the oil don´t come out at all, but the EdP do instead! The EdP is a high quallity perfume, really longlasting, and keeping it´s tone all the way! Perhaps this is what I like the very most about this perfume! It is quite silent, but there all the time! I wonder if this is a summerfrag as well, I hope so! Two thumbs up for Narciso Rodrigues for Her EdP.
There can be nothing as sexy as this (I prefer the EDT)! A gay friend said it smells lovely, very intimate and 'like womens' underwear' (because he'd know!). I adore how this throws a cashmere-ey veil around me, how you mustn't try to get too close to smell it, how it radiates woman and sex and love.... mmmmmmmm! It could get too sweet on hot days, though, definitely, and its presence is stronger than the wearer suspects (must be the musk). If only it were at all affordable! In South Africa it's very much at the top end, price-wise.UPDATE: I bought it! The big bottle, too! Now I'm (perhaps unwisely) wearing it on an unseasonably hot day. We'll see how that pans out, but I sprayed with abandon last night, and this morning I still smelled like the best thing on earth. The way this stuff merges with your skin! LOVE.
An incredibly beautifully floral fragrance.  The balance and refinement is exquisite.   The opening presents a simple and direct use of orange blossom and osmanthus supported by the elegant ambers and vanilla of the heart notes.  The longevity of the top two levels is superb and the movement from top to middle, from middle to base is seamless.  The base completely measures up to the excellence that preceded it: an exquisite woods and musk transparency.   Without a doubt, Narciso Rodriguez is already a classic.
This perfume is so special.  The first time I discovered it, a sample body cream, I had to have it.  It has become my signature fragrance.  Yes the EDT and EDP are quite different, but yet the same!  The EDP definitely has a rosey aspect to it and a little more intense.  Love the drydown to that sun baked sand, amber, honey, so comforting.  I love the body cream also.  It's expensive, but worth every penny.  Couldn't be without this one.
I've only tried the EDT version, and enjoy it. A creamier, sexier version of SJP's Lovely (though NR came first). A sophisticated musk, it would be appropriate day or evening, in most situations.  I don't find it particularly sexy, but rather classic and and ladylike.
This is my current "go-to" fragrance.  I rarely wear anything else.  I own the EDP.  I found it sweeter on my skin, as it has a heavier "honey" note than then EDT.  Dry down is heavenly.... its currently been almost 20 hours since I put it on this morning.  It seems to have become part of my skin, as I can still sense it every time I brush my hair out of my face. 
After compulsively buying this wonderful Musc oil, and rationalizing "everything is expensive" now-a-days, and then having a wee guilt attack after...especially realizing I probably wasn't going to eat well this next week at the loss of $150...I must say I'd buy "Her" again in a heartbeat. I have been trolling for new fragrances these last few weeks, and been mostly disappointed in the lion's share of scents I could find locally. I asked myself what I used to like and wear when I was a young girl...would I still like those same things? Ahh, I remember...musks! Back in the 70s and 80s, when musk reigned supreme, natural was "in", and we were all in touch with the earth. The memories were happy and compelling. Then I found NR "Her Musc" and have been bowled over, taken prisoner, and scent-washed beyond redemption. A very quiet, rich, floral musc that merges with your own oils to create a warm exuberance on the skin. No sickeningly sweet anything here. Earthy, sexy, natural (much more sophisticated than those I used to wear!), and simply hedonistic. I couldn't ask for more...I'm still a musc girl in every way. The staying power of "Her" is unending...it's there until you wash it off...always quiet, always softly wafting nearly unconsciously through the brain. I also plan on buying the EDT or EDP at some point...they're beautiful as well...but I'm in no hurry...I've captured the weightier soul of the fragrance in this oil, and can wait for the lighter side until it beckons. I relish this find, and love wearing this nearly perfect fragrance. Notes:Honey Flower, Solar Musk, Orange Blossom, Osmanthus, Amberlyn, Vanilla, Tactile Musk, Tactile Woods, Vetiver.
This is a sexy, almost animalistic scent, yet at the same time very feminine, in an old-fashioned, classic perfume manner. The combination of the two - animalistic and feminine/ladylike results in a unique scent with true 'va-voom'!
This is a very seductive fragrance, a passing, over-the-shoulder glance in a floor-length gown. The EDT starts very rich, dark but not confusing or overpowering. An atypical musk accord, amber, and sweet woods combine to create a dense fragrance, a dark veil of sensuality. Similar (yet richer) to my nose in philosophy to Prada's feminine amber. 
For Her edt is a clean pretty musk on me but also has depth from honeyed notes and woods which I can't pick out. I used to own SJP Lovely as well as For Her but gave that one away because it was too light in comparison. I would describe For Her as a 'comfortably sexy in your own skin' scent.
I must say that I was shocked by the beauty of this fragrance.  Not only is this a high quality frag, I smells like a real rose not an interpretation of what rose smells like.  Very classy.
I wear the musc oil and love it. Did not care as much for the edt and the edp, which were somehow too heavy. The musc oil is whisper-light, sweet and clean smelling on me. It is pricey but worth it, IMO. It stands above the cheaper Egyptian musks out there. 
I was inspired by many of the threads I have read lately and had to try this.  In every other perfume I have, I prefer the EDP or perfume, but with this one I chose for the first time the EDT.  I fell in love at first sniff and I usually do not like musk, but this is so special and sexy.  I highly recommend it, but only if you can wear musk.  This is very mild, but lasted all evening and was still there in the morning.  Just love it!
I first smelled Narciso Rodriquez in Paris and I was intoxicated!  It was so chic, so sexy.  Very heady.  I felt like such an urban sophisticate.  I couldn't stop sniffing my wrist.  I imagined lying in bed smelling like this all over.  And then i bought the EDT (black bottle)  As I began using it, however, the drydown is an acrid Egyptian musk.  Just like the oil from the street vendors.  It immediatly makes my sinuses explode and I get a headache.  The fragrance is hard to remove.  But I love the way it smells...  I sampled the EDP (pink bottle) and the acrid smell is not there.  There is less musk and more flowers.  No headache.  For those of you who love the perfume but hate the headache, try the EDP.  Stay away from the EDT.
Narciso Rodriguez (EDP in the pink bottle) is one of the new "pink chypres," which is formulated without the "classic chypre" combination of bergamot + real oakmoss/treemoss + patchouli + labdanum and other, various assorted green, fruit, floral, and wood notes.  This new genre is not as wild and untrammeled, nor as pungent and unpredictable as the classic chypres could sometimes be.  However it succeeds in creating the delectible sweet/sour, salty/bitter, wet/dry contrasts that make a chypre so great . Narciso Rodriguez EDP is concocted of creative synthetic notes, but I smell rose, peach, vetiver, and musk.  As a man-made scent, it retains its characteristics and stays true from start to finish.  I am a fanatic for chypres and own and wear many, both new and old, well-known and niche.  (See my wardrobe.)  My teenage daughter thinks most of them smell too "old" for her, but she fell in love with a little pink tester of Narciso Rodrigurez (not the black bottle, which is a honey/orange blossom/musk and lacks the rose/peach note.)  I think this is a fine introduction to chypres for the young generation.  Good job.
Love this one, it reminds me of Lovely by Sarah Jessica Parker. The EDP is more fruitier then the EDT, love the EDP version more because the fresher notes seem to stay longer. It may occur strange but I often use this one in combination with Cristalle... everyone wants to know what I'm wearing because it's gorgeous!! 
I love this fragrance. It is so gorgeous and intriguing. The notes of honey and solar musk are to die for. 

Sharp opening.  Tea note isn't bad.  More like a strong tea, with sugar, no cream.  The top is nothing really special for me.  The heart is better, with a deep floral vibe.  Orchid, is lovely and noticeable.  Jasmine?  Nice.  Freesia?  Barely here.  The rose isn't strong, overdone.  Patchouli is sweet.  Overall a lovely "designer" frag but, not one I would buy full-bottled.
Floral sweetness incarnation. Good sillage, projection and longevity, but it gets fastly uninteresting. 
This is a lovely scent. Delicate, but full of presence. Earthy florals with a decent amount of sweetness. This has a lot of popular elements. I think, in the future, when people want to reflect on the scents of this time period, this will be closely tied to that scent memory (like how aldehydes tie to the 40s/50s). 

This has a moderate sillage for the first 2 hours and then it becomes a skin scent. Lasting power is about 7 hours on dry skin in warm weather. 

Beautiful and self-empowering sort of scent. Lends itself to romantic atmosphere, but not entirely inappropriate for work. Day or night. Thoroughly enjoy!
Salutation.

Yes FLOWER BOMB!A Needful example for any professional Collection.Definitely pure Tempting in a Bottle!Elaborate like all creates By Carlos Benaim& Olivier Polge.Classy,Romantic, Appealing,Expensive,Feminine,Gorgeous,Hot and Elegant.

The scent is definitely more Floral.In fact Sophisticated scent of Floral.The refreshing top of Bergamot.It is Sweet but not too sweet.Great notes that makes it High Class and Feminine as it command attention.

The bottle is as Bold as The scent.it is fantastic for ROMANTIC mood like a Bomb!A Beautiful perfume for a Beautiful Lady.Heavy for daily Use but Great for EVENING.Surely for WINTER.If you like a Expensive Smell for your wife this one just for you.

Sillage?Great.

Longevity?You can spray it in the Evening and it will stay with you until the Morning.

Thank You V&R

7.75/10 
Head-clearing top notes energize me.It wears down smooth and sexy.Don't know the vernacular yet, but I have the nose of a Bloodhound.I am EXTREMELY picky, there are only a handful of Fragrances I can wear without running to the shower and changing my clothes.I love it,from start to finish.
Flowerbomb to me is a sweet candy like smell which i love in a perfume, the bottle is also very nice. Unfortunately for me the perfume seems to dissapear after only a couple of hours. If you like Flowerbomb you could also tryD AND G POUR FEMME as this has a similiar smell to me,,,,,, In fact this is the one i choose first now before my Flowerbomb. 
Very, very sweet. I don't get the floral notes very much though. It smells more to me like a sweet shop (which is still very very very good).

When you spray this on your body, it is almost exactly like a bomb of sweets has gone off. The top note for me (which is quite surprising) is Candy Floss.

This is, however, a summer fragrance (even though it is not branded as such). In the winter this would smell almost... wrong.

I like this, and were it not for the existence of Loverdose by Diesel, I would have purchased a bottle by now.
Very sweet floral. The strangest thing is, in my mind the first notes I detect are of sugar-coated fennel seeds..the kind that are served as an after-dinner treat at Indian restaurants. Just don't understand how it could have descended from Angel..I hated that one..but quite like Flowerbomb.   
    I cant stop talking about this scent. When I wear it men turn around to find out what it is - I only wear three scents - this one, Christopher Dicas and Fracas- all of them get great attention but this one FLOWERBOMB EX - well this is another animal! I search for it because the department stores only sell it during Christmas...
A Juicy bomb. A very intoxicating scent. I love to smell this on a woman with one spray cause it projects well. Bergamot ,patchouli blended in this beautiful scent. Damn
I first smelt this when it was released in 2004, loved it but never thought I'd own it because of the price. Over the next six or seven years I would smell it every time I went into a department store that sold it, dreaming. And then last year my brother bought me it (I'm sure you can imagine my happiness). I love the sweet sharpness of it - though it seems to have got sharper and less sweet as time as passed (though it may just be that my tastes have changed)
I smelled this on another woman and loved it.  On myself, it is less impressive, but I don't know why.  It's a well-balanced floral with sweetness, and creaminess, with no particular note standing out.  And it must have patchouli, or I wouldn't give something in this genre a second thought.   It's beautiful, but it's not outstanding enough for me to be sure that I would stay interested enough throughout the duration of a full bottle.

love this so much, its ever lasting and so wow, every time i wear this someone comments all the time in a good way too! nice big bottle too, cant go wrong with this
I was initially ambivilent about this frag, and rather rolled my eyes at the sugary fluffy opening notes (bergamot and tea, I think not) which in my opinion since Angel have been overdone, and are a tad childish. However, FB dries down to a lovely rosy patchouli that I am quite keen on, and because of this, find myself testing and re-testing it. It eases into something warm and comforting, yet sophisticated. The sillage is good but not offensive, and I think it can be worn day or night.
Not your usual sickly sweet perfume!I am usually attracted to fresh green scents and have found that most sweet scents just sit on my skin and smell gooey sweet or very strong.  When a clerk at a store sprayed Flowerbomb for someone else while I was walking away from the perfume, it smelled so wonderful that I turned around & walked back to find out what it was.  When she handed me the bottle I was so disappointed because it was so sweet--and explained that while I liked it, it would NEVER work on me.  Still, she slipped a sample in my bag.  I wish I knew what her name was so that I could thank her!  I tried it a few weeks later and it didn't get sappy & sickly sweet like many other sweet fragrances do on me--just a nice soft scent. I disagree that it smells like cotton candy or that it is sugary sweet--but keep in mind that I usually can't wear any sweet scents, so it clearly is mixing differently with my chemistry than it does with the usual person.I just love this scent--which surprises me--it is the freshest "sweet" smell I have found!If you would like to try a sweet scent but have difficulty with excessive sweetness, give this one a try--it might just work for you!
I'm a convert. I initially wrote this off as the lovechild of Angel and Pink Sugar. I love Angel and I really like Pink Sugar, so I was more disappointed with Flowerbomb's lack of originality than the fragrance itself. But something prompted me to try it again, and now it's on my Wish List.  It starts off sweet but fresh, like cotton-candy and lemonade, and this is where I compare it to Pink Sugar. The citrus is bright and slightly tart, but soft...like creamy lemon curd, and I can already smell the jasmine coming through. I definitely get flowers, most noticeably the jasmine, but there are others shyly making an appearance every now and then - a bit of rose and something subtly spicy that could be freesia. It seems ambery and I agree with Aries81, it's very reminiscent of Alien due to the jasmine....so much so that I'm surprised it's not mentioned more frequently (but I don't, thankfully, get anything remotely resembling Tresor - I can't tolerate its musty/dusty peaches and roses accord.)  I don't get a lot of burnt-sugar sweetness in Flowerbomb - no caramel, but something sweetly creamy/buttery/ambery and resinous. I've seen other sources list a sandalwood note, and I would agree with that. The patchouli is the clean kind - powdery and fresh. (Btw - I don't like Coco Mademoiselle. I certainly get the comparison but to my nose their similarities are very superficial and mostly about the patchouli. I don't get a nice jasmine from Coco Mad if any at all. Flowerbomb is all about the jasmine. And after getting to know it a bit better, I can't seem to find what I initially perceived as a similarity to Angel - that's just gone. It, too, was probably very superficially about the patchouli.)This isn't an explosive or loud fragrance at all, so as others have noted, the name isn't particularly appropriate, even in its kitschy cutesy-ness....although the fragrance is a bit more casual and fun than formal or elegant, so I suppose the presentation isn't too bad. But presentation aside, the fragrance is the real story and I think it's wonderful - womanly and luxurious, sultry and sexy, smooth and luscious. I just love every element of it - from start to finish. And it finishes beautifully, and lingers for quite a while.  I'm very pleased to see that V&R have several bath and body products in the line - I can only imagine how heavenly the Voluptuous Body Cream is. 
I really like it. It's a heck of a lot like another "expensive" perfume of its ilk, Curve Vintage Soul. And even in that Flowerbomb is like Coco Mademoiselle. The citrusy patchouli drydown really gives that away.  Even then it's the jasmine "florals". And another commonality is Flowerbomb shares the patchouli, musk and vanilla (what doesn't?) with Coco Mademoiselle. Flowerbomb is much more floral and sweet patchouli and is not as vibrant as Coco Mademoiselle nor as open and "clean as Vintage Soul. Now contrary to the "flower" name, Flowerbomb dries into a patchouli musk with touches of vanilla. Oh yeah, and there's rose but it's overpowered by everything else going on. The EdP is fantastic but the EdT is so mild that it just kills the essence.
When I went to Dillards to give my friend her sample Of Above by Fred Miller (www.FredHMiller.com) the vendor gave me a sample of this. This is one of the best perfumes I have smelled in a long time! I was told that this is V&R first women's perfume, & they nailed it! A Very Pretty Floral Fragrance!
wow!!! i died and went to the big candy store in the skysooooo sweet and sugarythe most gourmand vanilla sugar fragrance ever, right next to angel
WOW! That was my first reaction to this beauty. Instant love at first sniff! Very sweet, but somehow Flowerbomb pulls off the sweetness without being cloying. The delicate floral notes wrap around the sweetness to produce a smooth creaminess that is pure decadence. Intoxicating! Reactions from female friends are somewhat "meh", but my male friends practically started drooling on me!I cannot detect the bergamot note at all. In fact, I am skeptical that it's really there at all! Bergamot seems to astringent to mix with the other notes here. A light tea moving rapidly to light jasmine is what I get. The middle notes last the longest on me; I only get the faintest notes of rose. Truthfully, there doesn't seem to be any drydown; like Ultraviolet (another winner for me) Flowerbomb has a very quick opening followed by hours of an unchanging middle. I also do not detect any patchouli, in fact was surprised to see it listed as a note. I suspect a light hand was used with the patchouli, and it is probably that note that keeps the sweetness in check. Not super long lasting on me, but with my chemistry that is typical (only about 4-5 hours at best).All thumbs up for me!
I only recently discovered Flowerbomb and tested it several times before deciding its charms were collection-worthy. There's more sugar than flowers, but the rose definitely comes through in a soft, powdery, sweet sort of way. Amber isn't listed in the notes but it's definitely there (to my nose) and warms everything up nicely. The tea comes through as well, as does the freesia. I believe the jasmine note is of the sambac variety, which I instinctively gravitate toward, and which smells more liquid, powdery and light than any other species of the plant (for reference, see Alien). The patchouli is a very clean version of itself - hardly there, in fact. Nothing like the patchouli hangover of Angel (which I adore but which would ruin this lovely feminine). I detect a slight hint of chocolate, as well. I used to own and adore Bath & Body Works' Sensual Amber, which is very similar to Flowerbomb, but with fruity notes replacing FB's chocolate.The lasting-power is good, as it is with most powdery, rose scents. In structure, I would certainly compare it to Alien, and  it has that same, sweet-rosy-powdery vibe that Tresor offers, only much softer and "pinker," and with a tea accord keeping it just slightly brighter. I think over-applying this scent will keep it from developing. It stays close to the skin however, so over-applying won't leave a strong trail of sillage in your wake. My guy smells caramel and I did too, on the test strip, but on my skin, it's a different story. Sometimes, when the weather's colder, I get more of a grape-juice-and-tea smell at first, which fades down to a very sweet jasmine. Other days, when my body temperature rises, I get more rose, more chocolate, and more of the powdery amber which is my favorite part. On the test strip, as my guy correctly noted, it smells of the trick-or-treat candy bags of our youth. He was sweet enough to get me a refillable bottle of this juice for Valentine's Day and I could not love the bottle more! The black V&R tab of the original has been replaced with a pink, metallic tab which matches the cap. It's overall, a thicker, rounder bottle and extremely original (though the juice may not be). Definitely recommended for anyone who likes Tresor, Alien, Lipstick Rose, or other sweet scents.
The first time I smelled this it must have turned under the lights and on top of the hot glass case at the department store. I purchased two bottles to sell overseas to  French West African clientele when I rediscovered this perfume. Wow is all I can say. It is somewhat reminiscent of Coco Mademoiselle BUT in my opinion more modern and wearable than C.M. (which my mother wears and seems way too dry and dead after a bit). Men love it and everyone asks about it-after all we wear perfume to attract the opposite sex, and it seems to me that the compliments I get from them are a positive. I only wear one other sweet floral and that is Carolina Herrera but this is a departure. I disagree with the negative comments on this one. It is extremely sexy and I wear it for every occasion. This is not a young woman's perfume. I just read more reviews about this and I think it is really very silly for people to compare some other scents as though they are exactly the same, Coco Mademoiselle is not even close and Angel is very chocolate-y and not even similar.
fairly young floral. for ages 35 and under i would think. very sweet jasmine, and patchouli without ever being to cloying. at least they did not over think this one as the men's version "antidote" has 25 different notes!!! i like them both though.
Interesting name, appealing bottle and good marketing made me try this scent in the mall... I sniffed the bottle first then gave up trying it on my skin as I thought it was another sweet sugary smell out there.Found it ordinary... But two weeks ago, a lady who I met in a conference was wearing a perfume which was amazing, she said it was Flowerbomb. Couple of days later another lady in the office was wearing a very good perfume and she said it was Flowerbomb, again. So I tried it again on my skin and changed my mind about it. Because it develops on your skin in a very good way. I cannot detect bergamot, tea and flower notes much, except jasmine, it blends with patchouli very well and becomes milky. This is definitely not an Angellike overly sweet perfume, not offending, and quite good choice for night and special occasions... Oh by the way, drydown reminds me of Gloria of Cacharel (although the notes are not similar)
I fell in love with this when it came out. I only where it during warm weather.  My dr. who has never commented on anything "personal" asked what smelled so good when he came into the examining room.  Now I have gone there for 15 years on a regular basis.  I find it to be sexy and I feel confident when I am wearing it. 
I love it, like I love Allure and cafe (an older fragrance). I like sweet fragrances and this one is perfect and last for many hours. I almost gave up buying it because the grenade bottle that remember me war, I hate it! But it smells so good I couldn't resist!It's pricey here in Brazil, but it's irresistible, my husband loved it!
Every afternoon in a local gym a ripped, rich, middle-aged estate agent with loads of attitude struts her stuff in a cloud of Flower Bomb, in the firm belief that she's da bomb. This cloud to me reeks of grainy, unclean patchouli on wilted flowers. Not at all objectionable, but perhaps a bit too much in a semi-crowded gym where ventilation can be an issue from time to time. All this doesn't mean to say that I won't be testing it on myself soon, make NO mistake...
The only thing missing from this fragrance is the orchestra. I am both repulsed and fixated by this near to parfum. At once, I resent the powdery languide of the middle note's predictable miss on seduction. But let it wait, like an overdressed girl on a park bench. Let it wait, the tension alone will elicit immediate attention, as the base notes politely demand. Sugar, spice and everything you'd better keep your eye on. This scent reminds me of Belgium beer and very tan boys. There is a definate bang to the end, which you are bound to find satisfying. Enjoy! 
This one is spicier than I thought --from the sweet n fruity reviews I figured it would be like candy sweet but the tea note and patchouli make it a really sexy scent and only sweet until it warms up and blossoms on the skin. It reminds me of other scents though, still if I was given a bottle I'd certainly wear it. 
I love it.... words can't explain.
disappointing!It's too fruity and sweet on me, just like "candy floss" as lots people described. I get the tea note which I like, but it was blocked by that cloying-and-never-cease sweetness...  I just wonder where the flower is. If I want some candy, I'd rather go for a bottle of  hilton's heiress, at least it's much cheaper!Maybe all these are due to body chemistry. but since quite a lot people felt same as me, I think is wise to have a test befor purchase.

Flowerbomb is great.  I really like it when my lady wears it. I love it from to to base...
It is absolutely amazing that their are so many people that are smelling burnt sugar and carmel and stuff....sticky sweet, sugary etc.  WOW!  I don't get that.  I do like RoseAmber's review, that describes it with light citrus-florals and powdery vanilla, etc.  THAT, I get.  It IS beautiful.  It's fresh and brilliant.  I have such a sensitive nose and am not the biggest perfume WEARER, more of a hobbyist...but for me this is very wearable and soooo agreeable with my chemistry.  So far, all have really liked it on me...even those who are not afraid to wince with disgust for other perfumes.  Flowerbomb, who cares what it's called or how the bottle is shaped???  Maybe the reviews are so poor because of the people expecting a certain kind of fragrance and this not being that.  People should just try it...I almost didn't because of the others it was likened to, so I crossed it off of my list to try.  Go figure, I accidentally tried it and love it!!!
This fragrance is amazing! It lasts forever, sometimes when I'm doing my laundry I can smell it on my clothes weeks after I've worn them. I always get tons of compliments when I wear it and whenever I smell it on someone else I think it smells amazing.
flowerbomb..not impressive but sensualsweet and warm  should be worn in the daytime or weekends. 
I'm not usually a fan of floral, but Flowerbomb is absolutely amazing, i'm obsessed
I melt everytime i smell this...as a guy,everytime i get a chance to go to a dept. store to see scents...this would be the first or second scent i would ask for a sample just to smell...amazing theme and concept on the name and bottle construction...it is a floral explosion...i forced one of my friends to put it on...and for the rest of the day...shopping around the mall...i could still smell it...perfect...
I recently sampled this at Nordstrom's on a female customer's wrist.  It's very similar (but a bit less "foody") than Angel.  The two are very similar, but I think FB is more feminine, and has greater mass appeal, than Angel.  Viktor and Rolf claim 16+ hours longevity, and sillage is excellent.  Of the two, FB is superior to Angel IMO, and is more suited to the more discreet and discriminating 30+ woman.  If you are into gourmand (edible) fragrances you can't go wrong with this one.  It is expensive, but also exclusive.  If you like the candy style but want to stand out from the crowd, this is the one to buy.
I love this scent. I particurally like the patchouli element in the dry down. It's floral, but in an unusual way but not at all prissy. I don't know what it is, but on me there is a very sweet element to it. Not the scent of a definate food, but a lovely sweetness.
Flowerbomb (quite appropriate name) is wonderrrfull! haha only way to put this one. My friend and I tried this one out for his younger sister--keep in mind she is young and I agree with La Senora that this can be very..youthful;). Regaurdless it just evoked this happiness in both of us, this sort of unvoluntary smile. It was very similar, in this effect and in scent as well, to a Creed frag we tried once some time back. Unfortunately we CANT remember the name and it kills me. I liked the drydown as well: reminds me a bit of something similar to YSL Cinema, but it has its own character from it as well.Just try it...Im not really a floral  fan anyway =\HOWEVER it seems important to this fragrance particularly that I note we tried it on paper on not yet on skin.
I want it! One thing I noticed is that on me, the scent does change. Strange as it may sound, it becomes masculine. I've always liked pushing the gender barrier, like Viktor & Rolf say, look for the contrast: this is my No. 1 rule. No drag obviously, just that I'm a man, I know what I want and I do what I want. I want pearls.
I love this perfume. On my way home, I stopped at the store at London Heathrow airport to kill time. I tried on flowerbomb and was very impressed by the smell. It's lovely. 
WOW!  I just love this Flowerbomb!  Everything about it is remarkably unique.  The bottle, the name, the fragrance notes...the way they "explode & smolder" ~ simply brilliant!  There has been so much extreme opinion on this one, but I personally find it attractive and wearable! 
Ijust recently purchased Flowerbomb.  It does last on my skin.  Since I love orientals the most, especially woody-orientals, I was surprised that I would like this as much as I do.  I find it to be just the right balance for someone who avoids florals and wants a softer, sweet floral.  It is not too intense for me. A miracle for this oriental fanatic! 

A synthetic fall and winter gourmand fragrance that manages to stand out from the crowd with a tiramisu twist. Not groundbreaking or mindblowing by any means, but it has decent performance and nets great compliments. People love this one. It is pretty synthetic, and the opening is a nauseating alcohol blast typical of cheapie synthetic frags, but it evaporates after about 5 minutes and the nutty sweetness begins to take over. If you can find it for cheap it's not a bad pickup. 
Oh boy, how come still not hyped? Is it fabulous? No. Unique? No. Solid good? Yes. Surprised that some of those youtubers (no need to name them) didn't review it.

Tiramisu + boozy sweet. Creamy and somewhat powdery. Not my game, but I like it and would wear it regardless. For autumn and winter only as it is too heavy.

Aggresively strong and sweet. Shares the style with many fragrances, but has its own particular character. Namely those frags wouls be: CK Obsession For Men, Chanel Allure Homme, Guerlain Ideal, Boss The Scent/Scent Intense, Armani Code Profumo etc.

Not for everybody this one. Not for the kids because it has a dose of maturity. Not for the older men because at the same time it has a dose of something flippant, frivolous maybe. For 35+ crowd who have their own vision of life, not caring for other people's opinion. 


Originality 6/10
Scent 8/10
Longevity 9/10
Projection 9/10
_____________________
80%
[Wow...I recently noticed that SF Uomo's bottle looks almost EXACTLY like the one for Lalique's L'Insoumis EdT...coincidence or ???]

Salvatore Ferragamo's Uomo strikes me as copycat and unique all at the same time: A mix of woods, spices, tangy citrus, and sweet gourmand notes that seem quite common a formula nowadays (one recent similar  outing is Armani's Stronger With You; another albeit not quite as similar is Yves Saint Laurent's Y pour Homme); yet Uomo exudes its friendly casual masculine character in a special enough way that is not pedestrian. 

The presence of tonka in Uomo understandably draws comparison to the A*Men Pure Tonka scent, which I have grown to appreciate.  Yet Uomo has so much more going on, and the tonka is a strong supporting part rather than the dominant, bottom-line note in this fragrance.  

Personally, I have found that Uomo fits my fast-paced restaurant work environment and appears to be appreciated by my fellow co-workers. It is a balanced potion that lives up to its press release: 

“A sense of elegance and beauty. All the optimism and joy of a real smile. The ability to be modern, yet also timeless; to seize the day. All of this is part of the story of Uomo Salvatore Ferragamo, the new fragrance for men. A potion of pure Italian style.”

Definitely worth a sample spritz and consideration as a part of ones daily wardrobe.
Sweet, Tiramasu... Woody and a nice alternative to all other winter offerings.
Very pleasant smelling, perfect for casual wearing, as it isn't a beast in the longevity or the projection. 
So if you like the very sweet then give this a blast. Very warm and pleasant. 

i have totally changed my view on this. Smells amazing and sexy and cozy. good sillage and longevity.I get the baked caramel smell and its just really comforting and pleasant.I find it gourmand and rich smelling.
I really enjoy wearing this..although it is dominated by a sugary coffee note it is excellently blended with orange blossom and the ambroxin. It never gets too sickly either, When it first goes on it feels unisex but once the dry down starts it gets more masculine and you'd swear there was a touch of iris in the 4hr mark. It gets lots of positive attention from the females, which surely is the main reason we wear scents. I do think ferragamo have hit the mainstream jackpot with this, usually this sort of blend is reserved for the niche fragrances although the syntheticness gives that away.
As i waited seating in a restaurant for the waitress bring me the menu, some of the other clients were having their desserts already serving, and all of a sudden my nose catches a sweet-and-smoky note that makes me wonder wich of those cakes or creamy delights smells like that! Few seconds later I realize it's just Uomo wich I sprayed onto myself about an hour ago.

 It shares some notes with PR 1M and Valentino Uomo Intense, where this one settles just right in the middle of a full-retail mainstream EDT and a fashion house gourmand scent. While some may say it's too sweet, I like this approach of a young men fragance wich will make ladies keep close to their skin just to have some more of that sugar delight.

Longevity? First 3-4 hours like a blast from the kitchen, then it dries down to a more subtle scent that's still recognizable for the heart notes of it's gourmand blend. Totally recommendable if you're ok with not the typical "fresh and clean" men fragance and want to get a bit further with those dessert-lover ladies ;)
Salvatore Ferragamo Uomo is definitely one of the more hyped designer men's releases of 2016,an for good reason---the purported tiramisu note and the amount of coverage it's received each merit some attention from gourmand lovers like myself.

That said, Uomo is still pretty impressive, all things considered.  Many seem to classify it as cloyingly sweet, but I regard it more as a sweet blend with more traditional aromatic masculine elements.  The tiramisu is front-and-center but doesn't dominate the fragrance nonetheless.  The sweetness is paired with sharper elements to start and in the dry down the experience becomes smoother, more relaxing.  It's slightly spicier at the opening due to the cardamom and black pepper, which give way after about an hour to the tiramisu and eventually to woods and tonka in the dry down.  I admit I don't get much bergamot or orange blossom at all--not really any citrus or floral contributions at all to this.  It's mainly a sweet and woody composition to my nose, which is fine by me.

On performance, it's above average for an EDT, projecting significantly from the onset and having good longevity, as lingers just beyond the skin for 6 hours or more overall.

As expected, Uomo ought to work better for colder weather, and its projection is significant enough at the start to cut through colder temperatures, but it's modest enough to work on warm weather evenings, as well, as an alternative to a heavier-hitting option that might prove a little cloying in the summer, even at night.

I imagine this would be better for men but women could surely still wear it, as there's nothing especially masculine about it in the traditional sense, except perhaps for the spices at the opening.  But in the dry down especially, it's just a sweet/woody blend that could work for any gender or age.

On price, it's not terrible from a retail standpoint ($90 for 100ml) but on FragranceX, at only $55 for 100ml, it's a great value., so this is definitely one I'll need to consider buying while it's this cheap to start.

8 out of 10
Salvatore Ferragamo Uomo has a simply beautiful opening.  The dry down is not as satisfying, but still very good.  While I wouldn't recommend a blind buy, I think most fragrance aficionados will find SF Uomo a worthwhile addition to their collections.

Smell 8.5/10
Projection 9/10
Longevity 9/10



Very interesting in a good way.
This morning i sprayed this on and walk out of the room. The spice was prominent on opening but quickly transitioned to this tiramisu note (more to me like the coffee liqueur you would find in a tiramisu) and i would definitely put this in gourmand territory.
Shortly after, i walked in to the room where i had sprayed this and could still pick up the bright ope i g in the air. On my skin it had settled down to a lovely sweetness. 
Seven hours later, this is basically a skin scent now and the predominant thing i pick up is a faint lipstick iris reminiscent of Dior homme.
Just a lovely scent.

My favourite fragrance of all time.

The addition of a ‘dirty’ jasmine and herbs to a sparkling lemon top creates a real ‘thirst quenching’ effect that the citrus itself could never achieve. I liken it to the effect of a good cup of English Breakfast Tea - it’s not a cold, sparkling beverage but it has such a balance of invigoration and depth that when done properly will quench your thirst like nothing else.

Eau Sauvage is a timeless, intimate, ‘gentlemanly’ and versatile fragrance. A real joy to wear.
What can you say about a classic like Eau Sauvage that hasn't already been said?

So I'll keep it brief: it's an impeccably made, perfectly balanced, anywhere-anytime creation with a gorgeous lemon-citrus opening and an herbal heart. It gets as close to "timelessness" as fragrances can get.
I had a revelation last summer (in June-July 2019), when I stayed for one month in an airb&b rental apartment located in a hilly residential area near Porta Romana of Firenze, Italy. To my utter astonishment and great delight, every morning, when I climbed upstairs from the bedrooms to the living room / kitchen area, I was invariably greeted by a natural fragrance wafting through the wide-open windows from the villa's private garden, that was identical to Eau Sauvage. Voila, now we know it: Monsieur Roudniska must have spent some time during summer in the Tuscan hills near Firenze and the fragrance that envelops them in June-July provided the inspiration for his iconic creation without equal! 
I've had bottles of Eau Sauvage - both the current version and the vintage, and they are both wonderful. I do notice the lack of oakmoss in the current version, but it's not that different. This perfume was never an oakmoss bomb that had to suffer an unfortunate reformulation. In all its versions, I find it an incredibly refined fresh/green fragrance, with hints of lemon, lime, basil, hints of florals and faint whispers of woody-mossy notes all culminating into an accord of breathtaking beauty and immaculate sophistication. It is notoriously weak, especially faint rather than short-lived (it does last a few hours as a skin scent with a liberal application), but this is a perfume where it's all about quality over quantity. 


4/5
It smells like classical cologne but it’s got a very nice twist of musk that makes it deeper. Very good, and it could be considered as unisex. 
My all time favorite. My grandfather, who was born in Italy and came here later on, wore this every day. He said it reminded him of his basil in the garden he kept. To this day, I can still smell it on his old clothes we keep, and still have one of his old bottles he never finished. 

Yes, silage is low and it does not last that long, but I find it lasts longer when sprayed on clothes in warmer weather. There is a slight differnce in the vintage vs. the new re-formulation. I find the vintage to be just a little more "heavy", and the newer lighter. 
I'll start with a confession: For me, there's currently no fragrance that tops Eau Sauvage. So why write yet another raving review if I'm just another fanboy? Because don't think I am. And if I am, then I hope that you can at least learn something from what I've experienced. So here's my story - it's rather a long one, but bear with me - or just skip to the part that says "Kid, there's...". 

First of all, Dior Eau Sauvage isn't the same as Dior Sauvage, so those of you looking for the Johnny Depp Sauvage, kindly go find the right page.

Now… A few years ago (it may sound ridiculous for some, but it was as far back as 2014), I started looking for a gentlemanly scent, something with style, something to impress, a scent that my favourite characters from books, film or TV would wear. I was, in short, looking for something to attract the ladies. Eau Sauvage was the fragrance that came up the most in my online searches. It was mentioned as _the_ classic, something that Steve McQueen swore by, and the product of one of the stars of perfumery, Edmond Roudnitska.

So I tried that Eau Sauvage, bought a 50ml bottle - and was less than impressed. In fact, I went back to the store I bought it in and complained about it lasting only an hour or so on my skin, nothing at all like what I'd expected from my internet "research". I was told that it was a very light citrus summer scent and was fobbed off with a whole bunch of samples (most of which I don't really care about and still keep in a box, including what the shop owner professed to be her favourite, Dior Homme).

I wore that 50ml bottle, wearing at least two sprays at a time, for quite a while - trying a lot of others in between. I was spending a lot of time travelling internationally by plane and I really did try a lot of other scents. Still, I regularly came back to that weak citrus cologne.

One day, about a year ago, I got my hands on a vintage bottle of Eau Sauvage, sealed and from the 90 judging by the box. I tore into it like a kid at Christmas, unscrewed the lid, put some on my arm and... was underwhelmed, again.

By that time my fling with perfumery had turned serious. I wasn’t spraying on nearly as much as before. And I'd bought essential oils, resins and other partially very expensive ingredients, started smelling, comparing and mixing, the results amounting to the same thing as my reading - that perfumery was much more about exact measures and how the individual substances reacted with each other than how I imagined them to smell in my head, all the time still looking for something like the ultimate attractant.

I'm going to skip a few steps and just tell you what I'd tell myself back in 2014:
I'm still using Eau Sauvage, the modern version mostly, because it's easy to wear, unobtrusive, agreeable. It's become my signature scent without me noticing it, really.
I like to wear the vintage version on occasion (I just have to add that there's hardly any resemblance to the new one, the old one has much more character, it's much more capturing - but it has made me feel like I were trapped in a bubble of flatulence twice now in certain surroundings. There must be some strange chemical reaction I can't place yet...) but the new version remains the juice I've used most of over the years. I've even started mixing it with some of my raw materials. Now, I always have a 5ml bottle of it mixed with some myrrh tincture, sandalwood and oud ready - I jokingly like to call it my personal Ruthvah, but hey - 

Kid, there's no such thing as a love potion number whatever. I've tried a lot of things that claimed to be. So-called pheromones, Calone, Hedione, Iso E Super, ambergris, civet, castoreum. None turned out to be more than the thing that really counts: belief in yourself.
So what all this ranting boils down to is this: wear what makes you feel the way you want to. For me, this is it.
Oh dear jeebus. I adore the modern stuff, but vintage is just properly blow your mind amazing. 

Whichever way you choose to buy it it, Eau Sauvage is a men's classic that every gent ought to have on his shelf at least once. 

The opening is glorious - lemon that dips between presenting perfectly naturally to having a candied edge, cumin and rosemary giving a ruggedly spicy, almost leathery touch and then to me developing into a wickedly smooth finish. 

If you haven't given it a try yet, I'd consider starting with the modern formulation to see if you like the DNA, then consider hunting vintage because this isn't exhorbitantly expensive (yet). 
I love this, it is a fairly dry citrus.  Herbal and manly.  Smells well groomed.  It is polite, and not overtly brash like many of its contemporaries.  It doesn't fade instantly, but sooner than I would consider good.  Say below average longevity, but not poor.  
While I am a bigger fan of the Eau Sauvage Parfum version, this is the one that set the stage for my decades-long love of what is arguably a classic, excellent men's fragrance.

What I enjoyed about Eau Sauvage is that it's a longer lasting, more layered potion than the typical eau de cologne citrus scents out there. It is very bracing and exudes a fresh masculine impression that still is appreciated after over 40 years in existence.

Eau Sauvage is a nicely blended citrus-spice fragrance that also accented by floral notes like carnation and jasmine. It's tangy-musky goodness of the most elementary, no-nonsense kind.

I enjoy the Parfum version as it is a lush, intense rethink of Eau Sauvage. But it's up to you which level of intensity would work for your personality and occasion.
Try both out, as each are fairly easy to find on most fragrance tester counters at a department store near you.
A Classic. So fresh. Still so relevant. Still so nice after all these years.

Worth having a bottle in the collection. 
THE icon of male french perfumery, whether you enjoy it or not, many have exhorted its beauty here and elsewhere and I won't add to it.
It's a french cultural institution, sitting at number 4 in sales as I'm writing this (2018), behind Bleu, Sauvage and Terre, it says a lot considering its 1966 launch that it's still this popular having survived and thrived through the power 80's, ghastly ozonic 90's, and the current "blue" chemical spill aka spiky """woods""". It can still be smelled everywhere in France, in the subway, in line at the boulangerie etc.. I sincerely hope it'll still be in the top 5, 50 years from now sitting right under whatever the ' parfums du jour' are
Vive Eau Sauvage

Like the music composer Rimsky-korsakof, Edmond Roudnitska was a naturally gifted autodidact who delighted in subtle and complex forms. He may have been a great composer of symphonic perfumes but unlike Rimsky-korsakof, Roudnitska was not a prolific source of creative ideas. His complex and multi layered masterpiece of citrus - verbena - herbs - transparent floral and vetiver shares more than a little in the structure of citrus - verbena - white floral and chypre behind François Coty's cologne de toilette, Eau de Coty.

The main difference between them - and what marks Eau Sauvage out as belonging to a new generation of perfumes - is Roudnitska's bold use of hedione. This pale and translucent jasmin isolate displaces the lemon and sweet spicy focus of the Coty, it diffuses the white floral and in doing so opens up the profile like a paper fan. 

Even if it is derivative of a relatively unknown perfume, Eau Sauvage is none the less a very subtle work. Today, it's difficult for us to comprehend just how new and different it must have felt when it first came out. Back in the 1960's, masculine perfumery was still "basically the barber's Eau de Cologne. There was the green, the blue and the amber. There was also Old Spice." This according to the president of the French Society of Perfumers who was quoted in a 2012 edition of Madame Figaro magazine. "With Eau Sauvage we discovered something quite different." Eau Sauvage represented a step change in perfumery, not only achieving a new level of subtlety but perfume in general was now able to express an ethereal quality that hadn't been possible before.

This translucent quality of Eau Sauvage can make it seem to disappear in short order. In fact it doesn't vanish but it does have a tendency to lie low. But what it lacks in odour yield is made up for with increased longevity - as compared to a citrus Eau de Cologne; an old French advert from the time reads 'Méfiez-vous de l'eau qui dort' - Beware of the water that sleeps. Sleeping water - a canny image for the pale and elusive Eau Sauvage.

Back in the sixties there was less competition in the market place and a masculine perfume could be somewhat diffident about its appeal, in fact anything louder than a whiff of Gauloises might have been thought unbearably vulgar. Eau Sauvage certainly didn't suffer for being discrete, it was a stand out success and nothing came close to matching its popularity.

Not only was Eau Sauvage a commercial success, it was - and still is - critically acclaimed as a masterpiece. In the book 111 Perfumes to Smell before you Die (Les cent onze parfums qu'il faut sentir avant de mourir) the editors of French parfumista magazine Nez selected what they consider to be the most notable perfumes of the modern era. Eau Sauvage is one of only sixteen masculines to make it into the book; it is the only one they describe as a work of art.

***** 
The Ladies' Tower at the Alhambra by Martin Rico y Ortega 1871

Orphée ( Jean Marais ) in 
Orpheus by Jean Cocteau 1950
There isn't a whole lot that can be said about Eau Sauvage that hasn't already been, and the general consensus (with which I agree) is that it's a masterpiece, but I will give it my grand review nonetheless. The famed Mr. Roudnitska would only make 3 masculines (unless you count 1951's unisex Eau d'Hermés) in his time as a perfumer, and this is the only one still being produced, if that's any indication of it's timeless power. The first masculine created by the famed perfumer (Moustache by Rochas in 1949) was more or less an early blueprint of the male chypre, but the virile animalic potency of that scent wasn't for everyone, despite it's light dusting of citrus and lavender on top to keep it fresh and austere by the day's standard. The unisex Eau d'Hermés ultimately favored by men was further in the sexually-charged direction, and Eau Sauvage seems to be it's equal-opposite successor to Moustache, but this time Roudnitzka would go it without the help of his wife Theresa to create the scent, whom was a huge source of input for Moustache, and the resultant creation was ironically more feminine, or at least more gender-neutral than Eau d'Hermés could ever hope to be. Eau Sauvage would also prove to be the first male scent for designer Christian Dior, with a whole story behind it's naming, and the whole thing was just a big deal all around. I never knew any of this going in of course, but it's fun learning later that "Eau Sauvage" not only means "Wild Water" in French, but was a corrupting of "Oui Sauvage", the way in which Christian Dior's butler addressed his friend Percy Savage when he came to visit the designer's home. Just lovely bits of character that make the scent that much sweeter!

The formula of this couldn't really be simpler, which is it's beauty to be honest. It's classified as a chypre, but it doesn't really contain the prerequisite hoary animalic base notes, but we give that a slide since literally everything else is textbook chypre. It opens with lemon rosemary, a lavender, bergamot, which is fairly barbershop-ish in modern times. After the lemon and rosemary greet you, petitgrain, jasmine, and a light dusting of sandalwood comes up to say hello in the middle, and after it dries, the textbook oakmoss, musk, amber and a touch of vetiver for a masculine edge holds your hand for the rest of the experience. That's it! No fuss, no muss, no civet or castoreum to sour or sharpen the mix, just heaps of fresh, green sophistication through a use of just a few primary vegetable notes and once-animalic but since synthetic fixatives (ambergris and deer musk have long since ceased being in commercial perfume even before Eau Sauvage came long). There is a drawback to this purely herbal composition, and that is the scent has pretty mediocre projection like a typical Avon/Mary Kay or department store fragrance under $30USD; it's totally okay if you want something that requires folks to come a little closer to enjoy your aura, but for the projection-means-better guys, this one won't do. Eau Sauvage does have pretty mean longevity though, and it should for the price: this one still goes between $60-$90USD even after being over 50 years old! It's a testament to it's desirability and staying power I suppose, and Dior has spun off a half-dozen flankers including 2 parfum formulations, an "extreme", and "extreme intense" and now one just called "Sauvage" (a modern reboot but not a replacement), all of which sit alongside the eponymous original. 

Most people who smell Eau Sauvage now for the first time aren't even aware of it's age, since it's fresh, semi-sweet, and green tones just make it so classy and timeless. There is a certain degree of person who won't like stuff such as this because it doesn't have any richness to it, or chemical oomph of modern scents; I have heard some people liken this to a middle-aged man's contemporary scent, in that you have to be over a certain age to pull it off, but once you reach that age (regardless of when you were spawned), it will instantly be your signature scent. There is truth in these words to some degree, as I probably would not have appreciated something this dapper and soft in my early 20's as I do now, despite it's "wild" nomenclature. If nothing else, this joins the ranks of scents like Caron Pour Un Homme (1934), Canoe (1936), Chanel Pour Monsieur (1955), Monsieur Givenchy (1959), Aramis (1965), Kouros (1981), Eternity for Men (1989), Acqua di Gio (1996), and other time-worn men's essential classics that should be experienced, if not owned, at some point in a guy's lifespan. The scent works in nearly all seasons, and for nearly all occasions, all times of day, and is literally so well balanced, it could be my one-and-only desert island fragrance if I had to reduce everything I owned down to one selection. I only hold back on wearing it more with respect to the rest of my collection. If the art of the male chypre had an apex point, it would be this scent, and it's no wonder fougères overtook these chypre scents a decade or so after this. Where else was there left to go after Eau Sauvage? That's a question still waiting for an answer 50+ years later.
They they could just make this last longer.

It smells amazing. Perfect. Classic. Unfortunately it just disappears from my skin after 45 minutes.
There isn't much point in going into detail here..this fantastic scent has been reviewed and screwtanised to death ..all I will say is that to me it represents a piece of history, very much like adp colonia and chanel pour monsier and many more. With regards to its performance. ..if this fragrance was a beast or projected like a lunatic it would change the whole dynamic , and for me part of its charm is its lightness and airyness. I read somewhere that John lennon enjoyed this scent , Wether that's true or not isn't proven, but it's funny to think of him wearing this in bed with yoko in Amsterdam for a week. Generally speaking I see this scent as a piece of timeless sophistication that feels fresh and thankfully light.  

Iconic in its stature and been around for ages.  I have a vintage version before the Oak Moss was stripped out.  ES is soft, warm and inviting.  Classic Eau du Cologne structure with more emphasis on the herbs (Rosemary and Basil) than most.  Like most EdC’s, it doesn’t last (about 3 hours).  I find the base a bit lacking but perhaps that comes with the EdC territory.  There’s better EdC’s out there, namely Acqua di Parma’s Colonia & Assoluta but ES is still worthy of attention.   

7/10
Another review of Eau Sauvage because… At some point the scent needs to be evaluated for what it is, in comparison to other available fragrances, rather than in comparison with the memories (or aging bottles) of a vintage formulation. I would also underscore that the version of Eau Sauvage I’m reviewing is François Demachy’s post 2011ish reformulation (lighter colour, magnetic cap), which in fact had much better longevity than a NIB bottle of the 2009 formulation (oakmoss listed on the box, but weaker, flatter & shorter-lived) picked up at Sephora last year. 

There’s not really any point in listing the notes: educate your nose and you can detect everything listed in an extended pyramid (the one BN lists plus things like iris, caraway, etc.), enjoying the lucid note separation while you’re at it. What’s key is not the notes but the blending… Following the initial citric burn, the balance is smooth and dynamic, with an elegant, trailing drydown. The great features of this composition that are part of its legend (a vivifying citrus, a watery freshness, a second-skin ‘sweat’ accord athwart the expected classical balance) are all there, as translated from old school reviews to what’s right under your nose. There are synthetics here, but unlike some fragrances that whine, buzz or rasp recklessly, the texture overall is graceful, and a little shabby in the most elegant possible way. Speaking of elegance, the 3.4 ounce bottle is a piece of Platonic pleasure that fits well in your hand, the metal label, like a nameplate outside an apartment in a very good neighborhood still presents Dior’s Christian name (sorry for the pun), and the atomizer is generous and efficient.

Final notes: Complaints about longevity should be read with some skepticism as the possible products of past history and knee-jerk repetition. I’ve only been into this hobby for a few years, but most things I’ve tried act just like this, if I am lucky: 1-2 hours of good projection on post-shower skin, followed by a drydown that lasts 4-6 hours on skin and 6-8 hours on the collar of my shirt. Eau Sauvage reactivates crisply with body heat and smells affectingly natural lining the skin at the end of a working day. It reapplies very effectively at the cocktail hour and will last the rest of the night if you decide to take it into the evening. Observations based on several bottles? This macerates (ages) better than most of what I’ve tried, new or vintage: my bottles have firmed up beautifully in just about six months, gaining a bit more punch in terms of both strength and longevity; if it feels too fleeting, shelve it for a season or two and try again. 

Why all the fuss? If you are looking for compliments, they’re there to be had, but this is also one of the best educations in fragrance composition your designer-level dollars can buy. As a meeting point of art and entertainment, beauty, versatility and reliability, it holds its place in the present as both signature and statement.

Initial citrus blast, somewhat synthetic in aspect, but still pleasant. This was followed with ten minutes or so by a woodsy note that almost smelled like rosewood to me. I really enjoyed this addition. I should say the woodsy rosewood smell "joined", not followed, because the citrus didn't leave. It was still there as well, and they worked well together to produce a very nice combination of notes that was very enjoyable. After three hours or so, Eau Sauvage started to develop a soapy smell which became the dominant note, but the citrus and wood also persisted. It was a nice "clean", "fresh" soapy note, not overpowering or headache inducing in any way. It struck me as a nice "Dove" soap smell. I'm now at twelve and a half hours post application, it's a nice skin scent and I'm still picking up the citrus, wood, and soap aspects. This is the first Dior product that I've cared for of the ones I've tried. A very enjoyable fragrance and Eau Sauvage is definitely a permanent addition to my wardrobe. It's amazing that this fragrance was created in 1966! A testament to great perfuming! 
I have nothing new or particularly profound to say about Eau Sauvage that hasn't already been said. I recently "rediscovered" it after a very prolonged hiatus. There have no doubt been many reformulations between my first bottle and the one I recently acquired. Can I call the current version a carbon copy of the vintage? Of course not. My memory isn't that good. What I can say is that my renewed acquaintance immediately evoked old memories in the uncanny way that only scent can do. For that reason I call this a successful reinterpretation of what started out as, and to my nose remains, an iconic masculine fragrance. Rejoins my shortlist of must-haves.
Holiday scents #8 - Dior Eau Sauvage

Because the world needs another review of Eau Sauvage... I'll kepp this brief. Terrific, genre-defining chypre full of well-balanced bergamot and lavender. I understand that the modern version has lost the oakmoss component, retaining a dose of vetiver for the woody base. Immediately fresh and familiar, I'm not sure what the oakmoss would add. No doubt those with more mileage could say. 

One thing it might add would be a boost to longevity, as my sample was seriously underpowered. To be as fair as possible, I attribute some of this to the small size of the sample sprayer, and I suspect a proper size atomiser would lead to better results. 

Therefore, an enthusiastic but provisional thumbs up until such time that I can re-test under more propitious conditions. Until then, caveat emptor, but there are no caveats in my mind about the ongoing relevance and importance of this fragrance. 
I have a decant of vintage Eau Sauvage, and I am a fan. It is a lemony scent, with a suave underpinning of soapiness. 
A classic citrus/spicy fougere that is light and refreshing but bold and masculine at the same time, Christian Dior Eau Sauvage is a men's staple along the lines of Chanel Pour Monsieur EDT, a creation that almost seems to defy traditional descriptors. With Eau Sauvage, you smell like a mid century man, or at least as I imagine my grandfathers at the time, since they wore fragrances that sure smelled like Eau Sauvage, Pour Monsieur, Aramis, etc. well into my childhood.

I get out of Eau Sauvage mainly an opening of lemon and bergamot with lavender that lasts hours into the life of the fragrance, where it mixes with cumin,  sandalwood, and patchouli. I don't get the basil in the opening nor rose in the heart but it's fascinating to see the complexity of this on paper (as in its note breakdown) while enjoying its actual complex smell.  My experience is dominated by the lavender.

Performance-wise, it opens very strongly and projects for about an hour before becoming a milder skin scent, which makes it very office-friendly. Certainly it leans toward warm weather usage but it can be used with more sprays in the winter given its spicy and woody features.

At $59 for 100ml or $83 for 200ml on FragranceNet (usually home to the best deals), Eau Sauvage has held its value very well but nevertheless remains a good deal. Clearly this could be in a man's top-5 list most essential, versatile fragrance. Simply a classic.

8 out of 10 
Eau Sauvage, the lemony  slightly dirty masterpiece of Edmond Roudnitska retains its timeless character and similarity to the 1968 original.  The brilliance of this creation is the combination of ingredients that creates a totally unique Eau Sauvage aroma that is greater than the sum of its parts.  It is lemony, herbal with rosemary and vetiver all carried upon a hedione backbone which retains a bit of the jasmine indole for a light dry musky but memorable basenote. Once recognized you will recall the uniqueness of Eau Sauvage.  It is not my favorite lemon eau de cologne fragrance, but the contrasts and character are memorable and pleasing by its familiarity.
This was Steve McQueen's personal favourite...and I can see why. Fine lemon with a touch of vetiver, a tad powdery. To my nose it smells dated, reminds me of something nice but I can't remember what! Not overpowering, it's just right. Sort of lemon trees, green grass and a summer breeze in mind. Maybe an 18-hole game of golf, then afterwards a shower and change in the locker room, before heading to the clubhouse bar for a drink on the rocks. Eau Sauvage has that vibe.
Loved the classy, masculine opening, found the middle pleasant, but the end was just ho-hum. My nose is by no means refined, but the drydown reminded me of a smoother Terre D'Hermes. TdH gives me a headache after half a day, so this was not the ending I was hoping for. I had such high hopes for the first few hours, but it just didn't come together enough for me to consider a purchase. Still, Eau Sauvage gets a thumbs up for everything it does right. It stayed relatively close on me throughout the later half the day, which is what I like in a fragrance. 
Brilliant formal fragrance.  As SJG3839 notes, this is lemon and Vetiver done very well.  

Adults only.
My first bottle of Cologne, 1968.
Same year as Bullitt. It was a beautiful Rosemary prominent citrus, hedione centric dream, anchored with a healthy dose of Natural Oakmoss and Vetiver.
It has been altered, reformulated gently over the years and is one that has weathered the storm somewhat intact. You really only notice the difference when side by side with Vintage where there is a better quality Citrus and Oakmoss adds depth and some longevity. Sandalwood was used up into the late 80's, but is non-existent now. A touch of Calonic airiness has taken residence.
Today's retains enough of the original structure. I get closer to the first by using an Oakmoss flavoured Shaving Cream and a tiny dot of Jasmine Absolute to the chest. My Queen makes comment.
To drive that Mustang would be dreamy. 
Lemon and vetiver done right. Very safe fragrance as well. 8/10
Perfection.  Everything is juuuuussst riiiight. Nothing too sharp, or too floral, too sweet, or too strong, or too thin.  Everything in balance, including a subtle skin/musk effect. Always appropriate and comfortable, transcends sex and age.



The soap is wonderful too.
Citing the 213 reviewers before me:

A gentleman's cologne that has stood the test of time.

Masterpiece. 
A timeless classic. Truly a masterpiece that will always stand the test of time. Precious and simple, a perfect scent suitable for every occasion.
I just received my first bottle of Eau Sauvage by Dior. I don't even know how to begin my praise for this classic men's fragrance. It is by far one of the loveliest scents I have yet to experience. I immediately thought of this as a cleaner, lemon version of the iconic Eau d'Hermes by Hermes--in a way. I highly recommend this to anyone who likes Eau d'Hermes and/or 4711. In fact, aside from 4711, this is what I wear more than anything else in my collection.
Salutation.

This scent is a Necessity in the Collection of the GENTLEMAN of Style, A Real scent for a real DIOR fan that After all these years It still gets favorable comments from the Ladies and I don't think that Someone could find it Unpleasant. Classy,Classic,Fresh, Adorable,Aromatic,Distinctive,Subtle and Virile.

It blends a scent of Pure innocence with the Exotic nature of precious Wood and the Sophistication of a Great fragrance.The Citrusy opening of Lemon, Bergamot and Fruity notes is Luminous and fresh,Middle notes is Aromatic and Lovely and Finally a Woody and Masculine in the base.

This DIOR EDT is really a Great SUMMER fragrance.It is a very Pleasant scent for EVERYDAY and OFFICE use. I definitely Recommend it to a Man 30/50 years with a good sense of Style That who wants to Stand out.A EVERGREEN fragrance indeed.

Sillage?Ok.

Longevity?Acceptable for a Citrus Aromatic.

7.75/10
The modern reinterpretation has a close vibe to the original Armani Pour Homme. This cologne is a true gentleman's cologne which would be perfectly suitable as a "signature scent" as it exudes character with high pedigree. Class in a bottle. Timeless. Steve Mcqueen chose Eau Savage as his "signature scent" and that in itself speaks volumes about this modern day reinterpretation of a scent that has stood the test of time.
Hands down the fragrance I have worn the most over the last five years.   As I have gotten into my late 40's I've found that I like the classic fragrances more and more, and Eau Sauvage is at the very top of my list.  The soft lemon/rose top notes make it smell great upon application.  The lemony scent lingers but never dominates like so many aquas and synthetics you find in your local department stores.   The basil and vetiver base with the lemon trace are absolutely timeless IMO.   

Eau Sauvage will never overwhelm and sillage and longevity are average.  Great scent for the office, weekend or any occaision where you want a classic masculine fragrance that has lower projection but timeless appeal.

10/10
This enduring classic is perfect in many ways--fresh citrus, a floral heart done right and vetiver to anchor everything.  Over the years I have worn this and always marvel at how good it is.  I particularly like the aftershave balm. There is a real freshness to it but a masculine sensuality that is freshly showered and beautifully dressed and ready for action.  Great warm weather scent; fresh but with the underlying smell of humanity that French fragrances do so well.  A man wearing Eau Sauvage will never feel out of place, out of time or out of luck.  It is timeless, manly and just plain good.  The advertising over the years has been really wonderful and it has supported several flankers which is not always desirable but in this case underscores just how good the core offering is.  Beloved by Sloane Rangers, Preppies, boys and girls, women and men everywhere.  I think it is safe to say that this classic will be with us forever.   
A citrus explosion that is my feeling, after 30 minutes maybe less lavender appears giving a floral touch, then evolves into a woody chypre where the oak moss becomes present, these accords make this fragrance become very vintage, was a great surprise, this will be the first of many bottles !!
This is my 5th or 6th bottle as well. I keep coming back to it because it's got everything I like. Very subdued, never been asked by passers by what cologne I'm wearing. That's okay. I like that. When I walk back into my office and get a whiff of what I sprayed on my coat earlier in the day, it makes me happy. 

I have the big 6.8 spray sitting on my dresser, in front of that are two tall ribbed bottles with the fancy bell shaped cap. A 3.4oz splash, Then a small 1/2oz bottle full of the vintage stuff I bought for as a reference.

As most of you know already, the vintage stuff is what really delivers the goods. The depth of the citrus in the beginning is downright intoxicating. If you find yourself reading reviews on basenotes for eau sauvage, I probably don't need to tell you to track down your very own example of the vintage juice.

The recent version of this stuff is pretty watered down. I don't think you could possibly spray too much. I give myself a good 2-3 spray several times thru out the day. You'll kill a single 3.4oz bottle in no time. 

All and all, I give it a thumbs up. Not great in terms of longevity or sillage..if that's what you're into. 
This is bottle Nr 6 i received today!

And i also had the vintage juice back in the day.

The citrussy topnotes on the current version stays a long time with me i noticed.

Maybe it has something to do with the spray mechanism they used on the 200ml bottle it sprays a bit more than the older bottles i had.

The current formulation suits me very well the little oakmoss that was a little more noticable in the vintage juice is tamed down in the current version.

In a good way the old version was indeed more Sauvage but with the current formulation the only thing i can think of is pure classleading performance!

This is not a sillage monster but a very refined and well balanced scent that projects class in a subtle way.

If youre looking for a bang for buck solution on this scent buy the 200ml (6.8 OZ)spray version of the EDT.

It reminds me of a EDC by the way but one that stays a good 8hrs and 6 hrs close to the skin.

Thumbs up!
Okay I really like this one a lot. It does what I wanted Creed Bois de Cedrat to do. It's fresh all the way. The citrus and rosemary work well together but the Basil and Vetiver freshen it up to keep it from being like medicine. To me this could be used anytime or anywhere. It's not too light or too strong. Highly recommended.

I first tried Kenzo Flower at Sephora over ten years ago when I was just starting to become seriously interested in perfume. I actually recoiled a bit because of how powdery it was. Now, I love soft powdery scents, thought back to my experience with Kenzo Flower over ten years ago, and sought it out. It can currently be found at discounters for a very reasonable price, is still available in 30ml, and who knows when it may be discontinued? It is 20 years old now, after all. 

To me Flower is the quintessential baby powder scent. I get mostly powder and little else. No florals, little musk. Not too sweet. It's not a complicated scent, but it's a nice comfort scent on colder days.  

EDIT: After several wearings, Flower seems to be a bit of a chameleon. Some days it smells soft and powdery, other days it smells more 'fresh and clean'. This adds to its complexity makes it more interesting. 
Opens with a slight melony note(calone given the release date?) and that lipstick smell that sometimes happens with rose/violet perfumes and a bit of a  synthetic buzz. It's strange on first try, but its also kind of strange and fun, especially the more wears you give it. Drys down into a lovely powdery rose scent over vanilla and white musk, which really comes in and rounds out the opening. The vanilla never gets cloying or bakery smelling though, and the white musk never gets sharp or too laundry-esque. It smells nice and clean and clear powdery and violet-y. Very nicely done in a very cool bottle. Perfect for spring.
Tons of violet on top; happy little, powdery violets.  Rose shines through a moment later.  Buzzy sweetness on top overall.  Lovely!

The middle and base seem to be as one entity, one blend.  There is a muted resinous, balsamic layer intermingled with a creamy musk.  There is an aldehyde, hazy blend thrown in here.  I'm going to guess it's the "chemical notes" listed for the base.  The violets stick around, dancing around the whole time.
A very good and nice soapy floral that performs well. Then, it’s nothing special for me. 
When I first spray this on, it appears very strong and very sweet, which if the longevity were stronger, would make it synthetic, sickly and overwhelming. Happily, it falls quickly to a pleasant soft, musky rose.  
I find the opening a bit sharp. A lot of violet emerges out while the rose gives a soft touch. At the drydown the vanilla smoothens it into a comforting body scent. I find it indeed very powdery. And I detected some incense-like notes that tickle the nose and constantly reboost up the soft floral and vanilla, very interesting. The sillage is quite good and the longevity is around 7h on me. 

I personally think the bottle is an excellent visual interpretation for the fragrance. It's floral, sensual, and incredibly clean. I especially love it in spring and autumn. I don't think it's a very seductive fragrance, otherwise it can fit numerous occasions with different amount of application. It's not bold, but still very distinctive. It surely has its uniqueness in the floral categories.

Originally written in 2013.
FlowerbyKenzo is condense of florals, fresh musk, resins and almondy vanilla. Joyful, radiant and spacious on my skin. Absolutely not cloying, I'd say exactly the antithesis of whichever form of olfactive sultry oppressiveness. While bulgarian rose (initially crisp and earthy) is heady in the fresh opening (a yet vanillic fresh and humid opening) violet and lily of the valley come out along the freshly powdery almondy dry down. Rose is yet present along the bottom, finally soapy and musky. The "denser" (more resinous) part is the central one, opening is crisp, rooty-herbal (yet sweet vanillic) and freshly floral while dry down is musky-powdery with a tinge of creamy resinous. This is not a masterwork but surely I catch on my skin a more than pleasant semi-oriental with a spark of floral-chypre classic sophistication (anyway supported by a modern musky touch of girlish glamour-chic). I detect a sort of sexy girlish floral acidity which is evocative of that hellish "young woman's sweat mixed with creamy armpits' deodorant". Appalling bottle. 
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, no doubt. Kenzo's Flower is an homage to one of the fragrance world's great classics, and possibly the world's first gourmand - Caron's 1941 Royal Bain de Champagne.

RBC was the first scent I encountered upon moving to New York City. A young man I met on Brooklyn Heights' promenade floated in a cloud of melony vanilla amber, and this was the Caron, which immediately became my signature scent - this was in the early 1970s.

As Turin and Sanchez point out in their Perfume Guide, Kenzo's Flower attempts to recreate Caron's masterpiece. It begins quite similarly with honeydew melon and marshmallow, floating over vanilla and amber. However, Flower is greener than the Caron and inside of 15 minutes, has settled down to a pleasant reedy artemesia-like wood scent.  Whereas with the Caron, the melon, amber and vanilla never let up.

A nice alternative, but I'd advise to stick with the original, which is so affordable, it eclipses the Kenzo as an economical investment.
Salutation.

FLOWER BY KENZO is an Great fragrance that Invite to Love. It is The brainchild a Genius Like ALBERTO MORILLAS. It is Asia Prestige in The Perfume World too. I was really Pleasantly Surprised when I first smelled this perfume a few Years ago. Subtle,Clean, Natural,Romantic, Sophisticated,Fantasy,Oriental and Feminine.

A hint of Freshness by Black Currant Open the Scene for the Romance of Rose and the Intimacy of Violet in the heart While the base gains Sensuous from Musk and Vanilla.This Perfect blend is Utterly LOVELY,Feminine yet Clean,Soft and Not Heavy scent that lasts for a Long time without Overwhelming.

It is a Delightful Ladylike fragrance and Makes You Feel Like It is a part of Your Personality. The Scent is Light Enough for day wear and very Lovely for Evening Especially with jeans and when You dress up for a ROMANTIC Dinner or a Garden Party in SPRINGTIME. If You are Looking for a Tender Floral scent This one is a Wonderful choice but Test it first before Buying!

Sillage?Very Good.

Longevity?+6 hours on my skin.

7.25/10 
Why review Flower when it was released 15 years ago? It's been a bestseller for ages, has been the subject of many flankers and is a successful crossover in Japan. Everybody knows what Flower smells like...

Kenzo asked for a perfume that smells like poppy - a scentless flower. Pretentious folly or inspiration? It gives the perfumer rare creative licence  - and in response to this zen brief Alberto Morillas came up with a white floral bouquet.

A note pyramid for Flower is:
Lychee supported by ginger and mandarin, violet
Rose, with camelia and mimosa,
Frankincense, white musks, patchouli and amber.

Another way to describe Flower is; sweet, abstract flowers with hard black undertones on a basket of laundry musks.

Synthetic odourants are carefully selected to create approximations of rose, violet, hawthorn and Cassie; quoted from another pyramid. Rather than creating each flower and then merging them, molecules common to more than one flower bridge the gaps. This is economic use of materials as only the most essential components of each flower are represented. Close smelling reveals the limitations of this approach though and it's only partly successful. The texture wears a bit coarsely and the flowers do not smell realistic.

With this reliance on synthetics, Flower lacks finesse and roundness. The only natural materials being opopanax, incense and patchouli, and maybe a minute amount of Rosa centifolia, the high percentage of synthetics gives the perfume an artificial quality. This is not necessarily a bad thing; the plasticy feel of Flower makes it distinct from a more traditional formula.

Flower bears the hallmarks of its time (2000) with a watery-fruit note in the head, but in this case it's lychee rather than melon. Its linear core is built from long lasting materials.

As the intense sweetness of the opening declines, dry lemony accents of incense emerge. These give contrast and prevent Flower from becoming a sweet bomb.

Certain key notes have allowed Flower to become a successful crossover in Japan. The lychee in the opening flourish, supported by ginger - common in south east Asian cuisine, and mandarin, create a hook for the oriental consumer. Rose and jasmin have universal appeal and, and incense also has cultural resonance for the Japanese.

Anaïs Anaïs (1978) and Flower are very similar white floral bouquets, but where Anaïs' soapy bathroom accord of lily and hyacinth feels innocent, Flower is harder and less permissive. Its undertone of incense and patchouli announces in a low but firm voice that the pastel, soft focus reveries of the seventies are over. Kenzo's twenty first century interpretation is a plasticy, confident abstract composition. The white floral has moved from being the virginal symbol of early adolescence to a strategy marketed at young women in the postmodern world.

Flowers' continued production has been due to the cheapness of its formula, and is now thanks to its potential to penetrate the enormous and untapped market in China.

The succession of Flower flankers demonstrates the solidity of its formula, which continues to serve as a foundation for new ornamentation.

Flower (like Anaïs Anaïs) has the lasting appeal of a distinctive perfume that transcends the whims of fashion.
It has endured to become a classic.
Flower Eau de Parfum opens on a brisk green floral accord that’s at once smooth and refreshing. Violet leaf and violet blossom soon separate themselves from the blend, while suggestions of muguet (lily-of-the-valley) and acacia fill out the dewy spring bouquet. Just a little less roundness, a little less blending of notes, and Flower would smell like air freshener. It’s all squeaky clean – maybe even a little bit clinical – but absent the melon-aquatic notes (over)used in so many of today’s bright florals, the composition manages to keep on the right side of cheap-smelling. 

Flower’s foundation consists mostly of soapy white musk and soft woods. Because the base notes are not sweet, the scent maintains its crystalline clarity right through to the end. I would describe both its sillage and projection from the skin as moderate, and once its central floral bouquet is assembled, it remains stable for at least four hours before beginning its collapse into drydown. Flower is an easy-wearing, happy scent that manages to feel fresh while avoiding modern fresh-floral clichés. I think of it as a space age Diorissimo: equally limpid, luminous, and vernal, but tricked out in a shiny new metallic finish. I like it.

I like this, but I do find it wears off quickly almost like a deodorant. Need to top it up during the day.
An aldehydic, musky floral typically has an implicit sweetness.  An interesting perfume will play against type and either downplay or compensate for the sweetness.  Flower learned compensation and a sort of misdirection from White Linen, which it smells like, and Tommy girl, with which it shares a conceptual similarity.  

White Linen’s trick is to redirect the composition’s sweetness with a peppery rose that doesn’t so much diminish the sweetness as steer it toward sweet/tart.  From Tommy Girl, Flower learns the lesson of astringency.  Sour, as opposed to bitter, is a hard effect to pull off in perfumery.  In Flower, the sweet, powdery melon-like tone is highlighted by a slightly vinegary note just as actual melon would be by a splash of lemon juice.

After years, I finally tried this for the first time.  I used to pass it up, saying, "I don't like florals."  Ha ha.  The joke is on me.  This is PLASTIC FLOWERS.  It is totally weird.  I give it high marks for originality.  I probably won't buy it and wear it, but it sure is fun.  This smells like a bouquet of children's toy flowers scented with powder.  The entire scent is sweet plastic and powder.  This is amazing.  I keep smelling it, through the air, for hours and hours.  There's a bit of ivy or some strange greenness.  The rest is pure fantasy.  Wow.
I don't find it odd that so many people have given Flower by Kenzo a negative rating. I know that the sort of powdery, springtime-sugar-flower scents that I love are most definitely not for everyone and that a lot of people dislike such sweet perfumes. 

Maybe it's simply my body chemistry and the way that it develops on me, however, but I don't find it at all insipid like others say, nor out of balance - baby powder is not what it smells like on me. In fact, on me it smells a little darker and more mysterious than many other perfumes I own; it isn't by any means the scent of a femme fatale, but it's not without its charms; and besides, I am not a femme fatale! 
It's reminiscent of a warm, lonely early summer's twilight in a flower garden - soft, sweet and a little sleepy, slightly nostalgic; a last hour's rays of pink-toned sunset on a rose-twined wooden table while faint blue shadows cling to the edges. It's the sort of scent that you could wear just as well in a floral dress, crochet gloves and a boater hat as in an antique mourning dress and veil.

It is a very feminine perfume, on the other hand: not obnoxiously sweet but definitely a "pretty" scent, so it's unlikely to suit everyone's taste. I also agree that it isn't a stunningly unique or strong-willed scent - it's floaty and easy to wear, a lovely scent for a sunny day at a teahouse rather than the signature scent of a diva. Neither is it an intensely grown-up sex-bomb sort of perfume. Still, the lack of strong musky scents is a welcome relief for me and anyone else on whom musks turn unpleasant very quickly. 

My only personal complaint is that it doesn't have particularly good sticking power. I put a drop on my wrists and throat today, and while this morning I was smelling distinctly flowery on the bus it's now mid-evening and it's about as strong as if I were wearing floral talcum powder (although my wrist does smell delightfully like a wild rose bush now). 

Other than that, it's a light, innocent, simple scent wonderful for the spring and summer for any lady (or gentleman for that matter) who likes to feel sweet and elegant. I'd say it's an 8.5/10 for me.

Its a  good fragrance but easy to get sick of it
I really love this, whenever I wear this scent, I receive a lot of compliments.
Stays the whole day.
This has to be one of my favorites.  It's sweet, but a sort of dark sweet.  The scent reminds me of "happy."  This fragrance makes me feel like a women and always has others walk by slowly to really take in the sexy sweetness.  I went through a 3.4oz bottle in one year.  Just awesome!
This smells powdery, and doesn't wear off....I'm not a fan, I don't like smelling like a baby. A friend gave me a small little bottle of it....and I haven't made a dent in it.
So my boyfriend and I have this rule...we each have our night out with the boys/girls.  We don't ask and don't tell what REALLY happened on those nights because we trust eachother and love eachother, and for us it's like that "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas" slogan kind of thing.It just so happens that my friends are wild and dragged me across the border to Tijuana for a day of fun in the sun, gambling, drinking, dancing, and laughing.  I came across this fragrance in the duty free store as my girlfriends and I were crossing the border to come back home.  I had a wicked licentious smile on my face and some gambling money burning a hole in my pocket, so I stopped in for another huge bottle of Patron tequila when FLOWER caught my eye.  I tested it on my wrist and walked around looking for my liquor.  I couldn't resist smelling my wrist again and again and again.  I forced my girlfriends to smell it again and again and again and we all agreed that it was gorgeously innocent; the PERFECT date perfume.  Not the perfume of the "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas" woman I was that particular moment as I was searching for that liquor and trying to outrun a hangover, but the woman I'd be when I got home, and back to my boyfriend;  the vision of feminity and innocence that he fell in love with....I saw him the next day at church.  I was wearing my new FLOWER perfume, and a super girly baby pink silk Betsey Johnson dress with Kate Spade heels.  He said, "Oh My God, you smell GOOD - did you have fun with your friends?" and with the sweetest, most innocent smile and blink of my lashes I simply said, "yes"That is this perfume.  It's innocence, it's feminine, it's how a man wants a woman to smell.  It's his vision of you at your best, most feminine, simplest form.  It's sexy too, but not "in your face" sexy, but rather, more like a straightforward honest sexiness.  I will always wear this one before a big date with my love!
Taliaseki made an interesting assessment while I was searching for a note...dried clover! FlowerbyKenzo boasts a beautiful and feminine rose opening, and a soft one at that. The vanilla/opoponax/musk middle makes this one too powdery for some, but it just wouldn't work the same without it. Then there's that odd 'dried clover' vibe... The rest of its body is as clear as the stem of its bottle. It is mysteriously spacious, as though there's this hollow area inside the scent itself. And despite this apparent lack of body, Flower lasts for hours and hours. I love a good rose scent and this one's so curious I just have to like it. 
Kenzo Flower, what an absolute heart stopper.  If she were a woman I would be on one knee and forever in her debt. Im in love. The perfect powdered violet, rose scent that becomes muskier, sexier with time as she allows you to enter her little part of heaven.As your introduced to Kenzo Flower you are struck with sweet black currant, rose and hawthorn and a huge violet note. The black currant doesn't stay for very long but the rose and violet develop down into the heart nicely. These notes are greeted with jasmine and the bittersweet Opoponax, which takes us seamlessly from heart to base. In the base we find vanilla and white musk the jasmine being replaced for hedione (Firmenich tradename, basically a jasmonate). The base melts so close to the skin its heart achingly beautiful. Im almost reduced to tears every time I allow this beauty to dry down into my heart. I wish for her never to leave from this state of grace.Its soft, its powdery, its subtle only showing little nuances over a very long time. Being cautious not to give too much away too soon. Flower embodies modern femininity in my opinion and it has to be up there in my top 5 fragrances. Kenzo flower is one of my comfort blanket fragrances (along with JPG 2). She's a scent to be worn in hot summer days and cold winter mornings for me. This scent was created by Alberto Morillas who has created some of the best selling fragrances of the past 20 or so years and  I have to say this is my favorite from his portfolio.Utter Perfection in a bottle, makes life worth living.
Alberto Morilla's interpretation of what the poppy flower would smell like if it were to have a scent, combining the best of rose, jasmine and violet leaf notes to create an illusory floral accord. To my nose FLOWER BY KENZO feels voluptuous, textured with a mild powdery sweetness that draws me into its depth. Not the most enchanting floral I've encountered but certainly one of the most feminine. *** This review is of the EDP ***
one of the best female perfumes in production for young ladies.once you smell it on the appropriate skin, you can't stop asking for it.it is so clean, so femini, so nice that you will love it for life.  Smell like sweet flowers, powder but in any way, a very nice female perfume!
When this perfume was released I detested it. Far too powdery and overwhelming. However, later my cousin gave me the EDP in a dab on bottle. I avoided it for months, but then discovered that a mere two drops on the nap gave the most wonderously different result. It permeates gently but arousingly. Feminine, playful and uplifting. The powder is still there, which is not usually an element I enjoy, but it is augmented by the rose and violets to bring it out of the matron's water closet.
Kenzo Flower Parfum is fantastic.  It is luxurious and lingering.  My fiance is confused about it as he doesn't relly like it but it reminds him of when we first met.  It is quite a bold and lasting scent, perfect for wintertime.  I find myself reaching for it whenever I go to a ball or out for an expensive meal.  I find it sophisticated and memorable.
EdT: Horrible, fresh, prickly floral scent. Smells like a dozen others and makes me sneeze.EdP: Heaven sent me a pretty red bottle of warm, syrupy, floral goodness. If you like Fracas and Chinatown type of scents ( floral but with a warm sweet quality in there with depth) you should try this. It´s feminine, sexy but not slutty and comforting. 
I have the EDP in the clear glass bottle with the poppy. That was scintillating enough to make me buy the parfum in hte red metal bottle which is divine. I love violets.   I can't see a future without these perfumes, or one of them, in it. Both are more advertourous than Borsari's Violetta di Palma - the EDP more suggestive and playful, the parfum more sultry. 
It is one of my favorite women’s perfume. I really like this scent.
I like the Le Parfum (red bottle) more than the lesser concentrations. Reminiscent of heliotrope (everlasting flower), the sweet quality of FbK smells like you've spilt the best baby powder next door to the best confectionary bakery. This is one of those sweet fragrances I love to encounter, but would weary of wearing.

