This is a pretty scent, but I do not get any caramel in this. Perhaps I'm scent blind to whatever set of chemicals make up that impression. 

This has very strong powder notes with a hint of musk and a warm resinous base. If I didn't already know that there is supposed to be a candy caramel quality to this, I would have never known. I can't tell if I can smell a faint burnt toffee note (with some metallic hints??) in it or if it's wishful thinking. I will admit that I just ate milk chocolate toffee lace cookies. Perhaps that is overpowering the candy notes in this. I feel like I've smelled this once before and had similar difficulties, though. 

On dry skin in warm/dry weather this is a skin scent after about 20 minutes. Nary a sillage and lasting power is fairly weak at about 3-5 hours (determined by my own, as well as a second, opinion). Still, as I said it's a pretty scent, just not really one that reflects "me".
The musk and the caramel opening reminds me of those Big Foot candies I used to get as a kid- synthetic "strawberry", plastic-like. 

Sometimes early on I get a whiff of something that almost resembles CK Be, with strawberry and musk instead of peach and musk.

The candy notes fade eventually and Candy becomes an inoffensive musky, sweet vanilla scent.

My girlfriend really likes it, I honestly prefer her Amazing Grace by Philosophy.
Floral caramel plus candied-plastic-musky benzoin. Pleasant but kind of "anonimous". There is something vaguely minty in the blend, a sort of lingering aromatic-vanillic muskiness. I get the spicy-honeyed caramel, vaguely burnt-sugary, resinous and finally powdery. Caramel seems kind of honeyed, floral-infused (iris, gardenia, jasmine??), vanillic-cinnamonic and vaguely cocoa-veined, the note of benzoin is synthetic and somewhat cellophane-oriented. Appalling bottle. Nothing furthermore to add.
Wow. I cannot smell a bit of candy, vanilla or musk in this. It almost smells like gardenia on me, but not quite. It does smell synthetic. Candy makes me sneeze, so I won't be wearing this and it doesn't smell good on me anyway. It is strange what body chemistry can do to a cologne.
An opening dominated by overly synthetic white musks, with a drydown of strong benzoin-vanilla aroma.  Quite sickeningly sweet on my skin - I am sure sampling it can cause tooth decay. After a couple of hours a caramel base develops that is quite pleasant, and the base is the least cheaply done part.  Good sillage and projection, with a decent overall longevity of six hours.  Good before puberty. 
I do really like the smell of Candy, it is a sweet toffee gaurmond but the throw & lasting power is very poor on me. I have to push my nose right into my skin, exactly where I sprayed to smell so I rarely wear the samples I got.. Not worth the price of a full bottle to me.
Party GirlPrada Candy opens with the expected toffee and candy floss and then settles with a dull thud. I understand that candy is supposed to smell like, um, something that Barbie would wear to casual events and perhaps I shouldn't be disappointed; but I am. After about 15 minutes, the candy note still dominates, and a strange musk starts to emerge--a gross synthetic musk that seems to fight with the cloying c-c-c-c-candy. In 20 years, someone is going to write a review and point out that Candy smells so 2011.
It opens with that caramel taste that you get when it's stuck in your teeth, that juicy sticky caramel.  But it has a fruitiness in the background, almost like there is fruit water somewhere there.  It is interesting how the caramel is ambery and is almost too sweet, but this is balanced out pretty well by the wateriness that feels like a mist of water drops has somehow mixed with it.  Please note:  This is only from the wafting - I haven't got to how it smells close to skin yet!

When I put my nose close to my arm, I get the familiar dry licorice wood of Serge Lutens Un Bois Vanille in there, and there's something almost salty in there.  It must be the dryness of the wood that is making me think of salt.  Either way though, the scent is much rounder and fuller on skin than it is when it wafts.  I will be honest; on my skin, the wafting could get cloying for a fussy person near me.  Other reviewers disagree, but then everyone's skin is different.

It dries down to a drier vanillic resin.  The caramel is always present, but I find the drydown (which occurs pretty quickly) very very similar to Un Bois Vanille (yes, I'll keep mentioning this one), but with a slightly saltier and less rounded drydown. I do like this part, but because I have something similar, I keep wishing the juicy caramel lasted longer.  It's just as well though - I might get a toothache if the sticky caramel stage lasted too long.

I will say this:  The fragrance doesn't change too much on my skin, but it does do something very unfortunate;  it gets eaten by my skin in a very short time.  Now, this would be alright if it were a cheap fragrance, but it's 50 Euro for only 30 ml!!!  Now that would be worth it if there was a) many hours of pleasure and b) some sort of complex development - but there isn't.
I would never have even gone near this if I hadn't been buying a perfume for my daughter. I had gone to the Guerlain counter as any sensible mother would and we tried many. The lovely patient Guerlain lady asked her what smell she liked best and she said 'toffee'. The lovely SA then whisked off and bought her this one off another stand and it brought an immeadiate smile to the young daughters face. Caramelised toffee with vanilla musk and a dose of balsamic benzoin. I think I would rather eat it on ice cream myself, but certainly much less unpleasant than it sounds. It has a certain dryness, like a grown up sweetie more than a childlike one. More gourmand caramel with an orris feel. My young daughter absolutely loved it, so it does have a market.... I cannot give it a green as I couldn't possibly wear it, but it was fairly pleasant. I didn't hate it, and I expected to. It dries down to a really rather sophisticated dry burnt caramel orris musk.
Overall: 2/5
Sillage: 2/5
Longevity: 3/5

Good if you wake up one day wanting to smell a bit like citrus, greens, sun, and sea-breeze. Definitely perfect for a summer scent.

Safe and inoffensive, but has a distinct smell that you know everyone else has smelled like at one point in their life.

Dries down to an almost powdery, yet citrus scent for me, but before it settles, it's mostly a salty and citrus scent that just won't have me reaching for it.

Decent sillage with above-average wear
The opening presents a pleasant citrus-based mix, with a fruity underpinning.  Pleasant but quite nonspecific.   The drydown is more floral, with jasmine a definite component, but a pleasantly discreet green touch is coming and going also. 

The base presents woddsy impressions blended with white musks. 

I get moderate sillage, adequate projection and a very decent seven hours of longevity on my skin. 

The opening is quite agreeable, although a touch subdued and the citrus not very vivid or bright. The rest of this spring scent is rather generic and pale overall.  In total - mediocre. 2.5/5. 
This was the favorite scent of one of my ex-boyfriends and it's a pretty unisex fragrance. I associate it with how most Americans want to smell, "clean". It's a very sporty, "shower-fresh" kind of smell. No musk, no spice or wood. Just very light citrus and floral. Nothing bad about it, but it's what most people smell like these days.
Essence of meh. Half-arsed slightly rancid citrus over equally half-arsed woody amber-ish base.  Best I can say for it was that it was gone in half an hour. 
The opening notes of apple lemon are pretty refreshing. I know this is a summer scent, but I expect a deeper and richer scent from dolce & gabbana. 
Light Blue consistently comes in at the top of the bestseller lists in the United States – and with very good reason: it is hard to beat in the summer refresher stakes. Featuring a sparkling green apple note and a translucent amber base, Light Blue is a pleasure to spritz on liberally in the heat. Its fruit notes are sheer rather than syrupy, so the overall effect is crisp and bright – like biting into an ice-cold Granny Smith. 

It's a pity, though, that the bright apple opening cannot be maintained past the one hour mark. The sheer amber base reveals itself to be Iso E Super, and the remaining three hours limp on in an agony of synthetics (for me). A pleasure at the start, but a plain old Iso E Super or cedramber base makes this one a miss for me.
Light Blah. The name, the bottle, the fragrance. Where is the mystery, the oom pah pah?
Sillage alone does not a perfume make.( Aside: Love the story of Sophia Grojsman being followed for her amazing sillage when finalizing 'Eternity' for Calvin Klein) Black to Blah. Sung's 'Shi' is the same colour and much cheaper. A classic like Eau de Rochas or Eau Orlane (blue again) much nicer in my opinion but it could be just that my body chemistry is all wrong for this one. 

Smelled this on a girl for years in a yoga class. She made 3 mistakes for me: 1) overwearing is a no no for me, 2) don't wear perfume in a hatha yoga class, 3) don't over apply, which she did all the time. Ever since she ruined it for me, lol .... the slightest hint of this juice will turn me off.  If you don't make any of those mistakes, this might work for you &  people around you.
Is it me, or is this a carbon copy of Hugo by Hugo Boss, but more expensive?
About 2 months ago I made a list of all the best-selling fragrances around the globe and made it my duty to try them all. Light Blue was on this list.

I would love to have had a picture taken the moment I sniffed this for the very first time. I think I was in utter disbelief as to how people loved this perfume. All I got from this fragrance was a strong, sour burst of lemon. I usually associate lemon scents to detergents and cleaners around my home.

This was in no way a pretty or feminine fragrance. I have Moschino Funny! which is slightly similiar, but more floral and much lighter. I consider Funny! a better alternative to Light Blue. I will however add that men seem to love this fragrance, even though they agree with me when I say it's strong and lemony sour.


I think it's very intoxicating on the open, however Light Blue is non-committal and is blended into a light juice that doesn't make enough of a statement.  The biggest problem we have with this is that the dry down recalls "mall store" to us.  If it didn't wind up in that  olfactory memory space, I'd consider it a candidate for a mixing fragrance.  Longevity isn't terrific.  Ultimately this is a polite pretty fragrance that is not too floral.  It's nice.  I didn't see this trumping other favorites like Nina Ricci.  
I love Granny Smiths even as a kid, I eat them all the time. So I'm quite pleased to smell some off the top notes. Unfortunately after that vibrant opening, LIGHT BLUE goes downhill. Cedar, cedar and then more cedar. OK, I do get some musky and floral accents but these are ambient, the overall character remaining sharply woodsy even incensey. Sorry ladies but I wouldn't want to smell this on you - it's a little too butch for comfort yet feels a little too lightweight and synthetic to be taken seriously as a men's fragrance. 
There is a too sharp, too heavy, too chemical musky note. Maybe the synthetic cedar note that someone has mentioned. I agree with the comparison to Eclat D' Arpege, but I prefer Eclat D' Arpege. However, I'd rather not wear either one of them. Maybe I'd like this on someone else.
This is a love/ hate relationship. The only concept of longevity is through spraying it on fabric and that makes it very powerful and cloying. I think I was looking for light and green, but this struck me as a chemical blast. I would love to love this, but I do believe I would choose 4711 or even Moschino's I Love Love over this.
Opens with powdery citrus then dries down as Iso E Super's synthetic cedar (or if you like, it dries down as Escentric 01).  I find that I like the smell of Iso E Super, so no complaints on that score from me.  Over all this fragrance strikes me as clean and pleasant, if not exactly exciting.  It's a nice step up from the floral or musky nightmares aimed at the general market.  I would find it more interesting on a guy, if only because it would be more unexpected.
Smells wonderful and thought hubby would love the fruity notes, but I had on too much of the lotion and ruined its first impression. He said it made his eyes water. But in all I liked it but it was more of a scent I would have preferred to smell on a man. Misleading to me because it wasn't "feminine" scented.
Way too popular for its own good: at this stage of her life, Light Blue is quite slutty and random. No spark or lucidity left in its soul. It 'was' pleasant once, but after three of my girlfriends, who are absolutely catty and hate each other tremendously, have used the exact same scent in gross quantities -and guess what the scent was- since they first grew breasts, to me Light Blue has very little left in its reserve to impress me. God, get a grip: there are so many other designer scents out there ready to be explored. Does Dolce&Gabbana put some secret addictive substance in this bottle? Even the 'Angel' monsters are less adamant than the 'Light Blue' fanatics. It was a good scent, that is why it is 'neutral.' It is a good feminine woods smell, and those are -or were- hard to come by... once. But not anymore. Make no mistake: this is perhaps the most abused scent of the decade - right up there with Davidoff Cool Water and L`Eau D`Issey. Light Blue is not a scent that will make you stand out in the crowd: it will make you a part of the herd. It will make you 'fit in.' If that is the objective, then you cannot find any other scent that is this flawless.  Enough already.  
Initial impressions are citrus with a slightly floral background. Extremely redundant of Dior Higher, at least to my memory. A perfectly fine citrus scent, but not very mature. I definitely wouldn't wear it in the cold weather, and wouldn't buy it after age 24 or so.
I love the fresh blast of the beginning and the soapy-clean dry down, but somewhere in the middle (about 2-4 hours after applying it) it starts smelling like very strong, very plasticky air freshener to me, reminiscent of fresh Gucci Rush. When it's worn by other people I can only smell the nice musky base notes, but it just doesn't work on me.
I don't get the big deal with this fragrance. It seems dated and masculine to me. 
I'm rating the EDP. 

It's disappointing. It smells good. A lot of floral, mostly Lilly of the valley. Everything is soft in it. Light. Too light. Sillage and longevity should be a lot better, especially for an EDP. This review would be positive if there was more, because the scent itself is lovely, but you can't enjoy it.

I smelled the EdT now and it's slightly better. It lasts longer and it's got a nice plum touch. 
This is VERY fruity/floral!

I had only smelled the oil prior to obtaining this (Iridescent) bottle as well as the white cube shaped bottle, so these were both very new to me.

The reviews are all over the place for many of the scents from this house, and I wonder if part has to do with not knowing which scent we are actually describing - even here, I am forced to say I own a bottle that I don't, as it is the closest one to the bottle that I DO own, since someone did not think it was different enough to offer it its own "line item". That is perhaps fine, but I just rated the NON-iridescent EDP - not the EDT or the Iridescent (which is what I have and INTEND to rate). I really do hope someone gets where I am going with this on the MANY levels I am taking it...MANY LEVELS.

Anyway, as far as scent goes, I liked it ok, but I believe this is way more of a fruity floral than I was lead to believe (a difficult genre for me when done by the best), or my nose is really off - plausible...but I would bet money that this house is designed to target the "under 40" ladies, so I feel very certain that I am not this house's demographic. 
This starts with a fresh and fruity rose note, which is given a slight sharpness by a musky undertone that at times has hint of patchouli attached to it - with a nigh-chypre-ish touch at times. The drydown includes a refreshing neroli, developing into a base of a sweeter vanilla core.

The opening, not without originality, is my favourite part, but the rest is a tad boring on my skin and to me overly synthetically-biochemically designed.  I get  moderate sillage, good projection and six hours of longevity.  2.5/5


Inspired by a musk oil Rodriguez found in the middle east, this was his initial scent and can be categorized as a floral chypre with an emphasis on the use of musk. This information is supplied by Roja Dove.

Rose and Peach can be detected in the opening, with Osmanthus and Neroli in the heart.
Vetiver and Amberlyn plus vanilla make up the base.

Turin called it a "radiant woody" and gave it four stars, noting its success for "mating a big, somewhat masculine patchouli-musk to…orange blossom floral."

I found it to be a light floral with a hint of milky musk.  Perfectly pleasant, but nothing special.

Top notes: Rose, Peach, Musk
Heart notes: Neroli, Osmanthus
Base notes: Vetiver, Amberlyn, Vanilla
I read the many rave reviews on this perfume and after a long consideration ,I decided to take the plunge and buy it without ever trying this on .I purchased the Gift Set from Nordstrom that includes the EDT 3.4 ounces,Purse Mini Spray 10ml, and body cream 30 ml.I was quite nervous about loving this, as I paid $109. Well,I have to say that I am pretty happy with this perfume and it is a lovely, enchanting fragrance. Very woodsy, sulky and musky, definately fall/winter/evening perfume. However...........This is an almost identical fragrance to another perfume which I simply adore, Believe by Britney Spears. Only, Believe does not develop into a lingering barber's shaving cream smell at the dry down . I have no idea why this is, maybe the tactile musk/solar musk blend?I have to admit that Narsico Rodruiqez EDT appears to be a softer, creamier and overall more well rounded/ subtler version of Believe by Britney Spears. It has somewhat soapy, shampoo-y finish . I love patchouli and in both perfumes patchouli is quite pronounced ,much more so in Believe. Believe is sharper and less complex, yet I still found it to be more feminine that NR. Would I buy NR EDT for Her again?I am not sure. I would probably buy its sibling Believe by Britney Spears instead, that is much better value for money at $40 for 3.4 ounces and also has better staying power.Would I enjoy wearing NR for Her?Definately,it is a good perfume,just not something I am insanely crazy about.
Tried this out at Sephora in the rollerball version. I was taken by surpriseat first sniff. It was really interesting and different from most of the fragrances that Canadian Sephora carries. The top notes are my favourite part of the whole thing.

And then it quickly falls apart. It started smelling really synthetic, and it reminded me of some cheap hair products.

Does anyone know a good alternative that smells like the top notes of NR for Her?
If you like egyptian musk this is for you. This is what it smells like. My husband bought this for me and he loves it. Im not against egyptian musk as I use to wear in the oil form so it's okay. 
Oh how I wanted to like this fragrance.  All the build up, the publicity, the "Sex in a Bottle", etc. and all I got was pure musk.  No florals, wood notes, just pure musk, like a bottle of Jovan Musk oil.  It was not disgusting or vile, just not worth the hefty price tag when you can get Jovan Musk oil at the corner drug store.  
This fragrance is nice, pleasant, inoffensive, a bit different and interesting, but not remarkable. Do I detect Lilly Of The Valley somewhere in the mix? It avoids the trap of the sickening sweetness that every other fragrance of the day seems to be falling into.
i cannot smell it at all on my skin, however not a bad scent . 
altough i cannot detect anything in this perfume( it is too light for me, almost invisible) my cat was obsessed sniffing my wrist(which is a scary fact, imagine what is inside this thing..)! 
I really like this fragrance but surely I am not alone in thinking it is a slightly more refined and dare I say it, sanitised version of a cross between Strip & Agent Provocateur? That is why I'd give it a neutral rather than definite thumbs up - to my nose, this has been done before.
Narciso Rodriguez for Her EDP, is quite possibly one of the muskiest perfumes I've ever experienced.

This fragrance tends to be warm, subtly sweet, feminine, clean, and of course, musky. For some, Narciso Rodriguez for Her is animalistic and sexy. In my opinion, this fragrance is musky in a clean and old-fashioned sense. Don't get me wrong, this is not a scent just for 'old ladies'. It just doesn't scream 'sex' to me.

Occasionally I am anosmic to musk, so there are some moments when I can't smell Narciso Rodriguez. Every now and then I catch a subtle whiff of this scent which is certainly pleasant, but not to my personal tastes.

This fragrance smells dusty on my skin. It makes me think of a dark, crowded attic that hasn't seen the light in years. This relation is possibly due to my connection of musk to closed-up, suffocating, deserted houses.

This fragrance is not all bad, it's just disappointing due to all the hype. I don't sense many floral notes in the composition unfortunately. It's mostly musky woods to my nose.

Even in the EDP concentration, the sillage and lasting strength are rather average. I can understand Narciso Rodriguez for Her and its appeal, however I believe it is very much an acquired taste, that I don't have.


First impression is good, but then the scent begins to smell like soap.
Nice try, but not good enough.
I must be anosmic to the musks in this because this smells almost precisely like nothing on me. Correction: it smells some Egyptian musk oil that has already been showered off. I get just the faintest aroma out of this, but what I can smell is quite lovely. Seems like it would be one of the nicest choices you could make at the department store these days. I'll never buy this one for obvious reasons - rather an expensive way to smell like nothing, plus I cringe at the thought of obliviously gassing out innocent passers-by with massive doses of this. Drat. Makes me wonder what other lovely things I'm not smelling & don't know about? 
This is for the Musc Oil for her version.I am anosmic to the musc in this which makes me sad. I can only get a faint floral note and vanilla. What I do smell is delicious and I only which I could smell more......:(
I was surprised to discover that I really don't like this. It starts out fruity/floral a la Badgley Mischka and then morphs into Lolita Lempicka minus the anise. Interesting, but not compelling, inspiring or beautiful enough to purchase. 
After reading reviews on Basenotes I was inspired to order an EDP sample from TPC.  I am disappointed that on my skin Narciso Rodriguez smells nothing like other people's experiences of it.  A subdued pleasant enough rose note. No musk that I can detect.   My skin's chemistry just doesn't work with this fragrance I guess...
A light floral, reminded me of a garden full of honeysuckle, with a pleasant musk drydown - but not evocative or particularly interesting to my nose. Tom Ford's White Patchouli is a fuller, richer and smoother take on this kind of sensuality.
I got a sample of NR edt recently and I have to say it doesn’t really live up to my expectations, its price or the extraordinary beautiful bottle. I expected something muskier, more potent and interesting. But in reality, this is a very delicate fragrance that reminds me of floral deodorants, except that NR edt lasts longer. The opening notes are mildly smoky, and there’s some greenness to it, possibly vetiver. This fragrance makes me think of spring and breezy, sunny days. It isn’t something I’d call sensual or sexy, like some other reviewers have, but I find it quite pretty and inoffensive. We all have our definition of sensuality, so if yours is like mine, on the dark side (Youth Dew, Knowing, Japanese Musk, Lush Ginger) you probably won’t be that impressed by NR edt. Orange blossom is the star in this scent, and except for the longevity NR isn’t much different from considerably cheaper Orange Blossom by Yves Rocher. I can’t detect other more prominent notes in this. There’s some warmth in the drydown, but not enough for me to find this full-bottle worthy. For people who don’t like strong fragrances, try this one- it’s a soft and fresh floral. NR is of the prettier of its kind, but simply not for me.
I absolutley love this perfume. I have tried the EDT and the EDP and the EDP is slightly sweeter, more floral rather than musky and less fresh and breezy, but I think this adds a bit of depth and energy to it. The staying power of the EDT was really really dissapointing on me- only about an hour (and thats being generous), even if i used the shower gel and body lotion, so really not worth the money, as it is quite expensive compared to other perfumes in department stores. I have not yet tried the EDP for longetivity yet though. I hope it is better. 
I like this perfume lots, but not one of my all time faves and here is why. Its smells quite generic, very similar to lots of others e.g SJP as Heidi also commented. It is ideal in my opinion for the office, not special enough for a date. OK for shopping, but not for the theatre.(get my drift?) Having said that, I will probably buy it again when this bottle runs out. It is a nice combination of mossy, musky, floral and fruits. Whew!! I am definitely going to try Heidi's idea of combining it with Crystalle though.
I've tried both the EDT and the EDP and I have to admit that the EDT smells a whole lot nicer than the latter. Although the it is gorgeous and incredibly inviting especially with its musky end notes (something that I absolutely adore in my perfumes), its staying power on my skin is so disappointing that I just couldnt make myself buy it, despite of its lovely smell.
Underwhelming, nondescript flowers and vanilla that somehow manage to be both extraordinarily heavy and extremely light. I received 3mls of this as a free deluxe sample at Sephora and planned to give it away. However, it worked okay when combined with a simple, fresh green scent (I chose Verde by Nest). I might try mixing it with a strong, dry wood next (maybe Cypress Cedar from Banana Republic's Icon Collection).

Overall, I can't give it a full thumbs down just because it's boring to me. I can easily understand its mass market appeal. I see this shining on the right person in the right setting (I imagine a high school girl who never wears makeup or perfume dressing up for her first prom), and I'm a full believer of 'to each his (or her) own.'
I am on the fence with this scent. I certainly don't hate it, but I agree with the assessment that it is all generic flowery sweetness on me and lacks depth and complexity. It reminds me a bit of the scent of children's pretend cosmetics --that sickly sweet, flowery, rosy, baby doll-ish scent that I remember. I find it can also be quite strong and headache inducing for me. I will keep trying to wear my small sample bottle from Sephora (I do love the packaging), but I wouldn't repurchase.
This smelled great when I first sprayed it on, but once it dried down all the florals disappeared and it just smelled like woodsy soap.  It lasted a really long time though.  
A bit over-the-top... people love don't mind the fragrance.  I'm not sure how I feel about it.  Very floral for when you want to get noticed.  The floral/rose scent is okay... but... maybe it is the patchouli... there is something in there that I don't really LOVE.  I wear it, but won't buy it again.
Flowerbomb opens with an overwhelming blast of sugar and juicy-fruity notes with a subtle and quite weird sort of tomato-pimiento aftertaste (I thought of red pepper, but I don’t see it listed, so perhaps it may be due to the tea note whatever they built it with). Gallons of galaxolide provide a shampoo feel, adding power to an already quite nuclear and sickening concoction. Still, I also get some herbal-green nuances which I quite enjoy, that manage to add something fresh and crisp to this candy in a bottle. Honestly though, I get quite the “bomb” but not the “floral”, as Flowerbomb is basically more a sort of sugary-green gourmand with a warm heart supported by patchouli, and dusted with a powdery shade – these must be the flowers, but they’re so light and generic they could be anything. Just a whiff of soapy feel. Boring yet everlasting drydown. Intergalactically far from being a masterpiece, and still much far from being actually just barely good; but I won’t consider it a complete disaster, I guess fruity gourmand lovers may like this – in the end, it’s the same stuff many niche brands do at twice the price. Just – please! – apply it sparingly.

(did it really take all those people to make this?)

5,5/10
If you love the smell of the marshmallows you grow in your flower garden then this is the one for you. Not bad for the semi-gourmand floral category but there are many that pull it off better.
I agree with flaming_june0101, I used to love this bomb - I felt like The Bomb wearing it! Eventually my bottle was empty and while I saved up money for a new one I discovered it on others and yes, they smelled cheap! Maybe because I recognised it and remembered how I used to be (very young) and therefor didn't like it, I don't know... It's a great fragrance for young people, but as a grown-up I don't feel comfortable wearing it.  
I used to love this fragrance. I wore it every day for a couple if months. But then I smelled it on an acquaintance and it smelled so cheap and cloying. That ruined it for me. I feel like it smells great on me, but smelling it on another person opened my eyes to another facet that I didn't like. This one will go on the shelf for a little bit.
Not exactly a bomb of flowers this Flowerbomb. Sure there's a bouquet full of variety, but what stood out more to me was the waffle-like sweetness, growing more intense in the heart notes. The dry down is still sweet but in a different way, and less aggrressive overall. 

Flowerbomb was made to be popular, and the mission was accomplished quite well.
Initially rough because of the first whiff of earthy tea and citrus this one turns out as an oversweety cocktail of flowers, patchouli, amber and in my perception sandalwood and musk, too monolithic, sugary, powdery and boring for my taste. The outcome is a rose-jasmine-patchouli scent with a musky cloudy-dusty temperament almost gourmand for its sweetness that reminds a bit the dusty effect of eliotrope. The smell is not enough changing and multifaceted for my taste. The combination of citrus-patchouli and flowers with the addition of some aromatic-boise' notes reminds effectively the aromatic-floral smell of Coco Medemoiselle which is anyway a far better and more complex fragrance, surely more luxurious with its reinterpretation of vintage-retro' that takes on a paradoxically more futuristic smell with an angular-fresh starry patchouli that reminds Angel in some stages of its development. Flowerbomb  owns a faint longevity and a discreet projection under my nose.
I was impressed with this perfume. I thought the bottle was very creative and unique and the scent equally as creative. 

Although this fragrance doesn't really appeal to my tastes in perfume, I can appreciate Flowerbomb for what it is. 

Flowerbomb is a strong floral with beautiful hints of vanilla. The scent is sweet and powdery without being too overpowering and is warm and soft on the skin. 

This fragrance is along the lines of Angel by Thierry Mugler in the way it has been uniquely composed and in popularity. Like Angel, this fragrance either grabs you or disinterests you. 

I might have considered purchasing this perfume if it wasn't so expensive, however I understand that Viktor & Rolf are an exclusive brand and wish to be noted in same league as Chanel and Guerlain.


On first whiff, I too get a little girls sugar n spice and all things nice vibe. 
Interestingly this fragrance brings back memories of my first experiences with buying and trying fragrances for myself as a new teenager. Victor & Rolf's FB is the expensive version of a range of Impulse body sprays aimed at teenage girls. I would give anything to remember the exact name of the Impulse body spray. However, I wouldnt be surprised if the exact same one I remember from ten years ago has been repackaged as something else. Who knows, it could be FB aimed at those grown up teenagers who fell in love with the Unilever sugar water scent.

EDIT :  I went back to the pink, fluffy, sugar water scent and I was converted. Its almost as though its catnip for tweens. This stuff has an oddly addictive snuggly side (a little bit like Lush's rockstar - which I was also initially sceptical of at first whiff). Pleasantly surprised or perhaps seduced by the addictive girly catnip fragrance.
When I first smelled Flowerbomb it was a little off putting.. This & Opium are my cousins signature scents! While Flowerbomb does not smell bad, it leaves a heavy floral note to my nose. I only tested this frag on my skin once, but smell it everytime im around my cousin. It has worn on me & it smells good on her, altho its not something I would buy & wear, but I have learned to appreciate this frag for its development over time. I can see a man pulling this off. Its a neutral rating for me. Nothing more or less!
Okey! Is a good fragrance, sweet, oriental and intense. Something different from what we smell in many other fragrances out there today. But, This Really Worth The Price? I don't think so.. especially when Flowerboom's weak point is the fixation.. cuz I allways believe that a good fragance is a combination of perfect smell and a reasonable fixation..Many people compare Flowerboom and Can can by Paris hilton.. and after testing this two fragrance, I think Can can is the same but more cheap.. 
Testers of Flowerbomb were dropped off for all the female sales associates in the clothing store where I used to work when the fragrance first came out, and for a week my nostrils were bombarded with all sorts of interpretations of it. On some girls, it was so disgustingly, synthetically sweet I wanted to vomit; on others, the sweetness stayed but it wasn't so overpowering, and was just an unmistakably sugary, though wellcrafted, scent. On none of them did I detect the patchouli, which I had hoped for.A few weeks after that, I used my own tester, and it came out very strong at first and disappeared rather quickly, but there was a brief interlude where the scent made me want to bounce up and down with a big grin from ear to ear -- like an elated pop princess. All in all, for a sugar addict like myself, it's worth a cautious try.
Floral, powerful, and unique scent.  It is a Floral - Orange Tuberose type of perfume. The perfume starts with a floral scent, which later becomes sweet and floral, as middle notes start to come out. The ending has a sweeter and a little musky scent.      The floral notes in the middle are the dominant scent, which can be a little overwhelming.The perfume has a new and unique scent, but it does not motivate me enough to buy it.  
According to the Dana Thomas book 'Deluxe: How Luxury Lost Its Luster', "perfume companies buy juices they think are marketable and keep them in reserve until they find the right brand for them." One of such companies was Loreal, and apparently they bought this juice from IFF, sat on it for three whole years until Victor&Rolf knocked on their door for a new scent - and now that juice is called 'Flowerbomb'. So that is the mystery behind this very 'elusive' designer scent. It is not a story that grand. Truth be told, 'Flowerbomb' is not really a Victor&Rolf creation. It is just a juice that some businessmen thought was marketable.  After that 'fact check', I must say I think almost everyone posted an accurate review that summarized what Flowerbomb is. Personally, when I think of the name 'Flowerbomb', I think of some fragrance like YSL Paris. Not necessarily the candied flowers of this one. 'Flowerbomb' is not awful, but to me, also not quite exceptional. I feel like they tried hard to create a somewhat lighter dose flower induced version of Angel and they truly succeeded. The scent's charm heavily relies on the wearer's personal skin chemistry. Honestly, it is perhaps one of the most un-apologetically sweet juices out there.  
I smelled it together with Antidote for men... it felt nice but it gave me the sensation of an aroma not plenty original, smelled on another perfume.It starts with sweet flowers, a bit  fresh, with notes of bergamot an tea. Middle notes appears quickly, dominated by freesia in a Ralph Lauren's Romance or Lancome's Miracle remembrance, plus other notes I felt like a floral mix. The base is sweet, like orchid plus sugar or caramel, and maybe a soft wood and vanilla noticeable since the beginning.Very feminine, flowers fit well at summer and the vanilla is nice at winter. A bit complex for daytime use, better for office or evening use, for women between 25-45 years old.
Unless this is the first review you're reading about Flowerbomb, you already know it's not flowery. It is sweet and styled to make friends quickly when first encountered: vanillic with caramelized sugar and a passive patchouli presence; any "flowers" must have been dribbled in from a vat marked Generic Floral Mixture #3. Until a better expression comes along, I'm going to refer to department-store frags as being manufactured with "A Big Paddle." (I'm attracted to niche and vintage-style scents whose molecules are stacked more meticulously.) For a Big Paddle frag, Flowerbomb is pleasant enough not to scrub off, but not attractive enough to mean something special to me.
I don't agree that it's as polarising as Angel, but it's just as instantly recognisable and for that, deserves some respect.  The pink grenade shaped bottle mixes masculine and feminine imagery.  The idea of a bomb I think suggests a gradual war on the senses rather than an overpowering effect.  In the vein of Agent Provocateur's first one, it's a dusky musky floral.  Powdery but quite bodily in that it's pungent.  Like a voluptuous lady that's shaken talcum powder under her arms on a hot day.  Feminine but absolutely not girly it also has a quite bitter smell.  Some smells go 'up' when you smelll then, some 'down'.  This one stays level in terms of the progression of notes to me.
I am not as sophisticated with perfume lingo so I will just use amateur words. I loved it a lot at first, smelled sweet yet suave and sophisticated. It reminded me of Coco Mademoiselle. However, having major perfume longevity problems, I had to pass because I felt that the drydown was weak and barely there. I own Mademoiselle and after an hour it is gone on me - so I could not take the risk with this one too, specially that the price is a bit up there.   
Hmmmm, Im not too impressed with this one, but maybe I was expecting too much :o\ First of all its lacking too much vitality to be a "bomb". It doesnt smell bad, but it doesnt have much kick and from all of the reviews Ive read I was expecting it to be way more gourmand than it is. It just smells like a clone of Allure. Contrary to some opinions, Flowerbomb does NOT smell anything like Angel, I wear Angel on a regular basis and FB is nothing like it, Flowerbomb smells like flowers Angel does not.Flowerbomb and Allure share the same type of light floral scent, with that same light hint of spice. They're not bad scents, but arent distinctive enough for me. 
I have survived the explosion of Flowerbomb. Is this a good name for a fragrance? And do I want to buy something in the shape of a hand grenade? Well, it's a violent experience of flowers that will certainly get the (shocked) attention of everyone around you with the noise of fragrance. One of the reasons I wear perfume is to experience the flow of a fragrance from top note to drydown. Flowerbomb doesn't do that. You put it on and it stays that way till you scrub it off. Or surrender. It should be called Flower Claxon. Perfect for someone who likes a lot of attention over a long period of time. Unfortunately, not for me.
I love it in the bottle but it smells musty and unimpressive on my skin- like patchouli and burnt sugar. With different body chemistry it would be lovely. A must have for floral fans especially if you like patchouli but try this one before you buy- especially with the price.
I love the bottle and the marketing did wonders on my psyche... BUT it's too strong and very smoky to me.  I'm not sure that makes sense, but reminds me of a room where someone's been smoking a pipe or a fancy cigar.  
Flowerbomb? Smells sweet, spicy, caramelly and a bit like all-spice. Also this reminds me of blonde brownies baking in the oven. This isn't what I expected from a perfume named Flowerbomb.?! This is one-dimensional, as it doesn't change from the moment you put it on till it slowly wears off. In all honesty, Flowerbomb smells EXACTLY like Avon's Extraordinary! In a blind sniff test, I wouldn't be able to tell them apart. The only difference is Flowerbomb does last longer and has a bit more sillage. Also on the plus side the, bottle is very unique and makes a great conversation piece. Tho I like this, I don't think it's bottleworthy!
Irresistible tiramisu!
Definitely a gourmand fragrance and definitely a lady killer scent,she'll love close encounters.she react to this like orgasm reactions like (ohh god,wow).to me it's a sexy chicken.

Uomo interprets the sublime masculine through a luminous aura with an intense,vibrant,and glowing combination of fresh Bergamot,Aromatic Cardamom and mild spicy black pepper.An addictive sensuality accented by oriental,intriguing,and enveloping notes like tiramisu, amrboxan amber,orange Blossom melds with a racy virility symbolized by woods such as cashmere Wood while Sandalwood and tonka bean provide a cuddly comfortable scent as she want to eat him when he wears this.the dry downs very smooth and sweet.It has a slightly tropical,spicy,sweet,and just yummy vibe.totally the sweetness from the tiramisu and tonka bean is what this fragrance is all about.

I sat there just salivating thinking of a delicious hot flaky danish dessert with butter drizzled all over it - this thing is a breakfast table at a pancake restaurant in a bottle.It really doesn't stand out in any particular way.If a guy has a few bottles of well made designer fragrances,I do not see a reason to add this one to the mix.With so many endless choices for mens cologne, this one can easily get lost in the crowd.suitable during autumn/winter.

Sillage?Moderate.

Longevity?6hours on my skin

6.5/10
Batchcode 11i13AR 2018

Read so many reviews on this..really kind of a let down.

Its smells like it could be another Armani Code Flanker.

Im finding more and more that anything after 2016 is just not what it used to be - performance wise & sillage.

I blind bought because of all the positive reviews but was left rather disappointed. Its also very similar to Paco Rabanne Black XS.

I'm running on 4 sprays for 2 hours now and have gone completely blind to it, 2 on back of arms and 1 behind each ear.

I have to say again there is just a strong resemblance to Armani Code with slight hint of coffee bean.

I'd give it a 5/10 (average) just because its different - but not anything ground breaking or anything that stands out. If you want something sweet that projects - this isn't it.

Parting Note: It really does remind me of the way sample sprays in a magazine fold out advertisement smell 
Salvatore Ferragamo Uomo sits firmly in the designer realm, a linear gourmand built around a tiramisu accord that is presented in a pleasantly airy fashion, but still boasts impressive performance.

Compared to something like L'Instant de Guerlain pour Homme Eau de Toilette (which, unlike the Eau de Parfum, boasts an airiness similar to Ferragamo Uomo), Uomo seems thin. Indeed, there are a host of cacao-infused gourmands from the past twenty years that vastly outshine Uomo in artistic accomplishment.

Still, there's something here worth enjoying, and its simplicity adds, rather than detracts, from the pleasure. 
A sweet and thickly opening notes greets me and sets the stage for the future development: caramel, chocolate, freshly baked cakes and biscuits - all very rich, creamy and filled with vanilla custard. 

The other side is a nonspecifically woodsy note, which, at times, sports whiffs of a musky component.  

I get moderate sillage, excellent projection and seven hours of longevity on my skin.  

Clearly a wither scent for colder days, this creation is predictable to a level that is tedious at times.  The main drawback is the overly chemically synthetic nature of the ingredients and its poor structure.  2.5/5. 
Salvatore decides to offer a Thierry Mugler A Men flanker and call it his own.
This composition is quite familiar: sweet woody vanillaic.  Add a salty spiciness for Ferragamo weirdness or Italian charm, your choice.
Not a bad fragrance in and of itself, since it does stand out in that tonka bean based gourmand-for-men genre of masculine fragrances.

My initial thoughts after spraying were a cup of coffee with cookies baking or honey roasted almonds.  Very syrupy sweet, heavy and nutty. Wife detected some "smokey" notes.

Seems most appropriate for cold nights when you want to get close with someone.

Very good projection from opening into the drydown, so no need to over-spray. After the opening softens, I do get some florals, although only in a very soft way.




A gourmand lover's dream.  This opens with sugar, vanilla, maple syrup, a bit of cooking spices...Cinnamon? Reminds me of some of the Bond no 9 Sickly sweet gourmands. New Haarlem maybe? Anyway, if you get it ONLY wear it in cold weather, and not somewhere where it will mingle with food odors.
The opening is not-too-sweet lemons with something kinda musty or animalic. It also has a slight herbal greeness. The animalic jasmine and patch combo kick in next, giving it that mature, almost feminine quality that many older scents have to my nose.  It’s not heavy it all.  Feels versatile and could be quite effective in a warmer climate. 

I’ll comment on performance but my sample didn’t come with any indication of what year it was produced, so I assume it’s fairly recent and probably what’s available in stock at retail. Projection was just okay throughout but longevity was pretty good, lasting 8 hours. 
Eau Sauvage Parfum is probably my favorite scent period. So naturally I was going to gravitate towards the original version of it. Every time my wife drags me into Sephora I smell it on paper. The opening is beautiful, so fresh, so clean. So finally yesterday I sprayed some juice on my hand and left. About 20 minutes later it turned into a skin scent on me. Not only that but I didn't like what it turned into. It completely strayed from the beautiful opening that attracted me to it in the first place but rather a dirty vetiver vibe. Almost got a Polo Green vibe from it, and unfortunately that does not blend well with my skin. Such a shame because it truly has a great opening but whatever, at least I didn't waste my money on something I don't like. 
This as we know it comes from the past as a traditional clean, citrusy based fragrance with a dry down of a woody. This fragrance is in my meh list as it not intended to wow or intrigue anyone. A work scent is more to its niche. Sillage is standard and longevity is in the middle due to its citrus nature.
Love this classic, very fresh, lemon and Bergamot, summery,clean, leather,woody dry down. The only problem is longevity, it just fades too quickly.      
This has a very beautiful masculine citrus-and-leather scent to it that is old-fashioned in a good way and has a barbershop quality to it. However it smells almost identical to Capucci pour Homme which sells for a fraction of the price of Eau Sauvage. In comparison to Capucci pour Homme though, Eau Sauvage does have a more full smell with higher potency in the opening. As for the sillage, it is moderate while longevity is also moderate. In my opinion Capucci pour Homme is basically the same juice for a cheaper price.

4/5
Nice lemon drop candy for 5 minutes and then poof... gone. Pleasant scent, not offensive, but just not enough. I'll assume it was probably better 50 years ago. Will try this again sometime & see if it's any better. 

Aug 19,2018. Will change from thumbs down to neutral. Upon second sampling with much more fragrance, I still find the top notes disappear 5 minutes in, never to be smelled again. However, there are some nice (very light) basenotes on this that actually do last a while, but it is instantly a skin scent and to legitimately enjoy this you would have to drown yourself in it.  
I blind bought a big bottle of this stuff based on the positive reviews all over the web, and the iconic status. 

I'm giving it a neutral because of its iconic status, but I really don't like it. I don't "hate it", exactly, but I hardly ever use it. It has some sort of sickly-sweet, sugary thing going on in the opening notes that I dislike. I don't see many reviews mentioning this aspect, but I find it overpowering. After 30 minutes or so that mellows out and it improves, but not entirely. It continues to have a sort of candied sweet note all the way through to dry-down.

Other aspects of it are nice - the citrus, complexity, etc., but I can't get past that "too much Splenda" type vibe.
Light lemony-basil scent. The lemon reminds me of cut up lemons that have been run through the garbage disposal. You get the same sharp, yet fleeting lemon wafting through the air. As it drys down, more of a basil comes through and the lemon hangs around in the background. Longevity and projection are not great, but this is the type of scent that works better in an understated profile.
For me, this gets most use on hot days or after an evening shave as a refresher. 
Well i love citrus based fresh scents and always thought that Eau Sauvage will be the holy grail fragrance for me. Then One day i got a bottle. 
In my humble opinion i found it very over rated and hyped. Spending top bucks for a Dior fragrance and getting a bitter citrusy juice that lasts for no longer than 3 hours on my skin is not my idea of a Legend.
The bitter herbal candied citrusy opening is also not very pleasing to me.
No matter how hard i tried to Love it ...I failed.
Sorry Eau Sauvage.

The Neutral Rating is as a regard to its awesome reputation.
I tried my hardest to be a fan of Eau Sauvage. It smells great, it was a favorite scent of my late grandfather, and it's a perfumery legend.

Alas, I gave my bottle to a good friend of mine. The reason? On my skin, it only lasts three hours - and this is a guy where L'Humaniste, known for longevity issues, lasts all day.
On trying this out recently, I sprayed and loved it--until I smelled myself up close.  Whereas from afar, I reveled in the heavenly lemon and vetiver, at the skin level I detected a concentrated pungent, cabbage-y accord, that reminded me distinctly of helping my grandmother clean the house with a big bucket of Pine Sol in my youth.  Not exactly the fragrance I was hoping for.  However, after an hour or so, this acrid note disappeared and I enjoyed the rest of the ride.  

For me, chypres are finicky.  With a polarizing scent like Aramis, I can abide the gamey topnotes on the way to the heart of the fragrance, but this one was a bit off-putting for me.  Part of it, I think, is that Eau Sauvage EDT is at heart a 60s fragrance (like Aramis), with the cologne sensibility and orientation of that time.  Not a bad scent at all and worth trying.  Just not necessarily my favorite.  May have to give it a second chance...
The opening has a strong lipstick note. After that, powdery violets. Pretty enough, but not for me.
The floral opening is pleasantly floral, rose-centred, with a frankly disappointing hawthorn -  compared to the benchmark Aubepine Acacia. In the drydown I get a good opopanax impression, and the base might be nicely fresh, but it is quite generic on my skin.
I get moderate sillage, good projection and four hours if longevity.
The flower in the bottle is kind of cute.

I have it on today. And it smells so similar to Burberry Body because of the Bulgarian Rose. Wears off with vanilla scent.
There's no doubt that FbK is a perfume to which people are seldom indifferent. It has a smell of quality, it's penetrating and powerful in its unnuanced sweetness. I don't experience it transforming over time at all, as others seem to. On me, it's signally reluctant to do anything but fade a bit. If I didn't wash, it'd hang on, getting stale, but still resolutely, recognisably itself.
I've had it and worn it, on and off, for several years, the same bottle. At first, I was enchanted by what I took to be its splendid girly innocence. I guess what's happened is: I find its lack of development over time, its insistent shout of sweetness just plain tiring. One can weary of the best perfume, but this one seems designed in a wearisome way. Any charm offensive can fail, it falls apart into charm... and offensive...
Someone mentioned Baudrillard and the idea of a simulacrum - something which is an imitation of something else that doesn't actually exist. What a wonderful insight - and about the art of modern perfumery in general too; modern perfumes being mostly made of aromachemicals. Yes, it's nothing less than Art. 
Anyway, to get back to FbK, shallow is shallow is shallow. In FbK, the map has indeed become the territory. FbK goes nowhere slowly and is, perhaps, the appropriate scent for my last day. When I leave a wish-list of garments and so on for my body to be clad in, I'll ask to be perfumed with FbK. I won't be able to smell it and I'll be beyond weariness.

It's been a while since I first reviewed Kenzo FLOWER, my memory of which is best summed up as : vanilla baby powder. I fortuitously received a fresh sample in the mail just this week, and as I am attempting to understand Caron ROYAL BAIN DE CHAMPAGNE, it seems an opportune time to take up FLOWER again.

The opening of FLOWER holds lots of promise for this lover of violets—whether from Parma or elsewhere! Upon initially dabbing the fragrance all over my arms and décolleté today, I began to wonder whether my “vanilla baby powder” memory of FLOWER was really all wrong. Had I reviewed the perfume on a humid day, or irresponsibly allowed my blood caffeine content to dip to a dangerous low before brandishing my pen? Who knows? In those opening minutes, just enough time, coincidentally enough, to make the big sell at counters all over the world, this perfume seems like some sort of dream come true, a rich floriental with seductive appeal, clearly comprising top-notch notes which wax and wane in a lilting, lyrical way.

Alas, the drydown commences shortly thereafter, during which everything flattens out and begins to smell progressively more synthetic until, at last, I recall why my memory of FLOWER as “vanilla baby powder” was right all along. Certainly not a bad perfume, but rather blunt and banal in the final analysis, when all is said and sniffed. Rather like a marriage which may endure for years in a stagnant state after an initially exciting but short-lived romance.

Would poppies smell like vanilla baby powder, if they had a scent? Sure, why not? (if pigs could fly)

 I think MISSSPRING's review really hit the nail on the head.  She wrote:

"If Flower by Kenzo were a blind date, the evening would evolve like this:
He arrives and is better looking than you'd hoped, he has sex appeal and he is so incredibly charming. At the beginning of the date you are in heaven. Then he quickly starts to lose his allure and you begin to feel let down. "Is it me?" you wonder, as you are still hopeful. But after a short while, you find him definitely dull and even slightly annoying. "

When I first put this on I really liked it -- almost as I do my beloved Shalimar.  And then it turned to powder - nothing but poweder - and it won't go away.

This is definitely not for me.

There's nothing I can add to the reviews of this fragrance. It's a powdered spring sweet violet and mixed floral. It keeps you and the mood at that level, and doesn't seem to go 'deep'. So it has it's place, and works as a loudly quiet innocent seeming floral, powdered and light. A nighttime or sultry fragrance it is not, and doesn't need to be. I don't hate or love it - I can see wearing it in mixed social situations, church, etc. That being said, as with all fragrances with sillage and powder, this is best worn very lightly, as it will easily cross that line of intruding on another's space. It is also slightly sneezy, and that must be kept in mind when using it around crowds. If used with restraint, this exhibits the sweet innocent powderedness of a lingerie drawer. If not used with restraint, the insincere sweetness of an ambitious southern belle running for beauty queen.
When you first smell Flower by Kenzo you will most likely recognize the scent as something that you're familiar with because you have at least known one person that wears this fragrance.

This perfume is quite distinctive. It's not an overly unique or ground-breaking scent, rather it is a safe clean-smelling, powdery floral.

I'll be honest and say that I hated this fragrance when I first sprayed it. It was strong, bitter and not at all flowery and sweet like I'd imagined it to be. 

It took some time for those top notes to disappear, but when they eventually did, I came to like this scent a little better. The violets are surprisingly the strongest and most dominant note throughout this composition, however they are powdery and slightly synthetic.

Overall, I don't mind the freshness and subtlety that Flower by Kenzo creates, but I'm really not crazy about this scent. To me it's just a common soapy/clean fragrance that hasn't pushed too many boundaries.


Here are the notes listed on the sample card: Bulgarian rose, Parma violet, Amber, White Musk, Vanilla, Almond.
This starts like a big scoop of vanilla ice cream.  It is very sweet.  The florals are nice but they are all jammed together -- very dense.  Powdery dry-down.  I'm neutral on it (rather than negative) because it seems pleasant, not synthetic.  Once the sweetness burns off, a pretty nice rose note appears, with the white musk.  The scent is just too sweet and "girly" to appeal to me.  
I thought I lucked out with the opening of FlowerbyKenzo… I smelled an impressive modern floral accord featuring a clear, minimalist rose note with a background modernistic aquatic note.  I say “lucked out” because I didn’t smell the expected violet note, which I tend to strongly dislike.  But that feeling of relief lasted only about fifteen minutes.  Then the violet note came on unrelentingly, to ruin the fragrance for me.  By the time the heart notes have been achieved, the violet dominated in conjunction with a powdery opoponax, vanilla, and the white musk combination.  The powder is charmingly feminine and of high quality.  The opening was a crystal clear floral presentation – a simplistically beautiful rose-floral accord that is an admirable and creative achievement.  I would think very highly of this fragrance if it weren’t for that unrelenting violet note.
I want to like this perfume so much.  I love the bottle, but I completely agree with Lorettagrace: Baby Powder!  I put it on, and smell nothing but baby powder for 5 hours, then I get a hint of something deeper and more complex, but it is so faint.  Fortunately I like the smell of baby powder, so my 1ml sample will be used. I just can't bring myself to spend designer perfume price for the beautiful bottle of liquid baby powder.  
The rose introduces the violet and dissappear in the first minutes. then a musky powdery sweet violet lingers on and on. i also get something ozonic (or dried clovers like?). Too sweet and too violet for my taste.
I'm of two minds about this perfume, which seems to fit in with the split personality aspect of the perfume others have mentioned.  It isn't horrible... it's quite pleasant at times.  It's just that the violet in it smells of parma violets... there's a candylike aspect to the violet that can be a little bit cloying if the ambient temperature in the room or the season isn't quite right.  That being said, Parma violets do smell nice... and the sweetness isn't overly pronounced.  It's just that I would rather eat parma violets than wear them!
Kenzo Flower is almost a copy of  of Leutece and Ombre Rose.  Magic Dreams is an acknowledged copy of Kenzo flower but I think it is much better.  Magic Dreams is dryer and blunter and less sweet and less powdery than Kenzo Flower.  Kenzo Flower is overly powdery and cloyingly sweet; Magic dreams is more buttery and has a fresher and smoother dry down. 
Flower by Kenzo EDP and Parfum comparisonLeft arm: Kenzo Flower EDPRight arm: Kenzo Flower ParfumNot sure if this was mentioned in previous reviews, but these seem to be 2 different fragrances, irrelevant of concentration.On first spray, the EDP is a bit like play-do or latex rubber. It is not as "rubbery" as the latex note I get in Sarah Jessica Parker Covet or most of the Gaultiers, and it has quite a bit a fruit up front, sort of a peach-orange combination (nectarine?) along with a synthetic floral bouquet. Ok, ok, it is a fruity floral with some lactonic "milky" quality. Within 20-30 minutes, the sharpness of the fruit & flower softens to a bit of a soapy note, and is a little bit tart or sour. In fact, it is almost a plastic smell, or maybe a bit like old lipstick (sort of waxy). It reminds me of those dolls that have scented hair. Not bad, but if I had to base my decision to purchase on this one wearing, I would give it a pass.The parfum initially has more emphasis on the latex note with less fruit, and is more powdery with what seems to be a light amber. I would not say it is significantly heavier or stronger than the EDP. Rather, it is more resinous and rich, maybe more of an evening scent. The florals are less bright in this one, probably tempered by the amber notes. Of the two scents, it has more of the same qualities of Kenzo Amour, which I love. Unlike Kenzo Amour, Kenzo Flower Parfum penetrates my senses gradually with softness. I find it more in the "Amour" family than the special edition Indian Holi (which basically smelled like Amour with red cinnamon candle wax). However, the amber notes are not stellar, and with the sourness of the fruit and floral wafting in an out, I am not sure this one is FBW either. Having said that, it is definitely the more enjoyable of the two!Much later: Everything has dried down nicely...even the Kenzo Flower lost its dense waxyness to reveal a soft powdery floral underneath. Unfortunately I sensed hints of ammonia, darn it all, this aromachemical sensitivity!
I'm just starting out with perfumes, so maybe I'll come to appreciate this one more as I gain experience, but right now the powdery note isn't something that suits me very well.  It dries down to something very like a marshmallow on me, which is a bit sweeter than I like my perfumes (YMMV).
I can definitely smell the rose in this one and the sweetness sticks for a long time. Not my thing but I don't particularly care for heavy florals. I tried it once as it was my roommates and she adored the scent. She was from Brazil and said many girls there wear it.
Starts out very promising, with a bright and uplifting opening, but quickly deteriorates into a fairly heavy, almost cloying, musty floral mish mash.  Perhaps it's my lack of experience, but I have a hard time detecting individual notes.  That would be okay if the fragrance was a 'symphonic floral' (to quote Luca Turin referring to 'Beyond Paradise').  Unfortunately, it's not. More like a poorly tuned high school band. Full on 'Meh!'
