positive Maison Francis Kurkdjian Oud Satin Mood (2015) is a real love-hate for me, but love just edges it out thankfully. Up front I need to say that this isn't really an oud fragrance, at least not after the first 30 minutes or so, but with a title like "Oud Satin Mood", we can chalk it up to oud just being part of the equation in a larger composition. One thing is for certain: this fragrance is indeed a "mood" unto itself, and garners attention with the way it transitions to that mood in the end. All of the "mood" fragrances in the oud range of MFK are designed to use the custom synthetic oud accord Kurkdjian has created (with maybe a touch of the real thing) in a novel way, while the original eponymous Maison Francis Kurkdjian Oud (2012) showcases the accord on its own. I wasn't a fan of the oud by itself, but the way he uses it here really works, with a few hangups that almost break the deal for me. The "she loves me, she loves me not" way this scent dries down is really saved by sheer kismet of what the scent finally lands on when finished developing. Had things been reversed and the recessive notes been dominant instead, this would have been a very different review. I'm not 100% sure if this is intentional by Kurkdjian himself, but at least it means Oud Satin Mood is a niche scent by design if nothing else. 

The opening of Oud Satin Mood is a brief flirtation with violet, and I do mean brief; if you blink, you might miss it. The synthetic oud and rose forms the core for the next 25 minutes or so of the wear. MFK lists two different types of rose, similar to what he did with the previous year's À la Rose (2014), but from what I can tell this is just a sweet powdery rose soap note that sorta buries the scratchy cola oud vibe of his custom accord. To me this is actually a good thing, because I really enjoy a powdery old-school almost "Victorian" rose soap kind of treatment, and I'm not big on MFK's oud accord so less of it is better to me. The rose does teeter a bit on being too prim, but the next phase sees to a corrective course. Amber and vanilla, both things Kurkdjian is very familiar with by now, make up the base of this. Some say these two destroy Oud Satin Mood's credibility as an oud fragrance, and I say it never had any so who cares? For me, the sweet vanilla actually helps keep both the scratchy oud and potentially scratchy amber in check, rounding out the dry down as romantic if not a tiny bit sexy. Oud Satin Mood feels cozy and attractive for about 8 hours of good performance in this final form, but it's not for everyone. Avoid use in hot weather due to that prominent vanilla, or you'll be sorry. Oud Satin Mood reads mostly unisex but veers a bit feminine or at least telegraphs a certain demure feeling in its "satin mood" projection on the wearer.

What is Maison Francis Kurkdjian Oud Satin Mood? It's a fragrance that feels like it sounds, a soft satin robe that surrounds your nose. The usually abrasive synthetic oud and amber here is smoothed by a very feminine soapy/powdery rose accompanied by a sweet creamy vanilla that could have been cloying if dialed just a tad higher, but juxtaposed as it is, works really well. I'm not a huge fan of the giant marked leaps from heart to base, nor do I really like such a heavy slug of "Dove soap" rose running right up my nose for 30 minutes before the rest gets on, and I am also upset the violet note of the top plays peek-a-boo, but the final destination is very highly enjoyable. If that destination wasn't the 7 1/2+ hours total of the eight you'll be spending with this rich eau de parfum, I'd have drawn a different conclusion, so that's the saving grace. There is no getting around the $300 price for 70ml however, which is even higher than most MFK lines, so I wouldn't call this bang for buck either, but fans of the range or sweeter oriental rose treatments won't find much fault beyond the cost to enter the satin mood as presented by our maistro FK. Definitely worth exploring if you can find a good deal, but also not a real oud for oud connoisseurs. Thumbs up.
positive This is a stunningly beautiful fragrance that smells to my nose of Persian ice cream (Bastani Sonnati). It's usually vanilla ice cream with a lot of saffron sprinkled on it and drenched in rosewater. Well that's exactly how this fragrance smells, especially the vanilla and rosewater. I don't really smell any oud in it, but that's ok because it's incredible smelling anyway. It smells extremely elegant, and I feel this would be the perfect fragrance to wear with a tuxedo. Projection is subtle yet strong (not cloying at all throughout its duration); while it projects in this way for 4-5 hours and then lingers for many more hours as a skin scent (so great longevity overall). This is one of the best fragrances ever made and one of my favourites of all time; a true masterpiece.

5/5
positive Absolutely brilliant! WOW... Soft Rose, Subtle luxurious Oud, Creamy Vanilla- it is absolutely stunning! Performance, and projection are phenomenal. This is not an in your face, hello Oud- and that is what I love about it. This is sexy, seductive, mesmerizing come hither scent that leaves a trail meant to turn heads. Certainly more for fall, winter, and maybe some cooler spring nights. Surpassed my love of Maison Lancome Oud Bouquet (i think- no im sure)... Elegant, Rich, Truly unisex, truly beautiful!
positive My favorite of the Maison Francis Kukdjian Oud line, Oud Satin Mood is clearly the sweetest of the bunch, a rose/oud/vanilla combination that is delicate and slightly powdery without being decidedly feminine.

The dry down does become slightly resinous, lending credence to the benzoin note, but my experience of it is still dominated by vanilla in the dry down, even a couple hours into wearing it.  I enjoy the subtlety of the dry down itself, not a cloying vanilla or rose or resin, but rather a gentle combination with some powder.

I don't detect much violet in this at all, either in the opening or later in the fragrance's life, which is fine, as I'm not a big fan of violet.

Very strong on performance for an EDP (I wouldn't have been surprised if it were labeled "extrait" intsead).

Certainly this is geared for cold weather wearing, and probably leans toward formal / night use as opposed to casual / day use.

$300 for 70ml is certainly a steep retail price for an EDP, but it's at least appropriately less expanse than the $375-for-70ml price for the other extraits in the Oud/Mood line (Cashmere, Silk, Velvet).

It's different enough from the other prominent rose/oud mix that I have (Armani Prive Rose d'Arabie) that I'd give strong consideration toward buying it at retail cost.

8 out of 10
positive Straight form the beginning I get a lovely, not too dark Bulgarian rose, with a bunch of violets forming a well-balanced opening. A woodsy undertone, a seamlessly integrated melting oud note penetrates the floral foreground, and in this composition the oud is not brutally-synthetically in-your-face à la By Kilian's Rose Oud, nor is is very discreetly in the olfactoric undergrowth as in Creed's Royal Oud.  In other word - a well-integrated oud. 

The second phase - I only get two phases on my skin - turns sweeter, based in tonka and a light ambery impression, so this sweeter stage blends in well with the rose and the oud to gradually replace the original notes.  The sweetness is well-balanced, with at times a gourmand dessert proclivity, like a halva or a crème brûlée withough the burnt flavour.  Very nice. 

As far as the performance is concerned, the sillage is quite strong, the projection excellent, and I get seven hours of longevity on my skin.  A scent for winter days that are not too chilly, this is worth a try for those who like their oud clearly present and balanced but not too loud. 3.25/5. 
positive A beautiful rose and oud combo that is nose catching at first sniff. Not an earthy oud, so if you want that blast your nose with oud effect you will be disappointed. Longevity and projection are above average. The price is a little high, but this a very good fragrance nonetheless. I will be purchasing a bottle(or at least get a nice sized decant)of this gem ASAP. 8.5/10
positive Whereas previous Oud Moods have been punishing in their bombastic brutalism, Oud Satin Mood finally delivers a perfume that beckons to me.
It has a plush rich-as-halva rose and vanilla combo at its heart that is hard to resist. This accord is half high calorie gourmand and half powdery make up. It’s enlivened at the top by an energizing violet that blends beautifully into the emerging full-bodied but graceful oriental creation coming up behind.
The oud is not the main attraction here – and that’s a recommendation. Whereas MFK ouds have been stridently butch, peppery and synthetic-seeming, the construct used here is of the humid and warm variety, woody but without the screech normally associated with that descriptor in perfumery these days.
Oud Satin Mood is a buxom creature, but no wanton – its embrace is gentle and warm, but it won’t stick its tongue up your nose.

positive Oud Satin Mood by Maison Francis Kurkdijan is a big, fat Middle Eastern sweet, the kind that is doused in rose syrup, thickened with salep, aromatized with mastic, sprinkled with rosewater and pistachios, and then, finally, dusted with a thick layer or five of powdered sugar so thick your teeth leaves indents in it.

Which means, of course, that I love it.

How could I not? I live in a country so thoroughly marked by a Turkish occupation in the late 1500s that every second word in the food vocabulary is Turkish. And since Turkish cuisine is influenced also by high Persian cuisine, we have quite a few Persian words for food too. Lokum (Turkish delight), halva, tulumba (fried cakes doused in honey syrup), baklava, sutlias (rice pudding) and many, many others – well, you get the picture.

To be honest, I don’t like to eat that stuff – but I do love perfumes that are based on what they smell like.

To me, Oud Satin Mood is a real standout in the Middle Eastern "dessert" genre (if such a genre exists outside of my own head, that is). The opening smells like a thick jam of berries and rose petals stirred through a pot of condensed milk on the stove. We are preparing to make Kulfi here. As vanilla, milk, sugar, and rose petals are cooked down, the sugar and sweet milk combine to produce a sort of toffee-like note.

This sounds almost oppressively sweet, doesn’t it? But it’s not, I swear. There’s a shot of violet here too, which combined with the rose, injects the mixture with the powdery smell you get when you open a Chanel pressed powder compact. It smells, in short, like a Middle Eastern sweet crossed (and leavened with) a rich cosmetics powder accord. 

There is also a very faint backbone of oud, and although it’s very subtle, it adds a medicinal woodiness that keeps the sugariness of the vanilla-milk syrup and rose jam in check. At this stage, it smells like MFK’s original Oud got together with Chanel’s Misia and had a baby. In a Middle Eastern pastry shop.

Oh, and the sillage, baby, the sillage!……this one wafts across crowded bars and noisy parties. A perfume as opulent and as powdered as this demands a generous bosom from which to radiate. Could a man wear this? I don’t see why not, as long as the man in question likes deeply sweet, powdery fragrances. He will be missing the cleavage, though. This perfume needs the cleavage.

It gets a bit too monotonously sweet in the dry down. The oud and rose disappear leaving only the hefty vanilla-amber and violet-y powder to do the heavy lifting. I wonder, with the amber and violet, if this smells anything like the fabled Guet–Apens by Guerlain? I’ve never smelled it, so I don’t know. Maybe someone can report back.

Anyone who dislikes powder or very sweet vanillas and ambers might have a problem with this. For a while, I could have sworn there was both caramel and white musk in this, so powdery and syrupy-sweet was the dry down, but I can’t see it listed in the notes anywhere. It must be the amber.

It reminds me somewhat of the crumbly butter cookies I smell in the far dry down of Tocade, but maybe even more of the oppressively-thick musk and caramel dry down of Dame Perfumery’s Black Flower Mexican Vanilla, which represents my own personal line in the sand when it comes to powder and sweetness. In short, I love most of this perfume except for the final last gasps, where it gets a bit cloying.

The price is €306 for 70ml, which is a bit too rich for my blood and especially for a perfume where the oud note – real or synthetic as the case might be – is simply too subtle to justify the cost. But there’s no denying that this is a real bombshell of a perfume and a standout in the Middle Eastern sweet gourmand/oud genre.

negative It's all oud almost. Might as well put on an oud essential oil. A smoky oud with a burned smell in the background. You may have smelled this type of oud fragrance being worn by many Middle Eastern (religious) men. I can only see this being applauded by this target audience as oud to them is the go to scent and deeply engrained within their cultures. They might also pick up various subtleties where Oud Satin Mood may or may not outperform other ouds, as they are so familiar with the stuff. 

The rose you get is harsh and pungent and to my nose not all that natural smelling just because the sharp oud keeps being in front of it morphing the rose notes (that probably are in fact very natural at this price point). Because of this, I'm reminded of many a room deodorizer with similar rose like scents. 

It's completely non-gourmand. I get no vanilla at all, no pods, no essential oil, no vannilin.

I wish Kurkdjian had surprised me like Montale did with Black Aoud but he didn't.
negative Smells too much like a Montale.  Heavy, dirty, rose-oud combo, not enough sweet vanilla-amber to balance it out.  I'm getting zero violet. 
 Just ends up smelling like an old-lady. The vanilla does come through the more you let it sit into the drydown but it's hard to get past the loud rose that becomes cloying.

This thing projects so be careful with the sprays, you won't need many.
negative Stardate 20170531:

Too sweet. Wish they had toned it down. The oud,rose and whatever else they have in it gets drowned by the cloying syrup. It does gets better 10 hours later but that is too long a time to wait for.

neutral A rose-oud fragrance that is not a rose-oud, but more about amber and vanilla. The initial violet is brisk and quickly leads to the oud and the rose - which have received the MFK treatment, and are tempered. Nonetheless this accord is quite compelling and feels plush and rich. However, this accord barely survives for about 2-3 hours before a giant halo of sweet amber and vanilla takes over and dominates the composition till the end. There is a very nice diffused sillage, and duration is excellent at more than eight hours. 

While this one is a good composition, eventually it's an amber/vanilla in my books and not an oud or a rose composition. And, within the class of amber/vanilla it's a solid composition, but nowhere near the crème de la crème when it comes to amber or vanilla compositions. 

Therefore, more of a filler in a line called the Oud series.

2.5/5
neutral Sampling a variety of mass marketed Ouds as a precursor to an eagerly awaited parcel of Sultan Pasha Attars which contain the genuine article.  This is a mildly interesting floral, not bad by any means.  One gets more wood in the drydown, but the predominant note here is rose. 
positive My favorite of the Replica series so far. The smoke and vanilla create a pleasant toasted marshmallow vibe that in my opinion is unisex and very mellow, not overwhelming. In fact, I think it could a bit stronger, particularly longevity-wise. Only lasts a couple hours, especially in any kind of heat. Definitely worth a sample though.
positive I love this fragance. Every time I go to Sephora, give a try. Looking to buy a full bottle in October '19. It's beginning to smell like Christmass.
positive This fragrance is an incredibly accurate depiction of roasting marshmallows in a campfire, and is incredibly smoky. You can almost see the smoke emenating from your skin when you wear this. But it's entirely pleasant due to the vanilla-marshmallow accord which sweetens and grows stronger over time while wearing this. I also detect some woodsy notes. On my skin, sillage is moderate leaning strong while longevity is very strong - in fact the strongest out of any in the Replica line of fragrances. The smokiness in the fragrance reminds me of Encre Noire by Lalique somewhat, but that is an earthy, dark forest while this is a very cozy, warm campfire in a forest. If Encre Noire represents Mirkwood forest, then By the Fireplace represents the warm campfires of the wood elves. This is also totally unisex. As a fragrance, this is incredibly unique and is an olfactory experience. Due to its strength and scent, I am giving this a perfect score.

5/5
positive Great entry in the Maison Martin Margiela line; generally, this house has very creative, thought-provoking scents that are a great alternative to the usual fare available out there.

Replica by the Fireplace sure resembles its name: Moderately smoky, warm woods with chestnut accord that is an experience more than an impression scent, IMO (although it can achieve the latter as well).  As one reviewer pointed out, this fragrance doesn't smell like a typical indoors fireplace per se; I liken it to an outdoors campfire vibe, livened up with vanillic sweetness. 
positive Sweet, woody vanilla with just a hint of smoke. This is warm, inviting and cozy like it is intended to be but it's not as heavy as I thought it would be.  Has something that kinda lightens or freshens it up, but the overall sweetness and vanilla keep this a cool weather scent.

Projection is very good.


positive I adore this so much. As others have said, it's quite a unique smoky woody scent, and it has a fascinating underlying balsamic note that makes my heart swell. By the Fireplace is a perfect winter/end of autumn fragrance.
positive I can't get enough of this fragrance. It's such an easy to wear smokey/woody fragrance. I love the underlying nuttiness it has, with just the touch of sweetness. Very warm and inviting. Also very easy to wear!
positive I usually don't like smokey fragrances, but this one is great. May be a tad too sweet (even though I love vanilla).  It's original. It made me think of when I burnt (a bit) caramel popcorn. I'll consider buying a full bottle.
positive smoky vanilla.this scent pretty much stays the same way from start to finish,only loosing some of the smokiness. 
positive Sweet and smokey... so far so good... then well its sweet (vanilla sweet) and smokey. Not sure if it's "fireplace" smokey but it is smokey.  It does smell nice but it's been done before and is very linear.  A neutral but the rating could be adjusted after a few more wearings.


Additional review.
After an additional wearing I have adjusted this to a thumbs up. It is gourmandish for sure.  Not as sweet as I originally thought and the vanilla isn't as harsh the 2nd time around. It has been done before for sure but I like it. Try before you buy due to redundancy and price. Enjoy!
positive I love this unique, smoky, slightly synthetic, overly sweet woody-gourmand weirdness. I get a lot of candy vanilla, smoked wood, and something balsamic in the background. Nothing more, nothing less. However, the combination of notes works great on my skin. Longevity and sillage are good.
positive What a wonderful scent for winter. I was expecting a very smoky accord, but the smokiness is very restrained. It's an all enveloping boozy, nutty, herby wood for the most part but with a warm balsamic sweetness (it works) in the base. 

A cosy 'snuggle up' drydown that lasts for ages.

Seems to have gone unnoticed here but is well worth checking out imo.

negative I love a good gourmand, but By the Fireplace pushes into stomach-churning territory, ostensibly an aromatic picture or a s'mores-by-the-fire scene, but what it actually delivers is a grotesque mish-mash of acute marshmallow sweetness and a barbecue grill-ish smoke effect.

neutral I have a sampler set (“Memory Box”) of Replica scents, and this is one of them. When I first got the box I didn’t even try this one on my skin after sniffing it—too smokey, I thought. However, after reading a few reviews that said the smoke really takes a backseat to the vanilla, I thought I’d give it a try. I’m glad I did, because I like it a lot better on my skin. Unlike sniffing it from the bottle (campfire all the way) on the skin the smoke immediately becomes a subtle note mixed with the vanilla, like toasted marshmallow. If you don’t like sweet you won’t like this, but if you do, it’s not bad. On the down side, it is fairly linear. I wouldn’t buy a full bottle, but I’ll use up my little sample bottle. 
neutral The idea of a crackling fireplace in a bottle is very appealing and I love layering under some of my favorite scents to warm them up for the winter.  As a standalone scent, this simply just doesn't work with my skin chemistry but smelled wonderful on a friend of mine.  I bought it because of a testing strip and loved the smokiness and woodiness of it.  However, on my skin, it made me smell like a sausage.  I think my skin naturally brings out balsamic flavors and muskiness.  I was so disappointed but I will commend this brand for its creativity.  
neutral This isn't bad. The vanilla / chestnut combination is reminiscent of Fat Electrician with the vetiver replaced with a light smoke. Nice for autumn / winter but possibly a little on the feminine side of unisex for me.
neutral More like "By The Campfire". Reminds me of my Boy Scout camp outs. This is something I wouldn't wear, the smokiness just doesn't appeal to me.
neutral This does indeed smell like a campfire and toasted marsh mellows. Not bad but I much prefer the gorgeous Jazz Club. 
neutral Lightly smokey, but not a fireplace smoke. More the scent of a roasted, caramelized marshmallow, with just enough woodiness to keep it from being overly cloying. Still quite sweet, but fine for autumn or winter. Completely unisex. Lasts quite a long time and really projects with body heat.
neutral Reminds me of an updated version of Michael Jordan Legend (not as sweet though). Can that be a bad thing? Of course not! But the vanilla gourmand thing has been done quite a lot. Don't get me wrong, I like the fragrance. If you don't have any vanilla dominated fragrances, this would be a good look for you. 7.5/10
positive Have not worn this for at least a decade or more and it has been bastardised to death, but the original Eau de Parfum is and will always be a masterpiece. Has there been another gourmand that even comes close to the daddy? 
I recall a scandal back in the early 90's when an early 20th century perfume house roughly copied the formula and bottled it in one of their 1920/30s perfumes pretending it was the original fragrance, thinking they would get away with it as up to that point in France no perfume house had ever sued another on the basis of copying. The Grande Damme behind Angel decided to break that tradition and took them to court, I believe the matter was settled out of legal chambers finally but lets say the older house ended up with quite a lot of oeuf on their face, there are lots of other dirt on how the battle was won but the point I'm making is that Angel is one of those rare animals that could not be compared to anything when it launched in 92, totally unique, perhaps the last time that was achieved in commercial perfumery. Last thing, like Aventus now, and all the other Boom Boom perfumes less is definitely more, death by Angel is not sexy its like being smothered to death by an aging cougar who really should stay at home and leave the club to her granddaughters! 
positive This is the world's first notable gourmand perfume, and the one upon which perfumer Olivier Cresp's reputation (alongside Yves de Chiris) is based. Angel by Thierry Mugler (1992) was downright bizzare when released, a love-it-or-hate-it scent that proved as polarizing as it would be successful, much like most of the fashion designs from Thierry Mugler himself. Angel is claimed to contain no intentional floral notes in the heart, and has had many limited edition bottlings over the years, in addition to innumerable flankers. The equally-notorious A*Men/Angel Men (1996) composed by Jacques Huclier wouldn't stray very far from this formula when released either, which is a testament to the universal appeal Angel seems to have for those who click with its vibe. There have been so many flankers of both this and its male counterpart, you almost can't mention Thierry Mugler and perfume without bringing up Angel; this stuff is literally that genre-defining in the designer segment. Most of all, Angel also helped ease people back into the idea of musk as a main carrier note rather than oakmoss or amber, since dirty musks were so played out by the end of the 80's that most perfumers skipped them if they weren't soapy in tone until Angel made a warm musky skin feel cool once again, likely due to the warmth coming from food notes rather than animalic ones. Another huge polarizing facet of Angel is its inclusion of helonial, a common scent molecule in laundry soap that also saw use in the men's iteration as well. There was just so much going on here that ran counter to what designers were doing at the beginning of the decade, Mugler is lucky this got off the ground at all. Most of the controversy I gather comes from how cloying this accord can be to people who are sensitive to its primary components, and this was especially true when its initial popularity made it a fairly ubiquitous sight on streets, subway cars, and in other public spaces. 

Angel opens with the prerequisite bergamot and a slew of fruity, dewy elements including strawberry, calone (from melon), honey, jasmine hedione, and whiffs of rose, likely implied by a hit of geraniol but with no actual rose oil. Helonial also makes its rare appearance, and as a note aforementioned to be typically reserved for perfumes found in laundry soap, it contrasts the otherwise-sticky gourmand heart considerably/ The helonial is an aldehyde derivative of heliotrope, and has a sharp glistening chrome sheen that would start seeing use in masculines down the road, but here it's leading into the controversial cocoa and caramel heart. The men's version bites with coffee bean, lavender, and peppermint, but here we just get a rounded hay-like coumarin to accentuate the sweetness, before the stiff patchouli and musk base take over for the final dry down approach. I get some creamy polysantal "sandalwood" without the dryness and diffusion of the real deal, but that's okay because it isn't the focus here with Angel, and just padding instead. When it's all said and done, you've got the ur-gourmand accord of chocolate, tonka, fruit, vanilla, and patchouli, which is only a few clicks away from being an oriental in tone. Sillage can wallop you so be careful, but otherwise Angel is a gentle perfume in personality if used with discretion. Here is a creamy romantic warmth good for snuggling up in winter, or cool evenings anytime. The musk note is not funky at all, but still has a bit of that "animal fat" tone in it which may not sit well with people used to clean-smelling white musk, so approach gingerly. I'd not use Angel in a formal or office setting, as it's just too amiable for a stern or reserved atmosphere. The energy given off by this stuff is just too friendly and warm for anything where you may need to be aloof towards strangers like in the workplace or a formal event. In the summer time, this would definitely choke me out if I was around it too long, so take that as you may when choosing an appropriate time to wear it. 

For most of the 90's, Angel was the Giorgio Beverly Hills (1981) of its time, becoming an unavoidable wall of scent in shopping malls and restaurants, hence some of the backlash. I know I'm pretty sensitive to too much patchouli and anything rich with tonka or vanilla myself, so I'd prefer the men's version which tones these elements down to a drier demeanor, but I am not bothered by this otherwise. Angel is a rare perfume I can respect and appreciate on another but never have an interest to smell myself, and this is coming from someone who often wears feminine-market fragrances, as it feels better to be caught in a chance encounter with Angel then to be enveloped in a cloud of the stuff than to dwell within one for any length of time; in an ephemeral state this is a very nice surprise, but prolonged exposure proves a bit more tiresome. Mostly unisex in feel but leaning slightly feminine, Angel by Thierry isn't a knockout anymore because other  houses have since done this accord to death, but it's a nice "comfort food" scent (pun intended) for fans of low-key semi-versarile semi-dirty musks with something going on besides the usual white florals. Compared to the "transparent" fruity florals, syrupy fruitchoulis, and ambroxan shenanigans of the 21st century, Angel is starting to finally show the laugh lines of age to those who care about relevance in perfume trend, but is by no means anachronistic or uncommon on the street. Reformulation hysteria also follows this one, but from what I can recall, the basic sweet foodie patchouli and semi-dank musk accord from when my older sister wore it back in the day still holds true in recent testers I have sniffed in stores. Hell, there are still people who actively seek out and collect all the various limited packages of the stuff, and although the cult of Angel is nowhere near as obsessive as say, followers of Creed Aventus (2010), a lot of talk over which Angel is "best Angel" does happen! Thumbs Up.
positive Angel - Thierry Mugler
This just goes to show that a bitter yet 'clean' camphorous tonality can save a perfume, and not only that but also create something novel and excitingly new. For me, Angel paints a darkish brown picture with a contrasting mix of purple and green colours and this works best when sprayed in moderation: less is more with this one. Sillage and projection are absolutely stellar, there is something very 'natural' the way this perfume presents itself: not too loud but very intense in an amiable way. It kind of reminds me of old vintage perfumes containing real deer-musk. I have tried not to like Angel but I had to surrender to its magic eventually. 
positive Been wearing this for 20+ years. I'll forget about and then come back to it. Classic
positive I first bought this fragrance in November 1992 and as one reviewer commented, I too had people stopping me to ask what I was wearing.  The scent was complex, a little disorienting.  It was heady, rich, and with just a tiny hint of something 'rotten' underneath.  That extra note hit it out of the park.    

The tiny star bottle lasted forEVER, and I replaced it again in, I think, 2000?  I don't think it is any different from the 1992 version, others may have better data on that question. 

It will be a great disservice to this wonderful fragrance if the formula was changed in order to be novel or less expensive.  

Readers need to be aware that the EU has cranked down on the use of many classic perfume ingredients, both natural and man-made, due to concerns that they are allergens.  Perfumers don't want to be seen as fighting safety rules, so they conform by re-formulating their fragrances.  

I am not young;  there are many fragrance notes from older perfumes my mother wore (Norell, Tabu, Chanel #5, Alliage, others) that I smell nowhere anymore, anywhere, ever.  My bet is that they are simply banned due to Henny-Penny "the sky is falling down!" concerns about potential contact allergies.  

I'm an adult who keeps peanuts from my kid.  I'm ok with being responsible for my allergic reactions to fragrance.  
positive I get patchouli all way long from the beginning. The opening smells quite herbal to me and almost freaked me out the first time. Then the sweetness just can't wait and bursts out right away. I swear if I tested on paper I'd drop it down right away. But after about 2 hours, it smells heavenly! The right amount of chocolate, caramel, honey and vanilla is so delicious. The patchouli is no longer fierce but holds perfectly the balance between sweetness and freshness. It's even intriguing as it hides among the sweet notes and tickles your nose when you expect the least. I have to admit I'm still not very used to the first 2 hours but for the lovely drydown I can wait. Fortunately the longevity is excellent for over 12h, it worths! The sillage is good, too. Though it's known as a heavy fragrance, I think with a light touch, the drydown has no problem in summer. 

The bottle is cute! But the name Angel doesn't fit that well IMHO. It's sweet but with a dark side hiding behind. Maybe Ange ou Demon should be better distributed to this one? LOL.

Originally written in 2013
positive Phenomenal. This one is controversial ... but on me, it was alllll goodness. ;)
positive I love this complex perfume with many notes.  First, I smell chocolate, then berries and caramel.  The perfume smells different on every person, but smells great on m.e  I always get compliments on it.  It is loud and friendly, but not overwhelming.  I wear it year round.  
positive Add me to the list of those who adore this.  Big, bad, bold, bodacious. I love it.  My husband loves it.  No other opinions matter.  Since I never smelled Angel when it first was released, I can't complain of reformulation.

And, I love the giant, chunky tester bottle I currently possess. 
positive I find the opening of Angel Eau de Parfum difficult to go through. A musky chocolate. But the dry down is to die for. It gets acid with berries and bergamot. Then, the basenotes of silky caramel are gorgeous. I just wish sillage and longevity were longer. 
positive Love this. After it's on a while, you just want to eat it. The Carmel and chocolate....mmmmm 
What I really liked about it was that it lasts forever.
positive Upon first spray I really didn't like Angel but I gave it a change and I'm glad I did.

It's such a gourmand. It's gourmand royalty. This is a fragrance which is so popular and dare I say it, common but it seems to behave differently on different people, giving it that special edge for everyone. For me once the first spray starts to settle down I feel like I'm being followed around by a sherbet dib dab. Every now and then it morphs into something else, vanilla ice cream, chocolate, the pick and mix section. Really it's like walking though a sweet shop. Still it has something slightly darker and heavier which seems to anchor it. I believe that could be the bergamont.

There is also something that catches me every now and then that isn't so good. I don't know what it is but a previous review described it like BO. I understand what they mean but I would have described it as more of a chemical smell, almost like bleach. Fortunately it's very fleeting.

Lasts fantastically and projects well, even on my skin which normally eats up fragrances super fast. This is not one that you want to over spray or you run the risk of making yourself and everyone around you feel very sick.
positive Love the opening, sweet Vanilla, balanced by the tart bitterness of Bergamot.
 Try Bergamot perfume extract on your Vanilla Ice Cream sometime. It's glorious!
 Note the Caramelly texture and the nod to Chocolate later. The Berries make this perfect for Feminine or Masculine skin, except the drydown. Whoa! I get a tenacious "Generic Clean" note that ends up relentless even through a shower.
It's obvious this continues to be so very popular with the Girls.It's sexy and quite clever in construction. 
The opening and heart are quite intriguing and most narcotic. In the End it is like a hangover and leaves me feeling like I need alterations to my Meds.
Thumbs up? Well....Everyone needs to try it. At least once.
positive Perfect Gourmand...

A true beauty here. This is one which I expected to be a monster, but it really turned out to be sublime in it's smell and performance. I tried the male version first, which I found extremely harsh and almost cloying, with a screechy tar note and heavy patchouli. This in the other hand, is perfect for me.

One thing I like about Angel is that the notes are blended perfectly to my nose. The patchouli, chocolate, caramel, vanilla and honey are all perfect. To me no one overwhelms the other too much. There are elements of candy floss, fruits, berries and tonka bean that show up as well (all of which I love). It's one hell of a gourmand, and I love it!

It's a fragrance which I would love smelling on people and wearing also. I find it a lot more wearable than the men's version, and it just feels "done right" to my nose. Probably best in cooler weather in my opinion, but could probably be worn year round with measured spraying. I think this isn't the beast that people make it out to be (at least to me)... so give it a try!
positive The opening is a mix of bergamot and incense helional, full of pure and transparent like the air, and on to a scent of fruit and full of sweet honey gradually spread, taking full feeling and delicious attractive as in the memories of childhood. Finally, Angel will be finished in vanilla, chocolate, caramel and patchouli wood, and sexy, attractive and powerful medium, full of charm.

The scent sensual, warm create a hard to resist the charm for women. Sample bottles impressive design with modern colors. Extremely good fragrance.
positive What could I possibly say that remains unsaid about Angel? Rich, dark, bold, statement-making sexy. I wear it everytime I can, feels appropiate for everytime. I've smelled it on formal events, wine tasting evenings, it even attends my pilates class. 

No doubt it was quite a thing when it first came out and owned the gourmand cathegory, but now that same kind of scent has evolved into something intoxicatingly sweet as Flowerbomb or Manifesto, and Angel has another new market like gourmandchuli. And thank GOD for that patchouli, for that's the reason why something that smells edible also screams unedible. 

I was gifted my first bottle when I was 16 or so and gifted it away. Then someone else bought it for me and gave it away. I finally purchased MY OWN bottle of Angel at a duty free in Sao Paulo. 

It's heavy stuff if youre not into the patchouli note, but I somehow grew into it and welcomed it into my wardrobe. It's siilar to Shalimar -in structure- so you kinda have to wear it to figure it out. 

It's a sillage monster, so I go gently on it, and definately wear it when I'm going on high profile. I have to admit that even when so many people wear it, it blends different on my skin -as well on others- and that IS the main reason why I like such a mainstream fragrance, dispite the fact of it's "uniqueness" in the market.

So, if you're reading this humble opinion on Angel and haven't tried it yet, give it a try on your skin and let it ripen. You've probably smelled it lots of times before knowing how it actually blends with your skin.
positive I can’t really do a BLUF (bottom line up front) for this hot topic…too many moving parts.  All I can say is that I’m on the “Love” side of the love/hate dichotomy.  It’s a clumsy, unapologetic, fun fragrance with a sense of humor.  I imagine Rose Tyler would make the TARDIS smell of Angel.

Yes it’s bold, but it doesn’t strike me as “in your face”.  Maybe it’s the way my girlfriend wears it or her particular skin chemistry, but it’s not offensive to my nose at all.  I’m in my early 30’s and she in her mid-20’s, for reference.

My layman summary would be: a playful burnt caramel/honey/patchouli...the drydown being almost pure patchouli to my nose, with some sweetness.  Maybe I’m partial because my girlfriend is stunning, sexy, and an absolute muse to me and this is her go to, but she wore this long before I became interested in the wide world of perfumery, and I loved it then as much as I do now. 

Like many fragrances, over-applying is going to have a negative result…I can see that being the case here more so than with many other fragrances.  I’d venture to say some women who wear Angel, might wear a little too much (we’ve all been guilty of this at some point).  Longevity is off the charts, sillage is a bit less so but still above average.  I wouldn’t call it a full-blown gourmand honestly, but it’s in that realm for sure.  I don’t get the cocoa/chocolate that many seem to.  It is predominately caramel/honey with a lot of patchouli after the fact.

With the Angel hand cream, on top of the previously mentioned notes I get a bit of sweet urine mixed with fresh hay, but for whatever reason, it smells absolutely sexy to me.  It’s kind of embarrassing to read that back to myself, but this stuff just drives me mad, period.
positive Tension created by the mixture of edible and inedible notes is what gives the gourmand genre its particular interest. The mind isn't sure how to react to something that says 'eat me' and 'don't eat me' at the same time.

Angel takes this effect one unsavoury step further with its red fruit syrup, candy floss and caramel served up with plummy rose and white flowers, dark chocolate, mothballs, bitter wood and mouldy rot.

The original, most distinctive and probably still the best gourmand on the planet. Certainly the most wicked.

*****

negative I am late on the bandwagon in sampling Angel. So I wanted to keep an open mind and give it a chance. And well.... I just can’t get my head around it. I find it strange, off putting, cheap and generic smelling. An odd mix of sweet and spicy notes. Doesn’t smell foody to me, nothing appetizing about this combination of foody notes. I am late in trying this scent, and perhaps if it hadn’t already been ruined by all of the imitations of it I might have felt differently. I smelled imitations of it before I realized I smelled imitations of it. So I’m afraid that for me Angel ends up smelling like a cheap imitation of itself. I found it unpleasant and nauseating. Had to wash it off. By the way, I do like Alien and Eau de Star by Mugler. But Angel is not for me. I would definitely not recommend Angel as a blind buy or gift due to its polarizing qualities. 
negative I loved Angel when it was brand new: I had never smelled anything like this sweet, fruity, caramel and chocolate creation! It was such a refreshing change from all the ozonic fragrances of the time, which followed the popularity of L'Eau D'Issey and Escape. After wearing it for about a year, I tired of it, and haven't worn it again until recently, when I suddenly decided to buy another bottle. Initially, I thought my new bottle of Angel smelled as it always did, but the more I have worn it, I have realised this fragrance has drastically reformulated. Though it is unmistakably Angel, it is not as sweet as it used to be, and the fruity notes seem more muted: the fragrance is heavier than it was, and now places far more emphasis on damp smelling patchouli and dark chocolate notes than the sugary chocolate-caramel of the original formulation (this damp patchouli and dark chocolate combination was taken to extremes in Givenchy's Very Irresistible For Men, which I always thought smelled like damp A*Men). This new formulation is unfortunately very inferior to the original! The bath and body products have clearly been reformulated too: they used to smell exactly like Angel Eau de Parfum, but now smell of heavy patchouli and fruity notes. The body creme was a particularly lovely product (originally in an elegant glass jar); even though it is still beautiful quality, it now has an overpoweringly strong fruit and patchouli scent, which I find very sickly (this version is sold in a rather over the top plastic "flying saucer" jar).
My thumbs down is for the current version of Angel; the original would definitely have got a thumbs up. I have, however discovered that Angel Etoile Des Reves, smells almost identical to Angel's original formulation, and is, for my tastes, far preferable the one available now.
negative Before Christmas 2017 I was going to order a sample of this online but decided against it.

Wise move!

Apparently, it has been added to the growing list of 're-formulated scents' whereby the people are being duped into buying something that is NOT like the original version.  For example, chocolate (for which Angel is/was famous) has been replaced by nutmeg, way back in June/July 2017.  In fact, in the original version there were 24 notes and that has now been replaced by only 12.  This has to be a cost-cutting exercise.  Why else would they do it?

This may explain why recent reviewers hate this scent as it's been re-formulated.
negative When this first came out I bought a bottle and wore it frequently. People would stop me and ask what I was wearing - it was that different from anything else available at the time. I eventually discovered Jo Malone fragrances and stopped wearing Angel. I now have an extensive fragrance wardrobe and wear a variety of scents. Fast forward - I decided to try Angel again. I cannot stand it now. I had to scrub it off, it was so obnoxious. I know that many people love it, but I just can’t take it. 
negative The most hideous fragrance I have ever experienced in my life. Dear lord, people pay for and wear this?
negative Angel came out around the time I decided that Chanel no. 5 was the one for me, so I pretty much hated this on principle. Testing it on my skin today, it seems I was right: I really do hate it. It's incredibly loud, incredibly sweet, and there is a funk in there that sets my teeth on edge. Now, mind you, I normally like a bit of funk: Salome's cuminey underpants? Count me in! The barnyard "butt" accord in Inverno Russo? Bring it on! But this I can't handle at all. It's like the smell of a wet, dirty dishrag that you pick up after it's been festering in the sun all day; a slightly rotting, sour smell that clings to your hands long after you've flung the filthy thing far away from you. The saccharine sweetness on top has the same effect as air freshener sprayed in a public bathroom; it only seems to enhance the stench. I do get why this was groundbreaking and all, and it's certainly not boring, so it has that going for it, but I'm honestly surprised this was such a commercial hit. I find it very unpleasant.
negative Each time I try Angel it brings vivid flashback of my youth wandering around the Victoria Secret store trying out the new VS perfumes of the 90's, the sweet, uber cloying candy-store scents that went by names such as 'Love Spell' or 'Dream Angels' or even early Bath and Body Works super syrupy scents.  To my then 20-something nose and lifestyle, yes, I wanted to smell like a candy factory.  

However, when I wear this and my kids come running thinking I've just opened a bag of Haribo and ask where I've hid the sweets in the house....I have no desire to smell like bags of Haribo candy. 
negative Angel opens sweet and earthy. After about 20 seconds a saltiness develops (almost salty sweaty skin, but a bit "cleaned-up")....and additionally becomes a little bit vegetal (carrot seed essential oil?). About 5 minutes in a bit of slightly sweet mint (spearmint?) and cocoa (bitter, not sweet) start to overtake the carrot seed. The "cleaned-up' salty sweaty skin is still pretty predominant. After about 20 minutes there's a little bit of vanilla bean and there is a very soft powder floral undercurrent about 1-2 hours after that. Angel stays with this very complex compilation through the rest of it's wear.

This was tested on dry skin in a warm, dry climate (in doors). Sillage is moderately strong at about 4-6 feet for the first two hours and then moderate to soft after that. Lasting power is about 6 - 8 hours.

This is an interesting amalgamation of notes. On me, it mostly smells "confused". Does it want to be a gourmand? intimately personal? challenging? perhaps a touch brash? It's all those things and I wasn't really enjoying that journey. However, I will say, I do appreciate it's complexity and uniqueness.
negative Angel is less shocking in the opening than Angel Men, but whereas Angel Men has some redemption in the base, Angel gets much worse as it develops, a cloying scrubber, and hard to wash off.
negative Angel smells exactly like Morning After Armpits. You know that semi-sweet, semi-sour, semi-BO smell... when your deodorant has all but given up. It's still trying to hang on for dear life, & quell that funky BO that's trying so hard to make it's presence known, but it doesn't quite make it. So you're left with that hot, used up, dirty pit smell.
Angel says "I could really use a shower!"

I've tried wearing this a couple of times & it just smells like dirty BO.

Rub your wrists on your hot, steamy, morning after armpits - you'll get the exact same results & it won't cost you anything.

neutral I so, so wanted to give this a Thumbs up since I have worn Angel since 1994.  Countless bottles purchased and used.  I have been known for this scent for decades.  Total signature scent.  1-2 sprays and I would be set all day.  Compliments at work, the grocery store, the car wash, social events. For the past few years, Angel is no longer strong, it does not last, project and I cannot remember the last time I got a compliment.  The IFRA reformulation literally killed the magic of Angel.  
neutral I was very excited about this perfume thought this  was very different.  The problem is it didn't smell good on me.  I loved it on everyone else and was disappointed when on me it was too smoky and strong.  I settled for the tamer Angel Innocent and loved it. 
positive Back in 1992, when everyone the world began wearing Angel, you couldn't have paid me to go near this gimmicky bottle.  I wore classics like YSL Paris or masculines like Annick Goutal Vetiver.  That was how I rolled.

I seem to recall Angel's peak years around the turn of the millennium.  I was wearing Bulgari Black then, or sometimes Fracas.  I still avoided the ubiquitous star bottle.  I wouldn't even sniff it.

A few years later, I'm wearing Creed Indiana and Tocca's Bianca.  Angel was right out then, too.

Life is different now and I'm mich more open minded.  My only concern when I sprayed it on for the very first time today was how Angel would wear on my skin.  And I'm happy to report that I think it works.  I get almost  no screech on my skin (thank God), but I do get a nice, slightly browned sugar cookie top note layered over warm cocoa and a fruity incense/patchouli base.  Taken together, Angel smells 
positive One of my everlasting favorite since 1992. A gourmand that is a party animal and a comforting heaven of caramel, cocoa and patchuli.. A masterpiece, especially, when i think of it as such a mainstream fragrance!
positive Salutation.

Absolutely Awesome.When I think About the Word Perfume,I think About ANGEL Immediately. A UNFAILING Perfume. ANGEL is all about Maturity. Heady in a SPECIAL way.It Evokes a lot of Sweet memories for Dignified Ladies. Heavy, Sweet,Bold,Worldy,Provocative,Hot, Creamy,Complex and Classy.

It is not for a Hasty person because The opening notes is Harsh and Excessively Strong as It is a Shock to those used to wearing Light Fragrances but Please Wait Because Minute by Minute Creates a Glorious and Romantic scent.Totally If you are Lucky,it will dry down to a Lovely Creamy on your skin. 

It hits you in a Numbing Wave and makes you feel Luxurious.The base notes is the best of it for me.This EVENING scents for a queen in SPECIAL occasions. Surely for WINTER . In my opinion It represents the Essence of Feminine Class.

Sillage?Attractive.

Longevity?The best part ANGEL for me as It is Legendary on my skin.

7.75/10 
positive 	Ambivalence is a rarity in perspectives about Angel. It is one of the infamous “love it or hate it” fragrances which excite me for their novelty alone. Examining people’s facial movements when they first smell Angel is as exciting as watching the reaction videos of people seeing “2 girls 1 cup”. The vulgarity of the two is essentially equal. The result of these two experiences can provoke repulsion and/or fascination. Perhaps this comparison is extreme but, when it comes to mainstream fragrance, Angel is about as scandalous as it gets. As it turns out, I am particularly fond of the uncanny as it appears in this context.
	Regardless, Angel’s distinctive odor drives me mad. My first experience after unleashing this monster from its striking bottle ended in complete admiration. It was intoxicating, decadent, and truly addictive. The dissonance of its components allows for a multi-faceted complexity that incites conversation. There is a battle between fruit, honey, chocolate, vanilla, ethyl maltol, screeching brightness, and a deep, earthy patchouli. There are even certain times when the first few moments of its application give me the perception of urine and dirt with some simple syrup poured on. I love Angel all the more for this reason. The individual notes are pleasant by themselves, but cooperate to form a Frankenstein which has that sort of “ugly pretty” quality that is valued in haute couture fashion these days.
	Angel is the car wreck that you can’t look away from, the tightrope walk you tense up over, and the trashy reality T.V. show you can’t stop watching. I cannot wear this fragrance without offending someone-- but they're going to have to deal with it.
positive Surprised to get a blast of Christmas at first, like sparkling wintry night. This one gave me some very strange impressions, because after an hour or so, fair/carnival food came to mind. Later I'm visualizing a classroom (art supplies?), though that's admittedly baffling. 

After a few hours it got musky on me, and I like it. I really like it. I've been enjoying it all day. Would work very well as unisex, as I'm not getting a particularly feminine vibe.

positive This gorgeous sexy gourmand scent is not for everone, as is evident from reviews here and everywhere. The first time I tried it, it felt like a slap in the face, offensive and rude - like no other perfume I had ever tried or wished to try (and apparently the first one ever made completely without flowery notes). Several years later I can't get enough. I am not much of a gourmand when it comes to perfume, but the ambery, musky patchouli drydown is what does it for me. It goes on and on forever, like a kid's dream of a day at the tivoli. 
positive Heck, let me confess. I have loved this (and Angel A*Men) for awhile. They smell yummy, but not cloyingly yummy to me.  Do Not put too much on, however, even the EDT. If you get into an elevator, either people take a step in the other direction, or they fawn all over me.  It is actually pretty funny. 
To each his own.

The vendors make some very nice Angel-like scents, in sprays and in roller balls, Saves tons of money!!
positive I'm a guy, and I sport the hell out`a some Angel EdP, but then again, I'm a hard core Patchouli lover. This juice is insanely intoxicating! I firmly believe that you have to lean on the cusp of enjoying Patchouli to really appreciate Angel because that's a polarizing note in itself, let alone the gorgeous hot mess going about in Angel which is centered around Patchouli. Even after 22 strong years on the market, Angel has never been reformulated, so you're getting the same formula from 1992, and for a mainstream fragrance, it is kinda pricey, but very high quality... niche quality. The opening and heart are beautiful, but the drydown is insanely good. When applied properly, Angel is mindblowing. There should be 2 thumbs to the left over there...
positive Why there isn't a page for the EDT version? This review is for the EDT.

I bought it blindly after fallen into the A*Men series spell, and I must admitt it does smell like a flanker of the original male scent. It is sweet but I cannot say the source, it is not candy floss for one thing. I smell mostly citrus and patchoulli, a bit of pepper, a bit of vanilla. there is a fruit accord but for me it is very blured, it could be red berries. I don't get the woody note perhaps because I don't keep the EDT that long for real base notes, but I get the clean, musk feeling during the whole life of Angel EDT on my skin, about 4 to 5 hours, before I have a shower, I live in a hot country and in a small enought town for me to go home for lunch, I am a lucky/happy man. also, I don't get praline or chocolate, but a very bitter cocoa powder that geves A a very masculine edge, just like it does in L'Instant de Guerlain. In fact, having in my mind A*Men and Pure Malt all the time it is hard to realize it is in fact a woman's scent. One male scent much sweeter that this is Lalique Lion pour Homme, which is almost sufoccating vanilla for me. So, what makes it a feminine fragrance? There's no flower. No powderness. Angel EDT could be just as well A*Men Pure Citron Limited Edition. Not bad, not bad at all. Can't see why this shouldn't be a safe blind buy.
positive When I first smelled Angel, I was appalled - how disgusting I thought. It kept drawing me back and smelling it and lo and behold I love it  now. I know this is a common experience with people new to Angel. When I wore it, it was definitely strong at first (Don't need alot) but then it dried down beautifully and I can smell it on me all day. Not overwhelmingly, just something I kept wanting to smell. I don't understand why people have that first reaction to it as I did, but boy am I glad I gave it a chance. I hate anything with floral notes (they remind me of a funeral home) so maybe that's why I really like it. Please give it a chance. You may turn out like me!
positive Men seem to love this fragrance while women I encounter have been known to tear-up and sneeze.
On first opening this has a candy meets flower accord.
I smell my grandma's bourbon chocolate candy and divinity competing with a lot of patchouli. Then it simmers down to pleasant vanilla competing with patchouli. Then the patchouli wins. The dry down smells amazingly of soft iris to me. The lotion is to my taste, the perfume being way too strong.
positive 5 stars for being one of the most unapologetic and "out-there" scents ever. Angel pretty much defined the fruit-chouli, gourmand genres back in the day. While I'll always consider Chopard Casmir the original early-90s "gourmand" powerhouse, Angel is far more disctinctive, albeit harder to understand.
I'd hazard to say there's nothing very balanced about the scent at all. It's a very focused sensorial overload of stewed plums, cotton-candy, chocolate-covered caramels, and that sharp green smell of wet, fresh-cut grass. No flowers, no woods, no musk to dilute it whatsoever. Those who love it can't get enough if it, and for those who don't, Angel is an olfactorial assault.
This scent to me is like a friend who bleaches her hair a little too blonde, wears a little too much bronzer, talks a little too loud, and likes her clothes a little too tight. Many times she's a bit too much, but then she has such a lovely heart that I wouldn't ever want to change a thing.

One bonus? Mugler hasn't yet gone the route of some other companies and jumped on the reformulation bandwagon. What I smell today is what I smelt that first time 10 years ago.
positive I did not "get" Angel at first sniff and I had to give it many wearings.  What a fragrance!  Certainly unique and mature, and far from the candy/fruity scents now so popular. 

I admit that it is not for everyone. 

This patchouli gourmand is powerful and there is nothing young and flirty about it.  It can easily be worn as a unisex with its chocolate patchouli with caramel and vanilla.

For those turned off to Angel, I recommend giving this one time and several wearings before writing it off.
positive When applied appropriately (Max. 4-5 sprays) and after about half an hour it smells like being in heaven in the middle of winter!
I just can't stop sniffing my wife! and it fills all the car sitting together, no matter which scent I've worn or how much I've applied!
Great sillage & longevity, mature & sexy!
To me almost no other scent even close to it, UNIQUE!
Big Big Big thumbs up!
positive I first owned this perfume over 15 years ago. it was quite an experience for me then. I'm not really a  Gourmand type, and had never worn anything like it,  it shocked me the first time I encountered, it continued to shock me each time I wore it. In fact I  don't really know why I wore it, I just sometimes felt I  really needed it, like a decadent *fix* of a calorie laden   Belgian Chocolate gateau.

As I began to smell it on every other woman  in the street/restaurant/shop, I placed it in the back of the drawer, gave it away finally.  Last month as I was walking through the perfume dept I saw it sitting there and, the old addiction rose up, I needed  my *fix*.

Ive matured since then, just because I own a perfume, doesn't mean it needs to come with me everywhere I go, Angel is my private comfort food  scent. I now like to  indulge in it's heady, warm, mouth watering sensuous Chocolate vanilla blanket  in the evening, so it has dried down to its heavenly almost nursery caramel treat stage by bedtime.

I love Angel now it is no longer a challenge to me and I know what to do with it, some scents are just too delicious  and personal to share.

negative If there were an intelligent species of alien who viewed us as mindless vermin, much as we view cockroaches, then the poisoned bait they'd strew across the planet in a desperate attempt to exterminate us would doubtless smell very much like Angel.

---

I don't much care for it when people talk about being nauseated by fragrances (unless they really do mean that it causes a literal physical reaction in them, like a migraine or an allergic response). Saying that something smells so bad that it makes you sick...it just seems a little tactless to me, you know? I mean, you're basically telling people who like and wear the fragrance that you think they smell gross. It's just not very polite.

So please understand that when I say that Angel turns my stomach, I am not using that phrase as a shorthand for claiming that I think it smells bad (or that you smell bad while wearing it). On the contrary, Angel smells...well, it smells both good *and* bad to me, both tasty and inedible, and that's the combination that causes all the trouble. It's that particular combination of edible/poisonous that triggers nausea in me, as if it causes some primal part of my lizard brain to wake up and start screaming in alarm. It's a combination that doesn't register so much as offensive or "icky" to me as it does as actively *dangerous,* because that combination of "Yummy...oh, no, but wait--" is the sign of food gone bad, a warning of incipient food poisoning. Or even worse, perhaps it's the smell of deliberate *bait.* It's the evil witch's gingerbread house, the sweetness down the gullet of the Venus Flytrap, the urban legend's Halloween apples with razor blades hidden inside of them. It's an Admiral Akhbar sort of thing: one whiff, and every nerve in my body starts screaming "No, don't go near it! It's a TRAAAAAAP!" It's tainted candy, poisoned honey, chocolate laced with arsenic. If there's amber here, then we are the flies.

Angel is to me what I imagine a delicious-looking wriggling worm with a barbed hook sticking through it might be to a sapient fish. Uhhh, yeah. You guys can have that one all to yourselves, thanks. I...I really wasn't hungry anyway.
negative Got a sample vial for reasons of sick curiosity.  

Roughly the same experience as when a cat gorges itself on cupcakes and Cadbury Caramello then horks it all up on your pillow.
negative Migraine in a star-shaped bottle.

What on earth is that?

I cannot distinguish the notes. They seem squished together like sardines and I'm pretty sure they are angry with me.

Why did the bottle need to look like something reminiscent of decor belonging to Studio 54? Am I missing something? Is there a reference I'm supposed to be getting? 

Ouch. The migraine is real.

Fail.
negative I really cannot bring myself to like--or even tolerate--this perfume.  I will never forget the first time I smelled it--I was with a very attractive, well to do woman (a client of mine) and after a long meeting we all went on to dinner and while we were getting ready to go, she put on lipstick, brushed her hair and sprayed on some perfume.  All charming, feminine gestures, except.....  When she sprayed on Angel, everyone around the table did a double take--shock, horror, wrinkled noses, watering eyes, the whole lot.  I SERIOUSLY thought that she had put on Raid insect killer by mistake--the smell was identical. It makes sense that I would not like it as I do not care for gourmand scents and do not like/am allergic to chocolate.  But Raid?  Really?  Does anyone like that smell?  The kicker is that after the dinner, we both flew home together on a very small plane and even in the drydown--which is better--all I could think of is pest control.  In all fairness, I did once buy this for a secretary I had as a parting gift--she never wore it in the office, thank God, but had mentioned always wanting a bottle and as she was moving to another town, I thought, why not?  I also thought, why? 
negative Definitely a gourmand. Some clashing, fruity top notes can be detected up close but are buried within seconds under a load of artificially flavoured diet caramel custard. Nothing subtle or even chocolatey about this caramel & vanilla scent.
negative I got sprayed with this by a sales associate who swore this was the closest thing to smelling what angels wore when they have an appointment with THE BOSS.
Silly, gullible, me. I discovered that stupid mistakes can be made even in the "safest" places.

This fragrance is not cheap, simple, or unintelligent. And I could detect some wonderful things in there. I absolutely adore patchouli (right after the fleeting camphor is gone). And I also love resinous smells. There's also something earthy in there. You may think I'm strange, but I also love earthy smells. And those are very prominent in Angel's formulation.

The problem was that I had to overcome my revulsion for what covered the good stuff: a monstrous rotten-sweet breath from hell. Along with that, superlative perversion: there seemed to be some flowers in there - rotting in hell. This perfume is certainly an angel, a fallen angel. I believe you call that a demon. Unfortunately, no church on earth has ever appointed an exorcist that specializes in perfumes.

Have you ever noticed that some of the most horrifying smells in the world are actually very sweet? Super ripe trash can with syrup? Well they managed to bottle just that in there. It seemed tailored to repel, then attract, then repel... until I ran away, confused and quite scared. I had NEVER (until I met Kouros) smelled something so vile coming from a perfume (!?) bottle.

Why scared? I wondered if my mind was REALLY playing nasty tricks on me. It was not. I was forced to fully "enjoy" it because it lasted the whole day on my arm. I did try to wash it out, but it had already adhered to my shirt sleeve. AND there was no soap in the public restroom that I visited. Mere water, along with some desperate rubbing, did not work at all. It did make the "Angel" extend its awesome power to my right hand. Touched, and marked, by EVIL.

Actually, I have used and enjoyed those cheap fragrance oil knockoffs that are available in shopping malls, Indian stores, and street corners. They contain most of the good stuff that Angel hides under its demonic (but not nicely sulphuric) stench. Whoever makes those, can certainly recognize a bad thing when they smell it.

negative  I was so intrigued upon hearing about this scent.  With a name like Angel, I envisioned a heavenly, spiritual scent, and it is anything but!  This scent is strong and overpowering and muddled, so much so I had a hard time distinguishing any real notes.  The best way I can describe it is like an artist coloring with every color in his pallet until it becomes muddy with no distinct color. " Angel like" it is not.  When a perfume leaves you feeling choked up and queasy it is definitely not for you.
 With that said I realize my taste in perfume is much different than a lot of people and I can see how this scent could appeal to others...Thierry Mugler thinks way outside the perfumers box and I appreciate that, it's refreshing but for me his scents are so far out there, they are unreachable to me and my tastes.  I love his ingenuity though, I think it's revolutionary.
 I can tolerate Alien and Womanity, but again, too much for me. My daughter took my Alien and loved it at first but had to roll the window down later just to breathe out of its aura.
 In summation, these are very adult pungent scents that command attention, albeit the right attention is for you to decide.
negative I agree with the previous post...Angel is unforgettable in a BAD way!  It is overpowering, aggressive, in your face foul and I have yet to smell anything worse...well, there is still Shalimar but that's not the point. Angel smells like a dirty, trashy woman to me, no offense to those who like it, it smells like an unshowered woman that sprayed perfume on to kill the funk rather than bathe! It is sweet, rancid and just nasty smelling.  I have not and will not try it on, I am afraid; and every woman I smell wearing it offends my sense of smell.

I do not like Angel!
negative I thought I was ready to experience this classic. Gourmand orientals are probably my favorite genre and I'm really into fragrances with character and depth. That said, this is the first fragrance I've tried that made me want to scrub it off my wrist immediately. I fought the impulse and tried to give it some time but I couldn't go longer than 20 minutes. 

My first impression was vile. Angel is so sweet it smells dirty. It made me feel sticky and in need of a shower. It smelled like I had my face against a dirty wooden floor after a 4 year old birthday party, in which the raspberry popsicles and vanilla ice cream were a hit, got out of hand and ended in a mess of sticky-faced, noise-picking, obnoxious children. Also brought this imagery of a landfill for popsicle sticks. 

It shrieks. I tried to ignore it while browsing the rest of the store, hoping that it would simmer down and reward my patience with something pleasant smelling. But I felt like I was being followed by a banshee. 

I do have to give Angel credit for being so salient and uncanny. It evokes memories of my past nightmares. The scent is permanently branded into my memory as a synesthetic image. The main notes I could detect were raspberry, an overdose of patchouli, and a smidge of vanilla. All scents that should be agreeable, but somehow the combination is raunchy and undeniably unforgettable. 
negative When I tried this, all I got was chocolate-caramel sticky sweet sickening cake batter with a whalloping double dose of vanilla.  Makes me think of eating Nestle's Quick out of the can as a child.     

neutral I had to try this divisive scent and the moment it hit me - I recalled it. It was a scent that was popular when I was child. It was everywhere. It was inescapable. 

On me, it was a lovely warm cocoa scent...with vague hints of camphor. Once that harshness wore off, it was pleasant enough. Cocoa sweetness. The divisiveness of this scent however discourages me from ever wearing it public. Read some of the negative reviews here. Good for a laugh but also makes one wary. 
neutral For me this was a full powered in your face scent. Having heard so many Thierry Mugler Angel converts talk about this incredible fragrance I had to try it. Purchasing a bottle I found I was so disappointed, I love Amber, Patchouli and scents with jasmine and rose but this just didn't translate. 

At first it's full on cotton candy with a hint of musky cocoa. The musk gives it a grown up edge but the cotton candy notes dampened down the adult aspect of this fragrance and I personally was left feeling like mutton dressed as lamb. 

It lasted all day, even after bathing which resulted in a serious migraine. I didn't give up, I wanted this to work so badly so gave it a few more goes finally deciding that it was a no-go for me.
neutral Hate then LoveThe 1st spray is like spraying insect repellent! If you don't make it past 30 minutes of wear, you will always say that you hate this perfume and that if not anything else...it will keep the mosquitos away. BUT if you are able to pass the 30 minute mark it changes to a warm vanilla. The strong patchouli that you smelled at first dies down tremendously.Pros: UnisexCons: 1st 30minutes"
neutral OK, so here's the legendary Angel.  For all the drama and notoriety, it's not nearly as sickly sweet as I had imagined it would be.

So what does it smell like?  Well, its that synergy that happens when patchouli and vanilla mix and it smells like burnt caramel.  It's got lavender and some sort of aromatic green menthol-ish herb on top for brightness.  It's also got a milky note, so it kind of smells like dulce de leche, the caramel you get from heating a can of evaporated condensed milk.  There's also an animalic undertone, a sort of vaguely poopy sweaty smell like a very dirty child (which was especially unnerving when mixed with the milk smell), as well as some sort of fruits and chocolate.  But it all came together to smell like a multi-layered caramel smell with lots of bright non-gourmand aromatics and a thin layer of gross underneath.

Time has proven that you can add almost anything to this Angel formula and get gold.  From A*Men and its flankers to the hundreds of gourmands influenced by Angel, this really has launched a revolution.  And that's my main issue with Angel - After smelling it with smoke and coffee and malt and woods and cotton candy and licorice and leather and everything else that's been thrown at it, Angel seems a little less compelling than its spawn.  The only thing that Angel brings to the table that's missing from its descendants is that gross animalic milk smell, which was the part I didn't like.  Aside from its general loudness, I have no technical issues with Angel, but I'd personally much rather wear A*Men or New Haarlem, which take the Angel structure in directions I like better.
neutral I love Angel on a scent strip.  It's positively sexy and juicy and mouthwatering. But on my skin, it's ONLY patchouli. I got this as a gift in the late '90s and wore it until I ran out. Maybe I'll try it again.
positive ANGEL –  Mugler – 1992     [fruity, vanilla, powdery]

This one I am going out on a limb for – people either love it or hate it.  It begins with a strong mix of strawberry, dewberry and chocolate/caramel, which quickly dries down to a fruity, powdery vanilla that is extremely captivating.  The dry down can be reminiscent of Earl Grey Tea. This is a heart melter for both sexes, as it works on some of our most primary food scent attractions.  

I advise you to try a sample first and give it a chance over many applications – in other words, don’t decide right off whether you like it or not – give it time to win you over.

Totally unique scent combination that prompted many imitators – but the original is the best of the lot.

Top Notes: Strawberry, Dewberry, Helonial, Honey, Bergamot, Jasmine, Orchid, Rose
Middle Notes: Chocolate, Caramel, Coumarin
Base Notes: Vanilla, Patchouli, Sandalwood, Musk

positive Smells creamy and sweet, definitely a delicious scent. I'm a guy and I wear this. It smells that awesome. I think this should be a unisex fragrance in my opinion but for that to be so, there has to be that certain man who would be able to pull this off.

Overall rating 8.7/10.
positive I have an amusing relationship with this fragrance.  A guy I was seeing briefly insisted I try it. I meekly agreed despite not finding anything to recommend it.  I was very unimpressed when first sprayed and the day went by without incident.  Only two days later...I couldn't get it out of my mind and needed, wanted, craved it.  

Since then, every person who comes near me for any time at all can't help but comment on how the smell suits me...some even mention it more than once - weird?  I've had guys who otherwise have no interest in perfumes actually ask me the name of what I'm wearing.  I haven't worn another scent that elicits that sort of reaction.  Ever.  
positive susieq813 is right: sample it before  you buy it, and since you're at it, grab a spoon, because you're in for an edible trip. 

Angel is the typical fragrance that raises the question: is she wearing the perfume or the perfume wearing her?

Other than patchouli, the list of notes is long enough for anyone to smell something different all the time.
positive ((Wow...  I just saw that Angel has been around for almost 20 years.  I had no idea!))

So, 10 years ago, I got my very first whiff of Angel.  I was babysitting, and the mother of the kids had a bottle in the bathroom.  It was in love at first smell.   In high school, I loved patchouli, and I think of Angel as an "adult version" of patchouli!  While working at a perfume kiosk a few years later, I would steal sprays of the sample non-stop! 

Angel IS on the pricey-side, compared to some perfumes out there.  But, I got the star that you can refill... which is a brilliant idea!  It's also a perfume you need to try before you buy.  It is very strong, and at first it may knock you off your feet.  But give it a chance.  Most people love it.  I get compliments on it HOURS after I put it on.  So, it's definitely long-lasting.  Give it a try!
positive There are certain accords in fragrances, similar to a specific chord change in music,  which knock you off your feet. I won't bore everyone by listing some though. There is a moment in Angel which sent shivers down my spine. This is when, about 5 minutes in, the blackcurrant/peach note emerges from the fog of chocolate and patchouli -- it is truly exquisite. For one instance, I was thinking I could pull this off, but the rather long and powerful drydown is too feminine for me. This was the EDP and it is very potent. That burgeoning accord, while it lasted, deserves a thumbs up on its own.
positive I AM ABSOLUTELY CRAZY ABOUT THIS STUFF. Since I'm out of Shalimar right now, it's my favorite scent I own. 

Yes, Angel tends to be  a love-it-or-hate-it topic; that's because the fragrance is so very original.  Olivier Cresp (TM's perfumer, who built Angel) clearly has a yard of guts, and so do the folks chez Thierry Mugler; I'm told Angel just didn't sell for the first two years, but they kept making it and let it find its audience.  

And, boy, does this fragrance "work" on me!  I love fragrances with strong and unexpected contrasts between the top and bottom notes, and some light and space in the middle; Mark's White Vetiver does this rather badly and Fergie's Outspoken Intense does it pretty well, but Angel is the mack momma of this style.  All that bright soft  sweetness up top and then that BIG patchouli note underneath. . .I'm just gone on the stuff.  I'll wear the men's version when I can get a dab of it, too, though I haven't worn it enough to talk about it intelligently.
positive YUM!!! Luckily Angel now works with me, it didn't always, I used to HATE Angel with a red hot passion! I think the reason I hated Angel previously was not only because of the mega dose of patchouli that assaulted my nose upon first spray but also because I was putting one spray on each wrist and that was just too much!! I attempted Angel again while studying up on Innocent (which I like a lot), I kept going back to reviews of Angel and was intrigued by how blank and white the reviews seemed, people either loved or hated Angel with very little so-so in between. I dug out my sample and squirted it on a q-tip then lightly dabbed it on my wrists, I did still get the strong patchouli but it was much milder and the dry down was to die for, on me it's a blend of deep dark chocolate, a touch of vanilla and patchouli. I've now graduated to one spray on my wrist then lightly rubbed on the other wrist and lo and behold I actually LOVE the patchouli now!! My husband loves it too! I think Angel really comes down to personal chemistry, it smells wonderful on some and horrible on some, I also think it is frequently over applied and that's why it has such a bad reputation, if the over sprayers would lighten up you'd probably get more compliments and less scowls. 
positive Well, I have waited a good long time before sampling Angel.  The fact that it has all that patchouli in it has always scared me off.  I have never liked a lot of patchouli in a fragrance.  All that said, I finally took the plunge and tried my first Thierry Mugler scent!
The first whiff was all sweet, sweet fruit and linament! "Oh, boy"  I thought,"here we go."  Now, I know better than to judge a perfume by its' top notes alone.   So I waited patiently for the dry down and what do you know?  Such a pleasent surprise!
Every note seems to meld together in the dry down into a lovely, edible (and not to terribly sweet) accord!
No wonder this scent has always been touted as a ground-breaker!  Well done, Thierry Mugler!
positive This is my mother's new signature scent. I've given it her for her birthday together with my sister (it's really expensive!).
I liked it very much on her but when I tried it on a little, it didn't smell good. Very nauseating on my side.

Then, after a few days my sister and I went a little grumpy saying: "Have you sprayed your scent on?" when she just sprayed it on.
It's very heavy on the beginning and after a few days, a little annoying in the beginning.
But after a few minutes it gets back to great.

The biggest downturns on this fragrance are that it's so damn expensive and that the star-shaped bottle can't be put standing upright.
positive I like this its very masculine and feminine equally so it should be Unisex because Im a man and I wear it all the time and its more masculine than some of my other colognes lolz but its great it smells like a chocolate candy shop with a hint of berrries and plums and some patchouli and little bit of honey. If anyone like gourmand scents this for U but becareful this thing projects like a titanic so watch how much u spray on U or U will suffocate but im very happy to own this fragrance!
positive I have a hard time understanding why Angel is a love-it or hate-it scent, because I can't imagine anyone not loving it.

This is a fragrance for women who aren't afraid to flaunt their femininity, and don't care whether you like it or not.  Angel is raging feminine sexuality, grabbing you by your hair and pulling you in.  I get weak at the knees any time the smell of Angel is nearby.  

If you're going to wear Angel, at least do it right.  In other words, don't wear this discreetly.  Angel is strong and it's loud, and it should be worn that way.  Spray it in your hair for maximum sillage and allure.

This isn't a perfume.  It's a potion.

MY RATING:  10/10
positive Angel was one of the most  groundbreaking and influential releases in the early 90's mass market perfumery. A magistrally creafted and very rich fruity gourmandic frangrance that became huge all over the world. Chocolate, coconut and candies with melon and mandarin on top and floral hints throughout. An unique combination of notes to create a deep, sweet and very distinctive scent awarded in the FIFI hall of fame in 1997.

Fortunately / unfortunately (depending on the point of view), Angel had an incredible commercial feedback so that in a certain period almost everybody used to wear it. In the mid 90's any bar, club, restaurant, disco or public space was filled by the loud smell of Angel as any girl /woman used it in huge amounts, so it fastly turned to be irritant and nauseating.

Now, after almost two decades, time has done its part and it seems that many persons forgot about this fragrance so that Angel can be wore again, but please ladies...be careful with dosage.

A landmark in perfumery and a mandatory try.
positive This was an impulsive buy. I don't really like it on myself as I think it is too loud and I have to say I like loud perfumes. Cristobal by Cristobal Balenciaga has a very similar heart and base, but possibly more  elegant and with a wonderful sillage. 
positive Just slightly gourmand, we could say. This infamous fragrance is, in its aroused angular feel high in the air, the olfactory "metallic" equivalent of a sugared almond flavoured by anise and chocolate, overall with a mentholated aromatic backtaste. It's indeed sweet, floral, metallurgical and aromatic in an icy-mentholated way. Angel is not properly mysterious but classic/chic, icy/romantic, fairy, starry and paradoxically vintage/glamour with its bombastic rooty-icy-candied patchouli. It's in tone with a frosty metropolitan night out, while the wearer is commuting from a club to an other one. The citrus, the aromatic icy "water", the flowers and some herbal elements are prominent at the beginning but express their own power throughout the development. Angel in short enters just one foot inside the gourmand territories and the chocolate-caramel accord is toned down in comparison with the denser A*Man. What is undeniable is that this futuristic scent is weirdly "glamour/retro" with its cool-warm, smooth-metallic splinters of stary patchouli-vanilla. Angel is a plutonic blend of creams and alluminium, a brash mix of choccolate, harsh citrus, fruits, flowers, vanilla, caramel, honey and earthy patchouli watered and aromatized in a synthetic and mentholated-balsamic way by the link between lavender-helonial-coumarin. The blend is surrounded by many further complementary elements. Angel is a mix of contrasts and over this state of things it roots its modern strength. The beginning is industrially hesperidic in an almost off-putting sugary way. It's like a clanking rattle of  iron scrap. In a second phase the elements start to intersects mutually in the right way disclosing a silkier milky-soapy-aromatic side with an iceberg floating inside. Angel is proudly synthetical with a bombastic projection and a not less emphatic longevity. A winner on the market and among the young ladies as well as Hypnotic Poison but far in a far better way for sure.
positive This is the one perfume I keep coming back to...in the past I have always found a new scent to wear, about once a year or so. Angel is the only one I've ever purchased twice. It's my go-to signature scent, the one that comforts me and makes me feel sexy and confident.

That being said, I won't get into HOW it smells, as there are so many reviews about that. I will, however, point out a few things I've noticed that make this scent even more unique. 

Angel smells completely different on paper/clothing than on skin...if you don't like it on your skin due to the smoky camphor note you get the first few minutes, try it on your clothing instead. 

Also, I know some will say not to rub your wrists after applying, but I always do with this particular scent...reason being, I find the smoky burnt candy notes go away rather quickly after this and the heart notes kick in faster. I'll admit that the heart & base notes are definitely the highlight of this fragrance, at least for me. 

Lastly, this is the only scent I've ever worn that changes so much as my body temperature rises. The honey/melon/peach notes are at their peak when I am very warm...and men seem to really love this fragrance! 


Dec
15
2008 

positive I was scared even to try this one. But month ago I've find out that my beloved Angel le lys is discontinued (whole Garden of star collection:( ), so I've decided to give a chance to her older sister (mother?). I've expected a sweet bomb - chocolate, vanilla, candies, sugar, honey, fruits... And I got patchouli. Nice one, polite, a bit sweeter than in Eden for example but not sweet. Not loud, not cloying, just well behaved patchouli with some strange spices. And I love it:) I still prefer Angel le lys but Angel itself is pleasant surprise. And nothing to be scared of (on me).
positive Man. Candy.

I'm reviewing this from reverse: I haven't worn it, but I've smelled it on many.  And oh my goodness do I ever love it.  My girlfriend (a Basenoter who shall remain nameless) says I'm a poser for even admitting I like this, but I can't deny my true self.  The truth will out.  I love this stuff.

Quite literally, four of the last five times I've asked a woman "OMG, what is that you're wearing?" she's said Angel.  While that certainly suggests something about my taste, it also suggests something about my total inability to recall utterly commen scents but we won't belabor that point further here.  Moving right along.  I love this stuff.  I dream of its candylike beckoning.  I want more.  
positive Chocolate, chocolate, chocolate, yada, yada, yada. I'm not eating a candy bar here. My first encounter with this was after significant dry-down. A delicious, complex variation on patchouli, which I am just a sucker for. Just got some for my wife - we'll see how that works out. So far, just tried some on myself. Early on, I pick up a somewhat annoying sour note. This disappears and improves over a little bit of time. Not quite at the patchouli point yet, but very pleasing. Quite impressive.
positive Pervasive instability of mood, impulsive aggressiveness, a frantic drive not to be alone, serial crises.  Yes, Angel, it’s borderline personality disorder.

negative Oh Angel, how I wanted to love you...but you hate me....

I have tried this fragrance twice on the strength of the positive recommendations from this (and other) forum(s) and twice I've had an absolutely horrific experience. The first time I tried Angel (in a major department store) it smelled so bad the sales girl literally towed me to a make up removal station and tried to scrub it from my arm. My four year old son made the "yuck" face and refused to stand on that side of my body.

Why go back the second time? I thought, "this can't be right...everybody says Angel is divine...maybe that first bottle had turned." Oh no. I am convinced Angel HATES my body chemistry. The second time smelled exactly the same but this time the sales person at the perfume counter tried to tell me it was lovely as she(unsuccessfully) tried not to make the "yuck" face herself. (Side note: Don't lie to us salespeople...we CAN smell ourselves.)

So what did Angel smell like on me? No disrespect intended to those of you who wear Angel, but on me it smelled like rancid fruit. I also got a note of something that smelled like rotting meat. On others- chocolate, on me- rotting things. Another cautionary tale about the importance of body chemistry. So a one overall but a five for longevity. Why? Because it smelled revolting for about 15 hours even after all attempts to remove it/cover it up with something else/shower.

On a side note...none of the Mugler fragrances smell as they are "supposed" to on me and I am now really curious about it. Angel and Alien really smell repulsive on me but lovely on others. Womanity smells good but not the way it was intended. Anybody have ideas about why these Mugler fragrances would behave this way on me when no others do?
negative Oh wow...this was a fragrance I didn't want to last on my skin! I couldn't believe it. So, many love it. It sounds like a fragrance I would love. But, on me, everything meshed together into one big bad sweet smell of ick.
negative When I first smelled this I liked it. But, when I sampled it there was something there, just beyond the sweetness that reminded me of a sweating hot dog vendor in mid-summer.  Tried it three times and couldn't get past that smell. 
negative I am sure that all the devils in hell wear Angel, Samsara, Youth Dew and all the other loud and cheap fragrances.  Angel is so disgustingly sweet and strong it gives me a headache and makes me feel sick to my stomach whenever I am too close to a woman who is wearing it.  I just can't understand how such an awful stench could become so popular.  Why on earth would anyone want to smell like a dessert cart on steroids?
negative I definitely need to try this one on again as so far my experience of this is more akin to Angel of Death than something heavenly. I remember sniffing it in Liberty's in London one winter in the 90s - and absolutely loving it. Then everyone started wearing it. In high quantities, in crowded tubes in summer and smoke filled clubs with poor ventilation at nightime and I hated it.

A friend wears this as her signature scent so it is tolerable (prob cos she's an angel herself) but I still can't help but feel choked whenever I try it on again in a shop and try to recapture that first sniff. 

Smells like death by candy floss in an overheated elevator to me and I would never inflict this on other people in the dog days of summer - unless I didn't like them. Chokingly sweet, overbearing, totally unsexy and impossible to wear lightly IMO. Yuck!
negative Oh dear, what can I say about Angel. I was apprehensive about getting this, especially as it was a blind buy but at the price I got it for I couldn't complain. I loved the sound of the sweet, chocolate notes, plus I thought it's reputation would speak for itself.

I'm not adverse to saccharine sweet fragrances, but I didn't find Angel toothache inducing - more HEADACHE inducing. My temples start pounding before the drydown. I know that Angel is regarded as the queen of gourmands but it doesn't make my mouth water at all - what berries, chocolate, caramel, vanilla??? Maybe a bit of chocolate, but after a while all I get is unrelenting stubborn PATCHOULI! I was expecting something a bit more "tasty", and I was disappointed.

I can actually imagine this as a car air freshener, and that's not something a woman should smell of.

Angel is a very unique fragrance, I can't deny it, but it's far too strong and sharp for me and my sensitive migraneous head.
negative Everyone can dislike or like this fragrance, but one thing is certain: Angel Is UNIQUE and different.

I fall in love with A*men (the male version) some years ago, and i never try angel until yesterday.

What can I say? Maybe many diferents notes for one scent?

The male version has many differents notes too, but in A*man the notes of Mint, Coffee, Patchouli, milk and caramel have some direction. Making A*man more Warm and Gourmand.

I think Angel fails in this aspect because is a extremely strong spicy Fragrance, there isn't a note that temper the others, so the first 15 minutes is unbearable, Who the hell can wears this?? I never could and I like spices, but this is too much!

Vanilla? this smells anything but Vanilla, i think this is more like an oriental Spicy.

There is something good about angel and I think it is the drydown, this part smells very similar to the male version, maybe now I can smell some vanilla, but this happens after four hours of been wearing this scent! It's just a pity!

I can see Coco chanel saying: Woman's need to smells like Woman, not like a strong Spicy Dark Chocolate.

neutral After first reading the notes in Angel, I wanted to love it. On the right person, it smells wonderful. But I've smelled it on people (most notable one sitting next to me on an airplane), where it was overbearing, cloying, and smelled like the person was unwashed. I must admit, though, that it doesn't smell as unpleasant to me now as it did 10 years ago. Maybe I'll give it another ten and try again.
neutral Okay I can see why people like it but...

It totally smells to me like "apples dipped in honey for Rosh Hashana" from when I used to goto Temple as a kid...

Not for me... 
neutral 
I like the smell on other people, sometimes, but PATCHOULI ALERT!
If I apply it I will scrub my skin red to get it off--it's extreme.
Somehow it smells like it is better-made than Angel Innocent, even if I can't wear Angel. I absolutely can't wear it, it took a few tries to realize I really, really don't like it.

I share the opinion that the abusers of this fragrance give perfume-wearers a bad reputation. It's downright unjust!
But those with the lightest hand simply like to have their cake and smell like it too...
It's my mother's favorite perfume, so thank goodness I don't hate it. I don't smell it frequently either, women around here prefer Coco Mlle., Light Blue, J'adore, Juicy stuff and the likes....

positive If I were a dragqueen I would wear Angel, here's why:

FAAAAABULOUS-first-sniff-impression

It's 6' 4" tall (without heels)

It's so conspiciously feminine there's no question about who's the most FAABULOUS LADY in the house

Yet, it's suspiciously masculine - as Luca Turin sharply puts it, Angel has an adam's apple (that brilliant patchouli!)

Did I mention it's FABULOUS?
positive this did not work in summer's heat for me at all. however, re-tried on a whim in the cold of winter and it turned BEAUTIFUL --and very sexy-- on me! I have officially become a HUGE Thiery Mugler fan: many of his fragrances have reacted similarly on my skin. The notes also vary greatly with "time of the month" which attest to the depth and genius of TM as an artist-advocate for all our feminine sides!
positive It's summer, and you know what that means? I'll be wearing gigantic orientals, their sillage amplified by a quarter-inch of sweat. It's considered gauche to wear loud fragrances in summer, but I completely disagree; all the big orientals- Youth-Dew, Opium, Angel- seem positively designed for this kind of sweltering provocation. A good layer of sweat really brings out their "COME HITHER, YOU BIG MAN" qualities. Speaking of Angel, I think it might have surpassed Youth-Dew as my all-time favorite perfume. I got my star refilled at Nordstrom last week for the nice price of $45 and I've been wearing it continuously for the past week. It's just such an endlessly fascinating and disturbing fragrance, and it's impossible to categorize or understand. It was released in '92, well into the onset of what Chandler Burr calls the "anorexic oceanics of the 1990s", yet it is a throbbing, room-filling fuck-off power-woman scent in the 80's OpiumPoisonGiorgio style. It straddles the line between male and female despite being intended for and worn mainly by women; an ultra-femme pink cotton candy note is strangled to death before your eyes by a virile, throaty patchouli. It is one of the most successful perfumes in history and is available at Wal-Mart but it does not in any way comply with the American imperative to smell "clean"- in fact, it smells positively raunchy, as though body odor and sweet musky shit-stained panties were layered with rotting fruit and topped off with a post-apocalyptic stripper pole. Its advertising is counter-intuitive and designed to distract potential customers from what it ACTUALLY smells like; the packaging is light blue when the juice smells a sinister glittery brown. Sales-associates will inform dimwitted women that it smells of chocolates and sweets, when it smells of death and the infinite beyond. Ad copy refers to the "tender notes of Angel" and "memories of Thierry Mugler's childhood"; Angel wearers clearly lost their innocence LONG ago and now confront everyone they meet with the olfactory tenderness of snorting jagged shards of blue sugar glass. Angel is worn equally by conservative women (allegedly it is the signature scent of both Laura Bush and Hillary Clinton) and women of the night (numerous sources have told me of its popularity among erotic dancers). AND IT WAS A HUGE HIT! More disturbing is the nicotine-like addiction that Angel induces in the wearer, necessitating the purchase of (literally) hundreds of bizarrely named ancillary products ("Celestial Showers Gel"? "Perfuming Hair Mist"?) in an effort to preserve the scent on skin for the rest of your lifetime. The addictive part of Angel, the really good part, is that first blast of body odor and rotten fruit that fades within a few minutes, so the wearer is forced to continually reapply to get that kick. The more you wear it, the more you become anosmic to it, so you keep putting on layer upon layer upon layer, achieving a Baby Jane-like flaking pancake makeup effect and making you smell TRULY filthy, TRULY like you have been living on the streets and selling your unclean body for weeks. As Anais Reboux says to Roxane Mesquida at the beginning of Breillat's "Fat Girl", "You reek of loose morals." They have soda fountain-style REFILL STATIONS at all major department stores, for Christ's sake! I indulge in dreams of taking foot-tall Slurpee cups to Nordstrom and demanding that an effete, tittering male sales associate fill them to the brim, at gunpoint. How on earth did you get away with it, Mugler? Around the time of its release, sales associates were instructed to forcefully spray it on the arms of confused women, look directly in their trembling eyes, and tell them, mantra-like, "THIS IS A FRAGRANCE FOR A UNIQUE WOMAN. NO ONE ELSE WILL SMELL LIKE THIS. A UNIQUE, UNCOMPROMISING WOMAN WOULD WEAR THIS. IT IS UNLIKE ANYTHING ELSE". I'm not kidding, this is how it became a success. They still talk like that at the department stores, too, when they find out you're an Angel fan, in the thick, lascivious tone of a depraved Madame speaking to a whorehouse patron with particularly exotic, violent, and possibly illegal sexual tastes. They'll spray you with the latest seasonal version ("Angel Soleil au Fraiche Summer Fraicheur Energizing Oil Cream" or some such nonsense, available for a limited time only) and hold your arm with their lacquered dragon talons, hissing that there are LOTS of people out there who like Angel and you needn't feel guilty or immoral for it. AND IT WAS A HUGE HIT!

One of my best friends who happens to be a mortician told me an amazing and frightening story. While preparing a corpse for its funeral, she was handed a bottle of Angel and instructed to spray it all in and around the coffin because it was the deceased's favorite scent. Angel, which already smells of death, follows its wearers TO THE GRAVE. 

Update 1/15:

In the six or seven years I've been heavily into fragrance I've worn just about everything. None of these love affairs have lasted the duration except for Angel, which I still have to keep a bottle or three of around as a reminder of my true fragrance identity. IMO there has never been such perfect top-down design for a fragrance in history-- there is the scent itself, which everyone knows, and then there is the perfect avant-garde marketing emphasizing the danger of wearing such a polarizing scent ("Beware of Angels"). There is the ironic name, which acts to throw off the consumer's perception of the filthy scent in the way that the homoerotic Le Male bottle draws both camp homosexuals and the cartoonishly masculine. A large part of Angel's appeal to me is that it manages to alienate both fragrance snob bloggers and the average consumer that wishes to smell clean; the former with its ditzy image and popularity and the latter with its intense evocation of filth and sexual raunch. It's a difficult muse and varies wildly from day to day and in different weather but that's part of the fun; sometimes you feel like sticky syrup at the bottom of a trashcan and sometimes you feel like a pristine Arctic wonderland. I wear it year-round because when you love it, nothing else will do. Mugler has done well in the last two decades of Stalinist industry regulations in preserving Angel; of course it's not as extreme as it once was but it still smells terrific, like itself, and has that medicinal shock that keeps the cult addicted.
positive A few months ago I gave this a thumbs down and wrote the following:

At first I just loved Angel but it is a scent one tires of quickly.  I also smell it everywhere I go so it has become a little ordinary.  I haven't worn it in awhile so I think I might just get mine out and give it another go.

Today I give it a thumbs up.  I did get mine out and wore it.  I fell totally in love again.  It just smells warm and comforting but at the same time very sophisticated.  I would love to talk about top notes and bottom notes and silage (which is very good) but this perfume is all emotion to me and a good one at that.  I will definitely be wearing it more often.
positive Cotton candy and caramel combined with armpitty patchouli and musk, in a bizarre tango that shouldn't work but somehow does. Masuline and feminine in equal doses; works just as well, and smells just as raunchy, on both sexes. The definition of a "love it or hate it" scent: if you love it, you REALLY love it, and if you hate it, words cannot express how much. Inarguably a must-sniff for patchouli fans, gourmand groupies, and anyone who's ever wondered what a cotton candy body spray would smell like on a porn star after the director yells "Cut!".
positive One of my perfumes of my mid 20's. Loved the candied bergamot so much, bought it here and in Paris (a little cheaper at the time). But another trip to France, I was schooled on Molinard, which I'd seen at home, but ignored. But there was Nirmala in a lovely old fashioned, blue bottle. Very much like Angel, but the ingredience smell of a garden in Grasse. It's interesting to find variations on a similar scent theme.
positive What a daring fragrance! It is not a secret that Angel is not a traditional feminine scent.  However polarizing it is, I find its gourmand strength to be particularly suited to a crisp fall evening. The vanilla notes do not burn off as easily, and I always feel particularly warm wearing this scent as I wander the rainy, foggy nights. Angel is rich, complex, and unabashedly decadent - like a earthy red wine. I find it is easier to pull off Angel after having washed my hair in a light vanilla-scented shampoo. It enhances the patchouli, vanilla, and jasmine notes.
positive love it.  Always end up going back to it. People will know you're in the building when you wear it. Not for the faint hearted
positive Love it-works with my chemistry! There is nothing like it period. That said it's not safe for enclosed spaces or office wear- it can overwhelm its environment! Incredibly original statement fragrance ( nobody wears it in this neck of the woods ).
positive Minus burnt rubber, it smells very close/virtually identical to A*Men; just weaker. This is what I first thought of Angel when I smelt it.Angel is a demonic patchouli and chocolate scent that befouls its neighbors but blesses the wearer. It accosts your friends while being your only friend. It greets your with warm cookies and leaves everyone else in the patchouli brush, pricking every single one of their limbs so as if to say, "HELL YEAH!" in a overly dramatic tone.This scent is so polarizing... it makes me love it for some reason. Please, for the love of any deity, wear only a spray of this. It can really ruin someone's day.
positive I went through a bottle of this beauty quickly. It's perfect for any time use. It has a pepper, caramel, citrus quality that won't offend the office in daytime, then shape shifts to a musky, patchouli dark chocolate suitable for nighttime wear. The scent blends to you and becomes your signature. It was noticed by noses wherever I went. In dance class, women stood close to me and marveled at how good the room smelled. The only problem was, my husband didn't like it and found it overpowering. I agree with a review above in that the name Angel, which connotes something light and atmospheric and dreamy and pure, isn't right for what this is. It's sweet, yes, but there's also a darkness to it.  
positive Angel - on the overwhelming side, but let's face it... it's delicious.  Angel got me interested in A*Men and the offshoots like Pure Coffee, and I'm grateful for that.  So that led me to checking out the Angel variants, specifically this years 2010 Sunessence Bleu Lagon.  It's an effervescent masterpiece of an interpretative angel infused with a sparkling fruity/citrus top end, and far better constructed mid/base without the cloying honey drenching of the original.  So, thank you Angel for leading the way to this years version - it's a big time keeper.  
positive You simply can't go wrong with Angel. Being one of the most popular and well-known fragrances in the last 20 years, Angel still manages to stand out in a crowd.This is a delicious and very unique scent, the first of its kind. It's sexy, dark, mysterious, sweet and memorable. Surprisingly quite controversial, it seems that you will either love or hate this fragrance. I personally adore it and love wearing it especially during Winter or on a night out on the town.When I first apply Angel to my skin, I get a very distinctive mandarin note. This mandarin is fresh, juicy and raw, smells exactly like the actual fruit. Minutes later Angel begins to smell like gingerbread men and vanilla, I can even sense a chocolatey note, but perhaps more like a mug of hot chocolate rather than a block of solid chocolate.I find it difficult to control my sweet tooth when I wear this fragrance. I feel compelled to walk straight into the nearest bakery and buy every sweet pastry I can afford.Don't be fooled by the name, Angel is in no way innocent and heavenly. Demon would be a better suited name for this scent.I suggest that everyone try this at least once in their life because like Chanel No.5, it is quickly becoming a well-known classic.
positive Never thought I would like this scent - or rather, never thought it was for me. It sounded just too gourmand, heavy and foody for my liking, not to mention it's thought of as a 'loud' fragrance (referencing Luca Turin), and one of the first fragrances I ever owned was another 'loud' fragrance that I was never able to pull off, Gucci Rush. A salesperson offered me a sample, and I do like it. I find it rich, but not heavy (unlike Organza Indecence), and I feel more comfortable wearing it than I thought I would. When I first spray it on I can't stop smelling my wrist. For me the best part is the early stages though, with all its rich delicious gourmand notes. Then Angel dries down to a dry masculine patchouli base on me, and it was this stage that elicited a comment from my mother that I smelled vaguely of an old man.
positive This is the finest fragrance ever made. I have been waiting to review it for a year now, thinking I'd somehow find words to describe the finest fragrance ever made, but I can't. So this is my review. It's the finest fragrance ever made. And it isn't sweet. Not to me. It's dry and crazy. And really unique. And it changes all day, and it lasts. And everyone loves it on me. It's the best fragrance ever made. It was given to me as a gift - how do you like that? Who figured a person could randomly give a surprize gift of perfume, something so subjective. Yet here's my review. I am a perfume junkie, it's what I hoard, it's what I love - and this - It's the best. 
positive This is a fierce cold weather perfume. Strong patchouli, chocolate and vanilla that wears like an edible massage oil. It's great on my woman, and when I come home late from work and smell this, I get really, how should I say, hungry. There is nothing coy or shy about this scent. While this may have been worn by everyone when this came out, I just don't smell it around anymore.
positive While initially strangely herbaceous and reminiscent of weedy smells, Angel brings the words fruity, rich, sweet, and powerful to a new level. The period after the strange herbaceousness smells like a rich fruit compote with chocolate cake in the oven next to you. After that, it descends into a carmely, chocolaty, rich scent. Patchouli makes a feature in the end, letting you know that's what has been making this so interesting all along. Lasts on my skin over 24 hours. Crazy.
positive Jeez I love this scent!

When I run into a woman wearing this, I am at an immediate loss for words and rationale thought. This is kyroponite to what little machismo I may have.

Seems to be a very polarizing scent. A lot of negatives in here proportionate to the positives. I nevertheless find it intoxicating. I always get a bit of the cotton candy scent and some patchouli, but never the chocolate.

When I smell Angel in a crowd my heart beat quickens and my head spins until I find the source. 
positive As we all know fragrance smells different on each person so the idea of a signature scent is really rather funny since we already have our own scent and perfume just adds to it. Poor "Angel" she has unfairly been label a whore when a saint is really what she is. It's peoples misuse of her that has tarnished her good name. Angel was new and different and ready to be loved and loved she was. Then the imitators begain to appear talk about "whores" and very cheap ones at that. When I wear Angel I feel very happy and those around me feel happy. So I will continue to wear her and defend her honor. May Angel live forever!
positive I tend to favor sweets over florals and Angel dances along one hell of a scent spectrum to satisfy everything I want in a fragrance.  Angel starts out dark, intense, and sexy, then shifts to a lush sweetened fruit, and then finally settles into a dessert-like treat---I can't say enough to explain how wonderfully complex Angel is.  I wore it many years ago and for whatever reason stopped...  I've taken up with Angel again recently after this hiatus and love wearing it, especially because the staying power is strong and I only need a small amount to last almost the entire day.

negative My gran wears this, bless her . She's diabetic and loves mirangues. It smells like diabetes would if it had a smell. 
negative Angel” is the scent of powdered sugar, the inside of an aluminum orange soda can, patchouli, and raving rabid homicidal bee froth. It is the fragrance the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse would wear if the Four Horsemen were War, Pestilence, Death, and Tooth Decay. It is the scent of a terrible emergency, and no one should ever smell it. I need to borrow several thumbs down to fully rate this.
negative no need to buy it. To recreate Angel go to a bar and tip a pina colada down your front. Cheaper and more fun.

neutral Recently, a flight attendant walk passing through me. Long before we're crossing each other, she was reeking this stuff and I can sense it clearly..

Im not sure if she wear the man version or the woman version.. But one thing for sure, it definetely overapllied and bombed the entire plane as she walk around it..

Giving around 3 second of : aahh i wanna bite you, honey

than several minutes hangover of : ughh i can't stand it anymore, please go away, i'm begging you

Well I think it's quite good if not overapllied. Otherwise, you're becoming an active nuclear radiation everywhere you go, reeking this stuff.
neutral I am late to the Angel party, and I think that I should have stayed home. My first reaction was "Lolita Lempicka minus anise". Actually, this is a strawberry sundae sprinkled with patchouli and topped with whipped cream. And this is the friendliest patchouli that I have ever known! I don't really like it, but I don't dislike it either. It is what I thought Miss Dior Cherie would smell like but didn't. For whipped cream, I prefer Un Bois Vanille. For a slightly gourman patchouli, I prefer Coromandel. I do like the strawberries, but I doubt that I will be in a strawberry mood very often. Having said all of this, you must give Angel a try just for the novelty of it all!
neutral The star-shaped bottle is very gorgeous, I admit. But the name does not suit this obnoxious fragrance at all. It should be called Demon of Glutton, for the only thing I can smell in the first 2 hours of spraying this is heavy vanilla biscuit soaked in alcohol. True, it's pretty yummy sniffing my wrist, but it's also completely overwhelming. This is one of those fragrances that, if it doesn't interact with the right body chemistry, will wear the wearer, instead of the other way around. 
neutral Before I tried Angel, I was afraid of it.  I first tried Angel, and I hated it; it was burnt rubber and everything else that people on here had warned of.  Very soon after, I was absolutely in love with it and felt incredibly alluring.  I applied the whole sample soon thereafter.I never bought a bottle, but my Angel Saga did not end there.  Last summer, I took a vacation with my boyfriend to Malta.  Everywhere we went, my boyfriend commented, "what is that horrible stink that I smell everywhere?"  It was none other than Angel.  I smiled at first, but after awhile it got on my nerves and made my stomach turn once again.  I wonder, is it destined to cause such a manic-depressive response in me and so many others?  It is not sort of cliche.  Maybe if people forget about it for awhile, I can rush to buy a bottle, but for now I am in hate.  I still have to rate neutral only for that brief lusty feeling I had toward it.
neutral I first tried Angel during its UK premier at Harvey Nichols in London. As well as the usual testers, and free samples of fragrance, you could help yourself to Angel flavoured chocolates, which were delicious. I thought Angel's sugary, chocolatey notes were wonderful. I immediately purchased the 15ml Glamour Spray (which looked like a smaller version of the Angel stars, with a silver band round it's outline, and a silver cap, held onto the bottle with a silver chain). I think this has now been discontinued. The Glamour Spray cost £89, and was refillable.I soon discovered that though I loved Angel that has been sprayed on a card, or on someone else, on me it a pineapple note develops, which overpowers everything. I gave my bottle to my mother; on her it proved an even worse disaster, developing a cat urine smell, which would not go away. Angel has come along way from its premier, and is now one of the most commonly smelled fragrances, and is sold everywhere from department stores to discount hypermarkets; it is by no means exclusive.All said, though I cannot wear Angel myself, I will sometimes smell it on someone, and it has turned into the beautiful crisp sugary chocolate concoction I remember smelling at its premier. 
neutral I loved it for the past few years...lately I find it cloying whenever I put it on..and am looking for a replacement. I still like my L by Lolita Lempicka and used to wear Coco, Opium Obsession - I like the oriental end of the spectrum....I wish Fendi hadn't discontinued Theorema!
neutral I think Angel was the Opium of my generation. I remember reading about it before it came out, and there were quite a few of us desperate to get it... it was a topic of conversation... there was a buzz.  And getting it meant a special trip into NYC from suburban CT, as it was only going to be available at Saks. It really didn't matter what it smelled like, because by the time I got to that counter, I had been dreaming about those notes (chocolate... in a perfume!?), and that gorgeous blue bottle, for so long, there was no way I was going to be deterred at that point. And I actually loved it. I thought it was AMAZING!  And everyone else did too. Initially. And then sadly, after a year or so, the whole world seemed to be wearing it too. And too much Angel, as we all know, is not a good thing. I hope a younger generation will rediscover it at some point in the future, and it will take its place amongst the greats of all time. But in the distant future.
positive At the moment, I'm seeing this entry for Chanel No. 5 plus entries for No. 5 edp and No. 5 edt. This entry, then, is seemingly for the parfum and the edc. They can smell a lot a like, depending on which versions you get, and I've also smelled an edp of No. 5 that was the same / similar to some parfum and edc versions.

There are interesting versions of No. 5 that vary from the main idea (skanky edc's, really strong, beautiful edt's, and a recent edp that smelled off), but most of the versions I've tried establish the same smell: powdery aldehydes and jasmine plus woods. It's a perfume on the lighter side, but beautiful in its subtlety. 
positive Chanel No. 5 (1921) is an icon of perfumery, respected by people regardless of whether they like it, for what the perfume is, has done, plus how both the art and industry have been shaped in its wake. Perfumer Ernest Beaux proved his worth to Gabrielle "Coco" Chanel with No. 5, and the scent was many things to those who smelled it: a floral, a chypre, a status symbol, and a groundbreaking work of olfactive art with an unprecedented amount of aldehydes for the time, giving No. 5 its trademark plush opening which itself became a hallmark adapted for many future mainstream Chanel perfumes. There really isn't much more that I can say which hasn't been said by better people than myself, and Chanel No. 5 is a perfume nearly everyone in the Western world has either worn or at least smelled whether they're aware of it or not, but I'll try. Simply put: Chanel No. 5 isn't just an aldehyde floral, but is -the- aldehyde floral, and the perfume most people think about when they think of "that perfume smell", with a cosmetic empire carrying the Chanel double-C logo built upon its shoulders. Women predominantly wear it, but men can wear it (and have), with nearly anyone having the potential to enjoy it regardless of age, which is a difficult feat for any perfume to achieve, let alone one from literally another age. I won't lie, once you get past all the historic social impact hurgusburgus, the actual smell of No. 5 is the furthest thing from new and exciting, because like most things made ubiquitous from popularity, the style it pioneered has been done to death by others. Like Fougère Royale (1882) is to the fougère and Guerlain Shalimar (1925) is to the oriental, Chanel No. 5 to the floral genre a foundation that has been pushed, pulled, tugged, and imitated ad infinitum ad nauseam, but I can imagine how impressive it must have seemed in the early years. 

The huge aldehyde and bergamot push is soothed by lemon and neroli, a billowing opening that becomes a golden halo instantly recognizable when anyone wearing No. 5 walks past. The four core florals of jasmine, rose, iris, and ylang-ylang have been often featured in many perfumes since No. 5 launched, but here they are blended to perfection and unadorned with additional floral or spiced notes like past perfumes, forming the balanced core which is pure sunshine alongside the gushing top. The base is jam-packed with things from aromatic sandalwood and oakmoss, to verdant vetiver and patchouli, warm amber and vanilla, with a deftly light application of musk and civet to mix with intimate animal attraction of one's skin smell. All the resplendent top and heart notes really keep No. 5 from being anything remotely lewd, but it is alluring in the teasing manner in which one bats their eyelashes at a potential suitor. Most people born long after this scent had seen its heyday won't read even one iota of sexual provocation from the dry down of No. 5, thanks to the cultural ingraining caused by everyone's mom and grandmother wearing the stuff, but such is how it goes with long-lived popular perfumes. Overall, the golden floral that is No. 5 just feels like happiness bottled, with the only real competition it faced being the aptly-named Patou Joy (1930). Gender, age, and context are all illusions with this one. If you like it's voluptuous splendor, wear it and be happy. From my personal experience, Chanel No. 5 is admittedly hard to reach for, even as somebody open to perfumes marketed to the opposite sex from mine, simply because all the matriarchs in my family wore into the ground growing up, so I was enveloped in clouds of No. 5 the same way a man is consumed by fogs of Axe/Lynx spray at a gym. 

Even then, I acknowledge a level of comfort and gilded confidence in sniffing No. 5, a grace not found in the bitter 70's green chypres and poise missing from the terrible tuberose bombs of the 80's. Performance is all over the map for a scent with so many available vintages, but pure Parfum is the definite all-day radioactive glow of aldehydes, may rose, and aromatic fullness for which the scent is known. Eau de Parfum is the quietest in my opinion, with a soft-spoken low-sillage introduction to the main accord dialed down for intimate affairs, while the Eau de Toilette is technically weaker in formula, but has sharper citrus for greater sillage coupled with more-evident bite in the base, leaning more-masculine. The long-gone Eau de Cologne was almost "No. 5 for Men", with bergamot, aldehydes, rose, oakmoss, vetiver, and sandalwood stealing the show in the leanest, meanest incarnation ever produced, but also with shortest lifespan. Sampling is super easy because this stuff is everywhere, and of course I recommend trying because in case you've lived in a cave all your life, you need to at least know what all the histrionics and hype are about. I also think enough generations have lived and died that the style of No. 5 is beginning to finally borderline on irrelevant to the tastes of most young adults not versed in perfume history, so while we're at no risk of losing No. 5, recent flanker efforts to introduce "younger" iterations of the legendary accord prove to caution that some level of awarness needs preaching from its long-held fans to ensure future generations understand and appreciate this cornerstone of perfume. That's not to say every woman needs this in their medicine chest the way every guy is indoctrinated by his father to use Skin Bracer (1931), Old Spice (1937) or Pino Silvestri (1955), but No. 5 is an experience very much worth having. Thumbs way up.
positive Don't go for the lesser versions, or the newer updates (all the various concentrations and new formulations of No. 5). Go for the best: the parfum. The parfum stays with you and adapts through the day. By evening it's out of this world -- not by being overpowering, but in its subtle beauty. It's divine. 
And don't save it for special occasions; wear it as a day fragrance and love it. 
positive The aldehydes are "crisp".  Faint, but there, notes of citrus and neroli.  Thankfully, the heart notes come quick enough.  For some reason I don't care for the aldehydes in this.  I used to.  I used to love this perfume.  However, I haven't worn this in over 21 years.  I am thinking it must have changed.

I smell the jasmine, rose, ylang ylang, and lily of the valley in the heart.  Later, a peak of iris that adds a powdery-ness.  This redeems No. 5 for me, as I was beginning to feel very disappointed.  The base reveals some amber, patchouli, musk, civet, and vanilla.  Civet isn't too strong here, to my nose.

The eau de parfum version IS much better than the EDT.  I'll finish my decant of the edp.  A full bottle will not be on my radar.  I had loved this at one time - perhaps it was because my father would always give me a bottle for special occasions and I associate No. 5 with those lovely memories.
positive What a difference an age makes. When I first smelt Chanel No.5, I was in my teens and I  didn't like it at all. In all honesty I thought it was over-rated. Now a few decades later I love it. The ylang ylang and iris, stand out first for me, and  it dries down to a musky mix of sandalwood, a delicate hint of cedarwood and finally wraps up in a warm vanilla. I definitely feel this designed more for the older woman, perhaps because in our youth we tend to marinate in fragrances rather than appreciate the individual subtleties in a lighter spritz.
positive I've been a wearer of Chanel No 5 for several decades and of all the perfumes I have worn it varies more from one concentration or product or era to another than any other perfume in my experience. Therefore reviews of the scent in general leave me a bit in the dark as to which No 5 is being covered. The two products and concentrations I prefer and am reviewing here are the eau de toilette and parfum, which I find resemble each other most of all available formats, and which, although they have evolved over the years, retain the classic No 5 DNA the most.

I am a big ylang ylang fan and the parfum and edt seem to bring it out more than other versions. I think one also has to enjoy powder and aldehydes to like No. 5. The edp to me is an entirely different scent, in which the rose and jasmine stand out more. I also find it "louder." The edt and parfum do not project as much but seem to hover like an aura around the wearer and puff up from time to time during the day.  The "Chanelade" drydown is evident still, although today's edt is lighter than in the past. 

My mom didn't wear it but it was the signature scent of my best friend in college. During that time I abstained so as not to steal her thunder but once we went our separate ways it was all mine to enjoy! I find it discreet, refined and extremely easy to wear.

Oh--one more distinction: the edt available here is made in France and judging from former testing, is drier, not quite as sweet and powdery as the one made in USA.
positive That grandmother smell.
positive This is a positive review. I haven't worn it during ten years of parfume passion. I just smelled the bottle once. I don't know what was pushing me off. The popularity. The myth. The "madame" side of it. 

It won't become a favorite. But I'm here at the airport waiting for my flight and I feel pride and comfort for wearing it. It will follow me for twelve hours and I'm happy I chose it. 
positive Anyone who has watched home shopping channels for any length of time has heard the phrase "you wear it-- it doesn't wear you."  Now this is supposed to make you feel superior (with your whisper of scent) to those of us who still like to strut it (in the olfactory sense).

"The Five" does now, as it always has, wear me.  And I don't mind a bit.  

In my tiny wardrobe, I don't wear No. 5  or Panthere de Cartier as often as I do the others, but when I crave them, nothing else will do.  

For what it's worth, I have never craved any of the 21st Century flankers-- they remind me of hearing the Blue Danube Waltz-- played on kazoos.  Gimme the real thing, already!

positive Timeless and extraordinary, say no more...
positive I feel like I should be writing some sort of complicated review comparing all the concentrations and versions of No. 5, but really, I love the extrait.  That was the first version I tried and the version I ended up buying.

I think it's essentially an example of a perfect perfume.  The topnotes (sparkly lemon champagne and powder), the mid notes (soapy flowers deepened with clove and spices), and the base (super-creamy, rich musks and sandalwood over a full chypre base) are all great.  And the way the different themes interact with each other as the day goes on are always gorgeous and carry an engineered precision that is almost impossibly complex but also achingly beautiful.

Required sniffing.
positive For about 20 years I occasionally sprayed some of this from a tester, and what I got was somewhere between 'bottom of the fridge' and 'nothing', and I thought of it as actively unpleasant.  What was wrong with me?  It's glorious, but for some reason it never clicked for me until last year, when it sneaked up on me and showed its true beautiful nature.  Now, almost without me realising, it's my second-most-worn, after my great love, Mitsouko.
positive To paraphrase Cameron Crowe's Almost Famous, I'm about to go where many, many others have gone before, and try to say something insightful about Chanel No. 5.

I hadn't owned a bottle of No. 5 in so long that I was afraid I might not even recognize it, when I found a bottle of the discontinues Elixir Sensuelle on eBay.  I missed that train the first time, so I snatched it up.  To be honest, I was worried that it might be old, or even fake.  But I popped the top off, and there it was--that same, strange, elusive, weird, tickle.  

How to describe it?  Actually, trotting out the old Marilyn Monroe warhorse can be helpful, because Marilyn was a lady of very particular tastes.  She loved the color white to the point of obsession.  She loved Champagne.  She loved going without underclothes.  She did not love the "Happy Birthday, Mr. President" dress, but she knew it was a dress that "only Marilyn Monroe could wear."

Wearing Chanel No. 5 feels like fizzy skin of microscopic fireworks on the sheerest layer of silky golden white.  (Describing the scent is like describing the sound of something that's almost beyond your range of hearing. It's the wearing that counts.). It's like wearing the stuff of Marilyn's Mr. President dress, but you don't have to be sewn into it.  And you can wear it for whomever you want.  It feels like electricity.  It feels like magic.  
positive This is the perfume that my life partner seduced me with. Chanel flats. Black and gold outfit and all.
Have often sneaked some of hers. I think though, it is better suited to the Feminine.
I wear Bois des Iles and Cuir de Russie often. They are better suited to my skin.
To this day, when I pick this up, on any woman,
it has me stand up to attention.
positive I'm so pleased that I have waited this long to experience one of the great classics. Chanel's No. 5 is almost indescribable. It brings tears to the eyes. I won't try to explain the ethereal effect, the simultaneous depth and lightness of this great perfume.

What I wanted so to do was to run to my records and see how Coty's classic L'Aimant fared date-wise with the Chanel. They are so similar, but the Chanel has a depth in its base notes that so anchors the elusive whisps of Ylang, Neroli, Jasmine and Rose, so between the two, it does come out the winner.

I found that Coty's L'Aimant (1927) trailed Chanel's No. 5 (1921) by three years.  I am humbled.

I love them both.
positive I actually got a sample of the super expensive pure Parfum version of this scent, just so I could actually compare it with the EDP formulation I sprayed on my wrists a few days ago. The pure Parfum version of Chanel No. 5 is definitely one of the most perfect and beautiful feminine perfumes that has ever been made, hands down. I didn't really think so until I smelled it in that particular concentration, but yes, in the actual Parfum (Not the EDP) I think this perfume is a masterpiece. Unfortunately it IS prohibitively expensive, but I think it's worth splurging on if you can afford it and have the chance to buy it. I'm not as crazy about the EDP formulation that I tried on at the drug store the other day. It is essentially the same scent, but it doesn't come across the same way. Mostly, with the EDP my main thought is just "soapy, clean scent." Which is nice, there's nothing wrong with it, but I wouldn't pay a lot of money for it. With the pure Parfum formulation my first and immediate thought is: "beautiful, perfect perfume." Definitely worth the price. I probably should have tried the EDT formulation as well before writing this, but wasn't able to yet for comparison. But yes, the Parfum is gorgeous. Five stars, definitely. 
positive Marilyn Monroe always comes to mind.. I believe that should be enough to say about a timeless classic that is still a mainstream best seller and that has been talked about for just about a 100 years now. The epitome of sensual.
positive I have several vintage bottles of the perfume. I still put this one on when I want to lounge around in the morning, drink my coffee and read a book. It smells so luscious. When I am ready to get going out the door. I spray some Eau Premiere on the top for some wake up energy. 
positive Salutation.

To speak of the gorgeousness of No.5 is redundant,It is a goddess.Everyone who knows me well knows that i am not a big fan of CHANEL fragrances but as my reviews are truly then let me say this is supremely sophisticated.one of those fragrances that is absolutely unforgettable just like ANGEL,SHALIMAR and...one rooty perfume that is natural,queenly,fresh and just Fabulous.Sensual yet Laylike at the same time.

Striking and subtle notes of aldehyde and fresh air with weird undertones of precious woods and musk mixed into the perfect blend but the natural floral scent in the heart is more spectacular as it is very feminine and makes you think of a field of white flowers in the morning.it is not at all overpowering yet it stays with you really unique and beautiful and something you can totally imagine the creator smelling like.

The base notes are quite warm and musky on my skin. This timeless classic is excellent for anytime wear.one application to either neck is enough to cosume your entire body when you walk by another person for that person to notice you smelling great.A perfect fragrance for a perfect lady who so attend to class and tradition.


Sillage?Fantastic.

Longevity?Lasts and Lasts.

7.75/10
positive I do not think it makes sense to speak about the liquid of this perfume! My grandmother used this fragrance, and I suspect that even my mother uses both Laltrove 1002 and Chanel  No. 5. This fragrance is a beginning, a total break with the past. For the first time a perfume was produced by someone who was not a brand of perfumery, for the first time the use of synthetic molecules becomes a point of strength, for the first time the packaging is not a pompous crystal amphora, but a simple bauhaus bottle. This fragrance was a really school for perfumery and also represented the key reference point for all movements of innovation in the field of fragrances. What happened then? Nothing. For nearly a century the whole perfumery has contented itself with one purpose: to sell. There are only two scents that have attempted to regenerate the dusty world of fragrances: Escentric Molecules 01 and Peety by O'driù. The rest is: tabula rasa!
“Fashion is made to become unfashionable.”
Coco Chanel
This reviewer may have conflicts of interest
positive Beautiful. Have been fascinated with this perfume since I was small, and finally at 40 bought myself a bottle of the EDT. Actually, I bought the EDP first but was nearly knocked over by the strength of it. The EDT is much softer and just gorgeous. As the Chanel website says, you can spray it liberally and it just envelops you in this lovely cloud. Lasts all workday and I've never had a complaint, stays fairly close to my skin but I catch little delicious whiffs of it all day. The bottle is nice and feels luxurious, and the scent is pure luxury itself. I just love it. Soft but interesting, with different notes developing all day long. I never get tired of it. 
positive This has always been the first fragrance using, besides neroli and ylang-ylang, aldehydes heavily in the top notes and afterwards, and whilst it gives a certain sparkle to it I am not sure whether it is necessarily a sign of quality, but it certainly was a novel and creative idea.  The main wonder of this creation, especially in its original perfume version any years ago, has been the supreme quality of the roses; so delicious, natural and beautifully balanced by the classic jasmine notes.  The sandal in the base used to be of great quality, but over the years it has become a bit less special.

I get very good sillage and projection with a longevity of about nine hours in the perfume.

The original perfume is a classic - 4.5/5. 
positive This wonderful fragrance deserves its iconic status.  Men love it on women and women love to wear it--for a reason.  The sparkling aldehydes, the floral heart, the musky, vetiver base--it is beautiful through and through.  It must have been mind-blowingly original when it first came out and the way that Chanel has developed the brand--which has become a cult--is amazing.  Comforting yet elegant, totally feminine, it is as the Catherine Deneuve tagline went: "one of the pleasures of being a woman."  And yet.....  Is this the greatest perfume of all time?  Is this the quintessence of the perfumer's art?  Is this truly timeless, or a time capsule?  I wonder.  What I do know, though, is that the world is a better place because of it and women smell great in it and I am happy for Chanel's success in continuing to find new generations of wearers of this classic French scent.
positive Thumbs way up for a beautiful classic! This is the singular exquisite fragrance for women...floral and sparking with true read fragrance oils and a wonderful base of sandalwood and aldehydes. Feminine and dignified. Lasts for hours (8+). Exquisite!
positive Vogue's august editor, Diana Vreeland, as with many other of her pronouncements related to fashion, was spot on when she said that Chanel No. 5 really is the greatest fragrance for women.  And although, in the nearly 40 years since she made that statement, there have been other excellent fragrances, it's hard to think of a scent that says "formal" and "ready" like Chanel No. 5.  Others work fine for casual wear, but none I think come close to supplanting this fragrance as a woman's armor for the most important and intensely scrutinized of life's activities, engagements, and occasions.  The fact that most wearers don't see it as an everyday scent only serves to reinforce this.  It is truly a regal fragrance.

negative One of the most disgusting things out there... Chanel No.5 with it's huge dose of civet, giving any girl or woman wearing it a cat pee smell. 

It probably somehow triggers a pleasant, primal feeling though judging by its fanbase. 

I can only assume this is related to the wearer getting a feeling of being able to 'mark her territory' in modern day society. And also being able to stand out from the crowd, albeit in a bad way.
negative Absolutely horrible. 

Chanel No5 is the most overrated awful perfume on the market. It couldn't get worse. Being exposed to this fragrance is equal to a violent attack. It's crude, loud, repellent, foul and completely unsophisticated. It's designed by a perfumer with no sense of smell, no refinement of any sort. The only imagination Chanel No5 can conjure is that of a worn-out Parisian brothel filled with workers long past their due date.

The bottle is beautiful though and the only reason it sells.
negative I really wanted to like this.  I tried it several times and to no avail.  It just doesn't smell good on me.  Unfortunately instead of getting the florals in the heart notes or the woods, amber, vanilla etc in the base, I just get a big ole dose of Civet that shines through and trust me, it is not a pleasant scent.  I wanted to like and wear it because it reminded me of my mother, but it doesn't smell on me the way it did on her.  I am going to have to give this away to someone and hope it smells good on them.  

neutral This iconic, legendary behemoth of the perfume world is a mystery to me.  Others speak in hushed tones of its brilliance, its sparkle, its ability to transport and transform the ordinary into the exquisite.  I want(ed) so very much to love it, much like my desire to love seafood or The Tragically Hip.  Alas, like them, it is not to be.  I have tried it at very different times throughout my life, (EdP & EdT), and every time it is an exercise in aversion.  To me it smells like I am trapped in an old lady's sitting room and she is repeatedly whacking me with a bundle of  faded, blowsy flowers.  Over and over.  I remember my mother had a bottle of No 5 that sat, untouched, on her dresser--it was the source of my first "try".  And the bottle then remained untouched by me as well.  Maybe it's genetic?  I give it a neutral instead of thumbs down, because I know in my secret heart that I will surreptitiously try it again...
neutral I come at No. 5 unhindered by any associations with female family members or acquaintances wearing it - nobody I know is that classy. I had been testing the EDP for years now, just a random spritz here and there when I was in a perfume store, just to make sure it was as deeply repellent as I had remembered it. The EDP never disappointed, in that regard. 

But recently, I was on my way back home from a holiday and realized I had forgotten to pack my precious little decant of Bois des Iles for the plane ride home. I am an extremely anxious flyer and have found that the calming scent of sandalwood is practically the only thing standing between me sitting quietly in my seat with clenched buttocks, a silent moan of terror trapped in my throat, and running down the aisles butt naked screaming "We're all going to f*^$#&ÎNG DIE!!!!". It is safe to say that I was mildly disconcerted to find that I had no sandalwood on my person. As was my husband. Anyway, in desperation, I looked at the bottle of No. 5 EDT on the duty free shelf, figured there had to be some good sandalwood in the base, and so spritzed it on liberally. It worked. The EDT has a rather short performance trajectory, so I was well into a glorious sandalwood dry-down by the time I was boarding, maybe 90 minutes later. It is true that I may have bruised my husband's forearm during take-off, but at least there was no screaming and naked antics from me, for which we are all truly grateful.

The slight similarity to Bois des Iles in the far dry-down had me intrigued. Was it possible, I wondered, that I could get my ruinously expensive sandalwood fix through plain old No. 5, which is, compared to BdI extremely easy to find and not as hard on the wallet? I conducted a little investigation. I bought a small bottle of 1940s/50s pure parfum from a Basenotes member, as well as a small purse spray of the EDT (current version). Here are my thoughts:

The Good: The vintage pure parfum is simply exquisite. It is a smooth, round thing of beauty. They say that Chanel has secured the harvest rights to all the best jasmine and roses in Grasse for generations, and you can tell. I would not be surprised if they have St. Peter under contract to collect the tears of angels in heaven for this too. The florals are deeply abstract, super-blended, and buttery in the way only Chanel can pull off. I can't identify a single one of the flowers used here - it's like they picked some flowers, dipped them into liquid gold, waited for them to dry, then broke them up into little pieces and put them back together all mismatched, like a sort of Picasso's Desmoiselles d'Avignon, with the the bottom part of the jasmine welded to the top of a rose. It is all very fuzzy and abstract.  Later on, I detect something pleasingly animalic in the dry down, as well as that soothing sandalwood.

The Bad: The extreme abstraction comes close to feeling synthetic at times, and there is this weird plasticky netting cast over the florals, as if the golden, fluid smoothness has been pushed to the brink. In the parfum, this plasticky feel manifests itself as a semi-pleasing sort of nuttiness, like unsweetened almond essence. It is an odd effect, like I said, half-pleasing but half-unsettling and synthetic, and I am not sure that it belongs. I perceive this plasticky, almond thing in the parfum to a small but noticeable extent in the pure parfum, but not at all in the EDT, leading me to think the effect is due to taking the abstract richness a step too far. 

The Ugly: The EDP takes this plasticky effect to the florals and pushes it to the limit of my tolerance. Actually, the EDP smells like burning plastic for much of its development on me, and it is quite unpleasant. It is joined by a synthetic note from the laundry or household detergents aisle in the supermarket. 

I enjoy the EDT a great deal, perhaps the best out of all the versions. But it is surprisingly light and last for only three hours on my skin. What I have taken to doing is dabbing the pure parfum on pulse points, and then spritzing the EDT all over my body, so that I get both concentration and volume. Then I am surrounded by a lovely fug of golden scent all day long. 

I have to add two important things, though. First of all, putting on No. 5 is a conscious act of melding with the madding crowd - there is nothing to tell you apart from the legions of women who put it on just because either their mothers did before them, or just to wear something famous. There is nothing about it that says "Hey! I am wearing No. 5 because I choose to, based on the notes!" You will just smell like everyone else (well, of a certain age). For those of us who like to express some aspect of their individuality through choice of perfume, putting on No. 5 feels like you are willing accepting to be an anonymous face in the crowd. It is so recognizable and such a cultural shorthand for luxury, class, and "poshness" that it has, I find, a depressing sort of flattening effect on your own individuality. And you can't bend No, 5 to your own personality either - forget about it. You can wear it defiantly with shorts and flip-flops, but your smell will still say "I am a posh woman, slumming it today. I have my pearls and twin-set waiting for me at home". 

Lastly, I discovered that although No.5 is an acceptable short term alternative to Bois des Iles for a plane ride home, it really cannot replace Bois des Iles in the long run. Note to self: Just buy Bois des Iles and be done with it.           
positive My mom gave me this perfume as my wedding gift in 2007 and I'm still halfway through. It is and still is my mom's all time favorite though. Honestly it wasn't my total favorite but the scent is acceptable and I usually wear it for special occasions like dinner parties or weddings due to it high silage and superb long lasting power. It is seriously a very strong perfume, so use sparingly. It lasts all day so only a little is needed. Smells as if there is a billion types of flowers being squeezed in a bottle. Classically powdery but nice and warmth. It surely made me feel classy and in control. Super pricey indeed for me but will buy it again if I ran out. Reserved only for special occasions only.
positive Mistakenly received this in the place of Allure Sport. I had a good fifteen minutes before noticing the sample's label. Plenty enough time to be hooked. Even though my typical favorites are very powerful masculine scents via 70's, 80's, 90's, I will gladly wear this out the door with no fears.
positive I couldn't afford it in my youth and always borrowed my mothers. It was my something borrowed on my wedding day. I have always got some in now that I can afford it.
positive Review for the Vintage EDT.

A truly perfectly balanced floral done in the way only Chanel could do. It is delicate and classy as well as being alluring and sensual, as if giving off a warm glow around the person who wears it, like a soft, golden "aura" following them.

It is subtle, but it compliments your own natural skin beautifully and it a natural way... as if enhancing your presence and making you feel beautiful and confident at the same time. 

Ernest Beaux, the genius that he was, knew women so well, this fragrance seems to work and adapt differently on each persons skin. It has universal appeal... and works well with women of ANY culture, creed or generation. There is a reason why this one is hard to beat, even after 90 years, and why it will still be around 90 years from now.
positive For mature women only !When I was in my twenties I would have never thought to go to the chanel counter in my shopping center. Because I just thought to myself Chanel no way. In my thirties as well. But now in my forties I decided to give Chanel no.5 a try all I can say is I love it.  The is really for a mature lady who can figure out its not about a old lady scent that most imature people would say but a scent for a big lady lol. A mature woman. Ive been wearing and alot of people ask me what iam wearing I tell them its a sercet.Pros: classic, mysterious, alluringCons: none"
positive Poster child of Aldehyde perfumesIf you like aldehydes, this is for you.  Despite the one-star negative reviews, this fragrance has been around for nearly 100 years.  It is a classic.  The aldehyde theme is neither cloying nor floral, but sharp and clean.  If you like fruity, floral, or sweet fragrances, stay away.  100 years of satisfied customers can't all be wrong...
positive Lovely...Classic	Received this as a free sample with a Chanel order.I wish my wife loved this as much as I do. Sexy without being trashy, sophisticated without being stodgy. There's a reason it's been around as long as it has. Timeless.Pros: Sexy and sophisicatedCons: None
positive I have to admit, I didn't want to love this one.  My mother wears it and has for my entire life and at first spray I can't shake the sensation that any second she's going to catch me in her bathroom and usher me to the babysitter while she and my dad get ready for a night on the town.  I wanted to casually try it and then move on, leaving No. 5 in the care of my mother and countless other ladies.

Yes, at first it is everything that I associate with my mother and perfume.  That extravagant opulence of the 80's, the carefully constructed hair laden with hairspray, the tinge of something unnatural that may be a cigarette or perhaps a drink, the strong invasion of flowers too profuse to fit within a vessel. Then something very interesting happens, after an hour this sculpted Venus began to respond to my own chemistry and emerged as something I had not expected.  No. 5 takes on a fresh and vital chracter on me with perdominant rose, a faint rich cream, and powder, but surprisingly vetiver has become the star.  Wow, it is beautiful!  Suddenly I begin to see how Coco herself, Marilyn Monroe, and my elegant-but-nononsense mother can all wear this sparkling, striking, masterpiece.

If you've never tried this for yourself for fear of smelling too much like someone else, you may want to consider giving No. 5 a test run.  You may be amazed at what she has to say about you!  
positive OK, this is going to be different.  I'm reviewing this based on how it smells on friends & family.  Some wonderful scents go rancid with my body chemistry or don't match up with my personality and lifestyle, this is one.  But I love smelling it on others who are lucky enough to be able to wear it.

It has a light floral scent to me, and maybe something like powder.  Expensive powder!  Pleasant & soothing, it seems like a year round evening scent.

positive I wish we had the option to rate with simultaneous thumbs up–thumbs down. Neutral is never appropriate for Chanel No. 5…

Thumbs up:
This is a post-modern work of art. (OK, a very pretentious statement, but let me explain). Whenever I smell Chanel No. 5 a classic symphony orchestra innocently chugs away while a loud distorted guitar screeches relentlessly in the top register. Somehow, the orchestra was brilliantly tuned to the guitar, allowing the dissonance to coalesce with the violins resulting in a haunting Gothic architecture (complete with flying buttresses—haha). This is the stench of bodies rising from the dead. Superb. 

Thumbs down:
Chanel No. 5 is the opposite of inviting; it is telling everyone around the wearer to stay away because we are going to war and expect to die. As a fragrance, it is more like war paint instead of make-up. Maybe that is the whole point, but yuck. Please stay away from me, Chanel No. 5.

positive This was my fragrance many years ago; given up at a time of great change. I always liked it's heady presence. It is unmistakeable. Anyway, here I am years later feeling nostalgic. I've invited it back into my life, wearing it occasionally when I want to noticed, and remembered. Welcome back my friend.
positive Timeless, classic and classy. I love the complexity of No. 5. Over the many hours that it lasts with my chemistry it magically morphs from one very recognizable scent to another. I haven't tried another perfume that manages that feat. 

While the scent is amazing, it's really too powdery to really be "me" (I'm more of an amber/citrus/floral girl). That being said I do enjoy wearing No. 5 from time to time. My mother has a bottle and I "borrow" some from her occasionally.
positive I am a (gay) man and I love #5 so much that I wear it myself as it works well on my skin.  I can also be perfectly layered atop a more masculine woody or leathery scent.

It is the purest jasmine scent I know, and it is so well constructed with all ingredients in perfect harmony that it is like listening to the London Symphonic orchestra or probably more accurately some French opera.

Though preferably used as an evening scent (perfume) this is the olfactory equivalent to a floral burst you get after prolonged rain, when the sun pops open all flower buds and they all ooze their fragrance into the open air on a perfect spring day.

If >>Shalimar<< is the slightly louder more "slutty" one (the 'Samantha' of perfumes), then #5 is definitely the more distinguished, romantic, big dreaming 'Carrie Bradshaw'.

I love this fragrance for it oozes class and luxury with the familiarity of "baby powder". Sheer amazing!
positive No. 5 is always the smell you have to be patient for. It begins so blunt and rides out so slowly and with unflustered ease, you begin to wonder what's so special about it. I remember smelling it for the first time as a teenage girl and thinking "Dust? Dried roses? Doilies?" Foolish, youthful me. 

Now I it's my black boots, my beige sweater and my nude lipstick of fragrances. It seems to go with everything. 

The powerful jasmine and ylang ylang that sparkle like matte sequins, the inviting sandalwood finish and the hint of rose are all part of the experience. I find the EDP to be long lasting, but not as whisper smooth as the other formulations. I find myself using the Sensual Elixir like parfum when I go out and applying it before bedtime. It should be noted that the Elixir does have a thrust of vanilla not found in the other formulas.

The drydown is intermittently my favorite part, especially as I go to bed. It's powdery, but cool and not heavily spiced or laden with sweetness. It's almost green, but not as green as No. 19. 

Now I wear it almost every other day. It's definitely my "safe" choice as the familiar aldehyde and jasmine scent is not exactly groundbreaking or thought provoking. It's just that aura of simplicity, svelte spirit and the feminine that keeps me anchored and confident. 
positive I'd never wear it for two reasons.  Firstly, I feel it's still a wee bit old for me.  And secondly, it reminds me of my darling mum.  To have this scent, so evocative of mum, every moment of the day, would just be too much.  She's in my thoughts all the time anyway.  But as it reminds me of her, and she was a very beautiful, way ahead of her time, feisty but gentle, very feminine little star, I have to say it is a stunningly beautiful, elegant scent.  I wish I could wear it, as I think it oozes class.  But even at 44, I still don't feel grown up enough for Chanel No 5.
positive If there is no Chanel No. 5 in heaven, I am not sure I want to go! This regal fragrance is sophisticated and classy to a fault.  This is THE classic perfume par excellence.  In fact, I would be as bold as to say it is an eternal fragrance.  It is still going strong after 90 years which in itself is no small accomplishment.  I wonder how many fragrances created in the 2000's will still be around in 2090...  My guess is:  not too many.  Ernest Beaux was a real genius.
positive Just imagine for a moment that a scent was a piece of music, No. 5 would to my mind be The Flower Duet by Delibes, now every woman wearing it is hearing the Flower Duet in their mind and they're entranced, floating along lost to the outside world.
It's lovely but everyone else has to listen to the music too, and just once in a while we'd like to hear something else. 
A great scent but overexposure has dulled it's beauty. 
positive This is an absolute classic. If I had a love of my life this would be it. I have been picking this out of my mothers dresser since I was 5. 15 years later, it is still my signature fragrance. So warm, so luscious, so sophisticated - a real masterpiece. 
positive The challenge of Chanel No. 5 is making her your own. 

It can feel weird to try to fill the big mommy shoes of this fragrance but so worth it when you do. Dry and warm and sweet and floral and legendary, basically the whole package. 

This venerable aldehyde-laden floral potion holds her own, even after all this time.

This get three thumbs up from me: for the parfum, the edp, and the edt.



negative 
That body chemistry should differ greatly from one individual to another should come as no surprise.
But after reading so many reviews - not just here, of course - praising or lamenting, whatever the case may be, this perfume's "greenness" or "freshness" I have no choice but to conclude that some noses are from Mars and others from Pluto. (Even though "sex symbols" have been traditionally used it in its marketing, I could not bring myself to associate it with Venus.)

To my nose, there is more "greenness" and "freshness" in a whiff of olive oil (or any oil, for that matter) - and I am not exaggerating for comic purposes. 
It is not an entirely off-the-cuff simile, either, because that's what Nro 5 reminds me of spontaneously: of an almost solid greasy substance, reminiscent of a lump of lard,  in which a  cloyingly sweet flower scent drowned a while ago, dying an agonising death, and has been decomposing ever since. (I suppose it is the precisely the hint of organic decomposition, a common impression conveyed by Bulgarian rose, not to mention civet etc., that makes it so appealing to others.)

To make matters worse, there is its famous longevity. It jumps you as you walk by and then clings to you, come hell or high water. (Literally: every time I had tried to give it a chance, from different bottles, no amount of water and scrubbing could  get it off, not completely. It may not be a coincidence that each time I was also overcome by a powerful headache and faint nausea.)

In case anyone is wondering about my skin type (which is relevant, of course): it is on the dry side (not overly so), the kind with almost invisible pores, that rarely sweats. My sweat often smells honey-like. Even acidulous scents turn sweet(ish) on my skin.

On others, it fares no better, as far as my nose is concerned. It's greasy, dull, cloying and utterly uninteresting. Worse: due to its over-marketing, now it has the unpleasant added effect of branding the wearer with an aura of conventionality in my eyes. As much as I try to fight the thought (and I really do try hard), my first impression of a Nro 5 wearer is that she is a lady who is easily swayed by advertising and possibly cares a LOT about other people's opinions.

As a serious collector and perfume lover, I know all about this perfume's history, and I couldn't care less about its historical value, except in the context of, well, the history of perfume. Wearing it for its historical value would be tantamount to wearing a 1906 bathing suit because it was oh-so-modern in its day.

Interestingly enough, this is the only Chanel that I hate. There are a few that I am indifferent to, and two or three that I positively love and wear.



negative So disappointed with this one. I purchased it without first trying on a sample, going simply by all the rave reviews out there and its classic stature. Too powdery, and despite having the EDP, it did not last well on me either. Just shows how subjective this world of fragrances is :)
negative As a perfume fanatic, I thought I ought to own it. But I didn't wear it. Occasionally I would spray a little onto my wrist and sniff it on and off over an evening at home. To me No.5 is a bit like going to a gallery and looking at a painting you find ugly but it just sold for $100m so you think you should admire it without really understanding why. I had EDT.

neutral Not my style, smells o.k., not memorable to me.  Best left for my Mom to wear but don't love it/hate it either way.  Obviously a timeless classic for so many people so worth having in a collection, just not mine.
neutral Chanel No. 5 edp (***)

No. 5 edp is great until you realize it smells like Baghari, only with a heady floral section to make it float and a Polysantol slab to weigh it back down.
neutral It was Christmas, I was 16 and my poor Mother had been nagged to weariness over the past 3 months about L'heure Bleue,I'd never smelt it, but I fell in love with the romance of it. It took such a leap of faith for my Mum to spend so much on a perfume for a child, that I pretended to love it. But I didn't.I resolved to wear it for a week, and put it in a drawer, never to be smelt again.The next day, leaving the house, to go out to the cold, dry dark I thought, Casmir? Van Cleef? No, I'll HAVE to wear it.So I did, and in the cold, dark night, it came alive and I fell in love.
Its a cold, dark night,20 years later, and I left the house hoping to fall in love with the slighty clove medicinal floral greeness that I get from my chemistry with No 5. But I can't.It doesn't warm, it doesn't change and then dazzle on me, it's just kind of, meh, and may go in a drawer, never to be smelt again.But, although I certainly didn't nag for this one, don't tell my Mum.
neutral "This was my mother's perfume..." Thus probably begins many reviews of Chanel No. 5. I have seen people accuse it of being an "old lady" perfume. I can't say I find the scent to be "old lady" so much as "perfume." For me, those perfumey aldehydes just don't work. On me, it smells like hostess soap. As a young woman, just establishing herself after college, I preferred the crisp, green of No. 19.

On my mother, however, it was lovely. She had many fine fragrances in her collection, but No. 5 was "hers." My cousin Joan wore Shalimar, her sister Irene wore Je Reviens, and their mother, my Aunt Mary, wore Joy. On each, her chosen perfume was lovely, but whereas my 20-something-cousins seemed to "wear" their perfume, my mother and my Aunt became their fragrance, or rather, it became them. After having so often complimented my cousin Irene on her Je Reviens, she gifted my mother with some. It was awful on her; it smelled like the worst possible cheap soap (even worse than No. 5 smells on me). It was hard to convince her that on her this wasn't the exquisite essence it was on my cousin, and I was left with no great opinion of Je Reviens. Thankfully, my mother returned to her No. 5.

Many years later, as I kissed my cousin Irene good-bye after a visit, I was greeted with the most entrancing scent. "What are you wearing!?" I asked, astonished. "Je Reviens," she answered, as if to say, "what else?"  I had not remembered it being so wonderful. Not long after, when I visited her sister Joan, I was greeted by the most celestial garden of spice, and after the same, shocked "What are you wearing!?" she nodded, knowingly, "Shalimar." Years earlier, I had not sensed the spiciness of that "powdery" vanilla.

What is this long tale meant to illustrate (apart from that the women in my family have excellent taste in perfume)? That, even among the closest family members, there will be great variation in how fragrances present. We all know as much. But there is a theory I have developed from this experience as to why some people consider perfumes like No. 5 to be "old lady" perfumes--because their best expression is achieved on older women, and so we associate the scent with older women.  My cousins had to grow into their perfumes; the fragrance, likewise, evolved on them. This isn't simply a matter of maturity or class. As women's body chemistry changes, as their skin density changes, so too, I believe, does their fragrance. (Not to be too sexist, here, I imagine the same happens with men, but we don't yet have a generation of mature men here in America who boldly wear what are considered "women's" perfumes to test this theory.)

Not long before her death, as I brought my lips to my mother's cheek to kiss her goodbye, I smelled the most perfect perfume. I couldn't describe it as anything in particular--just the most wonderful and perfect scent of a woman. When I asked the inevitable "What are you wearing!?" she said, "Chanel No. 5, as always."
neutral This perfume was so avidly promoted on a friend's Open Diary page a few years ago, that I went out and bought it. To me it has a baby-powder esque-ness (that is so not a word, lol!) that cannot possibly be escaped. When I think sexy I think My Sin by Lanvin, or Coco by Chanel. When I think, what bottle of perfume is still sitting in my car? Oh yeah, Chanel No. 5... picture the really attractive blonde in the corner that is gorgeous right up until she opens her mouth, and yes, there you have it... 
neutral THE CLASSIC! Well... maybe. but its not that good. Since i wasn't quite familiar with this fragrance till relatively recently, i was stunned by the fact that it smells THAT soapy. Its really prevalent.
Yeah, its a decent scent, i wouldn't dismiss it or want to tell people to wear something else since it is pleasant. But its really nothing far-out there. Buy it if you want, i like it, but wouldnt fall in love with it. Neutral.
neutral So this is the one that started Attack of the Killer Perfumes.
I can't wear this because of the aldehydes. It comes across on me as harsh with airy hairspray florals, and develops surprisingly little. I suppose if my skin and nose liked aldehydes I might see the loveliness of this classic, but I do not. This strikes me as the start of that slow slide toward what we all now recognise as the dreaded department store perfume smell. Now I know which one to blame. It also always had a little funky note to it from the animalics, so N°5 really isn't destined to be a fragrance I will wear.
Edit: i tried N°5 in parfum formulation and its beauty shines through what seems much reduced aldehydes. I can see its classicism, so I've revised my review to neutral. They seem almost like different fragrances to me. At any rate, as a parfum, it is luxurious, smooth and feminine. It still had the problematic little funky note, but this is better than it has ever smelled before.
neutral Radiant and futuristically chic back at time of its inception this chemical concoction stands out still on the stage nowadays. It's unique, indeed instantly recognizable. Synthetical and floral-aldehydic Chanel N. 5 is a chilly-radiant, cosmetical and powdery-gasseous scent that smells like a cloud of soft ambery musk over which are scattered petals of pink and white roses side by side with jasmine. A proud iris enhances the powdery sophistication in the central part on the side of lily of the valley and this middle stage performs as a perfect balance of floral patterns. After few minutes of a slightly hesperidic fickle blast this blend turns out incredibly cool, spacious and glamour with its initial floral blast of sensual ylang-ylang but it does it paradoxically with a retro, luxurious and nostalgic touch as well as you'd take a plunge in a colonialistic age of high class ladies in white dresses strolling along the Royal Pavilion with their umbrellas under sun. Some sweet woods provide a right dosage of woody delicate mildness. The final trail is yet balmy/aldehydic and woodsy with a touch of severe patchouli, a rooty hint of vetiver and a subterranean aftertaste of orange. The soapy-aldehydic effect is anyway not creamy or resinous despite amber and vanilla but instead powdery and airy because of the fluctuating and aerodynamic aldehydes effect which provides a sort of balsamic frosty "glaring" substance, anticipating the glamour talky temperament of many aromatic and balsamic powdery upcoming creations of the current modern market. This nostalgic piece of history deserves respect and I do it even if by its "peaceful" translucent cleanliness it does not fully satisfy my ideal model of naughty, sensual and gorgeous floral femininity.
positive I've read books, and plenty of reviews of this one. I'll start the way these reviews always do, and say this, I can't say anything that hasn't been said.

I adore my vintage versions of this organic liquid. They've taken on a life of their own. I like the androgynous Eau Premiere, the EdT is classic, the extrait is divine, the EdP is a bit heavy (and my least favorite), but I love the masculinity of all of my coveted, hoarded, and much sought after bottles of EdC. I wear the old EdC, and continually baffle people when I respond that it's #5.

There is a #5 for everyone, and, at some point, you'll learn to like at least one of them.
positive One must give Number 5 a good rating.  Who am I to negatively critique a timeless classic?

However, my 83 year-old grandmother wears this scent, and it is perfectly fitting.  Enough said.
positive Chanel # 5 is vivid and bright like a light filled canvas by painted by both Van Goph and Matisse.  Even its shadows  shimmer with the intensity of aldehyde spiral glows but its over all impact is the serenely elegant design of timeless florals that transcend florals or anything else fo earth and nature into a glowing radiance. This is perfumery beyond abstraction.  This is perfumery as effanescent radiance.

Every other one of the 139 reviews posted up to today begin with "I remember my mother wore Chanel # 5."   Chanel # 5 transcends reviews, or fashion.  It is the most popular  perfume of all time.  Its appeal is as close to universal as a thing of the real world can be.  It is not favored by country, social class, or even gender.  It is not really a feminine floral composition.  It is not sweet.  There are myriad masculines sweeter than # 5.  I am a man, and if it were not so perfect and seamless, I would wear it myself.  I am thinking I wil layer it with, perhaps Gurrlain Vetiver, or maybe a smokey Kolnisch Juchten in order to tone down its brilliant radiance.

What I require is a master perfumer to design in some flaws, imperfections, a ragged edge or to so that I could wear it without embarassment to my self, and self image.

My mother also wore it for most of her life.  For women it is both an idealization of what few but a woman who projects like Catherine Deneuve can wear without a kind of dishoesty of projection, and mysteriously, at the same time it can be worn by all the imperfect ladies of the world, for casual as well as formal occasions, and these women will be more assured and comfortable in themselves for wearing it.

In its unitary simplicity, and perfection is its mystery.

As a EDT it is at its most bright and sparkling.  As a EDP Chanel # 5 is more relaxed, and opens more slowly and with more depth but with less definition.  The new Eau Premiere is the vaguest incarnation (designed perhaps for the most immature but most "post modern" purchasers in some strange target group).  Of course, the Parfum Extrait should be the most perfect, unrestrained presentation fo the creation, and it is.

Why Chanel has not taken the recipe and stripped it down with a blemish or two for presentation as a masculin is beyond me.  

In any case, Chanel # 5 is beyond arguing, or reviewing, really.  It is in a class alone.  It knows no category.  It has no competitors.  There is really nothing similar.  And nothing to complain about.  That is sell so well year after decade with such consistency riddles all analysis.

Did I mention my mother wore it?  If it did not stand so alone, I would suggest that it is the mother of all modern perfumes.  However like many perfect examples rare in nature, I do not think # 5 passed on its perfection to any heirs.  We are lucky that it appears to be immortal.


positive I'll re-post my original review for Chanel No.5. And I'll keep on doing it forever. Once again, this is possibly one of the best perfumes ever created but the point within my review is slightly different. I'm trying to focus on the fact that if we all endorse the "best ever" attitude we leave no room for invention, for curiosity, for self expression and we react to other people's opinion just like the world of perfumery reacted when No.5 was originally released. At the time, brands by the likes of Guerlain used to keep the point that using natural ingredients in perfumes, was the only way to guarantee excellance. Then Chanel introduced on the market the first clearly chemical fragrance, declaring they used over 80 aldehydes to create this marvellous composition.

At the time it was absolutely blasphemous from Chanel and the world of perfumery splitted in two parts. On the one side we had those who felt almost offended by No.5, on the other we had people endorsing Chanel's choice realizing that No.5 was a revolutionary landmark in perfumery.

Said that, I'm trying to encourage people to be open minded, and most of all to respect other people's opinion...

Here we go....

Chanel No.5

OK, I know it may sound blasphemous from me (again) but we can't stand this perfume enymore! OK OK OK, it was revolutionary, it was the first floral- aldehydes scent ever created but please, let's go a little bit further now. I've nothing against N.5 that's an ABSOLUTE MASTERPIECE but I'm sick and tired of mid aged ladies wearing this fragrance and thinking this is the only scent available in the whole world.There are no more reasons to exists for Chanel No.5 besides being part of your own collection, but please don't tell me there's anyone still wearing this. Wearing Chanel No.5 in 2011 it's not anymore being elegant and classy...fantasy, please!
positive Always a favorite of my mother.  She has excellent taste in fragrance.  She wore this on special occasions when I was very young, so it has a great nostalgic air for me.  As an adult, I always found it a bit old ladyish, albeit a very sophisticated, moneyed old lady.  I recently found an old bottle at the Goodwill for 50 cents, which is probably around what it cost in 1921...well, maybe not.  Wearing it now, I find it an acquired taste, which I'm rapidly acquiring.  It's still so strangely modern; yet old fashioned at the same time.  It works a seductive spell and conjures the time in which it was created.  And still has so much to say about today.  How can you beat that? That old bottle I found is vintage and the "cologne" version.  I find it very soft.  Based on some of the reviews here, the greater concentrations seem like they're a totally different animal.  An old she cat in heat it sounds like.  But I like my little bottle of cologne.  There's an old commercial on Youtube of Catherine Deneuve for Chanel No. 5.  She says "cologne" in a French accent that makes it sound like she just invented the word.  I fell in love with her long ago.  Right now,  I'm falling in love with Chanel No. 5
positive How can I hate Chanel No. 5?  That opening aldehyde blast and bouquet of balsamic flowers to me, is sweet - in a good way, sweet like honey.  This is a perfume whose scent is instantly recognizable for me.  While No. 5 isn't my favorite Chanel fragrance, I still enjoy it and find it pleasant, and it *is* a Chanel, so I really have no complaints.  If I have a sweet tooth, I wouldn't reach for a "gourmand", I'd reach for this.  It's comforting and delectable, but never cloying or unpleasant.
positive This is the smell of a gorgeous, rich, sexy lady. A masterpiece. No more words.
positive This is a wonderful fragrance.  It reminds me of crisp winter days - and nights, of Christmas (first had it as a Christmas present), frosty February walks and meals out at Easter.  I like its sweetness but then I really dislike fruity perfumes.  I always want to own and wear this and it's fantastic that previous generations of women have enjoyed it too.  I don't think this has to make it an old lady's perfume or that anyone should use the term old lady in a negative way.  We are all maturing and mature is still feminine just as this fragrance is. Chanel No 5 is quite simply a beautiful classic fragrance to be enjoyed by anyone.
positive I love the Edp....Its stronger and richer than the Edt. But I have to admit, I acquired a taste for this (or smell, if you will) and also, since I purchased this on Ebay, I am not sure how old it is. I have a new bottle that was purchased and they both have a similar smell so I would say its fresh and vintage. One thing I have learned, if you buy a vintage perfume, you should buy a perfume that is either in dark container or a perfume that has been stored in its own box. They keep well that way and won't smell like alchohol. Anyway back to No 5. I feel this is a safe fragrance. I have some that would probably offend some one who can't stand fragrance at work. Cathedral, by Bpal is one. I absolutely adore this incensey perfume oil, but I could see someone &%$@#ing about it at work. Don't you hate that?? So go lightly. Also I seen the movie "Coco before Chanel" which is all in French and you have to read it, but it is really good. I came to appreciate Chanel and all her earlier fragrances after seeing this movie. She was a conservative in the way she liked to dress. Sometimes at work I liked to dress somewhat "manly" I call it. Dress pants, vest, tie, jacket and victorian boots witha low heel. Oh and a watch and fob. With Chanel no 5 to complete the look. Yeah. 
positive So well blended that it's nearly impossibly to pick apart notes. This here is the epitome of a woman's perfume, this is what perfume is, plain and simple.
positive I've had this bottle since late 80's and never really liked the scent on me but tried it again a few days ago and wow I think I'm in love.  I never remembered the smell to be so soft and elegant just beautiful.  I'm thinking it's time to re-visit some of my other oldies maybe they'll take my breath away too.
positive Marylin Monroe once said,"just a few drops of Chanel No.5 Perfume." In my eyes, Chanel is really charming and anazing.
positive My skin chemistry, always unpredictable and capricious, has changed so much that I've learned to be very cautious about re-discovering scents I haven't worn since 1967.So I was delighted to find that Beauty Encounter would, for $25, send me a little 5-pack, with parfum, EDP, EDT, and a couple of the variants.It was with great hope but also trepidation that I dabbed on a few drops of the EDP. Would it smell awful on me now? Or smell great and disappear in 20 minutes? Fresh from similar disappointments at other Fragrance Reunions, I held my breath for a second,  then realized that holding one's breath is probably not the best strategy for assessing the reaction of a perfume to how kind or cruel the years have been to that complex, ever-evolving  biochemical Party In My Epidermis.I inhaled. "You haven't changed a bit!" gushed No 5. What a relief! I was able to return the compliment sincerely.The evening was warm, and I just sat and let it continue to look at me for a while. It walked around in a circle, looking thoughtful, a finger on one cheek."Actually," it purred, "You are even more fabulous than ever!"I sniffed. This was true! The aldehydes that some of the young folks perecive as being "old lady," or "chemical," had rushed in, exclaimed a hurried greeting, and dashed off to confuse the neighbor's plump Fluff-Cat, enjoying its nightly role in the tangled pile of catmint we let spread out between a couple of spindly "show roses" specifically for its amusement.Almost immediately, something citrusy - neroli, maybe? - emitted a brief fanfare then stepped aside, and to my surprise, ylang-ylang glided in, one delicate hand draped across the arm of a handsome sandalwood escort."Yes," they nodded to me, then to each other, and then to the air, "we're going steady!"After they had waltzed around for about an hour, sandalwood stepped away to get ylang-ylang some punch, and she leaned over, and whispered to me from behind her fluttering fan, "it's serious."Sure enough, sandalwood returned with the punch, and playfully tossed a cupful into my face. "The same jasmine as always," sandalwood called over his shoulder, as he danced away with ylang-ylang.As they came back around, flushed and laughing, ylang-ylang fluttered her fan again. "You know he spiked it," she confided. "Yeah, with that baby vetiver," I retorted, drawing in a long slow breath, to catch a here-now-gone-now whiff of it. "But you love it anyway," sandalwood winked, and he and his new girlfriend settled down beside me, in a rustle of taffeta, to enjoy the rest of the evening, now and then refilling our punch cups and flicking droplets out into the night, to the delight of the aldehyde-addled Fluff-Cat, who was as enchanted as we all were by the gentle fireflies of something mysterious from a summer garden that twinkled like stars around us.
positive Weeks ago I smelled an extremely expensive parfum (amuage dia) and it reminded me so much of n. 5 chanel. Then I went again to smell what was remaining of my bottle of n. 5 and I realized how good, feminine, clear and deep at the same time this classic is ... And in the past I dismissed it because too many women used it! how wrong I was!
positive It has taken me many tries to appreciate the complexity of this classic scent. Given it as a gift when I reached 40, no other perfume says sophisticated aldehyde like this one. It's the aromatic of classy grandmothers, those former flappers shopping at stately hotel boutiques, and in the basements of expensive department stores.  It's never out of fashion with die hards. It is very difficult to get past the "old lady" first impression of baby powder, alcohol, tuber rose for the first few uses. It feels like a maturity branding, with a hint of golf mornings and mothballed closets. Then, a blast of more youthful peach and orange as it dries down on skin, and then it's like a window opens and night jasmine breezes in for a sweet yet intoxicating finish that forces a return again and again, as if hypnotized, in a determination to reinvent this scent for yourself.  The secret to this classic's success is that while you may be on the fence about it for yourself, kicking and screaming into middle age, it has its desired effect on your partner. For me, it took a dozen wearings to know what it was about. It's about creating a specific mood, and as such I use it sparingly. 
positive What can I say?! N°5 is, and will always be, THE classic.I own the 80s Eau de Parfum, which fits my bombasticpersonality best ... God Bless the House of Chanel!
positive  "Every man alive loves Chanel 5!"
positive Why N5 is still a great perfume after all these years??? Cuz is feminine and soft like a Sunset heaven Talc Powder..Firth of all the Neroli, Ylang Ylang and the lemon make a beautiful combination.. And then the Lily of valley, the rose and jasmine.. is just perfect.. some of the most beautiful flowers..And then the Sandalow, patchulie and vertiver puts a lot of personality to close this fragance, these three elements are strong but combined with all that beautiful flowers make a perfect balance...Chanel N5 smeel like old lady??? I pray to god that my grandmother could smells as well as N°5!!! 
positive My body chemistry has changed a lot. This used to smell shrill and sour to me, but I tried it a few weeks ago, and my head almost exploded trying to comprehend its beauty. Fresh, effervescent, a sun-bleached clean. I'm still getting over how good this stuff is. I get the "classic" thing now, oh yes. I see a few reviews complaining that the fragrance is such an institution that it wears them, and I can see that point of view. But Chanel 5, baby, you can wear me anytime.
positive This is a review for chanel no 5 pure parfum:Absolutely gorgeous fragrance. the first fragrance that actually works on my skin. I tried dozens of perfume and nothing ever works well until i tried no 5 pure parfum. I was skeptical of course because i tried the EDT and EDP version and they didn't work. EDT was awful on me and EDP smelled like toilet cleaner in the beginning although it softens later on. But I heard a review about the pure parfum and i thought i'll give it a go. I had to actually asked the sales person to let me try on the parfum because they don't have them on display. It smelled lovely from beginning till the dry down. My fiance loves it too. He loves to smell me when i wear it. It's a very wearable fragrance.I could actually smell the jasmine in the pure parfum (i can't smell them on EDT or EDP). After few hours, the parfum turns so soft and very lovely. The key is to dab them on the pulse points though. We don't want to smother other people with too much smell.I recently ordered the vintage version (old formula) of no 5 and can't wait to find out the difference!!!
positive The EDT- sparkling aldehydes. lighter ,airy but so beautiful .I don't know why but an image of beautiful cut crystal with sunlight refracting through it, comes to my mind whenever I test and and sniff the EDT . It is joyous and uplifting ,smells glamorous .The EDP - obviously denser, created by Jacques Polge in the 1980s. This version of No.5 has its merits- it still retains the gloriously feminine bewitching No.5 aroma but it has more ylang ylang in it ,on my skin . Although the EDP starts strong it is actually subtle and soft and lasts a good few hours.The Parfum extrait- all the concentrations of No.5 are different animals from each other. The extrait is an animal apart ! It's simply perfection .Just beautifully done classic french perfume. Real perfume.A light fresh start and then I get the most glorious Grasse jasmine which I just have to inhale before its gone . It's extremely well done,well blended perfume- I can only pick out the lovely jasmine in it.  It's warm ,subtle,melds with your skin , deep ,a delicious floral aroma, a little animalistic too .It's not terribly tenacious on me but then again, not much is. It lasts a few hours .Truly wonderful stuff.Honestly , if I can always afford it, I will only ever buy the extrait again, otherwise the EDT will do fine too. There is nothing wrong with the EDP but it's too 80s in style maybe ?? Eau Premiere- I am one of those people who really did not see the need for 'yet another' No.5 version. It's good jus but frankly No.5 was doing pretty well on its own .I don't dislike the jus but I would much rather have the extrait or EDT.I do not know whether the extrait has been reformulated- I know Chanel said something about No.5 not needing reformulation because it already met standards. At this point, it's probably irrelevant. The new extrait I have smells wonderful. I can sincerely enjoy it as No.5 . I know most people know the aroma of No.5 .If you ask the person on the street to think of one perfume- it would probably be No.5 - it is such an institution but I think they have mostly smelt the EDT and EDP on people and in stores. The extrait really is somewhat different. Definitely sample the extrait before you dismiss this perfume as 'old lady' ,'cat's pee' or whatever else, stereotypical, that comes to mind. There is a good reason why this perfume is known as 'le monster' and has endured through so many decades.
positive This is one definitely deserves a spot in the 'wonders of the world' line up.A heavenly classic...a  perfumery legend. 
positive I'm 20 and this is my go-to day time scent. Why? Because, on me, the EDT disappears after 10 minutes hovering very close to my skin. I have to literally have my nose against my wrist to smell it. Only when I sweat do I start smelling really good. Gross? yes. But then, who doesn't want to smell like jasmine and sandalwood and vanilla after they run up 5 flights of stairs? 
positive We cannot have a discussion of No, 5 without memories!  This was the perfume my mother loved, my aunt hated and I have now come to love.  It is so distinct, the essence of elegance and feminity which transcends the generations.  I have a small bottle of pure parfum which has lasted several years.  It is not my signature scent; alas, Chanel is so distinct it puts its signature on the wearer rather than the reverse.  

negative My mother was a great fan of No.5 (also Mitsouko and Joy), but although I grew to love the others I have never been comfortable with No.5, it may be a masterpiece & one of the Greatest Fragrances of All Time but it will never be part of my wardrobe.I have always found the brilliance and strength of the aldehydes like an 'icepick between the eyes', as Luca Turin said of some fragrance he didn't like.  Maybe I'm hyperosmic to aldehydes, as I react in a similar way to other fragrances that have a high aldehyde content (I even find the top note of  31 Rue Cambon a bit headache-inducing, although the drydown is fine) but whatever the reason this one is not for me.
negative I recently gave Chanel #5 a sniff at the local department store. I had high hopes for this because I know how Chanel #5 is regarded. As soon as I sniffed it I became really disappointed because it smelled like an old lady. Chanel Coco Mademoiselle smells really great but this one (Chanel #5) is just horrible. I can't imagine any modern/young lady wearing this stuff let alone paying the retail for it. I rate this one a 2. Even White Diamonds smell better then this.
negative Oh my. I don't know what it is about this perfume.. maybe the aldehydes paired with roses but I can't handle this smell. I know it is classic and I wanted to like it. But every time I smell this, it reminds me of an "old lady". Not classy, just old.So overpowering sweet and aldehydic, just nauseating to me. As much as I adore Coco M, I am complete polar opposite to No 5.

neutral I believe that it takes a very brave person to say they don't like Chanel No.5. Unfortunately all I get from this fragrance is powder and soap. The Chanel sales assistant told me that my skin chemistry went well with this perfume and although I agreed that I enjoyed it to a certain extent, I know I won't be adding No. 5 to my wishlist.

Perhaps it is my young age that makes me dislike most Chanel fragrances, but I respect them for being universally recognised and incredibly popular. This fragrance is very dependant on a person with the right skin chemistry, sophistication, class and maturity. On the wrong person it could be a disaster.


neutral I used to wear No5 during the early 80s, when I thought it was wonderful. Though I usually wore the Parfum strength, I liked the Eau de Cologne (which had a more noticable rose note) for summer. The EDC has now been discontinued, along with some wonderful bath products. Strangely, the EDP (which was released in the UK in the late 80s, at the same time the EDC was discontinued) goes to nothing on me within 20 minutes of putting it on, even though the EDT lasts for a few hours. I have not smelled the Eau Premier, and am not in a great hurry to.No 5 is a strongly aldehydic mixture of rose, jasmine, musk and sprices (not dissimilar to Coty's L'Aiment and Givenchy's L'Interdit); it developed into rich and heavy scent, which I kept for special occasions. It's quite difficult to describe exactly what No5 smells like, as the aldehyde changes the other ingredients drastically. Once smelled though, you'll remember it.Today, though I do not dislike No5, it has not aged well (I feel the last 20 years have not been very kind to No5), and is actually a rather boring fragrance (especially when compared to the largely discontinued No22). Not a fragrance I am likely to buy again.
neutral I actually find it quite boring and passé. It’s like a safe bet. Sure your mother in law will love it, but who wants mother in law approval? I rather misbehave with something more complex and unexpected. 
positive A rather antiquated opening of aldehydes and neroli which doesn't quite score with my nose. While the progression is expectedly complex, NO.5 grows so powdery that I get the impression of being in a cloud of talcum powder. Still I must say this is a sophisticated fragrance which should be experienced from afar because up close, the wrinkles start to show, revealing No.5's true age. But when the drydown appears I find myself eating my own words and appreciating why screen siren Marilyn Monroe wore No.5 exclusively to bed... *** This review is of the parfum, circa 2009 ***
positive I am currently wearing the EDT on one wrist and the EDP on the other. They smell like completely different fragrances on me!EDT: aldehydes and peach sparkle. It takes much longer to get to the drydown than the EDP, seeming like the summer version. I never smell just the heart of the flowers in the EDT-it has quite a zing all the way down. Reminds me of how Le Dix is so aldehyde-y (but with violets). I wore this in high school but I don't remember the peach. The never ending reformulation speculation continues...EDP: My current #5 preference.  This is how rose and jasmine are DONE. The top is much less intense, and is dries down quickly to a lush, slightly sweet, soft floral, with powdery woods.  This is what I imagine fields in Grasse to smell like through an open window in a quaint cottage.  I do not find it "too classy", "old fashioned", "too dressed up", etc.  I could wear this anytime, anywhere and feel lovely.  This scent is ALIVE!  With all of the "new-modern" roses comming out (YSL, D&G) I am hoping that #5 gets revisited.
positive I am currently wearing the EDT on one wrist and the EDP on the other. They smell like completely different fragrances on me!EDT: aldehydes and peach sparkle. It takes much longer to get to the drydown than the EDP, seeming like the summer version. I never smell just the heart of the flowers in the EDT-it has quite a zing all the way down. Reminds me of how Le Dix is so aldehyde-y (but with violets). I wore this in high school but I don't remember the peach. The never ending reformulation speculation continues...EDP: My current #5 preference.  This is how rose and jasmine are DONE. The top is much less intense, and is dries down quickly to a lush, slightly sweet, soft floral, with powdery woods.  This is what I imagine fields in Grasse to smell like through an open window in a quaint cottage.  I do not find it "too classy", "old fashioned", "too dressed up", etc.  I could wear this anytime, anywhere and feel lovely.  This scent is ALIVE!  With all of the "new-modern" roses comming out (YSL, D&G) I am hoping that #5 gets revisited.
positive This is for the EDT formulation, circa 2009:At first spritz I get fantastic aldehydes infused seamlessly with neroli and bergamot. A peach note is there as well. The peach is peachy-fruit, not peachy-sweet/predictable. This is infused with a pleasurable iris note. Beautiful rich Grasse jasmine comes to the fore and lingers and permeates into the woods below.Much later in the dry down I get a friendly and beautifully warm creaminess of sandalwood, vetiver, amber, oak moss, patchouli and nicely done vanilla. There are other things as well but I cannot quite tease them out. I can still detect that beautiful Grasse jasmine. I am really enjoying the character of the base, with the longevity enduring well into the next day. This abstract scent is thoroughly enchanting and never tires.If you are a fan of the Parfum formulation but until now, never understood how the two could smell of such different eras (Parfum 1920s, EDT 1950s/1960s), I strongly recommend a revisit. It’s clear that the EDT has been faithfully restored to the spirit of the original Parfum. I now consider this a long-term keeper.This is for the Parfum formulation:Sharper, richer aldehydes and neroli are immediate and engaging. The heady neroli and aldehyes are infused with a bergamot note. Rich Grasse jasmine begins to gain your attention and increases in richness. The neroli and aldehydes are seeping seamlessly through the jasmine and rose below it. The neroli and iris are still linking throughout.In the dry down I get a similar experience to the current formulation of No 5 EDT (see above) but more tightly structured and richer. There is also a hint of the rich neroli experienced earlier. One difference though is that the longevity of the Parfum formulation on me is fleeting and am left wondering where this enchanting scent has gone. I am grateful that this masterpiece has endured time and fad to be enjoyed today as it was intended.
positive I adored this smell.  My nose isn't very developed yet, so all I can say is that I smell the card with its scent repeatedly. I keep it in my desk at work.  Unfortunately, I could hardly smell it on myself, which makes me so sad. Not worth spending the money if I can't smell it!  Eau Premiere was more noticeable on me, so that's where my money will go.
positive this is a masterpiece... And unforgettable, elegance, classic, sexy fragrance.. if you appreciate good fragrances, so you will like this... a must have, specially for night outs...
positive While No. 5 is not my favorite fragrance, or even my favorite Chanel, I admire the way the slightly fruity aldehydes blends with the florals to float over the powder notes, themselves over soft woods, and possibly a buried hint of leather or warm skin. And while it does not project loudly nor build quickly, the perfume does embrace quite a bit of space over time. Perhaps another hallmark of just how well No. 5 was executed? This is good stuff. As dated as Chanel No. 5 may seem to some, I think it (the perfume at least) truly is suitable for women of nearly any age. Some men may find it easier to wear than some of the more omnisex Guerlains.  
positive This review is going to deal with the Parfum No. 5. I have sampled all the concentration so far - EdT, EdP and Eau Premiere, but I think the true, original formula deserves to be reviewed first.First of all, I am very delighted to possess the parfum. It smells history (whatever this means). I do not intend to write anything ground-breaking about No. 5 since in its nearly 90 years of being everything has been said. I would just like to sum up impressions on it, sort of verification. The parfum opens in a fresh, eau-de-cologne manner but definately thicker!, and I find it very delicious. It is lemony and clean, and since I recently smelled pure oil of ylang-ylang, I can say that there is ylang-ylang too. Not much later the jasmine-rose mix emerges. It is simply fantastic and gets dirtier with time. That is because of the jasmine. I do not know how a Mai rose (the sort used in No. 5) smells, it is said to be lighter than a Bulgarian rose. Going further towards the drydown the parfum gets more filthy. I find this stage at times stunning, at other times I am not very comfortable about it. But this can be the skin chemistry. The only disadvantage for me seems the sillage. After about 3 hours I am not sure whether there is still something of No. 5 on me. Now I would like to say something about the colourful imageries about fragrances, in particular about No. 5. People say it smells of minks, pearls and so on... Well, this is a very personal interpretation, and do not expect, you will be covered with a mink coat after dabbing No. 5. Therefore I support a "neutral" kind of describing a scent. Comparisons with mink are truly amusing, but it does not contribute to your own perception! After all, the juice within the bottle is what counts. And since not many of us have had the opportunity to smell an absolute of Mai rose or real Sandalwood, I find it even more difficult to rely on a particular review. What I can highly appreciate about No. 5 is that it seems to perfectly match the idea of Mlle Chanel - No. 5 is a clean (meaning not cloying) parfum spreading the smell of no particular flower - this blurred smell is due to the aldehydes. The second advantage is the highly acclaimed quality of the ingredients in No. 5. I blindly take it for granted (at this stage) and feel happy about it. Last words - 5 stars for No. 5!
positive I am a big aldehyde lover, and am always very sad that I just can't make No 5 work for me - something in the drydown sours on my skin, particularly in the edt, which I prefer over the edp. The opening of the edt is glorious, and shows why No 5 is such a timeless and iconic classic.  The edt and edp are different fragrances, though still with the characteristic No 5 scent. The edp tends to smell a bit more synthetic than the edt.  I am able to wear the lotion and cream though, which keeps a sublte No 5 aroma without causing the problems in the drydown. Sometimes I layer the No 5 lotion with No 5 eau Premier, which works nicely.  I highly recommend testing to find out which version works best. For me, thankfully, I can at least  wear the eau Premier version which is great in its own right. Unlike others I am not turned off by the fantastic aldehyde opening, but just something in the drydown.
positive If you don't understand the alure of No. 5, try it more than one time. Spray it far away and walk through. (Fresh, just took a shower) Spray right on the wrist and let it dry. (Sweeter, rich ) Dab on the wrist and rub around a bit. (Clean and green) It can be different every way. It took me 4 wearings to understand. Now I love it. EDT.
positive Chanel No. 5 is beautiful, classy, feminine, and sophisticated. It's one of the few fragrances that never feels vulgar. It's never overpowering, out of place, or distracting. On the other hand, you have its age and its popularity with all ages of women. Most men have an aunt, a mother, a grandmother who smelled like this in their youth. No matter how great this perfume smells on you, if you remind him of his mother, the relationship is a no-go. Fortunately my husband didn't have any relatives who wore No. 5 and it's one of his favorites. He can't keep his hands off me when I wear this. I suppose that's the point, but it probably wouldn't be my first choice. It's a little too safe. As I said before, there's nothing wrong with No. 5, but it doesn't excite me. The scent brings to mind a proper socialite wearing the classic Chanel suit with her heirloom pearls. Very classic. Very safe. It's up to you to decide if that's a good thing.
positive My lover was sweet and gorgeous but I was young and foolish and I decided I wanted something more.  I abandoned my lover and started on a series of short affairs: Ma Griffe,   Je Reviens, L’Air du Temps, and a couple of longer-lasting affairs: Ysatis before (I swear) they changed it, and Rive Gauche, for whom I still have very warm feelings.But lately I again wanted something new, exciting, different.  I embarked on a search but modern lovers are shallow, fickle, changeable,  cheap.  So I returned to my first love.  And as soon as I sprayed it on I relaxed. I had come home.  I was loved.  I was myself. I’m sorry, I’m sorry.   I’ll never leave you again, dear, darling, No 5.
positive I got this sample just because it IS such a legendary fragrance, I felt I was obligated to know what it smelled like, especially since aldehydes can't really be compared to anything I would have smelled. First sniff: I'm instantly 4 years old standing in my grandma's bedroom smelling her very slim perfume collection.  I'm smelling something so unfamiliar that my yet-developing senses have firmly established the bond; THIS is what perfume smells like.  Strong, elegant, complex, everything I admired about my very ladylike and exceedingly lovely grandmother.  And the "soap" smell that everyone mentions underscores the whole concept.  This scent is clean, not in a light gentle way, but in a scrubbed-as-only-your-grandmother-would-wash-you kinda way.  The kind of overprotective sanitizing that will remove any and all contaminants with very strong soap, leaving you as respectable as your grandmother can make a very messy 4 year old.  And then she'll beam at your radiant cleanliness and hug you tight, and you realize you smell just like her, in all her glory.
positive A perfect example of sleek, coherent  Art Deco aesthetics in every way. So seemless, polished and smooth that it feels altogether from another world. You really can't add or subtract anything from this. Hype doesn't survive this long.
positive After many wearings it finally happened. I bought a mini of the parfum and the angels trumpeted from the heavens! Okay, a bit of an overstatement, but like a number of others have pointed out, the concentrations are different and the parfum is the charm for me. It's not the aldehydes that made me shy away from other concentrations. I adore them in so many other perfumes, particularly in Chanels. The parfum simply has a richness that smooths everything out. The aldehydes are a bit muted, the floral heart notes seem to blend more thoroughly and the ambery, slightly animalic base is perfectly warm and sensual. 
positive As this is such an iconic fragrance I tried it in my twenties, but it didn't appeal to me.  Then in my mid-twenties, a friend gave me an EdT splash, a large bottle, and although I wore it and tried to like it, the fragrance and my olfactory senses were not compatible so I gave it to my mother.Before my husband and I were married, he came out to join me on holiday in Lindos, Rhodes and in the airport duty free shop debated which fragrance to buy me.  He was advised to buy Chanel No. 5 as "it's a classic".  He didn't think it was quite me and always felt that way until today.  I was recently given a sample of No.5 eau Premiere and I liked it, but it made me want to try the original.  So this afternoon I tried No.5 EdP on my left wrist and No.5 eau Premiere on my right then I did the Pepsi test on my husband.  Initially he preferred the Eau Premiere, but as time wore on and we had walked outside of the mall I asked him to try them again and he & I both preferred the orginal Chanel No.5.There's nothing more I can add to what's already been written about Chanel No.5, it is indeed something I could wear continuously, it's a fragrance that can be worn whatever the weather / season / occasion. On my skin it eventually turns warm and spicy,but as I sniff closer to my wrist there's a hint of green that creeps to the front and grows stronger as I inhale - this is the same scent that is more prevalent in the Eau Premiere.Anyway, on my 36th birthday I finally fell in love with Chanel No.5, long may it last! 
positive Hell has frozen over. I never thought I'd say this, but I love Chanel No. 5. Between reading books on the history of fragrance and reading reviews on Basenotes I am learning a lot and that has been instrumental in opening my mind (and my nose ) up to things. I was always puzzled by the populatity of Chanel No. 5, but I didn't want to give up on it. Periodically I would go to my perfume stash over the years and spritz on some Ch5 from the refillable EDT atomizer my mother had given me years ago, and each and every time, the opening blast of aldehydes would repell me and I would run to scrub it off. Then about a month ago I deceided I was going to get to the bottom of this Ch5 thing once and for all by trying various strengths and vintages of the scent. I already had the EDT (from the early 1990's), then discovered I had an EDP (new) strength among my many perfume samples. All I needed now was a vintage pure parfum. I managed to get my hands on a half of a half oz. vintage bottle (from the 50's judging from the stopper' shape). From what I read, it was Chanel's intent to have a perfume that did not smell like any particular flower or any other immediately recognizable thing. She desired something that was more of an abstract scent, free of perconceived associations, something that was it's own thing. As a painter I immediately understood that and proceeded to test all 3 versions of the scent with that in mind. I started with the EDT which I had had the longest. This time I waited patiently for the strongly aldehydic phase to wear away and was surprised to discover subtle leathery and animalic notes (does anyone else get that leather note?), that I absolutely love, in the drydown. Wow!. Next I tried the newer EDP. Interestingly, I detected a slight "fruity" note leaving me to wonder if this newest version had been slightly reformulated to satisfy the trend for scents with fruit notes. Last, I tried the pure parfum. That's the one that did it fro me. I don't know if time has mellowed the blast of aldehydes, or what, I just know that this version is beautiful from start to finish. The notes are blended so well that I can't single anything out. It is just it's own beautiful thing that changes and surprises me the whole time I'm wearing it. I love layering the EDT with the pure parfum. Not surprising, the new EDP is my least favorite of the three. I understand now why Marilyn Monroe would wear Ch5 to bed: when you smell your wrist in the morning, there are no words to describe how pretty that last faint trace of this scent is. There is nothing "old lady" about this as far as I'm concerned. In fact, I have no idea of what certain reviewers mean when they describe something as smelling of "old lady" and even though I'm not an old lady, I still find it limited and insulting. Do they mean smelling of a "classic scent"? Because that's the way I take it. I know that when some one says this about a scent, they mean it as a negative. However, I take it as a positive, and a cue that the scent they are describing is probably as far from a cheap, trendy, Paris Hilton or Britney Spears tooty-fruity gourmand as you can get.I can now see why Ch5 has been around for almost 90 years and will probably be around for 90 more. Thanks Basenoters for helping me to discover this gem!
positive Just a few drops of Chanel No.5...It is all you need.  
positive I could not resist getting this classic. I purchased a mini of the parfum after watching the Chanel bio-pic that was on a few months ago. I've always been drawn to Chanel's philsophy "simplicity is elegance". No. 5 does just that. A simple and elegant baby powder floral.  I actually wore this on my skin, dry men's skin, and it smells wonderful. Some would say "old lady" just because now the elderly wear it because they wore it when they were teenagers! Teenagers now can wear it but I suppose they are too used to dousing themselves in perfume to understand only a dab of No. 5 is all you need. If you smell it directly from the bottle or from the atomizer on a sprayer, you do not get anything as remarkable as you would on skin.Beautiful and timeless.
positive My mom and my dad's cousin used to wear this incessantly as I was growing up.  I hated it and thought it smelled totally over-the-hill.  In my early twenties, I launched a full scale offensive that ultimately got my mother into more "up-to-date" perfumes.  I'm now on the wrong side of thirty-five and recently smelled No. 5 again.  I found myself saying, "Y'know, this isn't half bad..."    I'm officially old.
positive No.5 EDT and No.5 Eau Premiere Comparison (see No.5 Eau Premiere for an extended review which includes more about EP)Left arm: Chanel No.5 Eau PremiereRight arm: Chanel No.5 EDTI own No.5, and received a healthy sized sample of Eau Premiere from the SA at Macy's. My No.5 is relatively new, so I am sure it is the latest formulation.Upon initial application, the main distinction seems to be a vast difference in the amount of aldehydes. The Eau Premiere does have a bit of waxyness (which I am sure is also from aldehydes), but it is not the extreme level that No.5 has. Also, since the aldehydic blast is less severe in EP, some fruit and floral notes are a bit more apparent.About 10 minutes in...the aldehydes have mostly burned off in the No.5 and are now down to a more approachable level, and ironically is less waxy than EP. The peach and white floral are coming through, along with a hint of spicyness. I cannot detect any peach in the EP. Right now it smells like a rather straight white floral with a hint of spice, and the waxy aldehyde still present. It definitely smells more "clean and modern", but so far is not as interesting as No.5. I am wondering if this really is just a No.5 without the aldehydes--any real differences are incredibly subtle.About 30 minutes in...the No.5 has settled into its typical peach, floral, spicy skin scent (beautiful, as always). The EP still is a bit waxy, but the spicyness is coming through more. I still do not smell any peach, but rather a rubbery synthetic note (latex-like), and some light powder.It will be interesting to see how these two wear on through the day. I can see that I might want a FB of the Eau Premiere, especially if it has decent longevity. It is definitely very "wearable". I am just not sure it has the same classic beauty of the original No.5. And owning a bottle of No.5 means I may have less of a sense of urgency about owning the EP.
positive There is a reason this is a classic. It's not inaccessible in any way. It's lovely & light yet rich & classy. Men adore it. Women want to be your friend when you wear it. & it only gets better as time goes on. It's perfect for work....& it's Chanel!Don't make the beginners mistake of smelling this out of the bottle or even on paper. It won't give you a migraine; just spray it right on your arm.

negative I really don't know how this managed to be this elevated gem, this oh so celebrated equivalent of class and all things beatutiful and high culture.It REEKS of old people and urine. This is the smell that lingers on crazy cat ladies when they go to but their cats' canned food. Maybe it's the aldehydes, i don't know, but it assaults my nose so rudely and even leaves sour aftertaste in my mouth, just from smelling it.This is so vile and offensive and suffocating even the smallest drop will sink into you, your clothes, your furniture, your car and everyone around you too, for good measure, and will stay there for several days. If you like this, by all means be my guest. Just don't come near me.
negative I sooo wanted to like this perfume but unfortunately it's way too plastic and synthetic smelling for me. It reminds me of the smell of old plastic lawn chairs left out in the sun too long. The flowery notes are too brief and I can not detect any woodiness at all.
negative All I can smell is bug spray.  Like the exterminator was just here.  For four hours straight, in the pure parfum concentration.  Please don't let this stop you from trying from trying this classic scent.  But if you do smell bug spray or any other weirdness, try Guerlain's Liu.  It's a beautiful floral aldehyde that's not from the House of Chanel.  Not that I'm hating!  Cuir de Russie is beautiful.  Just not No. 5.  Not to me, anyway.

neutral This smells like my grandma, which is okay, but I would never wear it myself. The good news is that it is long lasting!
neutral Loved it when I was in college, but now it no longer suits me. It is very complex, with many notes.  I love the scent when it comes from the bottle, but not on my skin. 
neutral My mom got this as a present and she is (thankfully, for me) allegic to fragrance - they make her head spin, she says. So I gladly took this one from her. Well, that's the good part. The bad part is I didn't like it. I wanted to like it. After all it is Chanel No. 5. The Classic. The Timeless. But why??? I didn't hate it, but I didn't see what I was supposed to like, either. To me it was just a strong, aldehyde fragrance. And I do not even like the word aldehyde. Doesn't it sound (and smell) artificial? If you must try it once in your life - if you just can't pass up on that fame - get the smallest bottle you can find. 
neutral When I turn 50, I will wear this everyday.It just smells too "old lady" for me currently.
neutral Ah Chanel No. 5...I so much wanted to hate this, to just pan it, give it a great big thumbs down.  Chanel is just so boring.  I knew this fragrance wouldn't suit me from the get go, knew this innately before I ever even smelled it.  Ergo, this is my first review of something I sampled that I knew just had no possibility of ever being in my wardrobe.  I brought a decant of EdP home last night, and as my husband and I smelled it straight from the vial, we were both reminded of every octogenarian's home we'd ever been in.  I applied it to my skin for the first time this morning.I'll start by mentioning the aldehydes, which I actually kind of like.  They're kind of cool and interesting, and I was disappointed when they left and their replacements gave me a headache for half an hour.  Even so, this headache-inducing middle is pretty.  There's this thing I couldn't put my finger on, kept sniffing my wrist trying to get it and irritated that it was eluding me, when it hit me-- soap.  Just like everyone else got.  Not bad soap, but soap, nonetheless.  Why?  Why does this legendary, classic, timeless work of art in a bottle smell like soap??!?  Please.  It lasted two and a half hours at best on my skin, but I can't say I hated it.  It was fine.  Headache not withstanding, it is pleasant and pretty.  Second application of the day conjures up that pink Johnson & Johnson baby lotion.  Nice, clean, unobtrusive, uninteresting.  And I have to ask-- if it wasn't Chanel, would anyone care?
positive I adore Hypnotic Poison and find it addictive and irresistible. Reminds me of a dark, lightly spiced, and very sweet root beer. One of my favorite sweeter, foodier scents which is not normally my go-to type of scent. Feels heavy like a rich dessert after a big meal— satisfying— for relaxing and languishing, not a daytime/workday scent in my opinion. Not as heavy and heady as Addict. Absolutely delectable!! Very long lasting as well. Can smell it on my throw pillow after sampling it last night. Have wanted a full bottle for awhile now. Awesome, beautiful bottle, too. Yum!!!! 
positive Hypnotic Poison - Dior
A perfume wrapped in an ultra-soft and smooth-velvety plucheness, round, thick and so smooth, you actually wanna stroke and hug it- extremely comfortable as it is. It delivers straight off the bat with a fresh not-sour 'blackberry on cocosnut'  tonality that quickly blows up big and soft like an aircushion. Violet-leaf, helitrope, lactonic-vanilla, indolic-jasmine on musk, and a slight smoky, clean (ceder)wood with hot-rubbery and camphorous undertones of burlap, create a very harmonious and very recognizable scent-profile full of personality and character. Extremely well blended, it feels like the accelerarion of a Bentley, effortless but very high performance at the same time. A classic.
positive Sweet almond; almost cherry-like accord.  Slight cookie spice.  Booze-like.  Sweet jasmine note.  Sweet woody note.  Spicy vanilla musk.  Girly-girl.

The almond with its marzipan-like accord, lasts for quite some time.  That, is a lovely aspect.  A definite gourmand perfume, in my mind.  Not what I expected.  I prefer the original Poison.
positive I compared Hypnotic Poison and Kenzo Amour wrist by wrist. Yes, the openings of both do share some similarity. I feel adding some rice and a little spice, the vanilla and coconut opening of HP can pass like Amour.

Then they evolve differently. HP does remind me strongly of Play-Doh. I was almost shocked to find it realisitic to that point. Might be the vanilla-almond-coconut combo? It's a little funny to my nose, though I don't think it's the right emotional response to be expected.

Then come jasmine and tuberose. At this stage, I can feel the feminity and the romance throughout the fragrance. However, I really should have put only one spritz. Two are already too much. For the subtlety of the flowers, I have to stick my wrist to my nose, while the strong powdery and sweet vanilla is still dominant and floating in the air.

The longevity is excellent and the sillage can reach far even with two spritzes. I can feel the coziness when it's calmed down. It's really a pity that I should have been more careful while spraying. And don't forget it's a very sweet vanilla scent. Just don't make the same mistake as me.
positive This is by far my signature scent.  I love how you can distinctively detect every single note,  while it blends together perfectly.  Its one of those unforgettable scents.  In a sea of vanilla frangrances,  it stands out.  Alluring,  sensual,  deep and clingy.  Perfection. 
positive I won't describe it, there are enough reviews for it. It deserves one more positive review though.  This is a long-time favorite of mine and I couldn't live without it. My bottle is from June 2002. 
positive Salutation.

HYPNOTIC POISON is One of the best Oriental-Vanilla.It is Truly all about what I Expect from This Kind of fragrances.A Warm Sweet Vanilla scent in a very Distinctive Bottle. Classy, Gorgeous,Powerful,Seductive,Feminine, Sophisticated,Irresistible,Hypnotic and a Beautiful Masterpiece.

HYPNOTIC POISON is a Perfect Illustration of Special DIOR Style and All notes are at a Perfect harmony too. A Rich Combination of Spice notes, Sweet Vanilla,Romantic Flowers and Bitter almond Makes it An Delicious Elixir of the Senses and Gives You Confidence when You walk Somewhere. The Vanilla is quite Dominant.

It is Perfectly suited for COLD weather and perfectly warming to the Heart. It is not for a Lady who is not daring Enough.Perfect for a queen in ROMANTIC moments. If you are Looking for a Head Turner or a Fragrance for Men Seduce try it you will Love it.HP is A real Magnet and worth Every penny you pay for it.

Sillage?Ok.

Longevity?Excellent on my skin.

8/10 
positive My first impression of this went something like, 'Ah, a nice & bold vanilla scent, but is it really  hypnot- ohhh. There it is!' Something in this concoction tickles the very back of your nose and gives you a lightheaded sensation, similar to that satisfaction you feel after a good sneeze. Mmm.. Sexy, dark and heavy. It's got a boozy quality, as well (I was certain it had to be bourbon vanilla before I read the notes more closely). To me, this smells almost exactly like Yves Rocher's Vanille Noire (which somehow, I discovered first). Lastly, this juice packs a serious punch - it lasts all day. Absolutely deserving of its name.
positive My bottle of the Hypnotic is old.  Like probably first-edition old.
I love it.
When I first bought it, I wore it a lot.  Even an office mate cribbed my perfume (if/when the odd chance occurs in which someone asks what fragrance I'm wearing, I tell).
Lookit: you really do not need my take on the listed notes, 'cause they were all there.
Okay.  So, anyway, what I'd like to share with you is what my old bottle 'turned' (aged) into:
only the most incredible, beautiful, jaw-droppingly gorgeous jasmine perfume EVER!
Well, that I have smelled, anyway.
So, money well spent.
I can't speak as to the current formulation; haven't smelled it/them.
positive When i first smelt poison i liked the creamy sweetness but never actually purchase it, i since then went on to other perfumes, but occasionally would go back to it and sample it feeling it felt "too grown up " for me, finally after about year or so i tried it again on my skin and loved it! why hadn't i bought this sooner! 

Its like an almond cookie/ vanilla cake dipped in an expensive wine, very creamy and milky, sweet but not overly sweet like teenager scents, makes me feel special, and has a very unique smell to it very individual, like that fact that it doesn't seem to be what everyone is wearing feels like my own individual scent ( if that makes sense) doesn't have loads of clashing elements i find with other perfumes i can just define its sweet creamy almond smell, dries down to a more powdery milky vanilla, feel sexy when wearing this. Love the bottle stands out from rest. Lovely color to it also. 
going to purchase the 100 ml next time! last about 4/5 hours on me and stays longer on clothes :)
positive review by stefly321About 14 yrs ago i  had girlfriend who wore this. It blew me away then and still does now. Sadly we split up 3 yrs later but whenever i smell that heady whiff of vanilla of HP, it takes me back to some good memorable times. A really great fragrance.Pros: lasts for agesCons: none"
positive Sexy It's a very lovely and sexy fragrance. But the key is not to overdo it. It's a very strong and sweet scent that will fill up a room when you walk in. Just the perfect amount of sprays can make a huge difference between a suffocating and annoying smell to a very feminine, sexy and killer fragrance. Everytime I wear it I get compliments, especially from men, which really boosts you up on a night out. They seem to love it. It is a fragrance that doesn't seem to evolve much. Personally, I seem to only get almond and vanilla all the way through.  I highly recommend it if you like sweet fragrances and you want to feel like a femme fatale, without feeling trashy. Just be careful with the amount you spray on.
positive Perfectly named fragrance.., delicious vanilla and almond scent....kinda smells like delicious fancy italian wedding cake. Gourmand, long lasting, sensual and sweet. Quite addictive. The  scent does have an invisible aura around you that is mesmerizing and hypnotizing. Men like this a lot. A lot of men even wear this! It can be warm on either sex.....its like a cloud of delicious scent that hovers arohnd you like an aura. Very beautiful.
positive It has been reformulated. The old version, black cap, was divine, original, sexy, unique. 
The new version is still one of my favorite fragrances: sweet, powdery, sensual, feminine and very longlasting.
The body lotion is delicious as well.
I love the sweet vanilla/bitter almond combo, the beautiful jasmine, musk and sandalwood notes.
This is a modern masterpiece.
I love it!


positive I love this. I'm a newb to fragrances and stumbled across this via Basenotes reviews. I would say it's borderline unisex, I'm a blue collar manly-man type but I find myself wearing this more and more. I thought it a little too fem for wearing out in the world...but... but I like it so much I find myself pushing the envelope more and more. When I'm home alone I apply very liberally. I wear it out now and then but only after it's settled for a an hour or two. On my skin the chocolate notes really stand out.
positive Day three of my walk on the wild side and into the shady alleys of femme fragrance. Having been placed under the spell of Shalimar and being broken by Tabu, was I man enough to take my Dior Poison?

The English expression goes 'What's your Poison?' meaning what will you take to drink, or these days what will you take to get you high?

Perhaps it's this sentiment of imminent undoing that Dior had in mind when naming this 80s fragrance held by many as a manly masterpiece and much-emulated not least by the house itself with flankers including Dior Hypnotic Poison with which I am primarily concerned.

Whilst the name vein of 'My Sin', 'Vol de Nuit' and of course, 'Opium' with their suggestions of the improper, the dissolute, the dangerous or despicable may be what is being mined here the scent itself is a much more restrained and altogether polite and well mannered creature.

It is always alarming when a fragrance carries a direct connection to a memory - mother in childhood, school bully, first kiss, first boss, first wife... But when the memory is more recent and more focused then the sensation I can assure is all the more unsettling for its precision and being freshly cut.

For that is the sensation that swept me up on encountering Poison Hypnotic.

It smells of an actual luxury hotel in a busy port on the Aegean: a Levantine city known throughout the world for the production of figs. Not vaguely, not reminiscently or nostalgically. Precisely.

This is the odour of the bed linens, the almonds in the lounge, the beautifully planted and kept gardens, the towels by the pool. This is the perfume of a vacation I took just weeks ago.

So what you say? Well, here's the rub: the hotel is the perfect reflection of all this scent is and is not. The hotel was no old world glamourous grande dame, no Ritz, Place Vendome, no Savoy.

No more was it an overgrown Alice in Wonderland design boutique behemoth. No see through second Empire chairs no fascinating and impractical bathrooms.

No, the hotel was brilliantly designed in the understated manner of the Swiss owners. A Barcelona chair here, walls covered with sleek panels of walnut and beaten brown leather, five light settings for the room at the touch of a button. Wonderfully conceived and very, perhaps all too considered.

And so it is with Poison Hypnotic: the notes are in their places parts learnt, well directed and thoroughly rehearsed. But vanilla, nut, wood, damson, jasmine all come together in a way that could, should be sensuous and dark but end up being, dependable.

This liquor is an exercise in beautifully crafted and sophisticated dependability.

Perfect in a hotel, less than perfect in a perfume.

But though perfection is not achieved - can it be without surprise, excitement, the touch of an artist rather than a craftsman? That is not to say that this isn't a solid piece of work for the scent exudes safety rather than just being safe - a sense of comfort in a world of turmoil, a fine hotel in an unknown city, unseen cashmere socks on a first date.

This safety even extends to a slight antiseptic quality - noticed instantly by a friend - the caraway perhaps? This dentist's mouthwash note is the only welcome sign that this well oiled machine wasn't created by an expert committee after months of deliberation.

Would I wear it? Certainly. Both this and Dior Midnight Poison read as male crossovers. For a business meeting or away in an unfamiliar place, for a walk across town on a busy day when I want to be contained in my own little aura of inaccessibility or at home in those cashmere socks with a difficult book.

I don't mean to sound mean, and I understand one can't have grand opera every day. 

Sophisticated, beautifully put together and dependable - ultimately that adds up to admirable, but impossible to get truly excited about.

What's my Poison? Well in this case certainly no dirty martini, not even a Manhattan and champagne would just be too flash. Let's settle on an excellent buttery white Burgundy.
positive this used to be my signature scent for about 10 years; now I wear it mostly for evenings or night. but it remains for me such a special, unique, sexy fragrance, it's like it reflected my darker side... the witch, the temptress. There's really something bewitching about this fragrance, and I could test the effect, specially on men, it makes them crazy, it's almost toxic, a sex-potion, I still love it very much, even if it's no longer as powerfull &  dense as before reformulation a few years ago, I wish I could find somewhere an old bottle! It was much better, but it's still so particular, mysterious, dark, I know I can't do without it! It's exciting, sensual, dark. probably a love or hate, not for everyone, but definitely for me, I feel it' "me" in this one! 
positive Menardo's genius on fullest display, this is a sex grenade: a modernized and de-sane-itized L'Heure Bleue without any of that one's cumbersome class. A brunette bombshell (or a blonde with dark roots?). It may be widely worn and a designer scent, drowning in the most used note around--vanilla--but damned if this isn't pure magic. The slightest breeze animates Hypnotic Poison as a slinky villainess. Cruella, the Queen of Hearts, The Black Queen from Barbarella ... all the great meanies could wear this, but at once a girl's night out cuteness keeps things barely tamed. ...Ch-ch-ch-Cherry Bomb! Suburban rebellion in torn fishnets, Cherie Currie as chainsaw artist. Hypnotic Poison's overstated naughty-but-nice angle is high camp gold: the point where saccharine almost rots and is sinister and treading the sex/death divide with the tv trope of cyanide poisoning leaving the smell of bitter almonds on the last breath. Commonly sexy but weird in a way that is very Twin Peaks. All of this for the older formula edt. The new lacks some spice and metallic bite and seems censored, but it still bests the rest of the department store pack.

negative Caraway and play-doh heliotrope. I couldn't stand this on my skin. There is a weirdness to this note that isn't appealing at all. There is a fragrance beneath this that speaks of sophistication, though it is drowned out by play-doh, a heliotrope synthesis gone bad I suppose. But really, the formulation itself also comes across with a synthetic glamour and a certain obviousness. 
It might work great on someone in their 20's, as long as that play-doh note doesn't arise. I remember that time in my life - I loved an air of sophistication, without knowing what the hell that was. I wanted something that smelled good to me, and fit in with what my friends wore. It didn't go much beyond that and I wasn't looking for complexity then.
But really, what went wrong with this one on me was that caraway/play-doh note.
negative Woody Oriental

Hypnotic Poison is one of those fragrances that dispense with the top notes and skip right ahead into their main corpus. And what a corpulent body this one is! 

Hypnotic Poison pops out of the bottle as a thick, dark, velvety gourmand with a prominent fuzzy-sweet woody base. Cocoa powder and coconut blend with a buttery vanilla to make a milk chocolate fudge of an accord. If you took A*Men and stripped it of its discordant camphor and patchouli, or pried the licorice out of Lolita Lempicka au Masculin, you’d probably wind up with something very close to Hypnotic Poison. There is a twofold implication to this likeness: first, Hypnotic Poison is very much a unisex perfume, and second, it’s a lot less complex and interesting than its masculine precursors. (One of which, by the way, was composed by the same perfumer.) In fact, without much by way of florals, citrus, fruit, or spice to temper its central gourmand accord, Hypnotic Poison comes across as unrelievedly dense and ponderous. It’s probably good if you like this sort of thing to begin with, but since I don’t I’m not an adequate judge. 

negative A very light watery almond scent - I get none of the other notes. This is one of those so airy non-scents that it adds up to nonsense.

neutral Hypnotic Poison (1998) was almost like an omen with the way it was released 13 years after the original controversial Dior Poison (1985), and sufficiently "cleaned up" the primary accord of the original to be something mass-appealing. Hypnotic Poison isn't the first flanker of the iconic original, as that honor goes to Tendre Poison (1994), but that green-focused variant didn't survive the changing times quite like the first version or this iteration, so a lot of people don't remember it. If the Jean Guichard-penned original seemed way too aggressive and out of place in a late 90's perfume market full of beige masculine freshies and sweet gourmand feminines, this new Annick Menardo-composed creation was just the fix Dior needed to keep relevant, furthered by the fact that the animalics and indolic florals in the recent new pillar Dune (1991) were almost seen like dinosaurs in an emerging synthetic era of perfumery. I'm not particularly a fan of what's going on under the hood of Hypnotic Poison, but I can understand why this equaled, then surpassed the popularity of its namesake pillar. Hypnotic Poison presents itself as a sort of bready gourmand floral with sweet bakery elements on top of a scrubbed and pared-down version of the original Poison's core. 

Hypnotic Poison is nowhere near as complex of a perfume compared to the original, but it neither does it try to be as serious. A smell almost like almond flour opens Hypnotic Poison, joined by caraway and lemon, creating an accord similar to the Dutch sugar cookies we sometimes get around Christmas time. From this very confectionery-like introduction comes sweet jasmine sambac mostly scrubbed of the indole, and a hit of an oakmoss/tonka tandem, giving Hypnotic Poison almost a Fougère-like interpretation of the signature Poison aesthetic, freed from the dark macerated fruit elements. There is something of an inferred cherry accord thanks to the almond, but once the rich base comes into the picture, the fougère comparisons fade while vanilla, white patchouli. musk, amber, and rosewood form an oriental base. Hypnotic Poison stays mostly in its gourmand lane from there on out, with the oriental riff underneath preventing the final skin scent from being too sickeningly sweet but still a bit too warm and wholesome for my comfort. I see why Hypnotic Poison was a breakout hit in the 90's, as it tapped perfectly into that bubbly "valley girl" feigned naivety that was popular at the time, and parodied by films like Clueless. Wear time is all day and although this doesn't have the frighteningly never-ending sillage of "OG" Poison, it can actually get cloying more quickly if you're within its field of effect. 

If you like almond fragrances, sweet creamy gourmands, or anything that is generally pleasant and inviting, Hypnotic Poison is your perfume. Almost at the opposite end of the spectrum from  Poison, this flanker seems to be more of the deceptively disarming type of succubus versus the dark, terrifying-yet-beautiful she-demon that is the original. The person who wears Poison wants you to know they mean business, but someone using Hypnotic Poison would rather sneak up on you after setting you at ease. It's just not a vibe I like because if you had given me a sample of this without showing me the bottle or the name, I'd just assume I was smelling another late 90's or early 2000's gourmand and would just wave it on, but this thing carries the Poison mantle for crying out loud! Still, Hypnotic Poison can obviously go places that regular Poison cannot, like to work or to casual events, but I'd still avoid warmer weather, even more with this one than the first due to the baked cookie opening. Give this a test if the old grande dame that is Poison just comes across as too much to take, although you're not getting a whole lot of what made that scent so unique here, but rather just a slightly-spicy toasted almond gourmand riding on the back of something else's reputation. It's not bad, but once again, I can't really get behind it. Solid neutral. 
neutral A sweet and chewy balsamic version which is still recognisable by the distinctive top note, but here - with the brilliant audacity of the original toned down - Hypnotic becomes less Poison and more of a gourmand 'sent bon.' Some will no doubt think that's a good thing...

***
neutral Almond and deep vanilla.  The reformulation isn't horrible but it lacks the spicy, interesting punch of the original.  Better than most of the candy vanillas on the market today, but not full bottle worthy at full price.

Lasts for hours, but on me, becomes a skin scent in about 45 minutes.
neutral I was excited to try this fragrance in the line of Poisons.  I saw many positive reviews, but for me it was too deep in the almond and woody notes, after wearing it for awhile I really became really annoyed with the smell and scrubbed it off.  I love, love, love, Pure Poison though, which is more floral and tangy with a hint of warmth. 
I can see how others might like the of the warm, almond(ness) of the fragrance, just not my style.  Definitely sample it first, I read it was supposed to have a heavy jasmine fragrance and I love jasmine, however I didn't smell much.
My mom liked the fragrance and my husband thought it was o.k.
neutral Almond and vanillaAlmond is the main top note on my skin, with caraway a nice counterbalance. Jasmine,musk and vanilla are the core of the drydown that gives it a nigh oriental character.  Three hours of longevity.  Not uninteresting and not too heavy or loud.
neutral Try before you buy!After all the talk about Hypnotic Poison, I had to try it. I am not a huge fan of the Poison line - it's not an impressive mix with my chemistry - but I love Orientals, vanillas, and most gourmand scents, so I ordered a sample. It lasted approximately 5 minutes before I couldn't smell it. So disappointing! It is also not "deep" enough to satisfy my taste, although I can see how it would be a popular scent. This would be a safe blind buy for a friend or relative who loves vanilla but already has everything; for the price, they'll appreciate it even if they already have some. Personally I wouldn't spend the money; there are many better perfumes with staying power and sillage (this has none). After 15 minutes, there is nothing left. Glad I didn't buy a whole bottle!Pros: Decent vanilla scentCons: Lasts about 5 minutes, there are better perfumes for less $$"
neutral Julie Andrews	In 1980 I was asked by a colleague not to wear Opium to work. Poison and its flankers were a 'no fly zone' as a result. Recently I asked my gorgeous 30 something hairdresser what her favourite perfume was and she said it was Hypnotic Poison. It features massively in the Basenotes thread that goes something along the lines of 'most complimented fragrance' for women. In my recent travels I have availed myself of HP at every duty free and department store counter that I sashayed up to. I can only salivate as to what the pre-reformulation brew must have smelt like, the existing nectar left me wanting more depth, more punch. It is nice though and would make a lovely gift. Not bottle worthy in my estimation, but I'm an old chypre sister. I would rather wear Lolita Lempicka, another Menardo creation, if I had to choose.Pros: Sweet, inoffensive, girl/boy from next doorCons: No staying power
neutral not absolutely horrid - but smells too much like root beer for my liking
neutral (Golden rim version)
Vanilla strikes immediately. I can't detect any fruitiness or bitter almond, but the caraway note is distinct. HP has an interesting character but it is on the heavy side and on the verge of giving me a headache. I like the warm wood note (apparently sandalwood) at the base, it kind of reminds the smell of a sauna. 
positive My absolute Favorite!!! I'm not sure how or why but when I first spray this wonderful scent on it smells just like root beer and within 5 minutes softens to a sensual, beautiful aroma. I have had more compliments, even from complete strangers, than I can count.
positive I've always been a fan of original Poison, it being my Mum's perfume of choice throughout most of my childhood; So I thought I would try this for myself. It's not nearly as pungent as original poison, and is a lot sweeter. On initial spray I found it was nothing really spectacular, but once it dried a few seconds you could really smell the warm vanilla, musk and light jasmine that seems just enough to be elegant and not gagingly gaudy or sickly sweet. To be honest I really can't stop smelling my wrist after testing this one! It is as the name suggests; hypnotic.
positive I remember testing this and liking it when it was first introduced. I recently tried it again when I was shopping and I decided I had to have a bottle. It's just a wonderful, warm scent without the overbearing sickly-sweetness that most new scents seems to have now. The longevity of this fragrance is AMAZING. In spite of the rumors this has been reformulated & watered-down, I could still smell this on my arm the following day. This scent seems to improve as it wears down on my skin, which I can't say for most fragrances. The fragrance is powerful, though, so you definitely don't want to douse yourself in it and as such it's probably best suited for cooler months of the year. So, this has definitely become one of my new favorite cool-weather scents.
positive Almonds but not too sweet, vanilla icing drydown with spice, a heady, sensuous scent for evenings or winter.  I will definitely buy this again.  But wear sparingly.  This is not a toy. :0)
positive It is similar to Poison, but more sweet than bitter, and much less offensive.

It is a distinct scent.  Though, you should sample this one, before you decide to buy it and before you decide not to buy it.
positive Reading some other reviews I think I've got the notes the wrong way round! The first strong burst was of vanilla, almost like Pink Sugar but a moment later I got the almond. It wasn't a 'bitter almond' like cyanide it was a marzipan almond. I think most scent is based on nostalgia, in this case Grandma's house. After half an hour the woods came in, Grandma's lovely furniture, the carat smell of the drawers, and the spices she kept. At the end of the dry down Hypnotic Poison stayed with me all day, with the notes changing, first the top notes the heart and the dry down in quick succession, then all together like an endless kaleidoscope. I only have the sample bottle and at the moment can't afford a full bottle. However I think Hypnotic Poison is a masterpiece.
positive In a nutshell, it's an exotic spiced almond cookie.  I love this scent and I wear it in small doses because I noticed that spraying too much is overkill.  I also only like to wear this in the evenings. To me, this is a statement fragrance that's pleasantly heavy and sensual.  I think heat and an elegantly sweet dessert laced with fondant.  My husband loves this scent, especially the vanilla base but I don't get as much vanilla as I do almond and caraway.  Even at full dry down, it's still almond.  No complaints tho!
positive   I absolutely adore this fragrance! It doesn't really smell like a perfume to me as much as it just smells like a soothing "spa" aroma. It's definitely a scent that could just as easily have been bottled and sold as an aromatherapy product. I loved it the minute I sprayed it on my arm and I continued to get good feelings from it all day as I shopped at the mall. I find that normally I feel cranky and tired in crowded malls, but the smell of Hypnotic Poison actually seems to calm and soothe me a lot. :D I think it must have been the EDP that I sampled because the longevity (on me) is fantastic and the fragrance didn't fade very fast. I've heard that the longevity on the EDT is not as good, but I forgot to read the bottle before spraying unfortunately so it might have just as easily been the EDT. Some EDTs that other people say don't last on them at all actually last for ages on me, so I'm honestly not too sure which version I'm reviewing lol! 
  Overall, I have to say that Hypnotic Poison is probably my favorite Christian Dior fragrance and I definitely recommend it to everyone!
positive This perfume is intoxicating and mesmerising. I always buy this for my partners! A friend of mine once told me that she was allowed to wear this as a flight attendant for Qantas Airline because it excited too many male passengers! I can smell this from about 25m away in a nightclub full of people. Love it.
positive 
positive They couldnt have picked a better name for this..

So full..addictive..enchanting..just irresistible

Big thumbs up!
positive If you're looking for a fragrance that has a dominant note of vanilla, Hypnotic Poison would be your best choice. The vanilla in this perfume is rich, foody and realistic, just like you've rubbed vanilla essence onto your skin.

I can't help feeling comforted when wearing this scent. When applied lightly, this fragrance is soft and soothing, only drifting up towards your nose to greet you with its scent every now and then.

I don't actually find this fragrance sexy, to me Hypnotic Poison is more romantic, casual almost. Its striking red bottle which suggests that its contents are indeed quite poisonous and hypnotising, doesn't seem to match the scent in my personal opinion. I'd describe Hypnotic Poison as being feminine, warm, friendly and slightly musky rather than outrageously sexy or seductive.

Apart from the obvious vanilla note, there are subtle hints of coconut, spices and almond throughout, which makes Hypnotic Poison more of a gourmand rather than an oriental vanilla.

The lasting power is great, yet I wouldn't have expected anything less from a house like Dior. This perfume is the vanilla fragrance that I've always wanted to find, it's actually the way The Body Shop's Vanilla oil should have smelt. A true vanilla scent of undeniable quality and appeal.


positive Hypnotic Poison is delicious.  Yes, it's totally unisex, and to me it smells like amaretto/cream soda, giving off a "Dr. Pepper" vibe.  This is a good thing, because Dr. Pepper is my favorite soda, and any fragrance that smells like Dr. Pepper is fine by me :)

As sweet as Hypnotic Poison is, I find it totally tolerable and completely pleasant, but it's quite easy to apply too much; even in the EdT form.  So, just go easy on the sprayer.  The combination of soda-like heliotrope and subtle moss is a match made in heaven.  Even if you're not a gourmand fan, you should try this one.  It projects like a beast and lasts all day for me, and I love the bottle too - straight out of a Disney movie.

Highly recommended if you've got a sweet tooth.  Annick Menardo is a genius perfumer.
positive WOW!  Yes, this at first smells exactly like root beer, coca cola and play-do.  But after about 15 minutes, the drydown is delicious!  It lasts all day, too.  My own opinion is that this ends up smelling exactly like "Warm Vanilla Sugar" by Bath and Body Works.  Very sexy, but never in a trashy or pushy way.  LOVE IT!
positive The first of the poisons I tried, and still my favourite. I bought this some years ago when I was still in my "goth" days, but even now, this is my "go-to", signature scent. More suited to winter, though I have worn it in the summer. Not overpowering at all. I feel wrapped up in almonds and vanilla, very warming and VERY synthetic, but in a good way!
positive This is my favorite of all the Poisons, although Pure Poison is a close second. It wears close to my skin and embraces me in warm cherry, vanilla, and almond notes. Definitely one of the most unique scents in my collection, and I agree that it was way ahead of its time. 

It is best in the winter, as others have said, and I can see how some may smell root beer. I actually hate root beer and the smell of it. However, root beer smells synthetic and cheap to me. Hypnotic Poison does not. That's the only way I know to explain it. I love it! :)

Jan
05
2009 

positive i love this perfume its incredibly sexy and delicious one of my favs
positive Ah -- the age old debate regarding gender classification. I can usually tell at first sniff whether a fragrance is going to be too feminine for me to wear. These usually include, twee florals, sweet powdery concoctions or the overblown, tarty ones that usually include incendiary tuberose, i.e Amarige, Poison, etc. I have worn both 'Heliotrope' from Piver and Etro in the past -- I think it's the gourmand aspect of those that I find acceptable. HP is the same as it involves that same almondy vibe  - I am surprised neither heliotrope or mimosa are listed in the notes. I love to wear it and don't feel uncomfortable at all -- I actually think it is more unisex than Midnight Poison. Having said all this, I can't imagine a GIT or Safari wearer donning this to go down the pub. More fool them.
positive Hypnotic Poison is a true Oriental Vanilla.

Soft, delicious and intense vanilla hypnotizing your sense of smell. At the beginning you may feel it a bit chemical, but after while this fragance gives you a warm and lasting scent.

Hypnotic Poison is more soft and tender than the others Poison Fragances.
positive Hypnotic Poison is a very well constructed & balanced perfume. It opens up with a nice bitter almond & vanilla accord which soon gives way to my nose a butter note that comes along & makes this a lil creamy. 

I get a nice sugar cookie scent in the beginning that makes me want to bake! But that butter note just does not go away which is fine by me, because after a hour & a half the vanilla comes along with the woods to create a beautiful cake like substance! 

Towards the end of this frag I get a somewhat disturbing plastic/glue feeling from this but it does not bother me to the point I want to scrub it off. The beginning & the middle are the best parts of HP! It last roughly 8 - 10 hours on me which is great for an EDT! Projection for me is ok, but nevertheless a beautiful addition to the Poison lineup! This can easily be worn by a man as well so if your the curious guy & you have been wanting to test this but have been scared/nervous because of the marketing concept SNAP OUT OF IT!!! Another + in the books for Dior!
positive I LOVE this juice.  From the second it comes giddily swirling out of the bottle i am completely enraptured.Wearing Hypnotic Poison is like being dangled over a huge vat of thick, honey drenched cream.  Just as you're about to be plunged into the screaming richness of it all though, up comes a bitter aspect to pull you back.  The construction is so beautifully balanced, you are constantly held at that point - staring death by sweet creaminess in the face but always just being saved.Exhilirating, narcotic, dangerous, seductive.  Grown up yet incredibly giggly.  Like having a gorgeous stranger come up to you with a glint in their eye that says "Let's be naughty".Then all is rounded off with an extraordinary creamy wood finish that brings you back to earth with sophistication and sensuality.One of the best exercises in dynamic tension I have ever come across.  Hypnotic Poison has led me to fall in love with Annick Menardo.  Anyone whose imagination can produce this beauty is quite a being!
positive Hypnotic Poison is supposed to smell like a plumy, coconut-tinted, vanillic, almond-pasty amber oriental, but the end result is a perfume that smells precisely of root beer. Any perfumer could set out to make a sassafrassy root beer scent: take a cheap vanilla base, sugar it up and create a boozy aldeheydic topnote to simulate carbonation and call it a day – but Dior skipped that and created an unintentionally genius root beer smell that captures the mysterious and nuanced quality of the soda syrup, without all the sugar.  After cruising thought the soda fountain, Hypnotic Poison enters a grand and polished cherry wood library, the smoky almond and soft vanilla humming contentedly in a leather chair.Fabulous.
positive Elegance!! Beautiful, sweet parfum. Absolutely delicious, sexy and sensual! I think my favorite poison. And the elixir bottle is just gorgeous and vintage.
positive Oh, Hypnotic Person, the only female marketed fragrance I wear without being self-conscious. It starts with a stingy blast of almond dipped in vanilla. After 20 minutes, the jasmine starts to kick-in and the magical sweetness starts to appear. It's hard for me to describe it's entire development because no words can give you a feeling of what this can smell like.It is so easy to love and I can't help myself taking a whiff of this while I write this review.
positive One of my favorite perfumes by Annick Menardo. A beautiful alluring, swirling gourmand scent of almond ,anise, vanilla ,woods. It's simply addictive ,unique -especially those top notes. Sweet - some people get strong ' rootbeer' from this fragrance . To me it's a wonderful thick almond vanilla seduction of the senses. Men go crazy for this one. Sexy ! The Elixir is equivalent to extrait and it is even sweeter than the Eau de Toillette. I prefer the EDT which seems to give a clearer sense of the character of this scent. 

negative I had high hopes for this fragrance, but on me it's terrible. Opens with a faint anise-like smell I attribute to allspice and then becomes something weirdly unpleasant...perhaps the allspice with fruit. Whatever it is, it comes off as leather + rubber to my nose and is nauseating. This lasts for quite a while before HP gets to its drydown, which is mostly sweet vanilla with some bitter almond cutting through and a touch of musk/spice from the sandalwood. The drydown is enjoyable, but not enough to offset the nose-wrinkling middle notes. 
negative I don't like hp. I received it as a present and wore it in winter. It doesn't make me feel special or feminine, it doesn't add any charme to me. And this is what I want from a parfume. But hp just gives me headache. I know many friends had the same problem. Another thing that strikes me about hp is that there are a lot of cheap copies of it. It is veeery easy to copy hp, and apart for the longevity these copies are very similar to the original!

negative I have only tried Hypnotic Poison three times, and each time it has given me an instant migraine. On me it turns into a very sickly chocolate ice cream type smell.Needless to say, it's a fragrance I now steer clear of!

neutral Sweeeeeeeeet vanilla pudding, with perhaps a pinch of cinnamon or nutmeg, & a little burnt sugar. This is much too sweet even for me; l prefer Dior Addict for a sweet-spicy kick with a dark side.
neutral I'm not usually a fan of sweet scents but this one was balanced with just the right amount of bitterness, making it not overwhelmingly sticky/nauseating. It is a tasty wintry treat of a scent, at least in the beginning. However, I find this scent to fade in an unpleasant way. Once the bitter almond fades, what is left is an overly sticky, vanilla-y mess.Love the beginning, hate the end. 
positive I can't begin to tell you how much I'm loving this magic elixer. To me, it is just simply DELICIOUS!It is a wonderful gourmand, genderless, a mixture of bitterness and sweetness. Creamy vanilla, with a slight bitterness of the almond, to me like it is like liquid honey. I am finding this one to be very irresistable and ultra sexy. So velvety smooth, like satin sheets...and somehow it just reminds me of summer at a beach, sunshine, tanning lotion, the moving waves of the water, the sand. It just is so very relaxing for me when I wear this - any tension disappears when I apply this perfume.Notes that are most apparent to me are the almond, vanilla, jasmine, coconut, wood notes, and lily-of-the-valley. Sillage is fantastic on me and so is the lasting power. I can detect the fragrance even the next day.Sweet and a little bitter, and yet neither is overpowering - more like a perfect balance to me. I believe it is perfect for any occasion and any age group.VERY sexy, and seductive, confident, classy....one word to describe this one -- BEAUTIFUL
positive Bedtime scent. I only ever wear this at night, so for me it is imprinted with shadows, skin and drowsy sensuality. One of the most luxurious scents ever constructed, awash with cream, vanilla, fruit, powder and a disturbing smudged chocolate/heliotrope quality that sweeps in as the scent melts onto the skin. I often wish i could pour this on to my skin from a great height and just laugh at the spinning, scented drama of it all.  The deep trailing almond sillage is haunting in its complexity. I discovered this damaged beauty one lonely evening kicking around a half-lit French airport, the smell of coffee and stale/sweet pastries in the air. Add a drop of night-time aircraft fuel and the colour of a bruised sky and you have a olfactory spell of considerable power. Annick Menardo is a fickle nose, not everythng she creates works, but when it does it is sensational. Hypnotic Poison, Bulgari Black and Lolita Lempicka are all transgressive stunners for adventurous boys. 
positive I can only wear this in the cool months because like Vibert says, this one comes swinging out of the gate with heavy-handed milky sweet density and doesn't quit for hours.  However, the beauty of this is that it loves to be layered, lending its rich and decadent firepower to other fragrances that open beautifully but fade to nothing or fade to awful.  
positive I cannot begin to explain how much I love this frag.
It is pure deliciousness in a bottle. So sweet and 
sexy it hurts. The perfect frag for a date, or when 
one need some loving from ones hubby ... many
men find the smell of HP irresistible, women too!
Of all the perfumes I have ever owned, this frag is
the one which has gotten me the most compliments.

This is some strong juice, though, so for Gods sake
use it sparely, otherwise you'll suffercate your sur-
roundings, as the sillage is unbelievable.

Gourmand creme de la creme, dosn't get much better
than this ... mums!

If you wanna spent the extra dough, buy the Elixir,
it'll last you longer, as it's an Eau de Parfum Intensé
(it has an added star anise note, though).

Thumbs up..!


positive Fizzy vanilla, bitter almond, a hint of rich dark cocoa... It smells so delicious I feel like drinking this stuff! But HYPNOTIC POISON is far from being overtly gourmand nor strongly feminine (I smell no jasmine); I wouldn't hesitate for a second to recommend it to those who enjoy 'fizzy frags' like Myrrhe Ardente, 1969 Parfums de Revolte or even Escada Magnetism. To them I say forget 'magnetic', go 'hypnotic'. This one plays for keeps. 
positive I only discovered this recently and it is the elixir version that  I am referring to.
Very addictive, heady, gourmand/woodsy scent that suits winter evening time
wear. Almonds and vanilla dominate but not in a cloying way. Excellent sillage and 
lasting power. There is something magical about this beautiful creation.
The perfumer Annick Menardo, who seems to have struck gold with this addition to the Dior Poison stable.
positive Hmmm, I tried it on during the past few days, although I have been avoiding it forever...I was prejudiced I guess and always associated it with something heavy, the kind a more mature lady would wear (btw, I'm 25). But, it was a surprise...a pleasant one. There is something immensely wistful about this fragrance, it's very haunting and has the power to evoke some strong emotions. Upon trying it on, I ended considering it the love child between Dune and Dior Addict: it has the strong, sensuous vanilla from Addict; and the bitter, haunting notes that I find in the drydown of Dune. It wraps around me, not letting me go for hours and hours and it projects absolutely beautifully. Dare I "commit" to a FB? I don't know yet...
positive I'm usually lazy and not the type to often write up long winding reviews with flowery language, but I felt the need to point out that this is an excellent unisex gourmand/oriental, especially in the EDP Intense concentration.Anyways, this pretty much has nothing to do with the original Poison. The regular EDT version of Hypnotic Poison, made by Annick Menardo who also gave us the wonderful and weird Patchouli 24, Bvlgari Black, and Bois d'Armenie, is a velvety bittersweet vanilla-almond oriental with coumarin, heliotrope, and some oakmoss to stop it from falling into the sweet-toothed-girl category. (Don't get me wrong though, HP *IS* very sweet, but it is so in an intelligent way and not teeny-sweet) I found the EDT to fall short and turn quite thin on the dry-down too quickly as well as being quite bland after a while.On the other hand, is the EDP Intense aka Hypnotic Poison Elixir, an EU-exclusive rework done by Francois Demachy.  (Eau Sauvage Fraîcheur Cuir, Dior Homme Cologne, etc) In addition to the extra longevity and sillage along with the original base of HP, there is added notes of salty licorice and star anise. This new element makes the scent more complex, deeper, darker, slightly smokier, and more interesting -- making it formidable competition to heliotrope-heavy niche scents like Cuir Beluga. Overall, compared to the EDT, this is much more satisfying, especially for those of us who are deep into niche territory.
positive Absolutely the best gourmand for a man. Yes, for a man. Bittersweet, enigmatic and sensual. She’ll love you for it. Intelligent application required: 1 to 2 sprays maximum.
positive Sure wish I had tried this one sooner!  Hypnotic Poison is a wonderfully wearable gourmand, with a tantalizing juxtaposition of bitter and sweet.  Although not listed in the note pyramid, there is a heliotrope like effect, maybe from combining the bitter almond top and the vanilla base...at any rate, it is slightly powdery - simultaneously soft & sharp.  Interesting.  It reminds me very much of KenzoAmour - the "inedible vanilla".   At it's heart, the jasmine and moss keep the entire potion from being too sweet.  Worthy of a test run, for sure!
positive 1. YES> I am a man!!!2. YES> I love this scent!!!3. YES> I wear this scent!!!4. NO> I never tell anybody what it is!!!5. Yes> Everybody loves to smell it on me!!!This is my secret hidden treasure....I almost didnt try to pull it off! Thanks from a pep talk from Sir Salty.....I smell amazing!
positive Hypnotic is the only one of the Poisons that I like enough to wear. This is another one of those scents that I overlooked in the past, but finally gave in and gave a chance. Hypnotic Poison is definately a cool or cold weather scent, and I only reserve it for the chilliest weather. The opening right out of the bottle smells a lot like a root beer float - not as pungent as pure sassafrass, but creamy as opposed to sweet. Apparently this is the scent you get when you mix caraway and bitter almond(?) The middle and base notes seem to sort of meld together instead of properly develop, but it's a cozy blend of musky jasmine vanilla and smokey woods, without being too dry.
positive I'm new to this one, I liked it on a friend but she practically marinated in it so was always a little overwhelming. I was also wary as I really did not like the original Poison. I have now bought some and at one squirt shared around my pulse points its beautiful, any more and I think it would be too much on me. None of the notes are individually distinctive on me just a beautifull blend of smells. My problem now is keeping it away from my teenage daughter as she tried it and fell in love! 
positive I'm a little mad now that I've tried Hypnotic Poison.  Mad at the basenotes community, mad at the fragrance world, and even a little mad at Dior.  There is no good reason that I should have had to stumble across this myself, and there is no good reason that this fragrance isn't discussed at all, or even mentioned, when discussing other greats in the 'woody gourmand' genre.  I will seek to correct this in the upcoming weeks whenever possible.  Dior shares some blame in making this gem a Poison flanker instead of having the balls (and budget) to give it a distinct name and bottle - but then again we just know how Dior love to make flankers instead of properly art directing and marketing a new fragrance (Exhibit B: Dior Homme Sport).  Perhaps if people didn't associate Hypnotic Poison with it evil older sister Poison it would be more successful and well known.Anyway, I came across HP when I realized Annick Menardo is the perfumer of many fragrances I really enjoy.  Lolita Lempicka, Body Kouros, Jaipur, Oriental Brulent and even Boss Bottled (the one and only decent Boss fragrance, IMO) are all in the oriental/woody/gourmand style I love so.  Reading the BN reviews I started seeking out an inexpensive bottle and sample, but Dior didn't make it easy as HP isn't in all the malls and it's quite pricey for a designer flanker.HP starts of with a thick almond/honey accord.  The fact that the almond note is bitter keeps it from ever becoming too sweet.  The fragrance meanders with touches of vanilla, amber, woody notes, and florals while all the while retaining the bitter almond accord that acts as the backbone of the fragrance.  As with other Menardo fragrances, HP is never a full gourmand because there's enough going on that has nothing to do with food, but the effect is a fragrance delicious enough to want to spread on ice cream, just like a gourmand.  The base becomes musky as the bitter almond slowly fades out, replaced by a woody/amber.  Not a woody/amber like every crap men's fragrance these days has an Iso E Super woody/amber, but a real wood notes and amber notes base.There are those guys who will insist anything with a gourmand note or that comes in a feminine-marketed bottle cannot be worn by men.  This is an unfortunate viewpoint for these guys because they're really missing out.  HP is a fragrance that would be sexy on a woman but equally unisex and interesting on a guy as well.  I haven't played with it long enough to judge sillage, but longevity is pretty good, about 6-8 hours.High recommendation.
positive I had the chance to try this at the store on a test strip. I was a bit perplexed that it somewhat smelled like a sunny day at the beach to me. Suntan lotion,sweat,hot dry air and all I could think of was BEACH. Then...the very next day I went back to the same store and put it on my skin...OOOO AHHH Vanilla! Bam! what a beautiful scent. It was insanely yummy. Lasting power is great also but I can say this is one you'll have to be careful with as to not overdo it. I think a little goes a long way. My 11yo is asking me to buy it for HER!  lolI would recommend this as a FB purchase.
positive I bought this as soon as it came out after smelling on a scent strip.  Absolutely irresistable.  Lo and behold, my body chemistry dealt it a smart judo chop turning it into something no one would want to wear and sent it packing.  I continued to pick up the bottle and sniff it because it is so heart breakingly lovely, alluring and sexy.  Eureka, I now spritz a little on the light bulb in my bedroom which treats it far more kindly than my body does.  Not that I'm recommending it as a room spray, it deserves too much respect for that, but at least I still get to enjoy it occasionally.  If you can wear it, I'm jealous.  Very sexy.
positive My two faves-- Hypnotic Poison and Lolita Lempicka original-- smell like nothing else out there.  I wore this briefly in my early 20s and have come back to it almost 10 years later.  It adds je ne sais quoi to my work wardrobe as well as jeans.  Comfortingly sexy, warm, distinctive.  Definitely a cool weather scent.  A spray on each wrist lasts a good 8 hours-- lucky me!  
positive I love this fragrance, it lasts ages on me and is so so yummy!!I only gave it 4 stars though because some people don't like it and it's not very friendly to others
positive This is my all time favorite perfume; it's simply great, I liked it from the very first moment I smelled it [this doesn't happen too often] and in my opinion the best from all the 'Poison' collection. It's unique, sexy, oriental...it has everything it needs in order to satisfy a woman's tastes, and not only. And, another important aspect, I don't really have a problem with its longevity, it lasts pretty much on my skin, even though some of my friends complain that it fades away fast. Anyway, all in all, I love it, I'd clearly recommend it.
positive I should begin by saying that about a year ago, I could NOT stand this scent!  But, I had only sniffed the spray nozzle and spritzed a piece of paper from the mall. No, no, no, no, no. That is not the way to smell this fragrance. Just recently, I felt like trying this out on my skin because of all the rave reviews and also smelling it on a friend.  That compelled me to give it a whirl again, but this time I tried it on my skin. I misted my wrist from a good distance, and immediately it smelled beautiful, very alluring scent! Yup, it was the Hypnotic Poison that I had just sprayed. Wow, who knew? I let it sit for about 10 minutes, and sniffed my wrist. One words: HEAVEN. This is one captivating scent! It is a vanilla scent, but not your typical sugary sweet vanilla scent. It's not foody at all. Very mellow and deep. I think the bitter almond note tames the sweetness of the vanilla. If you spray too much, you might get a root beer and playdough scent from it, but if you mist it, and then wait, it should begin to work very well. It's a bit pricey though. The 1.7 oz retails at $56 and the 3.4 oz is I believe about $78. It comes in an interesting red, apple shaped bottle with a black, rounded top. You can't really see how much fragrance you have left, so that's a slight downfall. Although I like heavy glass perfume bottles, this bottle truly suits the scent it holds. Lasting power is AMAZING. This will last you all day and then some. I would go very, very, easy on the sprays. Too much will certainly ruin this fragrance and make you and others sick to their stomachs. 
positive This is by far my number 1 fragrance for women. It's vanillic sweet, soften with a touch of almond and jasmine. The almond  and moss scent appear to be a bit leathery, taming the wild sweetness of vanilla and jasmine accord. Well blend and longevity is superb!
positive As a man I don't like women fragrances (maybe it's supposed we like them when women wear it which is still not the case...) however so far there is only one fragrance which can instantly turn me on and make me want jumping on the woman wearing this and that's Hypnotic Poison. Respect to this scent!
positive I got a decant of this last year and didn't much care for it.  I don't know what happened, but I sprayed some on my wrist tonight and WOW.  Maybe my body chemistry changed, but this is just lovely.  It's definitely a fall/winter scent full of spice.  The vanilla isn't overwhelming (I'm not much of a vanilla fan--its always smells on the cheap side to me) and is pleasantly offset by the woody notes.  I'm buying a bottle this week.
positive Sprayed Dior's Hypnotic Poison from a sample.  Can I break out of analysis mode and just say, "mmmmmmmm"?Yummy almonds, vanilla, cherry, caramel, burnt sugar, cotton candy, salt, soft wood, and maybe some patchouli...so far. I get a little bit of a sweet latex rubber note (or play doh, depending how you perceive it) similar to what I have smelled in Burberry Brit and Gaultier2, but not as strong here. This is a far cry from Midnight Poison (which I sprayed and almost immediately scrubbed a couple weeks ago).I am getting some floral notes now--not sure what, but white floral, it seems. If it is jasmine, it is a very clean version. It could also be ylang ylang, and possibly a touch of rose since it seems to be a little bit spicy. What a pretty gourmand this is! Rich but not overpowering, feminine and well balanced.And it just hit me that it reminds me a little bit of Chanel Coco, but mostly from what it evokes for me when I smell it rather than any similarity in composition. I think it might be the almonds--the note is penetrating and astringent, bitter and sweet. This same "bite" is in Coco, and I love it.  In the late drydown, it is reminiscent of Kenzo Amour.

negative Let the hypnosis to the wizards, please. This woody-oriental, bitter-sweet blend of almond and coconut, very addictive for many young women all over the world, reminds me a bit Heliothope Etro (far, far better appointed and with a right level of sweetness) resulting nevertheless to my profane nose too much sweetly flavoured by vanilla, too much pretentiously glamour, too cloying, too exaggeratedly gourmand, be lacking that ethereal and mysterious delicacy towards which this kind of fragrances would have to aim in order to be valued appreciable. The caraway provides projection, a bit of dissonance, and dustiness. Being lacking boldness and naughtiness, not proper to gourmand fragrances in my opinion, being lacking of evocative power and failing, despite the jasmine sambac, the attempt to catch the train of glamour and chic, what is left for us is a bowl of coconutty sugar, a vanilla pudding or a stand of sweets standing in a popular religious mediterranean feast. To be worn sparingly because of its atomic projection. Not for my taste.
negative I love the idea of this scent, a dry and spicy top with heated woods and sweet spices hitting immediately, warming a feminine jasmine and oakmoss heart.First whiff from the bottle I thought "Wow", but had not finished that word in my mind when I realized I did not want this on me. But finally I gave it a chance on the skin.It fails completely and utterly. The synthetic and harsh woods collide with an overwhelmingly sickly sweetness and the result is offensive, flat and uninteresting. Hypnotic Poison is like a cheap copy of a perfume I would very much like to try. Since then I've smelled it on hoards of women and sadly the impression is always the same, it doesn't seem to adapt any wearer. 

neutral Almond cookies frosted with coconut-scented sunscreen. Not horrible, but a bland, linear, and very banal gourmand riding on a vanillic tide.What does this have to do with the original Poison!? That's only thing mysterious about this fragrance
neutral Spiced almond woods. Interestingly gourmand but really not that special to me. Slightly resinous and has the same wet textures as foudn in the other perfumes Annick Menardo has done namely Lolita Lempicka and Body Kouros. Just a tad too nutty to really like a lot but would be great for a lady that like the warm scents for the cool wheater days.
neutral I'm really not sure about this.  My first thought was that I have dryer sheets that smell very similar, although not as strong.  My second thought was that it was stomach turningly sweet.  I am sitting here a little sick while it swirls around me in such a cloying way.  That was two little squirts from a sample vial!  I know so many people love this and I think I could see this working well for some one else.  I can see how it could be viewed as yummy-it is very gourmand with the powdery almonds, vanilla and all.  I'm sure after it drys down a little bit I will enjoy it more.  But right now I am fighting the urge to go jump in the shower.      
neutral This was my first fragrance that I purchased mainly because I fell in love with the bottle and thought that I fell in love with the fragrance. Alas, I wore this for a week and then was forbidden to wear it again by friends and family.  It was just too synthetic and overpowering even with one spray.  It makes me think of the witch from Snow White.  She would wear something like this. Something rich, enchanting and evil.
positive I know I've tried this before.  Probably during a sniffing excursion with my mother at Macy's long ago, I tried and liked.  It was before I became "serious" about perfumes.  I am reminded of a sweet, candied accord, well-blended, where notes are difficult to discern.  Sweet, yet floral.  Medicinal in a holistic-formula way.  An odd mix, but delightful.

The top notes blur.  Pretty.  Notes here, I find are difficult to identify individually. Well-blended is good.  Makes me believe I am smelling something special, well thought out.  Bafflement, as I call it secretly, is what I crave.

It smells almost like the taste, of candy cigarettes or those candy necklaces we would buy as a child, in the late 60's / early 70's.  Still, the slightest hints of herbs, dried herbs of some sort, in the background.  And then, a cloud of oriental-style notes, move in.  Sugary still, but with more woodiness and amber, later on.  An almost caramel feel as well...  Creamy, milky magnificently feminine even later...
positive There is really nothing I can say that hasn't been said already. I agree with other reviewers who have called this particular Burberry offering pleasant, comforting, warm, boring, and entirely forgettable. It's been a few years since I've worn this, and I'd like to give it another try. I'm not above boring.

EDIT: After a few weeks on this site, I realize that I've been a Michael Almairec fan for years and didn't even know it. I'll definitely give this another go.
positive I miss this scent.  When I get a chance I'm going to pick it up again.  This one is classy and lingering.  It is a good blend for a non-floral day.
positive I'm male. My wife has this bottle and I've worn the juice several times. It's almost too much at the top, but the dry down is wonderful and addictive. I consider it unisex, but I like to wear some other feminine fragrances as well so it could just be me. She also has the flanker Brit Sheer which I'd like to swap for something else. (Her third bottle right now is Chanel No. 5 Eau de Parfum which works nicely on my skin - I love that stuff). 

On my wife, the Burberry projection and sillage is just ok. I think she's light on the sprays.

I think this is a good fragrance for staying with its wearer during the day (it doesn't fade too quickly or give me olfactory fatigue).
positive I love when something surprises me and makes me question what I think I know about myself.

On paper, I would have never given this scent a chance. Until I smelled Burberry Classic, my favorite perfume was Prada Prada. I thought I only liked resinous, powdery, earthy scents. I was positive that I hated gourmand or fruity perfumes. 

But on a whim, one day I sprayed Burberry Classic on me while shopping in a department store. 30 minutes later, I was retracing my steps to the fragrance counter to purchase what was the most delicious thing I'd ever smelled. I wanted to eat my own arm. This perfume and my body chemistry are like totally LYLAS BFFs. 

Just a few months later, and I'm already on my second bottle. I REGRET NOTHING! Honestly, I've never craved a scent as much as I do this. I feel sort of sad on the days I choose another scent from my wardrobe. I'm always eager to come home, shower, and put my Burberry back on. Burberry Women is just comfortable. It's comforting. It's home.
positive      To me and my untrained nose, this has a light rosy scent to me.  I guess that is the geranium that my nose is picking up from it.  I like it very much as it is not harsh or screechy.  I like the way it makes me feel when i wear it; calm and serene.  
     I am new to describing notes or accords of fragrances, but they seem to put you into a sort of a halo of scent for lack of a better way to describe it.  Some halos seem to imprison you in them making you want to escape from it, others make you feel comfortable and serene inside it.   This fragrance does the later for me.
positive This smells so gorgeous on my skin, it's absolute heaven in a bottle. It's a great scent for any occasion, it's comforting and feminine.

positive A new favorite, I'll keep buying this one. Love the warm, cosy way I feel wearing it. I am going to try the other Burberry scents as well.
positive very ellegant perfume, for evening wear.However it has a "cleaness" in it that allows you to use it in daytime too without being heavy and annoying for others. I cannot descibe how it smells like and which the main ingredients are-a fact that surprises me-
i get something like woods, amber and flowers from it. definately will buy it again and i advise everyone to try it.
positive On e of my favourites, since first getting a bottle around 4 years ago it is one of the only ones that I always replace... it's an essential now.

Warm, creamy, soft, intimate, peachy, and individual... it's also quite classy and yet sweet and endearing.  I get a lot of compliments when I wear it and people always want to know what it is.  I've also had a hard time finding it as it's been invariably listed or advertised as different names, subsequently I purchased a bottle of Burberry London, thinking that's what it was only to be disappointed as I don't really like London much...
positive Interesting — obviously a fragrance that performs differently on different skins.  I think it is a shape shifter because I get somewhat different reactions every time I test it.  It begins with an accord that I have difficulty categorizing.  I get a soft creamy lavender / bergamot accord and definitely some mint, but I don’t get an herbal effect from the mint or the thyme.  At first I didn’t smell any fruit in the mix, but each time I tested it, the fruit note became more apparent.  But even after several testings, the opening accord has not become excessively sweet. It’s an excellent opening that I’ve come to appreciate.  It gives a neutral warm feeling without emphasizing any particular note.  I find it abstract, quite modern, and casual.  The heart of the fragrance IS identifiable — it is woody and creamy.  To my nose, the cedar and sandalwood stand out with the strong assistance of the geranium and the jasmine.  I love this middle accord — the cedar is beautifully presented because it is used with such discretion.  It has a warmth to it that I usually don’t get from cedar, and the middle accords are long lasting and entirely sniffable.  The drydown turns somewhat recessive, though.  The amber simply doesn’t come through for me, although the sweetness of the tonka and some vanilla does.  Without the amber, the drydown strikes me as rather thin.  In spite of the drydown, this is a good fragrance:  It’s never going to be a classic, but it’s a pretty fragrance that will hold its own as a trustworthy casual.  The top levels are enjoyable and competently done.  The drydown could and should be fuller and broader, but all things considered, it’s a thumbs’ up.  


positive Burberry Women is a clean, yet warm, musky fragrance that is subtle as an everyday perfume. BW is the girl next door, she was taught to be polite and sophisticated, yet down to earth and always approachable. I love that this perfume is not a floral, yet so feminine. It has an ambery, woodsy, vanillic base, with a hint of spice. Its sweet, but not too sweet. I love the musk  and apple notes I smell in this. The apple makes this scent a real snuggler. It brings to mind moods of staying in, with a loved one, watching a movie, fire place roaring, and red wine on hand. This is a perfume that may always be in my wardrobe because its such a no brainer scent.  Its one of my go to perfumes for good reason. Its last forever on me and lies close to my skin. Those who are lucky enough to get close enough to catch a whiff, will no doubt be charmed.  This fragrance is the ultimate Burberry.  The best of all the others.
positive This sure is nice when the temperature is below 10 F.  It makes you feel warm and cozy.  I do pick perfumes sometimes based on how they make me feel and this one is warmth to me.  I'm a big fan of vanilla and amber so that may also have something to do with why the more I wear this the more I like it.  I bought it for the first time years ago when it was Burberry London.

Was in the Burberry store today and was told that Burberry London is being discontinued.  Because at one point this was known as Burberry, then Burberry London, and then back to Burberry I went into a panic.  They didn't have any of the plain Burberry.  Went to Sephora this afternoon and bought a bottle of Burberry just on case they decide to discontinue.  Also bought some Burberry The Beat while at the Burberry store.

I'm so tired of the perfume companies reformulating and discontinuing.  When I was in Sephora I tried a couple of scents.  All the new perfumes smell alike to me.   Artificial vanilla, overly floral, or overly citrus are predominant.  They all have a chemical smell and hurt my nose.  That's why I'm buying extra of the ones I like.
positive Does anyone else get...MOLASSES?? And I mean that in a very, very good way, lie the really dark, strong stuff that sits way back in the pantry, just waiting to be added to some luxurious, yet simple, treat. Maybe this is what another reviewer called "carmel apple." Yeah. I get that. Yummy. Just add black current and spice and you've got me hooked. Very original. Syrupy but somehow not in a bad way, probably due to the cedar in the base. Ok I'm getting molasses again.
positive Oh how I adore this scent. It was my signature for YEARS and now I'm trying to find something new and break my habit. *sigh*No sillage??? are you kidding? this fragrance wafts in the air for me- albeit shortly compared to some other scents I own (Bulgari; Bright Crystal).I always get compliments on how I smell when wearing this- it is so inviting. Men adore it and I agree that it is very much unisex in smell. I love the apple and warm amber smell. It reminds me of a caramel apple- and who doesn't like those?To me, it is along the lines of Versace Signature pour femme. It is unassuming yet daring. I love it!
positive I would like to echo the business perfection of this.  Burberry classic is a beautiful mix that is feminine enough to embrace, but masculine enough to make this perfect for wearing perfume that doesn't scream for male attention.  Our first impression on first sniff was... British.  
positive Usually, I prefer some *sillage*. But this skin scent is so elegant and simple, it is impossible not to respect. It's a perfect balance of elements (i.e., fruit, musk, leather), which create something feminine yet staid. It has a very identifiable character and "personality", which I consider a hallmark of a great perfume.This is my scent for when I need to be "pulled-together" and business-like. And yet it isn't at all unsexy.Don't let the fruity designation or the top notes put you off: this is no teenage sweetie-pie. 
positive This is a wonderful scent, and quite unisex, IMO. The opening is an interesting blend of fruits (peach and apple are both identifiable) and harder to define spice notes. This opening is a little bit loud, but relatively unique, and quite pleasing.I have no idea where the topnotes in the pyramid above came from; they doesn't reflect the opening at all.As the scent evolves, it gradually dries into a very dry, dusty, almost resinous amber and mossy sandalwood accord, which maintains softening sweet element. I could swear that there's good helping of oakmoss in there, but I could be wrong. This compelling and versatile drydown is why I don't hesitate to wear this scent myself. My girlfriend likes it (finally, she likes something other than a vanilla-beast oriental!!), but I steal it occasionally. Big thumbs up. 
positive a perfume with a happy tone...
positive Though not my personal favorite, it seems that guys seem to really like this scent.  Doesn't seem very feminine to me.

negative Burberry for Women is a warm, slightly sweet fragrance. It seems to meld luxuriously with your skin and I can understand why some people describe this as a classy, sexy fragrance or sprinkle the word 'cashmere' around as a reference - but I just don't like it. There is a men's Lynx (Axe in the US) deodorant that smells exactly like this - I think it's the Africa one, but I'm not exactly sure. I've always hated it - a sourness over sugar discord. Admittedly, Burberry for Women is a nicer, smoother, more luxurious version of it, but when you smell like cheap male deodorant, you smell like cheap male deodorant.
negative I made a blind buy of a bottle called Burberry London--from before it was re-named just "Burberry." Feels like I'm wearing a completely different scent from the notes described above. I don't get lavender, bergamot, or mint, as listed in the notes. I get something creamy, sort of fruity (peach?) that has a sweet almost root beer or cotton candy tinge to it. And a very faint edge of something weird--if I were more knowledgeable about perfume, perhaps I could name it. It's like an almost fleshy scent, like the inside of your nose. Like fresh meat inside plastic. Is that strange? I want to say I like this perfume, but I can't, because of this strange thing I detect.  I'll try it again, and see if it grows on me. 
negative Another headache inducing fragrance for me. It seem to be a popular choice around here in Asia, so I give it a try. Bad pick for a Sunday night testing as I gotta work tomorrow and right now I feel so dizzy. The opening of heady, sickly sweet notes hit me like a ton of bricks. Then comes something green and bitter, so bitter I still can feel it in my mouth. I don't recall if I have smelled this on a person. It's just not for me. 
negative Thi perfume seems to be invisible on me.  I am now using it to spray in the bedroom.  It doesn't last very long at all.  I have taken to Lolita Lempicka instead--a scent you can actually smell.
negative I bought this early on in my addiction, and really wanted to love it.  Sadly, there is a lingering smell of soap in it to me.  If you remember the way that bubble-blowing liquid soap solutions smells, that is what I'm talking about.  The other notes smell nice, and it seems to be well made.
negative The musk in this perfume is so disgusting and its so powerful I can't even take it off even after showering myself. 

neutral The note pyramid doesn't hit the target for me, except maybe for tonka and an amber that is decidedly vanilla.  This perfume smells gourmand to me, like a creamy, vanilla, coconut, praline pudding underneath some tart top notes that were ambiguoulsy citrus--even though only bergamot is listed--along with lavender and mint, which are rather incongruous with vanilla.  I  can't say that I like it much.  I do like the flanker, Burberry Brit.  That one greatly pleases me for no easily explainable reason.  
neutral This is a rather hard to find fragrance due to it being listed under so many different names eg. Burberry for Women, Burberry Classic, Burberry London etc. When I eventually found it I had my fingers crossed that I hadn't been searching for something that was going to be a disappointment.

Disappointed, I was not. Crazy about the scent? No, not really.

This fragrance is light, creamy and warm. Unlike other Burberry scents, I felt that this fragrance stayed very close to the skin, making it an intimate perfume. When I smell Burberry Woman I immediately think of a hot sunny day, so I'd most likely wear this during the warmer seasons.

The peach, apricot, pear and black currant add a fruity freshness to this scent without making it too sour or overpowering. This is actually a fruity opening that I rather enjoyed.

I don't get a lot of jasmine in this fragrance, however the musk is fairly strong. Overall the scent is comforting and suitable for any age group, but with that being said this fragrance didn't grow on me because I found it rather linear and common.

It's not the best perfume choice if you're looking to stand out from the crowd. Burberry Woman is friendly and casual, not sexy, romantic or outstanding.


neutral I wish I still liked this perfume. I used to wear it to the office every day, but I now find it too cloying. Maybe having a couple of kids has changed my sense of smell. 
neutral I actually liked how this smelled when I purchased it at the Duty-Free in the airport over Christmastime.  But, after attempting to wear it regularly, I found it much too sweet and too boring, especially for the price tag.  On my skin it smelled like little more that a very sweet sandalwood and amber and pretty much stayed that way for a long time.  It definitely has great longevity.  However, I like the scent when it is not used on me.  I spray it in the bathroom and on my sheets sometimes and it smells very good for both those purposes.
positive Le Labo Rose 31 is a beautiful, alluring, ethereal fragrance for those of us who adore the contained fragrance notes.  While marketed as unisex, to me Rose 31 leans feminine, which is something I look for whenever I attempt an oud fragrance, or a perfume with oud listed as an ingredient.  Lovely, calming, embracing...I just love this fragrance.

So yes, Rose 31 opens with the expected blast of rose, sharp cumin and the usual spices...notes that give the perfume a very spicy, bitter introduction.  But within 30-60 seconds, Rose 31 morphs with drier, more subtle rose, some cedar, a beautiful oud scent, etc.  The dry-down is more lovely, grounded "old" ROSE...a rose fragrance like something you might expect if you pressed a rose between the pages of an old book, cedar, woodsy notes, musk...and ROSE.

The end result is lovely for me, as many rose-oud-musky-woodsy fragrances tend to remain too "fresh," or too "green" on me.  Not this one.  The interplay between the various notes makes this an interesting, non-linear, peaceful & soothing fragrance.  As an aside LL Rose 31 is not at all powdery, which is another note I dislike in many rose, violet, iris, jasmine, or other floral fragrances.

So, Le Labo Rose 31 is "old rose world" without becoming too "old-lady"-ish, or victorian.  I like this fragrance a lot.  Just wish the fragrance had more staying power, especially at this price point.

Now I'm torn between buying a full bottle of LL Rose 31 or Bella Freud 1971...

Le Labo Rose 31 is truly a unique and beautiful twist on the much tried, saturated rose fragrance perfume market!
positive I'm not denying that this is a fascinating rose unlike any I've smelled before. It's full of exotic spices and woods, never goes too powdery or sharp like some rose orientals wind up becoming. This is incredibly well done and unique, certainly worth it's price tag, for those who do not have a very specific scent association like I do.

I'll just briefly mention it so you understand why this fragrance and I will not be able to rendezvous again. When I was a girl, I had a babysitter who would take me to school and would also bring a few other girls to school. We would stop by their house and sometimes they wouldn't be ready so we'd have to go in and help them. There were four of them, so as you'd imagine the house was in total chaos. They had 2-3 chihuahua dogs and had a tendency to leave 'puppy pads' out everywhere. There house had the smell of this perfume. That's not to insult this fragrance, on the contrary I'm looking back now and I'm impressed that there house actually probably didn't smell that bad. I never thought their house smelled disgusting or anything, just that it was always a mess and I didn't understand why I myself had to help someone else's kids get ready myself when I was the same age as them and needed to get to school. But now I'm rambling, so I'll close...

It amazes me that some fragrances can take you back to a specific time or memory like this. I never experienced it before when I used to hear other people talking about it I thought they were just being overly fanatical or trying to sound more intelligent about fragrance, but now I totally get what they're saying. I can't explain it but I know it's true, and sadly in this case it's making this fragrance undesirable for me. 

I still recommend this as a must try for anyone who likes rose fragrances and wants to venture into the niche realm. This is one of the most interesting ones I've smelled to date. I really do appreciate the craft and beauty of this, it's just my brain that can't love this one.

Sillage and longevity were good, but not amazing. Around 6-7 hours with average sillage on me.
positive The best dirty-rose scent that I've smelled. Has a sexy feel to it from start to finish. I prefer this over Declaration d'Un Soir but both are high on my list of fragrance likes and tops for rose fragrances.

The rose is there throughout but always in support of everything else going on, like the cumin in the beginning and then the soft and spicy, woody drydown.

I actually like this better on my wife, so while I do still think its unisex, it leans feminine to me. I still enjoy wearing it because I just keep smelling it on my skin and thinking how good it smells.

Projection is above average while longevity lasts all workday for me.
positive Notes:
Top: Rose, Cumin
Middle: Rose, Vetiver, Cedar
Base: Musk, Guaic wood, Olibanum, Labdanum, agarwood

Le Labo's Rose 31 is quite possibly the best unisex rose fragrance on the market. Rose fragrances have a reputation of being either very demure tea rose snowflakes, or brash and garish in-yo-face hello kittys. Rose 31 is expertly blended with great ingredients-  its light but still full-bodied rose note is filtered through a dash of cumin, dusted with cedar, and softened by a base of woody oud and musk. The overall affect is of a medium-rare woody and spicy accord softened by rose water. If you find something such as Czech & Speake's No. 88 as too much of a good thing, this is a fantastic alternative. 

Rating: 8.75/10.0
positive Wow. An amazing rose scent. Rosey enough for a woman to wear, woodsy enough for a man. Beautiful grasse rose with a smokey wood undertone. Suitable for formal or every day wear. I think it smells more in place during the winter months, because it has a holiday vibe to it. Up there with Rose Ikebana at the top of the rose fragrances for me.
positive 2020 EDIT: Rose 31 has become a go-to scent for me. Full disclosure: when I'm starting to stink and don't have time for a shower, a few sprays of Rose 31 in each armpit somehow creates magic.  The mix of Rose 31 and body odor generates a splendorous, shockingly beautiful aura of spicy leather and sharp, rosy vetiver that's SOOOOO muh better than it smells on clean, cool skin...

MY ORIGINAL REVIEW:  This was the first expensive niche perfume I ever bought.  I thought I was being so brave wearing a rose perfume, and smelling it now, I just laugh that I ever thought this was anything other than butchness defined.

Rose 31 is probably the best display of Le Labo's signature grit.  It's that mix of faux castoreum, smoky leathery tar, and upfront cumin that comes together to smell like very old, very dirty, very sweaty leather.  It's what gives the funk to a lot of Le Labo perfumes (their Patchouli, Oud, Vetiver, and the like).  Here, the funk is paired up with cedar and a beautifully executed mix of vetiver and rose.  There's a wonderful fusion going on under the grit, a perfect green dewy watery rose, though beyond the topnotes, it mostly just  brightens and uplifts the dirty elements - I doubt much of anyone would smell this blind and say "oh, it's rose!"

Side note: if you're OK with the ridiculousness of paying $65 for 8 washes worth of soap, the Rose 31 laundry detergent is wonderful, focusing on the vetiver/cedar/rose fusion instead of the dirty elements, leaving bedding and towels smelling utterly fantastic.
positive The "Human" Rose...

Now, this is one I like very much. There is something about it which strikes the perfect balance between beautiful and dirty, sensual and soft, dry and wet. Rose 31 has all of those things.

I love rose fragrances, but I know they can sometimes be hard to wear. This is one I think everybody would like. It mixes Caraway, Myrrh, Vetiver, Woods & Spices with the Rose. The Rose here is full and prominent yet at the same time soft. It doesn't feel overwhelming in any way, nor does it scream "Rose!" in your face.

It's one I definitely appreciate. A very beautiful fragrance which is worth a try from anyone who wants a different take on Rose, or who doesn't like Rose fragrances in general. This may be a good starting fragrance for that.

Rose 31 is the very first fragrance I've tried from the house of Le Labo. I tried it along with the shower gel, shampoo, conditioner & body lotion. In fact, those alone are enough to perfume your body for the entire day! I recommend this one and it has made me interested to try more from the Le Labo range. Really good.
positive To me, this smells like Fever Pour Homme by Celine dressed in evening formal wear. A little sparse but rich with spice. The cumin wears on me after a bit but the rose shines beautifully bright against the inky-black olibanum backdrop, like a finely cut ruby at a jeweler's shop.
positive This is a pleasant sweet rose that walks the unisex tightrope nicely, being a dark enough rose for men but maintaining an overall floral character that's flattering for a woman.  It's not my favorite rose, and as a man, I'm not sure I'd reach for it, but Rose 31 does seem to express its main note in a very full manner.  The sweetness of the cedar and guaiac wood take a suitable backseat to the rose while rounding out any sharpness with their own subdued sweetness.

Longevity and projection are definitely weaker than most of the Le Labo EDPs that I've tried, so it would require quite a few sprays to obtain a strong projection and/or substantial longevity, but men especially might consider it useful that Rose 31 is a little weaker if it leans slightly feminine.  I don't, as my opinion is generally that a fragrance needs to be stronger when the price exceeds double digits.  Still, I enjoy this as a pleasant rose.

7 out of 10
positive This is my first introduction to Le Labo, and I am pleased, thus far!
I am reviewing the Rose 31 Oil.

If I had known this was out there, I might have stopped scrambling to find that perfectly fall, but wearable all-season rose. You see, there is something decidedly perfect in this that says "I'm more than a pretty flower". This is why the Tudors and Yorks chose this flower as their symbol - it has a power beyond just a pretty flower. There are thorns, and they can be sharp. There is a dark side to the rose, and a bloody history surrounding it. And it is a demanding plant. God knows, those who cultivate them are crazy! Wonderful people, though, but they must treat these plants as though they were sentient beings if they will them to survive and bloom!

Rose 31 as an oil lays close to one's skin and lasts nearly 16 hours on my skin. A delight to layer, or wear alone. It deserves a place in everyone who says they love rose's wardrobe. Truly. 
positive This one throws a mighty tantrum with an angry blast of cumin before regaining its composure and heading off, cool as custard, to the soirée. Seconds after that seriously niche overdose of cumin, an aldehydic, transparent rose in the classic French manner begins to expand and push the cumin into its place – which is a little corner marked ‘animal’. This tension resolved, Rose 31 gains a formal poise, the rose staying light and floaty, the woody base (quite generic to my nose) adding pleasing warmth, and the spice contained to a level that won’t trouble civilization.
Just when I was thinking that though it’s a thoroughly decent perfume, it somehow lacked the sheen that one expects from this high end and that I’d probably be just as happy with a cheaper designer aldehydic rose, there was a further twist. The soirée a success, this rose decided to give its feet a break and take a back seat, and let a rich combination of sweetly spiced woods take over. This late stage is enticing, almost creamy, and confirmation that Rose 31 is earning its keep.  

positive I have always found rose based scents difficult to pull off. Rose 31 is one of the few scents with prominent rose that I decided to add to my collection. 

The gender related ramifications are possible with this fragrance too, but it is also one of the very few instances where the quality and the "feel" of a fragrance are sufficient to override any sort of doubts. It is so addictively beautiful that nothing else matters, really. 

The balance of rose and spices here is exceptional. You get both early on, including a generally formidable cumin note, but they create a very unique balance and synergistically enhance each other. One of the few scents that I literally cannot stop going back to wanting to smell over and over...

But as with many other scents, there is also a time and place for Rose 31. I do not see this is as a good choice for a football game at a bar with your mates, but it would be a fine choice for a cool summer evening with a loved one. 


positive Don't let yourself be put off by the worst approach–ever to customers in their boutiques. Although being rude and arrogant in the shops, some of the Le Labo pieces are wonderful and worth it. This one is a masterpiece. I would advise to purchase online because that's the far better experience...

10/10
positive Easily the best wearable rose fragrance for men. I don't get much of the cumin which is a good thing; but I do get the spice, which is a good thing too, because without it, it would just be boring. The rose note is green and "dewy", like roses, mixed with the morning air, after a rainy night.

By far the best rose fragrance I have tried thus far. High quality, natural smelling, long lasting, and somewhat unique. I have yet to find a cheaper alternative though, but the journey continues.
positive Genre: Floral

Rose 31 is a dry, doughy, and peppery rose from the moment it lands on my skin. The rose is accented by attractively bitter green notes and bold cedar, which soon blend into a seamless, stark, and dusty rose accord that projects strongly from the skin and leaves plenty of sillage behind it. There’s a bit of powder, along with something mildly astringent in the background, and these notes can make Rose 31 a little bit sneeze-inducing if I sniff it too closely. In time the doughy element reveals itself as a tangy, yet well blended patchouli note. 

Rose 31 continues on a straight course for some hours before the floral notes subside to leave a bone dry and powdery cedar-dominated drydown. When compared to some of the other fine unisex/masculine rose based fragrances, Rose 31 seems close to a straight up rose scent. It lacks the dark, spicy profundity of Czech & Speake No. 88, the leather bar cruelty lurking in Montale’s Black Aoud, and the crisp green notes and fruit that decorate Diptyque’s L’Ombre dans l’Eau. In the purity and focus of its rose accord, it comes closer to Serge Lutens’s Sa Majeste la Rose, but where the Lutens rose is moist and voluptuous, the Le Labo scent is desiccated, like dried petals in a cedar box. Rose 31 is a distinctive take on rose, and I’d recommend anyone who enjoys cedar-heavy scents like Tam Dao or Satellite’s Padparadscha give this Le Labo offering a try.

positive A standout by far, the rose is the loud talker for about a few hours then, it dies down but it still remains a lead in this fragrance. The amber also plays a supporting member in this masterpiece along with the nutmeg and cedar. 
positive Got this as a sample.

This is great stuff from the start. I get cinnamon and subtle rose. It doesn't last very long and would probably be better on my wife anyway because it smells exactly like her Chaos by Donna Karan.
positive The opening rose is gorgeous: a rose that is elegant, bright, with hardly any sweetness on my skin, with a green leaf note, beautifully done.  Then caraway with vetiver are added in the drydown.  After about three hours the scent very rapidly collapses and from then on remains very close to my skin. The rose is now only a shadow of its former self, and in spite wood and labdanum making a restrained appearance in the base, this latter phase is not only quite unoriginal but plainly disappointing.  The silage and projection are good throughout the first three hours, and the overall longevity is quite good at six hours overall.  A nice summer scent for cooler days; just hovering at the border between a neutral and a positive score due to the substandard second half.  I ask myself: if this scent would only display the beautiful first three hours and then vanish, would I give it a positive score?  The answer is: yes; so it is an overall thumbs-up, but only by the skin of it's teeth
positive StunningAs soon as I smelled it today at Saks, this perfumed reminded me of L'air du Désert Morocain by Tauer.  It's spicy, aggressive, enveloping, a pungent and intoxicating floral with something grittily delightful beneath.  Originally formulated for men, it made this woman buy it.  Couldn't resist.Pros: Spicy dirty roseCons: 
positive Roses for men!	This is just an absolute gorgeous scent on a man. Seductive without being too feminine. I find it very comparable to Creed Windsor, I'm shocked nobody has already mentioned that! Both are shockingly similar. Bought a bottle the day after I received a sample, Yes........... it's that good. Pros: Long Lasting, incredible sillage and projectionCons: Very Expensive"

negative You're a rose, soaked in formaldehyde, preserved in a glass jar. Your jar is left in a dusty, abandoned workshop, and your only visitors are rodents, which seem to drop in whenever they feel the need to mark their territory. Your existence is timeless, sure, but also sour and deservedly forgotten. Rose 31 by Le Labo.
negative Smells great for a few minutes, then fades.	I purchased a full bottle after reading such hyped reviews and am sorely disappointed. I don't blame it on the house - it is more on me, my skin chemistry doesn't work with it. The smell fades VERY quickly - at best 30 minutes. Smells good while it is there.Pros: Smells like earthy rose.Cons: It doesn't last."
negative Received a sample of this from luckyscent.com. To me this smelled like pure incense , which is not a smell I like. The woodiness is so dirty to my nose that it smells like my own armpit odor :( This is a harsh smokey incense and barely any rose.

neutral Not your typical rose.  This is a floral woody musk. The wood and musk really ground the floral.  I'm not sure how unique it is although I've never smelled anything quite like this.  I do think it leans more feminine however, I can see it manageable for a male as the wood really grounds the rose.  Not much longevity, not much silliage but nevertheless a nice non offensive scent.  
neutral A pleasant enough woody rose but almost no projection or longevity on me - more or less a skin scent within half an hour. 
neutral Le Labo is strangeness for the sake of it, and puts odd quotes from Henry David Thoreau at the forefront of their "manifesto", and styles themselves in a very humorless scientific fashion, with their very name meaning "The Laboratory" in French. Furthering their artistic idiosyncrasies, they don't use any animal products but painstakingly replicate animal notes from synthetics, including their own house-made castoreum proxy, and will even make "fresh" batches of their compositions by compounding them in person at their boutiques (product sold elsewhere is ready-made), signing the name of the client on the empty lines beneath the scent title on the label of the bottle itself. Still not done, Le Labo also amusingly names their scents after a single note despite that note almost always not being the star of the composition, but rather a supporting player, making everything they sell an intentional misnomer. The "dirty yet clean" approach is on full display here with Rose 31 (2006), created by mostly-niche perfumer Daphne Bugey. Rose does indeed open Rose 31, but soon after, is overtaken by everything else in the compositon and leaves the wearer with a clean, musky, slightly animalic, clinically-pleasant fragrance that would seem just like what somebody devoid of levity in lab coat attire would create. Some of Le Labo's other scents, like Santal 33 (2011) actually go somewhere worthwhile with their avant-garde "it is but it isn't" shtick, ending up being something surprisingly enjoyable and if not worth the price, still worth consideration, but not Rose 31.  

Rose 31 does a remarkable job of opening like pure rose petals, almost as if just the bud of the rose found in Creed Fleurs de Bulgarie (1980) was separated from the rest of the plant and suspended in ether for all to sniff. This opening moment only lasts literally but a moment, as arms reach up from chemical Hell to grab at that rosebud, with Iso E Super and ambrette followed by cumin and synthetic castoreum. The hay-like transition from what Le Labo calls a Centifolia rose are caused by a very dry medicinal oud/cedar mixture, vetiver, and olibanum. The base of gaiac wood and musk is where this finishes, with the dirty rolling into the clean laundry musk and soft woody notes, likely also bolstered with synthetics. Wisps of labdanum also come and go near the end, but all I get in the finish is a weak woodsy dry musk with hints of rose, like somebody yanked the Comet cleanser scratch out of Tom Ford Oud Wood (2007) and shoved some musk and rose in it before diluting to half-strength without dropping the price tag to compensate. For all the science and artistic esoterica on display at Le Labo, the performance of Rose 31 is pretty limpid, with just 4 hours of any real radiance, then skin scent for another 4 before reapplication is needed. I won't remind you that very little rose is here because as I mentioned above, Le Labo always makes a supporting player the star of the scent, maybe as some kind of joke, but overall this is probably one of the most "designer" niche scents I've smelled, which I hope is part of some intentional irony on the company's behalf or else this is an absurd ripoff. Rose 31 really is the rose perfume for somebody who wants to pretend they like rose because it seems refined, and as a cool edgy laboratory-themed bottle to show off to confirm their good taste. 

I don't hate Rose 31, but there are much better scents in this vein, even ones that just flirt with being a rose and/or oud fragrance without actually committing, both at the price points this is found, and much much lower. Anything sporting rose and/or oud from the Tom Ford Private Collection or Mancera/Montale is better than this, and anything from more affordable lines like the Aramis Perfume Calligraphy series, or rose-inflected flankers of major designers like Cartier Déclaration d'un Soir (2012) and Yves Saint Laurent L'Homme Ultime (2016) will give more bang for the buck than this. Hell, even Cabaret de Grès (2003) does this better, albeit with a bit more noticeable synthetics, but at least gives performance where Rose 31 lacks. Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle Portrait of a Lady (2010) would at least give people who dropped the similarly-exorbitant asking price for it a full dose of something rose and woodsy, but Le Labo Rose 31 really just sits there and tries to blow smoke rings with the tag line of "the future of luxury [...] lies in craftsmanship", tossing the aforementioned literary figure (and then some) at you while insisting that their little high school science fair presentation is something truly a cut above the norm. Well I'm not buying it, nor am I buying this fragrance. Definitely sample as your opinion may differ from mine, but the neutral rating here is a kindness considering this is one "rose" that should have stayed in the laboratory. 
neutral Rose 31 is a 'rose' fragrance that is beautiful and frustrating. Rose is not the main actor: it's in the supporting cast. This will be unsurprising to anyone familiar with the Le Labo range: Le Labo, for some strange reason, names its perfumes in a manner at odds with the compositions. Most of the names are misnomers, and Rose 31 is no exception.

Back to Rose 31: it is primarily a dry, woody fragrance. There is a mild spicy aspect to the composition, attributable to the cumin; this lends an imagination to the perfume. The other aspect is, of course, the rose. The rose is a sleek, polished, and urbane affair. The dry, peppery woods are a blend of cedar and iso e super notes. This rose-cumin-woods structure is reasonably well done and even attractive. Yet, it is hard not to look beyond the shortcomings. 

The central gripe about Rose 31 is that it is rather thin from the mid phase onwards, somewhat unsatisfying, and too bare bones. Additionally, it is rather muted on skin and duration is about five to six hours based on a generous application. At this market segment one would expect something of a higher quality. Nonetheless, it is an improvement on something like Lumiere Noire pour Homme, with which it shares a similar rose note. Rose 31, though, is in much closer territory to Declaration d'Un Soir - and the latter is at least as compelling as Rose 31, and at a sixth of its price. 

A more concentrated version with less synthetic wood notes in the dry down would be a great improvement. In its current state, Rose 31 yet another niche fragrance from yet another niche brand where everything talks louder and prouder than the product itself: the perfume. 

3/5
neutral Like everything by Le Labo: Weak.
neutral This is a good and quality rose based fragrance.
The opening is strong, dark and sweet rose scent plus some spicy notes.
It doesn't smell like smooth an light feminine rose based fragrances. it's very dark and masculine.
In the mid, the rose note settle down and small dose of woodsy notes and vetiver joining in, but they are weak in the background.
In the base very smooth, light and transparent rose note dominate which isn't masculine and may be feminine for you but it's very natural and pleasant and give you a very relaxing feeling.
Average projection and longevity.
neutral Incense and wood

	This one has a lot of incense and woods (cedar) which smother the rose note slightly, until the florals (rose) kicks in and mellows the whole fragrance. This one could be considered unisex IMO. this one could be worn year round, as long as you go light on the sprays in the spring and summer months.

Pros: Elegant rose
Cons: slight skankiness on intial spray
positive Rose 31 is a transparent rose sitting over a foundation of soft incense and a rather large dose of cumin, but it still continues to be light and airy.  The base of spice and wood is rather long lasting.  This is not a fragrance that I enjoy wearing, but I find no fault with the execution.  

It should be a try for anyone on a rose/incense search, as it offers a slightly different take on these classic notes.  It is contemporary and relevant.  
positive Light rose and cedar combo. Very subtle and elegant. Totally justifies the price imo and one of the staples of my wardrobe.

The rose here is not of like the Amouage's or Montale's, no need to be afraid of a heavy sillage or feminine-rose affections, since this is so elegant, you can easily wear it daily in offices or enclosed spaces. A real joy to wear that one.
positive i pick up more light incense and light cedar more than rose. very appealing and casual. definately different and unisex. i only have a 1ml sample but looking for a good price for the full sized bottle. would be great for the upcoming spring/summer waether!!!
positive I fell in love with this at Liberty London before reading any reviews (probably a good idea anyway), so was surprised to read it's considered a men's fragrance as I think it's one of the most feminine scents I own.  Okay, MY interpretation of feminine (not a fan of florals).  The longevity is impressive and the rose lingers throughout the dry down even as the incense base announces itself.  I get bergamot as a top note which dissipates gently while allowing the rose and incense forth-is that frankincense?  I find the whole fragrance  experience quite mystical really, conjuring the sense of an ancient stone church with  the door open to luscious Spring afternoon.  I am on my second bottle and that's a strong vote of approval from me.  I am heading to London again as I am starting to run low and I remember liking Le Labo's  London exclusive, Poivre 23, as well.


positive Here's what i get from this juice: You're walking through a pasture and you approach an old, abandoned barnyard. The wood is falling apart and rotting. And all around are wild roses growing everywhere. Through the cracks in the walls, from the ground,etc.. Just that aroma in the air filled with roses and a dirty, earthy smell. The smell of the dirty,earthy vibe is a bit stronger than the smell of the rose. You're not smelling the roses up close to your nose, but you smell them all around ,everywhere as if you were just walking through. A very nice, earthy and natural rose scent.
positive Love this stuff. projection and longevity are great. as a young guy i wasnt sure if a rose fragrance would be for me, but this stuff just smells so amazing. imagine a guy wearing a smooth, woody fragrance whos hugging a freshly showered girl wearing a light rose fragrance, and you walk passed. smells so good. i can't wait to wear this on a date/meeting friends
positive This is IMO not a mans fragrance. I bought this blind, and while I'm not regretting it cuz it smells great, I think it's a little feminine. Strong rose from start to finish and some spice to add a little edge. My lady loves it, but I think she's secretly trying to steal it..
positive This is a well-constructed fragrance, don't get me wrong. It just doesn't do it on my skin.

Imagine going into your kitchen pantry and pouring cumin and clove into rose water (smell) then add some Ivory hand soap (smell again), and finally mix it together and dump it on a cedar plank (smell one last time).

It's clean, interesting as it progresses, and I can see why people like it so much. I have to give it a thumbs up, even if I dislike it, as it is a great fragrance. But I'd say it leans more feminine, at least to my nose, due to the heavy powder and rose aspects. I don't get enough spice and wood to really call it a strong play for a man, unless that man prefers sweet, feminine scents or if the wood really shines on his skin. Good for the summer in the daytime. 

Decent sillage, not great longevity on me. The price is prohibitive but a 1ml sample of this is worthwhile to see if it rocks your world.

positive One great creation from Le Labo! Great opening with a blast of rose that pretty quickly is enriched by cumin and incense. I know there is no carnation listed but to my nose and on my skin the concoction reminds me of spicy carnation. Therefore, for quite some time I thought that there is some similarity to early CdG. In any case I thought this is an excellent fragrance. On my skin one small application lasted for about 5 hours. The dry down which I can smell now on my wrist is a somewhat sweet and mellow remnant while the rose has totally evaporated. I thoroughly enjoyed rose 31 and would go as far as purchase a bottle. This sample will go fast!
positive What a marvel and a treat to try this masterpiece! I will second this to Amouage homage as one of the most awesome scents i have ever encountered(although non of the 2 is my favorite;that honor goes to mitsoko). 
I am not a rose fan, indeed i run away from rose scents.
But this one, i donno spicy notes?, has given it a unique balance between the sharpness of roses and
Heaviness of spices.
I currently own 10 ml decant but surely very soon will be buying a full bottle.
positive Le Labo is fast becoming one of my favourite niche fragrance houses. I am already a huge fan of Oud 27, so while I was on a massive rose search, I decided to give Rose 31 a try.

I tested this fragrance knowing full well that it was a male fragrance. Many female celebrities however, delight in wearing Rose 31, so I was game enough to spray it liberally on my skin.

What an interesting take on rose. It is neither too floral nor too masculine. Rose is actually the most subtle note in this composition, with the woods, spices and earthy notes playing for dominance.

Somewhat animalic in its nature, this is dirty, raw rose. The best description I can give is that of a delicate rose mushed into the ground, smoothered in mud, set on fire and drizzled with resins and spices.

Dark, but light-hearted at the same time, Rose 31 is a little bit like Tauer's Incense Rose, but not so smokey. The scent itself, despite its boldness, never becomes too overpowering. I do believe that this fragrance would work well as both a casual and formal scent.

Well, after testing this fragrance I would not categorise it as a strict rose soliflore, nor would I say it is for men only. Surprisingly, rose haters would probably really enjoy Le Labo's Rose 31.
positive Damn. What a beauty.

I get quite a lot of rose out of this, contrary to what some have said. Rose is the star on my skin, complimented by cedar, cumin and an airiness that never becomes too thick or overpowering. 

The cumin note is executed perfectly. It never once smells like BO, it just makes the fusion more interesting. The composition smells somewhat "pretty," yet still masculine - and that's the concept of the fragrance in a nutshell. 

Rose 31 is wearable AND interesting. 
positive Powerful sticky rose up front, then a heart of spicy cumin and pepper and cedar shavings with dried crush rose petals in the background. A bit dense and cloying up front in the top, but nice to have a basically woody scent in the drydown with a Rose underlying it. Feminine smelling in the bottle, but masculine on the skin after the opening. 1 spray, 2 max, and I have dry skin that tends not to prolong. 
The drydown has thankfully no sweetness or vanilla or even much musk, only spicy cedar and vetiver (the dry but non-smoky type) balanced by the slightest powder and remembrance of the rose, along with a good dose of frankinsence. It's romantic, strong and exciting

This is for a night out that will go, well, all night; not for the office.
positive This is a dry, woody rose fragrance from the get go. The rose hits you from the beginning and is slightly floral and green (though not green in the vein of L’Ombre Dans). There is cedar and cumin from the start as well and they play a great supporting cast. These notes persist throughout and this one has great longevity. The rose does fade a bit and you are left with a cedar and cumin dominant fragrance towards the end. If the dark roses are too much for you, then you most certainly need to give this one a shot. 
positive Every Le Labo creation I have encountered has been a work of art.  Rose 31 is no exception.  Expecting a huge rose à la Parfums de Rosine, instead I get rose petals in a spice market with incense burning and food cooking.  It encapsulates a whole world in one whiff.  The complexity of the florals with the woods and cumin is unlike anything else I have smelled.

I adore Rose 31.  Bravo!
positive Anyone who's expecting a bold and deep rose in the same vein of C&S No.88 should be prepared for a big disappointed. Instead if you're up for a woody/incensey/peppery composition enriched by a transparent rose note, this is a fantastic fragrance to check out.

Aldehydes get the party started immediately joined by a massive (but never overdone) dose of cedarwood and some frankincense. A transparent peppery rose floats around adding refinements and character. The fragrance slowly turns into an amazing, slightly powdery, woody/spicy drydonw that lasts for ages (this is the best part IMO even if the huge amount of Iso E Super can result off-putting to someone).

Overall, Rose 31 is more of a woody fragrance than a rose one and brings to mind of many Duchafour's compositions (Paestum Rose above all) for its transparency, radiance and general style. It could have been easily included in the Comme Des Garcons Series 2 Red as Cedar with the only difference that it would have costed 1/3 the price.

Good.
positive Great work about an aerial and transparent rose. It´s clean , semi spiced, half fresh /half dry ... an unquestionable work of art.
I like the way that cedarwood works here and and gives it a sea breeze air.
one thought: maybe the creation is not about the rose flower , but about the concept of the beauty of the rose. 
an absolute must have!
positive I find Rose 31 to have the most wonderful dry-down, I just can't get enough of it.

This was the first niche fragrance that I've tried that I consider to be bottle-worthy in both scent and longevity.


positive Le Labo Rose reminds me of Alexander McQueen's Kingdom (which I adore), but much, much quieter and more refined. On me, it has low-medium sillage, and I don't amplify scents very well. Somewhere in the drydown I get a burst of citrus, like bergamot or something. Which I know is not listed in the official notes!
positive I'm not a big expert when it comes to defining notes, however, I'm good at describing impressions a scent creates. At a first whiff it smells like a sweet, highclass brandy, but this is short term as it really quickly turns into something sweet, spicy but nothing like we're used to in context of sweet that is usually represented by Body Kouros, Le Male, Pi etc.
Rose 31 has a woody vibe to it, element of warm wood is present to my nose, rose itself I cannot expurgate. Rose 31 is deep, sincere, not at all shallow. It represents a good taste, a man with deeper thoughts and senses. 
positive Despite its motley line-up of noses, Le Labo seems nevertheless to be cultivating a house style: transparent yet tenacious fragrances with an underlying woody character that orbit the notes of cedar, gaiac, and oud. Rose 31 is very much in this mold, but adds a sprinkling of cumin and a good slug of rose absolute to the mix. With less cumin than Rose Poivrée (The Different Company), and less frankincense than Incense Rosé (Tauer), this is close in intent to the scorched petals of Duchaufour's Paestum Rose for Eau d’Italie. The best feature of Rose 31 is its drydown and confident sillage, which is fresh, peppery, and feels effortlessly natural. 
positive When I first tried this I thought that my sample was contaminated.  I smelled the rose, but there was alot going on and the cumin comes on strong at first.  However, it settled down quickly and Rose 31 has one of the best drydowns of any scent I have tried. I used up my sample and made plans to purchase a bottle soon.  

This is a rose scent, but it is more than rose and even though the rose is in the mix at all times there is enough to this scent that it is more than just roses and it is beautiful to wear.  Highly recommend to anyone even if you do not like rose.

negative While BN describes this scent as a masculine, many sites say it's unisex, and I wanted to try it just because I love rose notes so much.
Unfortunately, I couldn't detect any rose at all in this frag. Just cumin, cumin, cumin, guaiac wood, vetiver, and cumin. And that was it.
I'm not sure I'd call it a masculine either, though, as it's hard to know what sort of man would want to wear a scent that would make him smell like the kitchen boy at the local Indian restaurant.
Can't imagine anyone being attracted to a guy who wore this, either, unless perhaps a drunken hen party looking for the nearest late-night kebab house. 
Considering it's garnered some good reviews, I can only assume it's been reformulated with much less rose, thanks to IFRA.
On the other hand, if I were on a diet and craving a Rogan Josh, this might help.

negative At first sniff it seems a spicy Rose, but after you can realise that it's like a special effects.To my nose is a Rose reconstructed with strong cumin and other spices (cardamomo??) and cedarwood.

I like Le Labo's work and i love some perfumes like Patchouli 24, Iris and also Labdanum 18,  but this one have nothing of interesting.
negative I find this rose to be neither masculine or unisex, it's clearly a feminine fragrance in my book. And it's also not a particularly good one: quite mature and conservative, something to be worn by an aging frowny schoolteacher with her hair pulled in a knot.

neutral A good example of a fragrance that starts out great only to turn less and less appealing as it develops. In Rose 31, all the good stuff is concentrated in the excellent top notes featuring a beautiful "dirty" rose intriguingly supported by a hearty dose of cumin. However, this compelling start quickly transforms into an unpleasantly sour, almost vinegary, spicy-woody base as insipid as it is intensely persistent.
Unlike many other previous reviewers, I find the rose theme quite distinct here with the rose note present in all stages as the main point of reference. Unfortunately, however, in the long run the opening is neither interesting nor substantial enough to adequately compensate for the disagreeable base. I can therefore only give this a neutral rating, despite its very good start.       
neutral I was expecting something completely different from this and I'm not very impressed overall.
The top reminded me of EDB from L'occitane without the mint; it's that cedar \ fresh cut tobacco accord going on, it's almost overpowering.  The rose in this is very dry, not floral or sweet, and I must say it takes some time for it to show up.  I dunno, I guess I prefer something like noir de noir from Tom Ford when it comes to rose.  No thumbs down because it's not a bad scent, it's just not something I could see myself wearing any time soon.
neutral If I were smelling Rose 31 for the first time, I would have given it a thumbs up. I rather enjoy its subtle rose note that continues well into the drydown as an underlying and identifying scent. But guess what? I have smelled this scent well before its 2006 debut. In the early 2000s I was given a bottle of Estee Lauder's JHL which I wore and liked. This one debuted in 1986.  Minus the cumin note, Rose 31 is a dead ringer for JHL. Imitation is not flattery when it comes to fragrance. There are at least two other scents which also smell like Rose 31: the very new Bond No 9 New York Amber, and Burberry Brit. All four fragrances share the rose note, but it isn't just that - they all remind me too much of one another. If you are a fan of rose as a masculine scent, give this a try. Of the four fragrances mentioned in this review I'd say that Bond No 9 New York Amber smells the most interesting on my skin, but Rose 31 uses the rose note to the highest degree of efficacy. As for the other two, Burberry Brit smells slightly more masculine than JHL which, though pleasant, was a bit cloying. As implied above the neutral is only because of imitation. As it stands alone, Rose 31 should have made it to thumbs up because it really is very nice - just not at all unique.
neutral 
Well I have my Le Labo samples in the post today and have been wearing three sprays of Rose 31.

Just after application I am getting a Cumin note which I usually hate but in this it seems most agreeable and sensual. Then the pink rose comes through which is nice but a bit to perfumery to the nose in a feminine way. 

Then what spoils the party for me is the sythetic iso-e super note that mingles with the rose and cumin notes. As I am smelling the interplay between the rose and cumin this chemical iso e super accord interrupts what could have been a nice interplay between the notes.

The fragrance as a whole seems heavy handed and a bit jarring with the rose been to perfumery with that chemical accord  disrupting any harmony. Iso e super in Amouages Jubilation is well done and adds to the composition. But here it makes the fragrance smell like a ladys underarm deodorant.

After smelling the  wondrous glory of Maison Francis Kurkdjians Lumiere Noire Pour Homme this one comes as a disappointment. 

Overall it smells ok but so do a hundred other fragrances.:sad:
neutral Fragrance Is very linear, not a dirty rose at all very femine...only get 4 hours max on longevity, very dissapointed after buying this on a blind buy.... average fragrance overall nice but not impressed unfornately.
positive I do have to agree with Scentsitivity, what Le Labo was able to do with Rose 31 is create an edgy, gruff, and manly "caricature of a rose".  Where I differ is that I find that to be the allure of this fragrance.  It is the Burt Reynolds of roses.  Furthermore, just like a real rose, this scent blooms from a light and crisp rose bud into a full blown spicy floral.  An incredibly unique and masculine take on a traditionally feminine scent.
positive Smells exactly like wondrwood by comme DES garcons but CdG is nicer because it's more intense .
There is almost no rose scent.
-------—•

I take the above back. It's a lovely amimalic rose.  Lovely combination of spices, incense and rose. definitely unisex! 
Make sure to get at least 4 sprays to truly enjoy it.
positive I consider Rose 31 to definitely fit into the unisex role. It's assertive and somewhat exotic - dessicated rose petals from well-worn boutonniere resting in a cedar spice casket - one that has seen the passage of time. There is a slight hint of distant sweat and urine, but in a very pleasant and comfortable manner. Cue the Noel Coward on the gramophone, I'm ready for a foxtrot.
positive I don't get cumin, animalic, or dirty...not at all.  On the contrary, to my nose, Rose 31 is very soapy clean (think high-end French soap).  In fact, this soapy quality was my first and most prominent impression of the fragrance, and it's still the quality that stands out the most to me.  Like other Le Labo frags, Rose 31 is masterfully composed in that it's exquisitely balance.  The light clean quality of the rose has somehow been isolated and amplified while the heavy floral quality has been muted.  The rose has then been surrounded with light woods and inoffensive spices that make it elegantly round, not sharp.  In the drydown, it smells a lot like Creed's Erolfa, though I like Erolfa much more (it was my first Creed).  Incidentally, like the other Le Labo frags I've sampled, Rose 31 could easily be worn by men and women alike.  Gender lables in perfumery are archaic; in another 10 years, I believe such lables will be obsolete and extinct.
positive I typically avoid roses but i did find it rather interesting to what's out there.  I just thought it could've been a little rounder and a tad sweeter.
positive Very warm, rather exotic - like an incensey potpourri of wood shavings and rose petals on a bed of glowing embers. This was the best part for me; for a moment I thought I had just stepped into a lost ancient temple where dark-robed monks chant long-forgotten mantras in an incense-filled inner sanctum. But back to reality. I hate the cheapo lab bottle design but the drydown definitely smells 'high quality', much in the same vein as the better packaged Amouage's Jubilation XXV. And if you're looking for a masculine rose scent that commands respect, put ROSE 31 on your test list. You'll be glad you did. 
positive Magnificent stuff.  The cedary drydown is lovely.  Can't wait for morning to roll around so I can apply it again.  Giant thumbs up on this one.
positive Love Love Love Rose 31! Out of all my so called niche scents, This is the one that garners the most compliments,           Like wow you smell very fresh and masculine or dam I need to buy that for my husband!  To be honest 
none of them have the longevity that this one has, Seems like 24 hours on my skin, Now I don't know 
about notes and all that other stuff,  But I do know what smells good, and this stuff smells AWESOME! 
positive A very warm and woody rose, reminiscent of other rose fragrances with strong woody/resinous/spicy basenotes such as Diptyque Oponé, Tauer Incense Rosé, Eau d'Italie Paestum Rose and L'Artisan Voleur de roses. Though I'm not a fan of rose scents or rose notes in general, I really appreciate this particular scent category, and Rose 31 is no exception. I don't think I need more than my sample though - both Incense Rosé and Paestum Rose are higher on my "to buy a full bottle"-list. My girlfriend didn't get the rose at all, she thought it smelled like birchwood, and I can see that - the sweetness of the rose blends together seamlessly with the sweetness of wood. To me, that's a good thing, since I'm not the greatest rose fan around.
positive What I like best about Rose 31 is;  it does not try to smell like a real rose.  Weird, I know.  Like a richly fragrant rose boutonniere, worn by a man, the smell of rose is accompanied by notes of wood and touch of green.  Maybe even a touch salty.  As this one wears on, the woods are more prominent...and smells like there's cedar in the base.  I hate to use the terms 'animalic' or 'musky', as they seem too much.   I prefer to say Rose 31 exhibits a slightly mysterious character.  Finding myself repeatedly sniffing at my wrist, I have to say it is compelling and interesting.  Suprising  to see it classified as a masculine ~ for me, it's most definitely unisex!  Like Foetidus puts it, "an inspired (masculine) interpretation of rose", for sure!
positive I really like Rose 31! It starts with what I perceive as a mouth watering, juicy rose accord followed by a spoonfull of incense, wood, and pepper that reminds me of the same combination's impressions in fragrances like CdG 2MAN and Escentric Molecules Escentric 01, though its use here is much more sparing and certainly not as aggressive as it is in the CdG. While cumin can often come across as unwashed or sweaty (as can gaiac wood and cedar wood notes on my skin as well) the ratio of cumin to rose creates a rather tame cumin impression which to my nose really contributes more to the woody, incense-y gaiac/cedar/cistus spoonful impression rather than creating its own impact.  This is an extremely versatile fragrance, one that puts a smile on my face. Though some find it dark, animalic and a little dirty, I don't experience it that way so much. It seems casual -- a fragrance one might reach for several times a week. It's interesting, certainly, but in no way challenging or persnickety. Rose 31 bursts to life in warm weather, highlighting the spicy, woody, tiny bit dirty sly grin elements as well. Many many thumbs up. 
positive Like Jenson, I thought that Le Labo 31 was rose water on first wearing.  Second time, I got a little bit of that cummin note.  My usual inclination is to try it once, maybe twice and form my opinion.  I was thinking this would be a netural rating, in that while I liked it, given its price, it was not earthshattering.  Well, it is just on my mind and having smelled more rose scents in the meantime, this keeps coming back.Czech and Speake 88 is a darker rose for sure, more pungent, more earthy, more projection.  But the 88 goes soapy on my skin, and reminds me of soap my grandmother used to have.  The Different Company's Rose Poivree is much, much heavier on the pepper.  Montales Rose Petals is perhaps more projection, longer lasting, but it is a more of a pure rose scent.  Head up against each other, Rose Petals leans to feminine (but is not a feminine scent) while the Le Labo is certainly the more versatile.
positive The first real rose scent for men. Everyone that ever hated rose will love this one. All you have to love is fresh spices of incense, pepper and vetiver. An amazing scent for men or women! Two thumbs up in my book...
positive I don't know what others are referring to when they say doughy, but it does kind of have that three dimensional quality to it.  To me it smells more like a "winey" rose.  I reserve this fragrance for 3rd dates or romantic occasions in general.  Not overpowering, excellent sillage, longevity is decent.  One of my current favorites, I just don't wear it often unfortunately :-(

negative there is nothing to smell.very very weak, like a joke.
i am in doubt about designer's talent.

negative This is a caricature of a rose.    I find it to be loud and unrealistic.
negative *APRIL 26TH 2010*
This is, by far, my favorite rose scent.  

It's very different from other roses I've tried (Czech & Speake 88, Montale Black Oud, Ungaro III, Voleur De Roses, Domenico Caraceni 1913). 

They're all either very sweet, or have an underlying mold, or dirt like scent to them. This a is dry, some what lemony, peppery rose. 

Very unique scent, with great projection and sillage (8+ hours easily on me). 


*MARCH 8TH 2019*
Back 9 years later heart broken by what this fragrance has become.

If you remember what this fragrance was like from 2006-2015 (a spicy, musky rose masterpiece) then do not buy the current formulation.  

Extremely watered down with performance next to nothing. It's a pathetic shell of what was one of the best fragrances I've ever smelled.
negative Le Labo Rose 31Notes: Grasse rose, cumin, pepper, clove, nutmeg, olibanum, cedar, amber, gaiac wood, oud, cistus, vetiver and animalic notes (from luckyscent.com)Rose 31 smells of rose for a split second after spraying, and then descends almost immediately into a weird smoky floral note that is basically like burning plastic. I am not sure I can get past the petrochemical resin effect, but when I try, I do smell some fresh rose, tar, cumin, woods and a bitter powder note. More than an hour after application, the plastic accord settles down a bit, although there is still a tarry edge that is headache inducing. The rose is more apparent at this point, though, and overall R31 seems a tad more balanced than at the start. However, the smoky woody notes mostly mask the rose rather than supporting it or forming a synergistic blend. The deep drydown is actually quite nice--a leathery rose with the smoke, incense and woods persisting, but much more attenuated. To bad it took so long to get here. For the most part, it is almost as if the rose is an afterthought, added to take the campfire edge off. Or, perhaps somebody slipped up and put ten times the prescribed amount of synthetic oud into the vat. Apologies to fans of this fragrance, but I really don't see what all the fuss is about. I find it nearly unwearable for the first four to five hours.

neutral If you don't love roses, better not go here.
Despite what others have written, Roses dominate.
It's not all that dirty, it's too linear, it's not worth the cost.
Had a sample of Bogart  pour Homme on my other wrist applied at the same time.
5 out of 5 co-workers preferred the more modestly priced Jacques de Paris.
neutral Although I absolutely do not enjoy this fragrance, I need to give credit where credit is due. Immediately, the rose is detectable upon the initial spray/splash of the top notes and for me, that's all I detect. It's a very subdued yet masculine rose that exudes something very sensual but as the basenotes appear, that all changes. One thing, out of all the rose scents that I've encountered, this one has to be the most natural but when the cedar arrives, it ruins the whole aura of the scent. The cedar is too overpowering/cloying and masks everything the rose is trying to present. The two blended extremes almost seem to be competing with one another only the cedar always has the upper-hand. It's just wasn't my type of scent at all but as I said before, I can appreciate the unique blend of cedar and rose and how the two components come together to create something so different and so natural. I'd say that this scent is perfect for someone 40 and up. Maybe if Le Labo ever decides to make a scent that is rose and only rose, I'll invest in it, but I'll save this one for a cedar lover. 
neutral There's rose in here? Don't buy this expecting to find much rose. It's actually one of the  strongest cedar scents I've tried. Cedar is about the only note I find for most of the life of this fragrance. Awfully expensive cedar. To each his own, but it's not for me.
neutral Very light, transparant, soft woody-rose. I picture a rose in a sterile clean room when I smell this scent. Very different than the roses found in Hammam Bouquet, C&S No. 88 or Floris No 89 and the likes.Very wearable, not so much original, and quite expensive. Oh and, I'd say this is perfectly unisex, and a summery floral scent.
neutral Notes: rose, cumin, olibanum (frankincense), cedar, amber, Gaïac wood (champaca), cistus (labdanum), “animal note.”I like this scent, but I feel it could be more.  It is advertised as a rose scent for men – and yet the rose note on me is pretty meager.  What dominates is cumin and cedar.  Thus, I find this to be a interestingly dry, slightly sweaty, woody scent.  The opening is excellent, with dry resinous frankincense notes.  But these quickly get lost in the cumin (sweat) and cedar (pencil shavings) notes.  These are controlled and so not obnoxious, but they are definitely the focal-point.  Somewhere in all of this are hints of rose, but they never successfully surface.Something like Czech and Speake No. 88 does the male rose presentation more successfully, in my opinion.  I like woody scents, and this is well done in that type.  But since the name is rose, it should have more rose!
neutral Well, I bought this blind along with a bottle of Oud 27. I had had a sample of Oud and really enjoyed it but did not have Rose. Reading up on Rose 31, it seemed like my kind of frag. Well, I have to admit that it was underwhelming. Overall I'd characterize this as a very subtle, dry, fresh rose petal & wood scent. It IS nice but it is subtle and it clearly makes you think of a freshly-cut young rose bud, not a big rose bloom projecting its fragrance across a lawn. Now, for all of that analysis, the rose is not the prominent feature of this fragrance - it's a warm, sort of dull woody base, and yes, it is regrettably only a skip and a hop away from my Oud 27. I haven't tried any other Le Labos but from the reviews this may be held in common with other bottles they produce. While this fragrance is nice, it is a bit too subtle, too warm & dry, to justify its lofty price tag. Competition at that level is for some pretty grand creations and grand, this is not - the opposite. My final observation, and this is more than just a nitpick, is that the vaporizer pickup tube in my bottle is cut short. It doesn't reach the bottom of the bottle. When I get down there, it'll leave up to a good 15ml at the bottom that I just can't reach. I"ll have to see if I can pull apart the vaporizer without damaging the bottle to get at that last bit. That's pretty downright disappointing... for a bottle that costs you $200, you sure don't want to open up and find out that there is $30 at the bottom that you'll never be able to reach without modifications! Despite how thoroughly I enjoy Oud 27, I am disinclined to buy or even try any further Le Labo fragrances on account of this bottle.
neutral Rose 31 is my first Le Labo fragrance, recommended to me by a friend who had to twist my arm a bit to give it a shot. I'm glad I did!This is the first rose fragrance I really took seriously, having been under the assumption that all rose fragrances were feminine and uncomfortable for a guy to wear. The image I had was an old lady splashing rosewater or smearing rose moisturizer all over her skin. Not exactly an image I wanted to evoke or portray. But Rose 31, like many have said, isn't really about the rose so much. Yes, it's there - but it's blended enough to become palatable for those who have a rose phobia. The sillage is great in the first two hours, or so. Longevity is 6 hours on me which is just about right.The dry-down is the nicest part of Rose 31. It's classy, elegant and refined. Everybody should try this - especially men, as there are elements of incense and woods that show up during the development that are unquestionably masculine. Don't let rose phobia keep you away. Rose 31 will be a staple in my wardrobe, perhaps not as my favorite rose as I discover some other beauties, but I won't deny its greatness.
neutral Reminds me very strongly of Voleurs de Roses and the difference between the two is that Rose 31 combines the green with wood and maybe some slight animalics in there. The wood and animalics are used to create a certain affect, you do not pick them out and say ' oh this is wood, or oohh I think that is civet' but they warm the fragrance up a little and settles it down on your skin. The opening is very green and made me sneeze. For the price I'd go with Voleurs de Roses and layer it with something if you insist on having the basenotes there. It is warmer and less fresh than Voleurs de Roses, but still very closely related to it.
neutral I find rose fragrances much too heavy and harsh (the only exception being the magnificent No.88). However, I think this one is slightly better than other "rose colossi", like Black Aoud and Voleur de Roses, but still not very wearable.
neutral I don't smell rose, though maybe just a little. I smell what's below the rose bud, the woods and leaves. With a touch of incense. You know, just like Vetiver 46 and other Le Labo's. Seems like what they do is make vats of the same perfume and drop in a dash of neroli, rose, bergamot, whatever into the mixtures and call them that and sell them for large wads of cash monies. What a joke. Fragrance isn't bad.
neutral I've had my Le Labo Rose 31 experience, and I'm here to say, guys, this is a manly rose fragrance--in a unique way. This is an animalic rose on the raunchy side.  It has a funky musk base with a nice, smooth rose heart.   It smells like a man wearing rose fragrance.   In that way, it reminds me of a mild version of Muscs Kublai Kahn with roses.  The only reason I give it a neutral rating is because it smells LIKE a man as much as FOR a man.  Although I would enjoy smelling it on a man, I would not wear it (nor MKK) myself.  If I were a man, I would give it a thumbs up.  To be sure, it is not fecal like Rasa Extreme; rather, it is spicy like sweat and naughty like musk.    This is a well-balanced scent.  The cumin does not bowl you over, as it did in Alexander McQueen Kingdom, and the rose is prominantly featured from beginning to end whereas, in Kingdom, it crept out of the sandalwood as a chypre rose in the final stages.  Rose 31, it is fresh and real.   However, I repeat, it is animalic.  Compared to Lorenzo Villoresi Musk, which is another rose and musk fragrance for men, the LV is clean, even soapy.  The Le Labo smells lived-in, like a man in rose fragrance, straight from the bottle.
neutral starts out, to my nose, like a Rose Poivree or Voleur de Roses lite: peppery, cumin-y, and the "green" rose smell that is like a rose soap almost. I'd say like TDC or L'AP with the volume turned down. After a spell, hmmm, about 30 minutes, it becomes rosy white-musky with a cumin note in the background, as though it were talking audibly in another room. The stuff is nice, don't get me wrong. Will I fork out the TOP dollar for it again... I don't think so. Rose scents are, when done well, sublime. There seems to be this trend afoot whereby rose needs to be made spicy, or cumin'd, and quite frankly I'm over it. Get a new line folks. In my opinion, Montale have done rose to absolute perfection in all of their myriad Aoud collections; that, coupled with Domenico Caraceni and Czech & Speake No. 88, will be the benchmarks of classical rose perfumery. I'll give it a sideways thumb because, well, been there done that. 
positive I haven't been too keen on Le Labo overall, as I find their "sciency-wiency" gimmick and naming things one way but having them smell another to not be so cute as they'd hope it to be, but I rather like Thé Noir 29 (2015). Those not brushed up on French might see this as "The Black 29" but it actually means "Black Tea 29". Yeah, we have another case of not smelling like what it's called, but in this instance, I forgive Le Labo for their quirky misleading single-note titles because what it -does- smell like is pretty damned good. Thé Noir does contain elements of black tea, but the elephant in the room which makes this not what it seems is a fig and rose pair of Siamese twins. You get a big ol' fat dry fig and rose compound note conjoined at the hips which is the true focus of this composition, whether real or just a happy coincidence from the mix of black tea and it's surrounding support columns, but for anyone who has smelled Cartier Déclaration d'Un Soir (2012), Salvatore Ferragamo Pour Homme (1999) or Mancera So Blue (2015), it's a darker take on the same aura. As a whole, Thé Noir is a dark, brooding, dry, "Gothic Romance" fragrance in the atmospheric (but not necessarily olfactory) vein of Salvador Dali Pour Homme (1987) or Portrait of a Lady (2010), just with black tea, hay, fig and tobacco as the canvas for it's rose instead of animalics or ambery synthetics, respectively. This is so far the one Le Labo I'd buy, and the most accessible of the range's most popular creations by far, since Santal 33 (2011) and Rose 31 (2009) are pretty "out there" in comparison to Thé Noir 29. I'm not saying being "out there" is a bad thing, just not a great quality to possess for easing newcomers into a brand, since folks regularly test these at Nordstrom counters where they're most-commonly found.

Thé Noir opens with dry bergamot, which is almost a prerequisite for this psuedo-Victorian style, but the black tea shows it's face pretty early, holding hands with fig on the left and rose on the right, like the top notes are playing a very intense game of Red Rover. It's all pretty stiff and linear going in, which is the biggest weakness of the opening, as a love-or-shove reaction will be had then and there, but if you get passed it, there is some development. Cedar, hay, and vetiver comprise the middle, tightening and firming with grassy and woody aromatics with just enough hay to give Thé Noir growl without feeling like being down on the farm. These middle notes join the simple musk and slight tobacco base near the end. Yeah, there's some synthetic play here, like Iso E Super, but I don't get much else. The tobacco is very leafy and almost invisible against the rest, and the musk isn't very rich, with most of Thé Noir living in the strong top and aromatic middle, coming across as pale, dimly-lit, and mysterious. Sillage is on the impressive side but this isn't a bomb, and longevity is appropriately sufficient given the niche price point. The kicker here is how much do you like dark, dry, leafy tea, fig, and rose on an aromatic bed, and if that answer is "a lot", then this may be right for you. I'd say Thé Noir is too "Depeche Mode" for the work space, but on a night out at a darkly-lit gastro pub or an art exhibit, this feels particularly right. There's a bit of unisex appeal in Thé Noir as well, but it does swing mostly masculine to my nose. 

Thé Noir sits somewhere between modernity and antiquity, as do a lot of things in this perennial genre. Other scents present stronger tea notes, like Bvlgari Black (1998), while still others have a more-prominent rose, like the aforementioned Déclaration d'Un Soir, and if you want to go full-fig, there's Philosykos by Diptyque (1996), so the value in Thé Noir is in it's blending of these themes on an aromatic base. For that reason, Thé Noir is spared from being assessed as an ineffectively expensive option in a crowded samey genre, like so many niche fougères or niche Western ouds, because there isn't much exactly like it, albeit there are many more economical options in the same wheelhouse. Frank Voelkl earned his perfumer stripes making compositions on a much smaller budget for Avon and Kenneth Cole before becoming a Le Labo mainstay, and like his compositions for those houses, Thé Noir displays a certain level of "less is more" efficiency despite being a niche scent, giving it great note separation and a bit of transparency in spite of it's voluminous strength. Niche done like a mainstream cheapie or niche done cheaply? That's for you to decide, but if you're up for the $240+ price tag Le Labo commands for 100ml, this is almost a blind buy for lovers of leafy, floral, dark, aromatic perfumes. For everyone else, I suggest a sample first, lest a steep blind buy make this Gothic romance transform into an Expressionist stage play full of tragedy and long faces. Thumbs up for me! 
positive Yes, this is good, real good. The most accessible Le Labo of them all. The first time I wore it was from the official 1.5ml  sample. I wasn’t blown away but I liked it. The second time I got way more depth. The third time was from the 100ml bottle and wow, kinda stunned. It’s easy to wear and the sillage and longevity are deceiving as it’s a little softer than you might think, but it lasts and projects. Really like this. A lot. Gentle black currant and fig tea that’s different enough from the rest to really stand out.
positive Most likely the best scent from Le Labo that I've encountered so far, Thé Noir 29 can honestly be rocked by men and women. The initial scent is pungently sweet despite having tobacco and cedar in the notes. The dry down is very pleasant, however, as it begins to become very fresh and crisp. I love it for chilly mornings because the smell is very similar to tea imo. Wish the price would be a little lower doe, there very well could be cheaper alternative. 
positive The Noir 29 opens with an absolutely lovely fig/tea/spice opening that takes the fig note in a uniquely dry and aromatic direction. Unique and highly wearable. I love the opening accord - and it lasts quite awhile.

As the middle and base approach, the dry and aromatic tea very gradually morphs into more of an agricultural hay note, and you don't really realize what's going on until all of the sudden...where did that hay come from? This is a distinctly "wet" and somewhat sweet hay with the addition of tobacco and musk (big contrast with the relatively dry feel of the tea in the opening), and I'm starting to worry that this is going in a murky and swampy I'm not going to like. 

Luckily, the hay dries out and cedar as vetiver enter the picture. And there it stays until the end. A (still surprisingly strong) woody hay note with a shading of fig and tea in the background. Longevity and projection are both fairly impressive. Really good and interesting stuff. 
positive The noir 29 has tricked me. This is by far the best fig based scent I have tried. The opening has predominant tea note along with some herbacious wet soil feeling along with lush figgy note. This goes on for about 1-2 hours and then the ceder wood comes in and joins the fig. On my skin this one was tricky. It was little soft at the begining but became strong later on. It had an amazing projection and got compliments on the first wearing itself. Longevity is stellar. 10+ hours. This is a must try for any fig lover. This had a happy feeling written all over it. So damn happy with it. Great release by le labo. 

positive The opening starts with a blast of only minimally sweetish fig, some bergamot and the eponymous tea accord.   On my skin that is a light and brightly discrete tea, not at all dark or smoky like Bvlgari Black, but brighter than Tea for Two, for instance.  This tea note is not dissimilar to Gucci Pour Homme II in its discreetness and lightness, although it has more presence than GPH II.  This tea note lasts well into the begin of the base notes. 

The drydown adds a discrete cedar note, with green leafy whiffs present intermittently, and in the base a somewhat mediocre musky impression appears too. 

The sillage is moderate, the projection very good, and I get eight hours of longevity, which is excellent.  This is a nice scent for warmer autumn days that is structured very well, very convincingly blended and, with the exception of the dull musk note towards the end, uses high-quality ingredients.  3.25/5. 
positive The Noir opens with an aromatic fig and mild orange-laced black tea leaf accord with a slight supporting cedar wood undertone. Moving to the early heart, the aromatic black tea accord deepens, taking on a mild smoky tobacco-like facet with the underlying slightly synthetic smelling cedar wood also more prominent. As the composition moves through its heart the slightly synthetic smelling woods gradually fold into the aromatic black tea, never being completely masked, but very well-integrated to the point that they almost seem like another aromatic facet. During the late dry-down the composition shifts gears completely as the aromatic tea and cedar vacate, revealing smooth musk, gentle vetiver and a touch of vanilla in the base through the finish. Projection is average, but longevity excellent at well over 12 hours on skin.

One of the most consistently excellent active perfumers today is Frank Voelkl. Apart from his stellar work elsewhere, Voelkl has produced most of Le Labo's impressive offerings with compositions like Santal 33, Ylang 49 and Iris 39. Now, we can add The Noir 29 to his list of winners. The composition immediately impresses with its brilliant use of fig to amplify the aromatic aspect of the featured black tea accord. Voelkl then brings out a similar slightly synthetic smelling cedar wood to the stuff used in his modern masterpiece Javanese Patchouli for Zegna. Unlike Javanese Patchouli where the smooth, dominant patchouli soaks up the woods primarily; in the case of The Noir, the synthetic woods are harder to hide and at first I thought they might be problematic. Luckily, after further review the answer is "No," as about a half hour or so into the heart phase the woods gradually get absorbed into the black tea accord. No, they are never obscured, but they become a key facet of the overall presentation, so skillfully integrated to the point that their slight synthetic nature becomes even a positive rather than a distraction, with an added tobacco-like facet providing a new element to counter them. The late dry-down is a bit of a mundane pleasant musky vanilla-like affair that won't set the world afire, but it somehow works as a nice change-up from the earlier aromatic wood-laced black tea. The bottom line is when I saw Voelkl's name associated with the $240 per 100ml bottle The Noir 29 I strongly suspected I would love it, and true to form it fails to disappoint with its "excellent" 4 stars out of 5 rating, earning it a strong recommendation to all.

negative You're sitting in time-out wondering why you're munching on some sour Fig Newtons, drinking sour rosewater, and sitting on some sour, wet hay in a stuffy barn. The Noir 29 by Le Labo.

neutral Looking at the profile and notes of TN29 I knew instantly that it was for me. I'm a giant fan of fresh/spicy/gourmand/ozonic/balsamic (I know,I know) frags so rather than waste my money on yet another beautiful dud that lasts 4 seconds on my skin (I'm looking at you, Santal Royal/Oud & Bergamot/Terre d'Hermes) I thought I'd get a decant off eBay. Which, by the way, was everything I was hoping for: lush, juicy fig, a breezy but definite tea note, incensey, warm but exhilarating. And it lasted hours and hours and I knew I'd found my new signature as Royal Oud is proving too expensive a habit. 
Fast forward to ordering a full bottle. Even as I opened the stopper my heart sank. It smelled thin, watery and stank of disappointment. It lasted all of 15 minutes on me. I sold the bottle on eBay a few days later. So my question is this: was the decant from the 2016 bottle 'off' or had it matured beautifully? Should I have waited three years for my bottle to develop?! Or am I anosmic to all the scents i love? So infuriating.
neutral The Noir 29 is a remarkably polished and alluring blend of fig, tea and an accord that hints at a dry, dark rose. It starts off with a citrus laced accord of fig and black tea, airy and radiant. There is a hint of rose, and I perceive minimal musks; I don't detect any hay or tobacco. It's translucent but persistent; I smell a lot of synthetic woods in the dry down. There is a passing hint at Cartier's Declaration d'Un Soir, but The Noir 29 has more dimensions. It has an unusual freshness, is quite clean and crisp, and has surprising sillage with good duration, based on a moderate application. It is dressy, and perhaps more suitable in cooler weather. 

I loved The Noir 29 the first time I wore it, but thereafter realised a problem; the perfume is too sharp for me because of the synthetic notes, especially what I perceive to be woody-ambers (even though I don't find it ambery). This is even more surprising since I love and wear a fair number of perfumes that are too sharp/synthetic for many, such as Portrait of a Lady and the aforementioned Declaration d'Un Soir. The sillage of The Noir 29 is very elegant on someone else, and this is definitely complimented upon by others, based on personal experience. However, it becomes too jarring for me when I wear it; which is a little sad, since I like the scent. 


3/5 
neutral For me, this scent was too intense and robust even for an evening scent. Others seemed to like it on me. But, after an hour of wearing it outside on a hot day it, it remained overpowering and cloying. It did not mellow or complicate as I'd hoped it would.
It reminded me of a beautiful yet melodramatic woman who must always be the center of attention. 

That said, there was something intriguing behind the Look At Me! shouting. I might like it if I blend it down to 1 or 2% strength and apply it very judiciously to avoid overwhelm. Even the lotion was trop fort.
neutral This smells alot like Rose 31 to me, but I think that's on purpose.  I remember reading somewhere that Noir 29 takes from Rose 31 and then combines with other notes, almost like a flanker.  Could be wrong there but also see on FN that it gets compared to Baie Rose 26.  I like the smell of this and tried to pull it off as a guy but I think I'd like this better if I smelled this on a female that happened to pass by. Summary, it smells good, just not as versatile as I thought it should be for a unisex frag.
positive Very well done. Didn't think the Jasmine note would work well the other notes. I stand corrected. The coffee note in this is a plus. 7.5/10
positive I don’t feel it resembles Opium in any way, but it does resemble the floral gourmand fragrances on the market, with a beautiful -is it wine?- twist. It makes me think of a sweeter and cheaper version of Noir de Noir by Tom Ford. 
Great performances. 
positive Southeast Asia is one hot mess.. Literally.

With all thay humidity, dust and smoke from the traffic it is impossible even for an oil based perfume to last for at least 3 hours.

I am impressed with Black Opium. I did not intend to buy this, I was looking forward to get a bottle of Hypnotic Poison but it's always out of stock in the Philippines.

I have this sort of body chemistry that when a perfume is heavily floral or fruit based. The smell changes in an unimpressive scent. I am a vanilla base note person.

So, at first all that blossom, pink pepper and jasmin will hit you. Surprisingly I did not smell any coffee it just went straight to what I am looking for.. That pleasant vanilla scent. And sticks I don't know but I'm sure wearing it for.more than a week.now and I work from 8AM to 8PM at worst and it's still.there! Sweet vanilla scent and very delicate &#128077;&#128077;
positive 
This scent starts out with a wind of white sweet florals and pear with a pinch of pink pepper. Very ‘good girl’ or ‘goody two-shoes’ 

Then it spirals down into darkness of night and seduction. 

In the middle notes there is a heat of incense and woods, mixing with the fading florals and dying pear 

As it dries down it becomes an almost Marshmallow fluffy vanilla sweetness but the smell of the woodsy incense lingers behind it.

I can see where people get the sugared and creamy  coffee  in this, but I don’t per say detect coffee, it’s not acidic or bitter but rather a sugary treat. 

The longevity and sillage on my skin are impressive, people know me by this scent and I get compliments often. This has become a signature for me. 

Side note:
My man wears Nuit de L’Homme Intense by Saint Laurent daily and I think the two Black Opium and Nuit de L’Homme compliment each other well. 

positive Fell in love at first sniff.  Distinctive coffee and vanilla smell that I usually fall for.  Not too sweet or overpowering  and it lingers nicely.  
positive I have to give this a neutral because I expected more from YSL.  I won't give a comparison to original Opium; there is none.  It is as though YSL wanted to jump in, on the "Sweet Style scent" bandwagon.  

The first hour of wearing I get vanilla, pear, jasmine, and orange blossom.  Too much vanilla for me.  After awhile I detect bitter almond and licorice which makes it easier to live with.  Then finally when this has settled on my skin I get nice cedar and cashmere wood.  

In summation, it comes off as a cheap-girl scent for a couple of hours.  Then it begins to show more promise as a scent, recognizable as an offering by the house of YSL.
positive The notes in this are mostly synthetic it seems, but still.. it had good lasting power and sillage. The notes are coffee, white flowers and vanilla. Drydown is wonderful; slightly woody although I don't sense any patchouli (mentioned by a previous reviewer), but this is NICE ....real  nice. All you need is about 2 drops
positive I've never tried the original Opium and I usually don't go for designer-name fragrances, but was so pleasantly surprised when I tried a sample that I decided to buy a bottle. Although it's commonly recommended as a winter/evening fragrance, I think it's a pretty versatile scent. It's sensual but doesn't scream "sex bomb". Floral but not "flowery". I was looking for a scent that was more refined than what I typically go for but not formal. I love the patchouli and orange blossom notes. The white florals are probably why so many people think it smells like a lot of other popular fragrances out on the market right now. But unlike a lot of other popular fragrances, this doesn't give me a headache and I like the spicy/woody notes that are probably a nod to the original Opium. 

The scent typically lasts about 4-6 hours and I love how the scent evolves on my skin the longer I wear it. When I sampled it for the first couple of wears, I don't smell very much of the coffee notes but I definitely smell the vanilla. But then when I bought the bottle, I could smell a little bit more of the coffee but it wasn't strong. I've read some reviews that say it smells like a Starbucks. Again, the coffee is just hanging out in the background and almost undetectable to me. The smell overall is not acidic. It is an uplifting sort of fragrance, but the spice/wood notes mellow it out. Overall, I would recommend as a versatile feminine fragrance with warm sensuality.  
positive   This is nothing like the original "Opium." The only thing it shares in common is the name, and really, this one belongs to a completely different fragrance family! It's primarily a mixture of black coffee, sweet smelling flowers, cedar and patchouli, making it kind of hard to categorize in fragrance families! Initially, when I first sprayed it on, it reminded me of "Feminite Du Bois" by Serge Lutens, and it does have some similar qualities to that scent. "Black Opium" is much sweeter though, and also has an almost edible, gourmand Christmas fruit-cake quality to it as well, at least to my nose, and on me, it does! Some of you might think that sounds horrible, but to me, I have to admit, this is one of the nicest smelling perfumes I've ever had the good fortune to come across! Like the Serge Lutens fragrance, this one also seems classy and chic (to me.) Like the original "Opium" it shares it's name with, it also simultaneously seems warm, sexy and sensual at the same time! It's definitely a great perfume, and I highly recommend trying a sample, or trying it at your local department store or Sephora today, if you haven't yet! I think it's really worth it!  
positive My wife just purchased a bottle of Black Opium for the fall-winter weather.  I like the orange blossom, dark chocolate and jasmine notes in this and it seems to hold up very well in terms of performance.  The spices, vanilla and patchouli provide a further gourmand base effect, which reminds me of a warm winter drink.  A slightly plummy coffee note over a dark chocolate and vanilla bean.  It's a good cool weather scent, but my preference is still for the deeper, more elegant Tom Ford Black Orchid.  Black Opium will still do well in more casual activities of holiday shopping, house decorating and running about with our kids.  Thumbs up for me.

negative The floral top notes have a synthetic-generic sweet vanilla undertone on my skin that is quite unpleasant and not helped much by a rather indifferent coffee note in the drydown.  The base with its cedar-patchouli again is fairly generic and unexciting. Silage and projection, however, are good and I get five hours of longevity, but overall this is a very disappointing flankers to someone who like the original quite a lot. 

neutral This smells lovely and unique on me; lots of pepper, vanilla, and patchouli with that hint of coffee. It has good sillage (projects but inoffensively) and longevity too. However! I've noticed Black Opium changes so much based on your individual body chemistry, more so than many other perfumes I've tried. On my mother, it smells just like super sweet berries with a hint of something bitter. It's not bad by any means, but it's not what it smells like in the bottle or on me. It smelled much more generic on her. That's why I'm rating this as Neutral; it's really important to test this one out beforehand to know what you can expect. 
neutral Black Opium has a strong heart,  what coffee can do for a cheap scent. Black opium has heady everything, forming the illusion of  an intoxicating scent,  but really-just resting on its laurels.  A bit. Nonetheless,  its top notes are fun and fully sensual, almost naturally grounded by the warmth of vanilla,  patchouli and cedar wood. The result interplay is the beginning of a night on the town.  Nice enough of a story for  Black Opium's composition. 
neutral I was so disappointed with this perfume. I was so exited to try it and them when I did I couldn't believe just how weak it was I was expecting an explosion of sexy scents and instead I got absolutely nothing
 I could barely smell it on my skin......the best thing about this perfume is the advert on television....how misleading that advert is. Nothing sexy about this perfume what so ever. Never mind
neutral This warm, woody vanilla reminds me of a cross between CK Reveal and EL's Modern Muse Rouge.  It's nice, but it's not Opium, black or otherwise.  Starts off strong, and rather promising with pepper off-setting the sweetness of the vanilla.  Too soon, however the drydown becomes a familiar musky sweetness that, despite the promise of coffee, is rather bland.  
neutral  Black Opium is supposed to be a "Rock 'N' Roll interpretation" of the original Opium (that rich and storied, often even reviled work of art). And surely it is, at least, for those of us who, when asked who first comes to mind when hearing the phrase, "Female rock legend," says, "Taylor Swift."

  This is neither terrible nor original. It is soft as cotton and has no edges. It has mass appeal for the younger generation who grew up in cities and have no idea what real plants smell like. It is Yves Saint Laurent desperately hoping they can stay current and that no one will notice that the superior Belle en Rykiel was released a full eight years before Black Opium. So it's not a terrible thing, but come on guys- it took four head perfumers to copy something that already existed and repackage it for gullible youths? What happened to the firm that gave us Cinema and M7? Don't give up on yourselves just yet.
neutral The subtle, "fruity/aeriform" (lot of pink pepper indeed) and almost linear YSL Black Opium (apart a faint spices/patchouli veined shy background) has almost nothing to share with the higher and far more complex Vintage Opium (darker and hypnotic for real) having indeed more (conceptually and not only) in common with such juices a la Cavalli Nero Assoluto (which is worst), Chanel Coco Noir, Lady Gaga Fame or Maria Lux Deeply. The central accord is in my opinion afforded by a combination of spices (pink pepper and saffron, probably cinnamon), orange blossoms/jasmine, honey, musky vanilla and coffee. This accord is kind of plummy (such orange/plum/apricot/orchid/jasmine sambac like.....alias mostly galaxolide mastered), warmly floral, aerial, balmy-cosmetical and sweetly spicy. A note of dark coffee is well connected with patchouli in order to provide a dark raw undertone despite coffee plays anyway mostly a rounding role (side by side with tonka)  in my opinion and the aroma sounds not properly dark. The dry down is softly vanillic, still fruity and musky under my nose, nothing in common with the great mystic complexity of its really spicy-oriental predecessor. Synthetic, boring and almost candied. Nothing new under the sun guys. Rating 5/5.
positive A sweet, minimalist fragrance.  I smell a 70's musk undercurrent.  Just the right amount of benzoin.  The caramel note is not as over-bearing as I thought it would be.  Prada Candy isn't bad at all, really.  I didn't expect to like it.  I imagined it would be tooth-ache sweet and well, it just isn't.

Not too loud, sweet, or dark - it would make a fine gift for a favorite loved one who enjoys perfume but, who isn't a total frag-head like most of us here.  It is just right, for a night on the town, too.  Big thumb's up for a designer perfume.
positive I like how this fragrance lives up to what I expected when smelling something named "candy" but it's not so literal of an interpretation that a single note is all that you get. (like Pink Sugar). I detect the caramel most strongly but there is a nice addition of benzoin which gives it the powdery dry down. The musk is blended so seamlessly that it doesn't even seem to stand out but it just adds something to the composition that keeps the saccharine sweetness at bay, as benzoin is also a resin sweetness that can make something smell a little like powdery maple syrup if overdone. Musk and benzoin together make a low key powder + woods combo which added to the caramel makes it more interesting and still recognizably sweet, but with a little something extra. 

It is somewhat linear in terms of development, but the scent is never overpowering or "too much" at any stage of wear so I do not mind. Sillage is more close to the skin for me, and that is probably due to the musk, but sometimes I like keeping my fragrance close to me and more intimate, which is what someone who considers gourmand/sweet scents a "guilty pleasure" might be happy to hear. This one will give whisps of a sweet scent trail but it doesn't just stick to you in a heavy cloud which allows you to not constantly smell yourself and get tired of the scent. Longevity is all day for me, 6-8 hours, which is about what I would expect from a standard designer scent release. I usually only apply about 2-3 sprays. 

I can't remember if this is an Eau de Parfum of Eau de Toilette and my bottle is not close by to check but regardless I think this is a nice quality scent for someone who likes sweet scents but wants a little more depth to it than just straight vanilla extract or burnt sugar. I've never regretted applying this once it's on, and also is very easy to layer with. 

I recommend anyone to test this scent on their skin but it won't be for everyone. It's a very middle of the road sweet scent so if you find youself on the extreme ends of the spectrum in your gourmand obsession or you just don't like sweet scents at all, you will not enjoy this one. If you can appreciate sweet scents with more going on beneath the surface, give it a try. 
positive I get fruit before caramel. Despite this note, I’d name it a light (only) gourmand. The opening is very alcoholic and clean musky, with a bit of flower as well. The projection could be better. 
positive If you've ever been to Main Street in Disney World there is a little candy shop where they hand dip caramel apples for sale.  Prada's Candy zooms me right back to my childhood staring at the hand dipped caramel Mouse-shaped apples.  Prada's Candy perfectly meshed together Kraft Caramel squares with a British toffee sauce into one cute bottle.  

Burnt sugar and milk together, with a hint of the musk to wrap it together.

Problem is, I don't want to smell like caramel and toffee all day.  Some do, I get that.  Simplistic gourmand, singular scent done well. 
positive When I first sprayed it on the paper, it smelt litterally nothing at all. Then I tried on my skin, same effect, nothing. I walked out of store disappointed and sniffed the wrist on my way home, that's when the yummy caramel starts show its charm.

It's creamy, smells almost pure caramel, slightly salty and sour to balance the sweetness. It's straight and doesn't evolve much, not sophiscated that's sure, but very efficient. It's a cheerful scent for autumn and winter. It lasts 8h+ on me and the sillage is not bad. If you're a fan for caramel, you really should give it a try, and be a little bit patient to well savour it.

I thought the bottle was tacky and the campaign looked silly. But after testing the perfume my mind changed completely. It's such a playful illustration for the perfume.

Originally written in 2013
positive As a girl who is quite obsessed with sugary sweets and products that show off my femininity, I knew I had to try Prada Candy. The name and the packaging seemed right up my alley, so I decided to give it a go. 

I used the little rollerball sample you can find at the department store and walked around for a bit, letting it settle in. The scent is exactly how you'd think a perfume called Candy should smell like: cotton-candy/caramel-y/sugary sweetness. It's not sickeningly sweet or cloying in the least. Combined with a little bit of musk, it gives it a nice note of warmth to balance it out. 

As much as I'm in love with this product, it simply doesn't have impressive longevity. Once I roll it on, in multiple pulse points I might add, it only stays for a couple of hours. However, I recently bought a full-sized bottle, and though I doubt it'll make much of a difference, I'll see how it does when it is distributed in spray form, on my skin and on my clothes. With just the rollerball, I find myself having to reapply often. 

However, considering this is one of the few perfumes that I truly love (a lot of perfumes are much too heavily scented for me and make me feel nauseous), the light, sugary scent of this is worth it. If you don't mind the hassle of reapplying, this really is a perfume worth looking into.
positive Prada Candy is a lighthearted, stupid/clever tribute to benzoin that's exactly calibrated to the point of of maximum resinousness.  Sure, it's sweet, but it's not any sweeter than, say, Shalimar, or most Guerlains, to be honest.  It's not the least bit edgy, but its emphasis on one of the geekiest notes in perfumery is borderline subversive.  There's no fake strawberry or confected "patchouli," and the alleged caramel notes don't smell gooey.  And there's no distracting vanilla.   Do the little girls that buy this know (or care)?  Even the citrus/floral combo at Candy's opening is restrained; it feels, almost, kind of, elegant.  It gives the early stages of the perfume a nice lift before it integrates quite gracefully into the composition, so that (despite its name) Candy smells like perfume and never turns too foody.

This stuff has a way of melting into skin and then just sort of emanating a kind of gentle softness, almost like the texture of a musk--you smell sweet, resinous skin rather than sweet, resinous aromachemicals.  Sillage is discreet, which is right where it should be; this stuff could get painful at higher volumes (benzoin-triggered headaches are the *worst*--for me, they always involve nausea).  And this stuff lasts, and lasts, and lasts; I have no idea what some other reviewers are talking about when they complain about its disappearing from skin.  It has be olfactory fatigue, because I can still smell it at eight-plus hours.

My only complaint about Candy is a slightly plastic musk that occasionally pokes through in the middle stages of wear.  But that bit of weirdness comes and goes, and eventually resolves in a drydown that restates the original resinous theme, garnished with a touch of something powdery that almost feels like iris.  Here as elsewhere (i.e., Infusion d'Iris and its cogeners), Prada's house perfumer Daniela Andrier demonstrates her facility with popular-but-interesting, fun-but-tasteful perfumes that any woman could wear pretty much anywhere and smell good without scaring the horses.

So, overall, Candy came as a pleasant surprise.  It's not complicated, but there's more to it than meets the eye, or the nose--whatever.  It reminds me of Marilyn Monroe (with those ridiculous glasses) in How to Marry a Millionaire--all wide eyes, blonde curls, bodacious curves, and wicked timing--with her quirky intelligence simmering under the ditzy surface.  

And I think the enameled bottle is kind of cute.  
positive It's a simply sweet, candy-like scent, but it's a sweetness that makes me smile and doesn't make me throw up. I find it tolerable on the sweetness scale. Very nice.
positive Is it me or are most of today’s mainstream releases intentionally concocted to wear exclusively close to the skin, with little to no sillage?

Prada Candy is a frustrating example, a luscious gourmand interwoven with an intriguing smoky note that at times smells like burnt sugar and at others like stale cigarette ashes. It’s a wonderful, extremely clever scent, and one that I’d love to wear more often. But the only way I can enjoy is to continually huff at my wrist. Which just looks silly in public.

Edited 2020: 

Recently started wearing this again, and I have no idea what my initial experience with this stuff was about because now it hangs around forever. Which is a good thing—this stuff is fantastic. Upgraded to a Thumbs Up.
positive   Personally, I think both the name of this perfume and the girlie picture on the box are a bit misleading. Both of those things made me think that this was going to be one of those very cute, sweet, innocent types of scents. It really, really isn't. 
  Truthfully, this is a big, bold smoky-vanilla oriental fragrance, done in the same style as Shalimar. Or, in any case, Shalimar is what it immediately brings to mind. It is very bold and very sexy, but not really overly "feminine" or girlie. Actually, girlie is probably the very last word I would choose to describe this kind of perfume. The word "girlie" conveys a sense of "innocence" (to me, anyway) and this perfume is nothing of the sort! 
   It is bold, heavy, smoky, mysterious, dark and very, very sexy. It's great as an evening fragrance or for very special occasions. Although I like it, I don't think I would want to wear it every day. 
  PS: I've been wearing this now for a few hours, and actually, as others have said, this perfume is not all that long lasting. It kind of fades out after a bit. Also, yes, in the dry down I agree that it ends up smelling like ginger snaps! 
positive Salutation.

The name of this perfume describes the scent just perfectly: CANDY!PRADA CANDY tells everything at hello and will have him salivate and ask for seconds with its gourmand,yummy base under the polished charming heart and vanilla,musk and lush top notes of its scent. it smells like a well balanced lollipop not too sweet,not to sour. Modern,Creamy,Powdery, Girlish, playful, Vanillic,Charming and Delicious.

This scent is all about energy and seduction a plyful girl who will be attracted.cheerful and yummy notes of sweet vanilla with tonka bean,benzoin and musk with a sensual creamy base notes of caramel add comfort and warmth to this sweet scent which is as prettily charming as the girlish images that accompany its launch.

It reminds me of something a little girl would wear when playing dress up.this flirty scent is for a young girl to wear as it evoking images of flirtation and fun with a playful and active girl in a coffe shop when you have to eat a vanilla ice-cream.it is a daytime scent in Autumn/Winter.A nice gift for a birthday too.

Sillage?Nice.

Longevity?Above Average on my skin.

6.75/10

positive As others have stated, I'm not sure what prompted me to buy a 1 oz. bottle of this at $68 but buy it I did.  Overall, I like this perfume, I really do.  It is a HUGE departure from my usual "go to" perfumes; however in general, I like Prada Candy a lot.

Preparing for an upcoming cruise, I didn't have the time or the usual money to buy my beloved Aqua di Parma Magnolia Noble or Frederic Malle Musc Ravageur, etc.  So, off I went to Ulta to seek out perfumes.  With the Caribbean in mind and having recently used some Philosophy creams, I had candy, cotton-candy, bubble gum, pink and something sweet on my mind.  Initially, I was torn between Candy and Vince Camuto Amore but I settled on Prada Candy 'cause I disliked Camuto Amore's more floral dry-down.

This fragrance is very warm, dry, a bit powdery, simple & sweet.  Like others, I fail to detect much of this scent after I spritz it on myself; however others DO smell it and seem to like it.  Uncomplicated, the dry-down is definitely a tacky caramel base.  There is musk, vanilla...the usual sweet gourmand array of today's latest "pink" perfumes.  Unlike others, I do not find this fragrance overly strong, intense or sickeningly sweet in any way.

I must reiterate (as others have stated) that Candy is a very wearable, unoffensive, simple & pretty perfume.  I cannot see a young child or teen wearing this...in a funny way, it seems too "old" to be worn by a young person.  With that said, I think it will be fine for the cruise and for the upcoming summer.  Will see how I feel after using a 1 oz. bottle.  Not sure I'd repurchase it at this point in time.
positive This is sweet, but not as much as the name might suggest, and there's plenty of darker notes to add a balance. This stuff is pretty light and non-offensive. The sweetness makes it wearable for kids, but the structure behind the sweetness makes it ok for adults too. It's a little bit of an homage to Chanel No. 5, I think, with the sweetness providing the new signature. 

It smells a little like ginger snap cookies in the dry down.
positive Gorgeous perfume, it receives a lot of compliments but I don't smell it nearly as much as I'd like to?
The bottle is cute.
positive Got this perfume among others for Christmas. At first I thought that I wouldn't like it, simply because of the name 'Candy'--way too little-girl, and I like feminine, bold scents--but I tried it a few times and got a bunch of compliments. It's a very warm, dry, sweet scent. I like the caramel/vanilla blend, but there's an odd background that somehow makes this perfume more sophisticated. Overall, I like it...it's not my favorite, but it's something different, and I might even buy more if I run out.
positive Prada Candy was a blind buy for me, and I'm happy I took the gamble. I love sweet scents, and this is a grown up, more dressy and less "sticky" version of Pink Sugar. Candy is sweet, but also has a dry, powdery hint when first applied. It dries and lingers with a caramel and musk (?) vibe. 
positive Smells like plastic coated in sugar.

I imagine it would attract wasps.
positive I love most perfumes with a strong benzoin note, and vanille gourmands as well. This is heaven for me. I do get the similarities with l'eau Ambree (they seem to share the same base) and Infusion d'Iris though the latter is much to powdery to suit my nose. 

Candy is one I wear to bed dabbed in the crook of my arm at least 4 nights a week. The smell is so comforting and relaxing. I find it does smell very different dabbed than sprayed. It brings out the richness of the scent, and creates only enough sillage to smell oneself occasionally. Sprayed, it can become to sharp for my nose. It's as if the wrong notes come to the forefront, and the lovely base becomes too light. 

For those that think this disappears, I guarantee others can smell you! My MIL wears this, and after one spray In the morning, I can smell her later in the day... she smells fantastic! Also, I can smell this on my laundry for at least two days after I wear it. 

This will surely be one of my all time favorites long after it's popularity dies down. Send all your unwanted bottles my way, I'm hoarding this. lol



negative As a guy, I was curious to check this one out, being a fan of several of the men's scents from Prada.

The opening showed promise, with the characteristic camphor-like benzoin note and interesting caramel rich and sweet note.  It smelled like a decent, balanced oriental lady perfume that I'd not recoil from.  But...

The musk in the drydown has the smell of, well, slight lady's body odor.  It didn't come across as pleasant, but more so animalic in a somewhat undignified, unwashed way.  Too bad: At least from my pov, the musk could have been dialed back more, and the other elements could have stood out better.

Granted, my experience is purely from a male perception, coming from a sample vial sprayed on my hand. Take it for what it's worth.
negative    If you wish to smell like dusty caramel this might be your treat, but I just can't get behind this simpering sweet-toothed creation. As with many foody scents it overstays its welcome, so points for longevity, at least.
negative I received fragrance sampler kits from Sephora for Christmas.  I wasn't impressed with any of the included samples.  I was hoping Prada Candy would be a warmer, richer, more mature gourmand.  Instead, it is extremely sweet and dries to a burnt caramel finish.  This might be okay for a teenager, but I wouldn't recommend it for adults.

neutral This is a pretty scent, but I do not get any caramel in this. Perhaps I'm scent blind to whatever set of chemicals make up that impression. 

This has very strong powder notes with a hint of musk and a warm resinous base. If I didn't already know that there is supposed to be a candy caramel quality to this, I would have never known. I can't tell if I can smell a faint burnt toffee note (with some metallic hints??) in it or if it's wishful thinking. I will admit that I just ate milk chocolate toffee lace cookies. Perhaps that is overpowering the candy notes in this. I feel like I've smelled this once before and had similar difficulties, though. 

On dry skin in warm/dry weather this is a skin scent after about 20 minutes. Nary a sillage and lasting power is fairly weak at about 3-5 hours (determined by my own, as well as a second, opinion). Still, as I said it's a pretty scent, just not really one that reflects "me".
neutral The musk and the caramel opening reminds me of those Big Foot candies I used to get as a kid- synthetic "strawberry", plastic-like. 

Sometimes early on I get a whiff of something that almost resembles CK Be, with strawberry and musk instead of peach and musk.

The candy notes fade eventually and Candy becomes an inoffensive musky, sweet vanilla scent.

My girlfriend really likes it, I honestly prefer her Amazing Grace by Philosophy.
neutral Floral caramel plus candied-plastic-musky benzoin. Pleasant but kind of "anonimous". There is something vaguely minty in the blend, a sort of lingering aromatic-vanillic muskiness. I get the spicy-honeyed caramel, vaguely burnt-sugary, resinous and finally powdery. Caramel seems kind of honeyed, floral-infused (iris, gardenia, jasmine??), vanillic-cinnamonic and vaguely cocoa-veined, the note of benzoin is synthetic and somewhat cellophane-oriented. Appalling bottle. Nothing furthermore to add.
neutral Wow. I cannot smell a bit of candy, vanilla or musk in this. It almost smells like gardenia on me, but not quite. It does smell synthetic. Candy makes me sneeze, so I won't be wearing this and it doesn't smell good on me anyway. It is strange what body chemistry can do to a cologne.
neutral An opening dominated by overly synthetic white musks, with a drydown of strong benzoin-vanilla aroma.  Quite sickeningly sweet on my skin - I am sure sampling it can cause tooth decay. After a couple of hours a caramel base develops that is quite pleasant, and the base is the least cheaply done part.  Good sillage and projection, with a decent overall longevity of six hours.  Good before puberty. 
neutral I do really like the smell of Candy, it is a sweet toffee gaurmond but the throw & lasting power is very poor on me. I have to push my nose right into my skin, exactly where I sprayed to smell so I rarely wear the samples I got.. Not worth the price of a full bottle to me.
neutral Party GirlPrada Candy opens with the expected toffee and candy floss and then settles with a dull thud. I understand that candy is supposed to smell like, um, something that Barbie would wear to casual events and perhaps I shouldn't be disappointed; but I am. After about 15 minutes, the candy note still dominates, and a strange musk starts to emerge--a gross synthetic musk that seems to fight with the cloying c-c-c-c-candy. In 20 years, someone is going to write a review and point out that Candy smells so 2011.
neutral It opens with that caramel taste that you get when it's stuck in your teeth, that juicy sticky caramel.  But it has a fruitiness in the background, almost like there is fruit water somewhere there.  It is interesting how the caramel is ambery and is almost too sweet, but this is balanced out pretty well by the wateriness that feels like a mist of water drops has somehow mixed with it.  Please note:  This is only from the wafting - I haven't got to how it smells close to skin yet!

When I put my nose close to my arm, I get the familiar dry licorice wood of Serge Lutens Un Bois Vanille in there, and there's something almost salty in there.  It must be the dryness of the wood that is making me think of salt.  Either way though, the scent is much rounder and fuller on skin than it is when it wafts.  I will be honest; on my skin, the wafting could get cloying for a fussy person near me.  Other reviewers disagree, but then everyone's skin is different.

It dries down to a drier vanillic resin.  The caramel is always present, but I find the drydown (which occurs pretty quickly) very very similar to Un Bois Vanille (yes, I'll keep mentioning this one), but with a slightly saltier and less rounded drydown. I do like this part, but because I have something similar, I keep wishing the juicy caramel lasted longer.  It's just as well though - I might get a toothache if the sticky caramel stage lasted too long.

I will say this:  The fragrance doesn't change too much on my skin, but it does do something very unfortunate;  it gets eaten by my skin in a very short time.  Now, this would be alright if it were a cheap fragrance, but it's 50 Euro for only 30 ml!!!  Now that would be worth it if there was a) many hours of pleasure and b) some sort of complex development - but there isn't.
neutral I would never have even gone near this if I hadn't been buying a perfume for my daughter. I had gone to the Guerlain counter as any sensible mother would and we tried many. The lovely patient Guerlain lady asked her what smell she liked best and she said 'toffee'. The lovely SA then whisked off and bought her this one off another stand and it brought an immeadiate smile to the young daughters face. Caramelised toffee with vanilla musk and a dose of balsamic benzoin. I think I would rather eat it on ice cream myself, but certainly much less unpleasant than it sounds. It has a certain dryness, like a grown up sweetie more than a childlike one. More gourmand caramel with an orris feel. My young daughter absolutely loved it, so it does have a market.... I cannot give it a green as I couldn't possibly wear it, but it was fairly pleasant. I didn't hate it, and I expected to. It dries down to a really rather sophisticated dry burnt caramel orris musk.
positive On a trip to the drugstore, they had the "inspired by" scents on sale. I'm always looking for new scents, and $5 is a cheap way of sampling when I can't get to the store. Picked up the Light Blue dupe in rollerball and was pleasantly surprised. My wife liked it as well, so I picked up the real thing, which we share. This is a light, pleasant acquatic scent with minimal sillage but decent longevity that I enjoy right out of the shower on a warm day. 
positive the scent of happiness, like walking inside a sunny coastal Italian village.
Green apple reigns supreme, followed by Scicilian lemon.
Sweet, yet fresh.
A more appropriate name would be "Light Green" instead of "Light Blue".
positive A decade and a half later and this is still love or hate.

Depends on your fragrant journey so far, and whether your nose can handle the aroma chems at play here.

It is sweet, super crisp and fresh, yet maintains some saltiness to allow a natural-ity to shine through.

Atelier's Atlas Cedar is very close to this, though Light Blue predates it by over a dozen years.  Also recalls Versace Man Eau Fraiche. 
positive For a dept. store fragrance, this is incredible in terms of projection, sillage, and longevity.  My wife spritzes this upstairs in the bathroom, and I smell it downstairs.  It leaves a sillage trail for quite awhile.  It has a unique scent that unfortunately everyone is wearing.  Like Acqua di Geo during it's heyday, Light Blue is part of the air you breath.  Citrus for sure, there is a cedar/musk/floral component that makes it unique. 
positive I wore this perfume back in 2009-10, it was a good time in my life. I bought some last night cause it was on sale at Walgreens, and boy it brought back great memories. Love this fragrance, it lasts all day and is not offensive or overbearing. Perfect for everyday wear. 
positive Probably one of the most pleasant citrusy scents I've come across. The citrus is mellow and sweet, rather than tangy or sharp. Light Blue is somehow cool and warm at the same time. It's an incredibly pleasant scent, relaxing and laid back. Beachy, breezy, serene.
positive There's a reason this fragrance has been so very popular. It's because it smells good, is exceptionally easy to wear, and is highly versatile: appropriate for day or night, for work or play, for going out to dinner or for just slobbing around the house. Part of the reason for that versatility, I suspect, is the pure simplicity of its concept: it basically comes down to two equally high-pitched and nasal facets--the sharp musky cedar below and the tart lemon/apple above--oscillating against each other to eternity. The result is a kind of olfactory moire effect, shimmery and (to my nose, anyway) quite pleasant.

I suspect that Light Blue may also carry an additional appeal to Americans in particular, due to the strong hygenic associations of its three major notes, each of which, in their own way, can be said to represent cleanliness. Lemon, of course, is very strongly associated with cleaning products, while that tart green apple note is commonly used in the US to scent shower gels, shampoos, and astringent facial toners. The cedar, meanwhile, brings to mind cedar-lined linen closets or cedarwood chests, used to keep stored clothing clean and fresh and safe from moths. Put them all together, and you're definitely appealing to a desire for cleanliness, or "freshness." I tend to associate that desire with American tastes -- we do love the whole squeaky-clean aesthetic here!--but perhaps it is more universal than I realize. 

My one criticism of this fragrance is that it can get a bit screechy sometimes. I referred above to both the cedar and the tart fruit facets as "high-pitched and nasal," and while I realize that I'm engaging in an aural analogy there, it's the best way I can think of to describe exactly what I mean. They're both sour, sharp, astringent fragrance types, the sort that can really seem to get all the way up into your sinuses sometimes. Since I enjoy sharp and astringent smells, I'm not bothered at all by that aspect of Light Blue, but I can certainly see how it might get in the way of others' enjoyment. That synthetic cedar stuff in the base (is that the Iso-E-Super people so often talk about?) is also extremely long-lasting and tenacious in a stickily pervasive musk-like way -- should you take a dislike to it, you *will* be smelling it for days, not only wherever you sprayed it, but also on anything and everything that got too close to the original spray. You have been warned.

Sadly, while I enjoy Light Blue on other people, it doesn't behave very well on me. When I wear it myself, the lemon and apple notes disappear very quickly, while the cedar becomes *ludicrously* accentuated; the end result is that I wind up walking around for hours smelling very much like a hamster cage. A *clean* hamster cage, mind you, but still very much a hamster cage. So it's not one that I keep around, but I always enjoy smelling it on others. Quite fortunate for me, that, because this fragrance is so very, very popular that once you know what it smells like, you will find yourself encountering it everywhere. 
positive Nice crisp citrus. Nothing new. Simple and clean. Good frag for summer at $30/100ml. 
positive I love D&G Light Blue.  Maybe it's my particular chemistry, but when I wear it, I receive very appreciative compliments from family members, co-workers, friends, and total strangers. (One of only a few fragrances I've worn in my life that generate so many positive comments.) I will also catch a whiff of it on clothing I've worn and think how lovely it smells. 

I give D&G Light Blue 5 stars overall, and 4 each for longevity and sillage.
positive Light Blue is simply wonderful. It's a light, refreshing and uplifting scent perfect for daily use. It's fairly minimalistic with decent longevity and intimate sillage. I mostly get a buttery lemon paired with warm amber, but the notes are so well balanced you don't need any extras. Light Blue would be ideal for someone with a casual lifestyle. 
positive Light years better than light blue for men.  Fresh and long lasting.  I've even worn this.  Thumbs up.
positive I read a recommendation several years ago that men should try this fragrance.  And though I like the men's version of Light Blue, I think this might be the stronger of the two.  And stronger in more ways than one--i.e. this is a not a fragrance to over-apply.  Less is definitely more.  I like to apply this on top of different aftershaves (say Cool Wave or Skin Bracer) and see where it takes me.  I enjoy the green apple, but it lasts a bit too long in my opinion.  However, after an hour or so, I really enjoy the cedar and the way I catch whiffs of jasmine all day long.  It's light and springy.  And my I like it on my wife too.
positive I really get the Granny Smith apple in a big way with this fragrance.  I also get a touch of cedar, too.  Although I like the smell of this, I will not buy another bottle as when I had a bottle I wore it to death, and now I can smell it on every other person who walks by, and it smells the same on everybody.  
positive This is easily the best fragrance I've ever found to counter the abundance of overly-floral, cloyingly sweet, profusion of white flowers in the ladies' selection of "fresh" fragrances.  I'm not one to enjoy sweet fragrances, nor the pungently floral ones.  I have always searched for a truly earthy, woodsy, nature-inspired scent for ladies, minus the stuff I can't tolerate.  This is it.

Light Blue begins with a burst of citrus; after a few seconds, you begin to pick up the bluebells and bamboo, and as the fragrance dries down, the heart notes really shine -- cedarwood, amber, etc.  This fragrance has SERIOUS staying power, too; I can apply it lightly to my hair, and I can still smell it perfectly well the next DAY.  Scent is beautiful; apples, citrus, musk, and bamboo, draped beautifully over a heart of cedar and moss.  When your three-year old niece buries her face in your hair and inhales deeply over and over and says, "You smell soooooo good..." -- well, you know you've got a winner.

I love Light Blue.  I wish there was a bit more of the cedarwood and moss heart after drydown.  To me, it would then be truly perfect.

negative Light Blue - Dolce & Gabanna
Horrendously bad fragrance. Not even worth discussing but I do anyway for the sake of humanity: Light Blue is the Stinker of all Stinkers.
negative Heard good things but this didn't work for me. Much too sweet, fruity, and fresh-laundry smelling. Maybe if I was ever an outdoorsy all-American 18-year-old, this might have worked for me in the past (though I doubt it). But as a professional 30-year-old woman who appreciates gourmet food (Wuyi rock teas, earthy red beans, spices, umami flavours), this was much too teenybopper.

Will make notes later on the longevity as it wears throughout the day.

negative This is one of the few fragrances I truly LOATHE. It makes me feel nauseated and I have developed migraines from it. I used to have a coworker who would wear it and it reeked so bad it took my breath away. This is not a "clean, non-offensive" scent.  Please could everyone only wear this one in the privacy of their own homes. I'd rather smell a tire fire. 
negative I don't get why people love this. On me it smells exactly like a popular dish washer we used for years. Very synthetic and nauseating citrus scent that made me horrified, honestly. If you're a fan of citrus this may be your favorite though. It's a reallly popular scent.
negative Salutation.

The name of this EDT describes it perfectly LIGHT BLUE.So Popular because it is Lightness and Freshness not overpowering and Offensive. Tasty, Crisp,Clean,Unisex,Youthful,Casual, Light and Sporty.

It has a Refreshing and Light mixture of Light Flowers and Citrusy notes.You can really smell a touch of Apple and Lemon in it with a Cute floral heart and a Soft base of Musk and Amber that makes it quite Gentle on the Skin.

Everyone can use this type fragrances in their Collection.LIGHT BLUE is for a Active Character That Appreciates freedom and dislike Sharp smell too.It remindes me of a Light spring day.Anyway if You think about a Special Example this is not for You!

Sillage?Avreage.

Longevity?About 4 hours on my skin.

6/10 
negative Don't believe the hype.  Light is right. Airy, breezy and gone like the wind.  Pass. 2 out of 5.
negative (*)

Apparently Dolce & Gabbana decided that a demure shampoo fragrance wasn't vile enough, for the woody amber in this thing hisses like a pissed off cat. Really bad. 

neutral Overall: 2/5
Sillage: 2/5
Longevity: 3/5

Good if you wake up one day wanting to smell a bit like citrus, greens, sun, and sea-breeze. Definitely perfect for a summer scent.

Safe and inoffensive, but has a distinct smell that you know everyone else has smelled like at one point in their life.

Dries down to an almost powdery, yet citrus scent for me, but before it settles, it's mostly a salty and citrus scent that just won't have me reaching for it.

Decent sillage with above-average wear
neutral The opening presents a pleasant citrus-based mix, with a fruity underpinning.  Pleasant but quite nonspecific.   The drydown is more floral, with jasmine a definite component, but a pleasantly discreet green touch is coming and going also. 

The base presents woddsy impressions blended with white musks. 

I get moderate sillage, adequate projection and a very decent seven hours of longevity on my skin. 

The opening is quite agreeable, although a touch subdued and the citrus not very vivid or bright. The rest of this spring scent is rather generic and pale overall.  In total - mediocre. 2.5/5. 
neutral This was the favorite scent of one of my ex-boyfriends and it's a pretty unisex fragrance. I associate it with how most Americans want to smell, "clean". It's a very sporty, "shower-fresh" kind of smell. No musk, no spice or wood. Just very light citrus and floral. Nothing bad about it, but it's what most people smell like these days.
neutral Essence of meh. Half-arsed slightly rancid citrus over equally half-arsed woody amber-ish base.  Best I can say for it was that it was gone in half an hour. 
neutral The opening notes of apple lemon are pretty refreshing. I know this is a summer scent, but I expect a deeper and richer scent from dolce & gabbana. 
neutral Light Blue consistently comes in at the top of the bestseller lists in the United States – and with very good reason: it is hard to beat in the summer refresher stakes. Featuring a sparkling green apple note and a translucent amber base, Light Blue is a pleasure to spritz on liberally in the heat. Its fruit notes are sheer rather than syrupy, so the overall effect is crisp and bright – like biting into an ice-cold Granny Smith. 

It's a pity, though, that the bright apple opening cannot be maintained past the one hour mark. The sheer amber base reveals itself to be Iso E Super, and the remaining three hours limp on in an agony of synthetics (for me). A pleasure at the start, but a plain old Iso E Super or cedramber base makes this one a miss for me.
neutral Light Blah. The name, the bottle, the fragrance. Where is the mystery, the oom pah pah?
Sillage alone does not a perfume make.( Aside: Love the story of Sophia Grojsman being followed for her amazing sillage when finalizing 'Eternity' for Calvin Klein) Black to Blah. Sung's 'Shi' is the same colour and much cheaper. A classic like Eau de Rochas or Eau Orlane (blue again) much nicer in my opinion but it could be just that my body chemistry is all wrong for this one. 

neutral Smelled this on a girl for years in a yoga class. She made 3 mistakes for me: 1) overwearing is a no no for me, 2) don't wear perfume in a hatha yoga class, 3) don't over apply, which she did all the time. Ever since she ruined it for me, lol .... the slightest hint of this juice will turn me off.  If you don't make any of those mistakes, this might work for you &  people around you.
neutral Is it me, or is this a carbon copy of Hugo by Hugo Boss, but more expensive?
positive Very sexy! On a girl, I think a man shouldn't wear this. It reminds me of a super hot chick. Leaves a scent trails and catches attention. Synthetic? Didn't even thought about it, this thing just works!

Sexy as hell on a girl, I wish more fragrances had such projection.
positive It´s beautiful and deliciously wonderful! I simply use it since I was a teenager... And I´m very proud to say that it was the first perfume I bought to myself... and it´s perfect and I´m love for it since the first time! 

And for those who says that a popular perfume is not good I recommend to read some articles/books from Turin (not so much - weird bad taste) and my favorite - Chandler Burr!!! 
I love Light Blue, I love J´adore, I love Coco, I love Tommy Girl... Popular? Yes, but damn good!!!

"You don’t consciously register the wood, but its smooth surface deepens and warms the citrus. One of the most perfectly executed perfumes of the past decade, it is almost insanely good." - D&G Light Blue ***** - Chandler Burr 

Just to know how to appreciate a good scent! 
It doesn´t matter if a lot of people use it!!!
positive All time favourite!
9 or 10 years ago, I got a sample in a club, I was a teenager, me and my friends fell in love with Light Blue...the first elegant, expensive perfume, we became so cool at school :D
Now, it's guite popular, but  I don't care, I still love it. Funny, but I've never realized the lemon in it, rather jasmine :)  I can't describe its freshness, I feel myself confident, fresh, clean, sexy all day.  Thank God, it stay all day long on my skin. It's strange, I'm not a kind of "light blue" girl, actually hate this colour, and I've never tought this fragrance fits to me, but I love wearing it!!!
I decided to buy something else, something unique (an other Dolce Gabbana perhaps), but I couldn't find anything acceptable, I'm gonna purchase an other LB tonight.  
positive It has a very pleasant grapefruity(isn't stated in the notes but I detect a trace of it somehow)/lemony note, yet not overpowering, great for summer. Definitely fits the light blue ad, gives the exact same mediterranean vibe. Its amazing on guys as well, I got more compliments from both sexes with this compared to the pour homme version. Wouldn't call it a must buy, but its a safe summer/beach scent to say the least.
positive I like this fragrance very much. It opens up with a freshness that i cannot describe in words. It's not overbearing. It stands out from other fragrances as it is quite unique.

Fresh, hints of floral with apple blossom. Perfect for those casual summer days. My words don't do it justice. I like that it isn't overpowering and that it's not too complex. 

I can see why it is still rated as one of the most top selling fragrances for women =)

The bottle is quite simple. It is not misleading at all, as the fragrance also is quite simple...but so nice. When i look at it, reminds me of a clean crisp day at the beach.

Notes as described on fragranceheaven.com.au:

Light Blue by Dolce & Gabbana is a delicious combination of lively Sicilian citron and effervescent Granny Smith Apples, which are softened and ethereally blended with the intensity of freesia, jasmine, earthy musk and amber to provide a stunning perfume that's both overwhelming and irresistible. It is recommended for casual wear. 
positive Normally I don't go for something so mainstream, but it's a fantasic summer scent for work. It's not dominantly floral or powdery. It's more feminine in the beginning but ends out being unisex in the end. That's fine with me, it's clean, fresh, & classy. I can see why it's so popular with nurses.
positive By far the best perfume I've ever worn... too bad I've outgrown it :(
positive I actually got this by accident.Whebn I realized it was for women I gave it to my mother.She used it for a bit and gave it back as she is not a big frag person like myself.  GQ mag suggested this can be a great scent for men.How right they were.Very fresh-refreshing.tHis scent is lush and "airy" ,especially on sweltering summer days.
positive Light blue is the best name for it, they're "baptized" it right.Very nice feeling to wear it, and yes, goes perfectly with light blue colured clothes, especially... light blue jeans. It feels a bit hippie in a delicate and smart way.The only minus is the lasting power, this wonderful perfume lasts even less than the EDCs from Bvlgari... so if you decide to get it, get a big bottle.
positive A lovely fresh scent for women.
positive In a nutshell:(1) Great, fresh and light citrus scent - with a hint of complexity. (2) Has very good staying power for a scent of this type. (3) This is a popular scent, so you will find many others wearing it, which is a negative if you want to wear something unique. 
positive Count me as another in the long line of men who prefer the original Light Blue to the relatively uninspiring pour Homme interpretation. The opening is quite sharp and actually downright masculine to my nose, though it softens significantly with all those florals in the mid notes. And those florals, by the way, are quite lovely, especially combined with the apple note which to my nose sticks around for a good while. Like walking through a fragrant garden while munching on a Granny Smith. This is a fun and completely unpretentious fragrance, something I find appropriate for a relaxing day out with friends or simply lounging around by yourself. A contemporary classic for good reason. 
positive This is a strange scent because it is something right in between Montales Soleil de Capri and Paco Rabannes Black XS (for Men). Now, I have never thought Soleil de Capri and Black XS have anything in common – anything at all – and in fact I still don’t, but oddly this is the exact crossroad between these two scents.It has more in common with Black XS, though. (Especially in the dry down)I get a crystal clear strawberry note in the beginning which is engaged with that apple note. I am not sure if this scent actually has a strawberry ingredient to it, or is it some sort of accord, but I smell strawberry very easily.Fresh, fruity, clean and very compelling. I love the crisp musky undertones in this. During the dry down Light Blue develops some green nuances (Granny Smith indeed comes to mind at this point) with the subtle almond-y smell in the distance. Very tasty.Like I said this reminds me of Soleil de Capri (same kind of combo of juicy citruses, white flowers and white musks) and Black XS (strawberry with woods and amber).Anyone (no matter whether you’re man or woman) who likes LB should checkout those two fragrances too because while these scents are similar there are still some distinctive differences as well.Black XS smells exactly like more masculine version of LB; it is slightly more dark and edgy with the notable patchouli note.Light Blue can easily be worn by men, but to my nose it still leans clearly more towards feminine side. This is a modern classic.
positive I liked the scent a lot.  I have been asked several times, what perfume I am wearing because they would say it smelled lovely.  I have not received compliments on my other perfumes except for this one.  It is something very casual that I can use at work daily without leaving a heavy perfumie kinda smell that I hate.  So to be considerate, this is my choice of scent at work. 
positive Light Blue to me is musky citrus cottom wool clouds. It certainly floats about for ages. I think it is both clean, warm and powdery. It is very distinctive, however this may be a bad thing as everyone wears this. When I first got to smell this, I was in Barcelona, and for a while it reminded me of my holiday there. Until I relaised that every girl 18-25 was bathing themselves in this stuff back in the UK, now it just makes me think of Bacardi Breezer swilling girls out on the pull in a Wetherspoons pub. Which is a real shame, as this is a lovely scent, when worn sparingly.
positive I prefer this version instead of the male version.  This female version smells fresh and can be worn by men also.  I read in GQ that men do prefer the female version instead of the male.  Plus women love it!   I get comments on it every time I wear it.  Give it a try, you might be surprised!  It also can be easily combined with other fresh scents.  Should of been labeled unisex.

negative Synthetic and aquatic - really boring!
negative Sharp citrus mixed with a synthetic aqua. It doesn't say fresh to me, it says sour. My work colleague let me sample it in the office. After a while she 'fessed up- she uses it to spray on her feet to keep them cool! It's not out and out bad, it's just not very nice. Right now I'm wishing I'd put it on my feet too,  instead of my arm, it's getting more sour and artificial as time goes on and is strong and persistent.
negative Iso E Super anyone?  A kind of citrus sherbet opening evolving into a clearly synthetic cedar mid-phase (kind of incensey) with barely perceptible fruity-floral patterns. Boring, uninteresting and definitely unbalanced on the synthetic side. Undeservedly popular and firmly unpleasant.
negative Even though this fragrance is so popular, I don't understand the appeal. It opens up to a tart granny smith apple, which gets bogged down by floral scents. The name suits it completely - you will smell a light aquatic scent in this Light Blue. But, it's too airy, and sweet for my taste. I might mistake cleaning my bathroom mirror with this instead of Windex. Too harsh? Yea, it doesn't work for me.

But, this scent does fit young teens perfectly. It's fresh and flirty. Anyone over 20 should opt for other aquatic scents.
negative I must say the opening isn't bad -sort of nice ,clean,fresh scent (this is probably what has hooked the masses of wearers) but unfortunately it ends in a sharp Windex+"clean"musk +pencils ---Bleah!!!!
I will say I have had the experience of customers coming into my workplace in the drydown stage after they had apparently hosed down in the stuff ."To freshen up"
I could TASTE this from across the store(at least 60 feet/20 meters away!).
So even if it rates as okay scentwise(topnotes only) I dislike it for the bad drydown .The wearers of this seem to like it for the topnotes and keep reapplying for that "hit"--only it is a edt not a splash cologne.Soon enough another hairspray/windex silliage horror is chokingly born.
negative  For something with 'Light' in the name she sure can shriek. Funny, when I was glossing over the pyramid I thought for a moment the 'bamboo' read, 'bimbo.' That's how little I enjoy this scent - my brain is trying to subconsciously rewrite the ingredients! Seriously, if I had a time machine, I wouldn't save Lincoln. I wouldn't warn the citizens of Pompeii.  I would stop Light Blue from being made.
negative This was a complete shock! I expected something light and bright, citrusy or apple-y, a crowd pleaser. But to me, it smells like Lemon Pledge sprayed onto pastry dough. It's actually kind of gross, and I'm afraid I found it rather nauseating. I only made it through about 90 minutes before scrubbing.I get no apple or cedar out of this at all. I get a fakey, citrusy mix wrapped around a core of what smells to me like saffron. I'm all for the avant-garde, but this combination just strikes me as ill-advised.I do acknowledge the brilliance of the name, though. Light blue is exactly the color of this fragrance! Milky, pale, passive-aggressive.Very hard to scrub off, as it turns out.
negative When I first got this one, I was looking for something to replace my favorite scent because I didn't think it was in production anymore. When I first tried this, I thought it was lovely, and didn't realize how many people were wearing it. 

It takes a while to drop down to the base notes on it, and it has a very sharp top note. If you're looking for sillage, this has it, and if you're looking for longevity, this one is definitely for you. It's harder to get rid of than fleas. However, much like other strong fragrances, this must be used very, VERY lightly, or it's overpowering, and you get tired of it after a while and want to wash it off to try on something different. I would much have preferred that it have come in something other than a spray bottle, as it's difficult to control a spray. If worn sparingly, it can be nice. 

I, however, tired of it very quickly, and would never buy another bottle of it. It ends up cloying in large doses, and even when you *do* use it lightly, it gets kind of annoying. After a short while on your dresser, you'd rather rub vanilla extract on your wrists than use it again.
negative When I smell this on other people I don't like it. Now it makes my stomach turn so I won't wear it anymore. And what's worse this is one of those scents that everyone is wearing. My husband hated it too, could never wear it around him, now I see why!

neutral About 2 months ago I made a list of all the best-selling fragrances around the globe and made it my duty to try them all. Light Blue was on this list.

I would love to have had a picture taken the moment I sniffed this for the very first time. I think I was in utter disbelief as to how people loved this perfume. All I got from this fragrance was a strong, sour burst of lemon. I usually associate lemon scents to detergents and cleaners around my home.

This was in no way a pretty or feminine fragrance. I have Moschino Funny! which is slightly similiar, but more floral and much lighter. I consider Funny! a better alternative to Light Blue. I will however add that men seem to love this fragrance, even though they agree with me when I say it's strong and lemony sour.


neutral I think it's very intoxicating on the open, however Light Blue is non-committal and is blended into a light juice that doesn't make enough of a statement.  The biggest problem we have with this is that the dry down recalls "mall store" to us.  If it didn't wind up in that  olfactory memory space, I'd consider it a candidate for a mixing fragrance.  Longevity isn't terrific.  Ultimately this is a polite pretty fragrance that is not too floral.  It's nice.  I didn't see this trumping other favorites like Nina Ricci.  
neutral I love Granny Smiths even as a kid, I eat them all the time. So I'm quite pleased to smell some off the top notes. Unfortunately after that vibrant opening, LIGHT BLUE goes downhill. Cedar, cedar and then more cedar. OK, I do get some musky and floral accents but these are ambient, the overall character remaining sharply woodsy even incensey. Sorry ladies but I wouldn't want to smell this on you - it's a little too butch for comfort yet feels a little too lightweight and synthetic to be taken seriously as a men's fragrance. 
neutral There is a too sharp, too heavy, too chemical musky note. Maybe the synthetic cedar note that someone has mentioned. I agree with the comparison to Eclat D' Arpege, but I prefer Eclat D' Arpege. However, I'd rather not wear either one of them. Maybe I'd like this on someone else.
neutral This is a love/ hate relationship. The only concept of longevity is through spraying it on fabric and that makes it very powerful and cloying. I think I was looking for light and green, but this struck me as a chemical blast. I would love to love this, but I do believe I would choose 4711 or even Moschino's I Love Love over this.
positive juicy orange.a citrus scent that is beautiful in the summer
positive I like it.  Very fresh, like lemon juice when you first put it on.  But quickly mellows to a floral-fresh smell that makes me think of the ocean (or maybe that's my brain remembering the marketing pictures).  Unlikely to offend anybody.  I'm not in love with it, but it's very nice.
positive I really like this scent.  It is a very clean smelling scent,it kinda reminds me of lemony fresh laundry. I find it very refreshing when I put it on. I think it's a lot different than other perfumes in the sense that it's not overpowering. It is perfect for the office or everyday use.  The only thing that i do not like about the EDT is the staying power.  Then scent wears off too fast, I find myself re-applying throught the day. Other than that I would recommend this to anyone who prefers something that's light and classic.
positive loves it! loves it! LOVES IT!!
positive I feel Luca's and Tania's review of this was a little unfair. I agreed with nearly all of "perfumes: The Guide", but not with the review of this. Light Blue extends "floral fresh" in a new direction without the tiresome overdose of Calone used in the 90's. Totally unisex and devoid of any pretence, like a delicate cloud of duck egg blue powder. Men and women can enjoy this one. 
positive Simply gorgeous. A sparkling citrussy floral that is good any time of year but especially so in Spring and Summer due to the citrus. It is fresh, clean and complex and to me smells very expensive although, strangely, it can often be found for as little as £10 a bottle in the UK. I have got through a few bottles of this in the last five years, one a very large bottle and hope it is never discontinued (because the smelly things I love usually are not popular and therefore are discontinued - sob!). It seems to smell very different on each different person because a couple of times I have stopped people to ask what their gorgeous perfume is and they have said it was Light Blue. Perfume is a very personal and idiosyncratic choice so it's very hard and often inadvisable to buy perfume for someone 'blind' but I would always recommend this as a reasonably safe choice to a man wondering what to buy for a woman as I can't imagine many people not liking this perfume.
positive If you like this scent but wish it were slightly different, try Eclat d'Arpege by Lanvin.  It's very similar but better, in my opinion.  
positive It definitely could be a unisex fragrance, but it is masculine in its own right.  Fruity with a powdery dry down.  Pleasantly fresh.Great longevity like DG pour Homme as well as great sillage.Thumbs up.
positive In my opinion, so far, this is the best of the Dolce and Gabbana lot for both men and woman - and that is saying alot, but this is simply fantastic!  I wish the men's was this good! No matter, I'll wear them both, but prefer this one.  Guys, don't be afraid to use this!5 STARS!
positive Indeed a true «feel good thing...neutraly bright and cooly warm» -feotidussmells remarkably fresh n clean but in a way that avoids nowdays crap, yet the only recent fresh n clean designer feminine marketed for younger public that I truly respect. You see...  where I live, girls of my age (18-22) tend to wear things that are just.....how could I say in a proper language...that are just total crap (I'm talking to you cool water woman, ralph and swiss army). yet, light blue is a big exeption to all this nonsenseNo ozone/calone/cheap smelling childish too-sweet'n'-too-sour fruity florals.Instead we have a good accord of crisp greed and jucy green apple / fresh dry decamphorized cedar in the oppening , and what I suspect to be a healthy dose of Iso E super and Hedione that gives the haert notes a pure, clean and liquid feel (NOT AQUATIC PLEASE). For the rest, I could not say really.. perhaps the iso E super goes on and on, with a pretty little white musk and some more cedar. the whole thing is very very well crafted and balanced imo. this «perfume» was the weired characterirstic of being feminine and almost girly whithout being childish girly. Yet almost unisex for those of us who don't fuss about wearing feminine fragrances...by the way, I agree with the one who said that DnG shoud discontinue the newer light blue for man which is nothing compared to it's so called feminine alterego.
positive I bought this for my honeymoon trip and every time I smell this it reminds me of my honeymoon trip, It was a Caribbean Cruise, and Light Blue smelled delicious the entire time, it sticks for hours, but it never dulls or anything, it stays fresh and making you feel clean and cool, very recommendable for hot weathers.
positive Jumping on the bandwagon that the women's Light Blue could be unisex and that D&G should discontinue their Men's version. I had taken my girlfriend into the store to smell this specifically. She grabbed the bottle and smelled the atomizer cap only so I grabbed a card for her to spray on. She missed and sprayed my hand!This was terrible on the card HOWEVER I was able to test it out on my hand. Man I can't stop sniffing. A lightly powdery fruited cedar. I still smell it after 3 hours.
positive The Granny Smith apple note in the opening gives enough contrast with the cedar and bluebells to create a bit of olfactory surprise.  The whole floral fruity top level is smooth and refreshing and very nice if not extremely sophisticated.  It’s a feel good thing – neutrally bright and coolly warm.  The florals and bamboo of the middle continue with a smooth floral  / green dominated by a simple jasmine: the simplicity of the accord is captivating and is completely in tune with the vibes of the opening.  The base is more cedar and musk—quite recessive to my nose, but I think its sparsity is fully in tune with the theme of Light Blue.  I enjoy this scent; it is refreshing, it is the springtime and mountain lakes and butterfly filled meadows.  At times I think that Light Blue could be a unisex fragrance, but then there are times when it seems so youthfully feminine.  Regardless, it’s a charming scent and it deserves to be as popular as it is.
positive I like this fragrance a lot, it's so fresh and citrusy.However it doesnt' really have staying power on me which is a shame as I really like the scent.When I was buying this bottle I stumbled upon Dior Addict 2, which in my nose has something similar to this. 
positive The notes say green apple, but the fruit comes across as grapefruit to me, with notes of bubblegum.  No matter--these are man-made aromas, so any guess is as credible as the next.  This is a great fruity scent, sweet and vanillic, tart and juicy at the same time.  I find it soft and pretty, mellow and full, yet lively.  For reference, my favorite citrus fragrances are Moschino I Love Love, which has a zesty, definite grapefruit note, and Montale Soleil de Capri, which has a natural-smelling citrus.  Light Blue is another that I like, with its playful, mouth-watering, wad-of-bubblegum note.
positive LOL - I totally agree with what a few other people here seem to point out - over the past few years, it has indeed become a stocking-filler sort of fragrance.This perfume, along with Brut cologne spray, Piere Cardin, Lagerfeld Classic (a fantastic men's fragrance), Chloe and Anais-Anais, has indeed become a Christmas stocking filler perfume - well at least within my family.That being said, everyone in my immediate family, including myself, have quite expensive tastes in fragrance, usually steering clear of stocking-filler fragrances - but this is one that everyone I know enjoys waking up to on Christmas morning!Fresh, dynamic, relatively clean, sporty and quite unisex. Freshly natural smelling, not laiden with synthetic-smelling crap. The bamboo note is clear and harmonious - almost cerebral in nature - like unto pure mysore sandal essence, yet absolutely nothing like it! And the Granny Smith is clear and fresh smelling, never stuffy and sweet, as it quite often is in other perfumes.The cedar and musk is light, and sticks very well to its name sake. And for some odd reason, maybe coz of the name, maybe coz of the notes, I associate this with Baby Blue Jeans.But anyway, I am a guy, I like wearing it, I get lots of compliments from wearing it in Spring and Summer, and can't wait to try the men's version, but I haven't seen it anywhere here in Brisbane, yet. But I can't wait - and I truly hope it resembles the original.Cheers, and enjoy. 6/10 from me, and thumbs up.
positive Most D&G fragrances are just too much for me, but this is lovely. It's refreshing and crisp with good sillage.  I like this and Jardin sur les Nil by Hermes for summer.
positive The top notes for me show a great deal of citrus and a hint of the fruity middle notes, but they fade away very rapidly on my skin, even the midnotes don't show a lot of presence and sadly, i don't find that it has a strong -not even a faint- white rose note,the note i was most interested in, maybe that white rose was  the type that wasn't very fragrant. What i get the most, and what sticks to me like glue for hours, is the base, and the white musk is the one note that wins over the rest. Strangely, it has a similar drydown to VC&A's Automne wich has a lot of woodsy notes. The cedarwood is also very present. I didn't find it womanly and i felt it could easily be an unisex scent. Well, in the case that your skin (like mine) skips the fruits and flowers and goes straight to the base). 
positive This is one of the only fragrances that can ENTIRELY pull off what i like to call a 'citrus blast.' The top notes are heavenly, and from there on it develops beautifully! Fairly cheap, and one of the most commonly ripped off perfumes YTD!

negative I was looking for a gift and sniffed this one inadvertently. What a regret, I wish I never had. It's not a fragrance, it's an essential stench!It’s horrible, suffocating, bitter, nasty, irritating, all permeating, and not going away. It made me sick and nauseated for at least half an hour just by smelling it. I remember from a long time ago the same "aroma" was hovering over the fragrance counter at a VERY cheap department store. On a positive side though, it can make an excellent agent for the chemical warfare - will disable your adversaries in split seconds and it lasts! Unfortunately, I can not specify the ingredients, but I wish I knew what they were, so if I saw them I would have a chance to avoid getting sick again.
negative Don't like it on myself or anyone else. It starts out saying, "Don't pay any attention to me, I'll be fading away any minute," and rather than vanishing, ends up smelling like spoiled baby formula. I tried very hard to like it, but ultimately, it didn't merit the effort. I don't understand what all the fuss is about and I think if anyone still wears it in 20 years, it will be because they are giving it away at TJ Maxx. Smells exactly like all the other watery frags of that started off the millennium and made you wish you had been born in time to wear the frags of the 1920s.
negative I am so over this perfume.  Seven years ago, I used four sprays and promptly gave it to a friend.  I'm not literate enough in the language of perfume to explain why I don't like it.  I just don't.  Maybe it's the fruit or the distinct smell of light blue I'm not crazy about.   Light Blue on a man is difficult to envision. (not that there's anything wrong with that.)  What a man he'd have to be to pull THAT off.The friend to whom I gave my Light Blue loved it...and the friend is a she. 
negative Instant headache potion.I owned and loved this for a few months when I was 13 or 14, back when it was fashionable. I'm not sure what happened, but overnight I couldn't wear it anymore. I think it is the cloyingly sweet woodsy note that burns itself into my brain and attempts to fry it. Sadly, I now am at the point where I can get physically ill even smelling the *cloud* emanating from someone else wearing it on the street or (god forbid) in a closed space like a train. 
negative I really expected to like this one, but don't care for it at all. Hopefully a friend will like it and take my bottle off my hands.  It smells artificial and harsh to me.  I agree with the comment about it smelling masculine. 

neutral Opens with powdery citrus then dries down as Iso E Super's synthetic cedar (or if you like, it dries down as Escentric 01).  I find that I like the smell of Iso E Super, so no complaints on that score from me.  Over all this fragrance strikes me as clean and pleasant, if not exactly exciting.  It's a nice step up from the floral or musky nightmares aimed at the general market.  I would find it more interesting on a guy, if only because it would be more unexpected.
neutral Smells wonderful and thought hubby would love the fruity notes, but I had on too much of the lotion and ruined its first impression. He said it made his eyes water. But in all I liked it but it was more of a scent I would have preferred to smell on a man. Misleading to me because it wasn't "feminine" scented.
neutral Way too popular for its own good: at this stage of her life, Light Blue is quite slutty and random. No spark or lucidity left in its soul. It 'was' pleasant once, but after three of my girlfriends, who are absolutely catty and hate each other tremendously, have used the exact same scent in gross quantities -and guess what the scent was- since they first grew breasts, to me Light Blue has very little left in its reserve to impress me. God, get a grip: there are so many other designer scents out there ready to be explored. Does Dolce&Gabbana put some secret addictive substance in this bottle? Even the 'Angel' monsters are less adamant than the 'Light Blue' fanatics. It was a good scent, that is why it is 'neutral.' It is a good feminine woods smell, and those are -or were- hard to come by... once. But not anymore. Make no mistake: this is perhaps the most abused scent of the decade - right up there with Davidoff Cool Water and L`Eau D`Issey. Light Blue is not a scent that will make you stand out in the crowd: it will make you a part of the herd. It will make you 'fit in.' If that is the objective, then you cannot find any other scent that is this flawless.  Enough already.  
neutral Initial impressions are citrus with a slightly floral background. Extremely redundant of Dior Higher, at least to my memory. A perfectly fine citrus scent, but not very mature. I definitely wouldn't wear it in the cold weather, and wouldn't buy it after age 24 or so.
neutral I love the fresh blast of the beginning and the soapy-clean dry down, but somewhere in the middle (about 2-4 hours after applying it) it starts smelling like very strong, very plasticky air freshener to me, reminiscent of fresh Gucci Rush. When it's worn by other people I can only smell the nice musky base notes, but it just doesn't work on me.
neutral I don't get the big deal with this fragrance. It seems dated and masculine to me. 
positive While I've worn both the EDT and the EDP, I find I like the EDT better.  This is a sweet musk.  If you want to try musk out this is the easy way to do it.  This is a floral woody musk which is one of my favorites.  Well my favorite would be a woody musk but the florals really cause this to be a nice clean sweet scent.  It's very very girly...quite feminine. I find it easy to wear and non offensive.  I really can't imagine an occassion that this scent would not work for.  It's a beautiful day time scent that can evolve into evening where.  It could easily be a signature scent.  
positive Narciso Rodriguez line has a very distinct touch and feel – as if all the fragrances would be a part of the same idea. The thing uniting them all is Egyptian musk that Mr. Rodriguez found in his travels to Egypt and fell so hard in love with that he decided – all his fragrance line will showcase this exceptional scent, partly clean, partly animalic and very soft. 

His perfumers actually use a blend of many different synthetic musks to create the ultimate NR musk. It is done so because quite a lot of people are anosmic to one or another type of musk, and the goal here is to showcase the musk instead of allowing a part of population to be unable to smell it at all. That's why there are so many differing opinions on NR fragrances – some say they are subtle, work friendly, lovely and squeaky clean, and some say they are dirty, sexy and attention grabbing. The truth is, as almost always, somewhere in the middle. And what a gorgeous smelling middle it is!

Narciso Rodriguez For Her EDT is the first fragrance of the line and the most popular of them all. (The pink EDP bottle came a bit later and started causing the confusion, because the EDT is a black bottle which comes in a pink box, and the EDP is a pink bottle which comes in a black box... And then just think about all these identical For Her rectangles and Narciso cubes that all look identical except for the colours and the juice inside. That Narciso guy is evil and I'm sure he knows it.)

For Her EDT was created by perfumers Christine Nagel and Francis Kurkdjian in 2003 and has the top notes of Osmanthus & Orange blossom, head notes of Musk and base notes of Vetiver, Amber and Vanilla. I can't say that I'm getting any amber or vanilla here, to me For Her is a soft, purring and heartachingly beautiful musk and osmanthus scent with woody undertones that make it less fluffy and give it more character. (The pink EDP has Peach and Rose in the top notes instead of Osmanthus & Orange blossom) and is a bit fruitier, sweeter and less woody/vetiver-y than EDT. Also, EDT seems to be just as well – if not better – lasting on my skin, so choose the one you like more.) 

They're both are great, they're all are great – but For Her EDT is the one that made me fall in love with Narciso Rodriguez scents, it still makes my eyes roll back every time I sniff it, it's just so sensual and elegant and soft.

positive Smells like an advanced hairspray but acts like a real perfume. Its crisp and light but with a profound intensity that really shines. Works better on the skin than on a blotter. Wears a realm of 'vintage-perfume' charm upon its sleeve while managing to stay a pure, simple and very amicable experience. Just good.
positive Dirty, bitter flowers at first.
Mellows and sweetens in the middle.
Musky bottom with a smattering of patchouli.
Finishes nicely, overall.
positive This scents like my Grandmother's sheets. They were laundered in a 60's floral detergent. Hung dry in the clean country air. Folded and placed in a Cedar chest. 
Now they smelled strongly of Cedar and the Floral was faint in the background.

This is opposite, Floral is in your face and Cedar in the background. Ultimately this is Woody Aroma Chemical (WAC)Saccharine.
It gets a thumbs up because it reminds me of my Gran. 
Don't know that I would wear it or have my wife wear it though.
positive Gauzy abstract white floral with a nice peachy voluptuousness about it and a comforting milky undertow. Has something of the siren lure of Rush without the latter’s pushiness. This is squarely mainstream made in the highly buffed manner of 1970s mixed florals, but when it’s done right, hey it’s the kind of perfume to spray on and head to the nearest convivial social gathering. 
Smells soft and welcoming to bystanders. Lots of airy musks involved but deployed well in the service of the floral notes. So smoothly executed, it’s a safe buy for purchasers of designer florals, but it also has the ability to remain interesting to those of more particular tastes provided they approach it with open minds.
(Review for EDT.) 

positive Found a sample of this in a drawer, and never having worn it decided to spray it on. Quite feminine and 'girly' of course, but also quite nice too, especially in the opening. Getting a lot of musk from this, along with the florals (rose and iris, two that I can live with). Younger or older women could wear this, and probably a man could too, if he were so inclined. Not sure that's me, but this is quite a good designer release, in my opinion.
positive It's perfumes like this one that give me an all new appreciation for rose. (Heck, and musk!) These two dominant notes aren't ones I typically seek out or go weak in the knees for, but here they're just so soft, feminine and pretty. It does have a freshly laundered quality - clean, warm. After a while, the rose wanes a bit and peach and sandalwood come out to play. For me, peach and sandalwood are a great match that always go so well together, and there's no exception here. This is when it goes from powdery to a little more creamy, as well.

Somehow, this reminds me a lot of Midnight Oud by Juliette Has A Gun. Much less woody, but the rose in each fragrance stampedes through your senses just the same way. And, both fragrances remind me of walking through the woods in the springtime - trees and bushes just bursting with fresh blooming flowers. Feminine, sensual yet inoffensive - It makes for a versatile scent that can be worn for just about any occasion.
positive Salutation.

When i first smelled this EDT captivated my senses immediately. It is more Lovely than Male Version and Less Romantic than EDP Version.I am loving this scent.Everything about this product is NICE. Sultry,Sophisticated, Heady,Hot,Provocative,Little Sweet, Creamy,Modern,Feminine and Heavy.

When you enter the Room heads turn and people want to know what that Mysterious fragrance is? Sharp Opening.Orange blassom and Light amber supported by Warmth of Bergamot in the Top notes.NR is a really beautiful dark floral for me.

Generally it it chic and exudes Seduction yet maintains a Hypnotic presence.I would Highly Recommend this EDT with assurance that you wouldn't be disappointed if you are a Smart LADY and definitely 25/40 years old.It is ideal for a SPECIAL occasion in a WINTER Evening.

Sillage?Great.

Longevity?Very Good on my skin.

7.5/10 
positive I was prompted to write a review of 'For Her' after smelling 'For Women' (white bottle) a few days ago.
This is the one (FH) with good sillage and elusive musks, the EDP is peachier with definite stickability.
The EDT is the equivalent of a Toyota Corolla, ubiquitous, rust free, user friendly with good economy. It lacks imagination but statistics show it benefits from repeat purchasers, and you can soup it up with the 'In colour' or 'Musc Intense' add-ons that men love, like a leather bound steering wheel or Recaro seats. That men love this is not in question, my husband loves the sillage hours after I have put it on.
Let's face it, it's a must have, it's your favourite pair of jeans or possibly your favourite pair of knickers; you, but better, with Narciso at the leather bound steering wheel, cruising the Napa valley, tasting astringent wines that mellow with age, For Her in a Toyota Corolla.

positive It was only seconds after first applying Narciso Rodriguez for Her that I realized I’d need to spend some time with it. It’s appeal was immediate, but not easy for me to fathom. Its profile is distinctive and instantly recognizable,  yet every time I wear Narciso Rodriguez for Her I smell echoes of other scents. So while it does not smell at all like Angel, it shares partly in Angel’s uninhibited flamboyance, and completely in its willingness to play games with gender expectations. The animalic musk and woods at the core of Narciso Rodriguez for Her are no less “masculine” than the patchouli-soaked woody oriental accord beneath Angel’s fruity florals. 

On another wearing it occurs to me that Narciso Rodriguez for Her is a sort of modernist gloss on Chanel’s Bois des Îles, from apricot-inflected osmanthus and orange blossom top notes that reflect the Chanel’s peach and neroli, to the parallel construction of its musk and reconstructed sandalwood drydown. The “modernism” manifests itself in simpler construction, comfort with exposing blatantly chemical ingredients, and an overall sense of comparative bluntness.  If Bois des Îles is rendered in oils, Narciso Rodriguez for Her is an acrylic painting. Likewise, to borrow an anatomical metaphor, where Bois des Îles displays a glowing, unblemished skin, Narciso Rodriguez for Her reveals the skeleton beneath. 

These echoes of genre-defining woody oriental predecessors detract not a bit from the pleasure of wearing this scent. Perhaps that’s because, for all its embrace of the obviously synthetic,  Narciso Rodriguez for Her exhibits sufficient  balance and integrity to convince on its own terms. Too bad Rodriguez followed this up with the relatively insipid Narciso Rodriguez for Him. They’d have done better just to amp up the vetiver in this, put it in a different bottle, and sell it to the guys as well.

positive This is a review on EDP; the pink bottle.

My favourite perfume at the moment. 
It is unique & sexy. It has prominent rose & orange blossom notes but it’s not like a typical old lady’s scent; with the musky base notes, it is feminine and sensual and definitely for the women with confidence. It has really luxurious floral scents and smells absolutely beautiful on me. 

Years ago, in early spring, when I was strolling around Valencia city (Spain) enjoying the lit up historical buildings in the night, I ended up in the plaza with several stalls selling flowers. All the colourful spring flowers were radiant in the dark and, as I passed them, I was enveloped in the composite of floral scents filling the air. This fragrance reminds me of the magical feeling of that night.

I adore it!
positive EDT. Really nice. Feminine, but could easily be worn by a daring male.
positive Shouts it is a Kurkdjian work, has signature of him overall. It reminds me a mix of Lumiere Noire pour Homme&pour Femme, but of course leaning to the feminine side. Very classy and women who discover and wear this is very lucky (NR being not very popular brand here in my land) 
positive I think this scent is delightful. Light, sexy, with just a tiny bit of sparkle. 

Yes, it smells delightful--in the bottle. 

It smells nonexistent on my skin. I can barely smell anything. Other people can barely smell anything. They have to jam their noses right up against my skin to smell anything at all--a ghost of a scent. Heartbreaking. 

I have ben reduced to obsessively sniffing the bottle for my high. 

This is no way to live. 
positive Like walking into a florist's shop at midnight. Dense, musky, tropical flowers and foliage. Quite dreamy, for some reason it causes a nostalgic emotion in me. I get visions of Elizabeth Taylor and troubled love...uh, where was I?...this scent is very boudoir-like and old-fashioned. Also, doesn't have top quality composition, tends to fall apart in the end and display the hem of its synthetic underskirt.
positive This is for the EDT.
Words cannot accurately describe this fragrance. It is now my signature scent. 
It is sheer, somewhat translucent; yet very present, comforting in an exciting way(!), and concealingly enveloping. Very tactile indeed. It starts with a dominant note that I cannot identify at all, sort of like a incensey/smokey ghost note that can't be grasped. It has a "warm skin" quality that dominates, but not sun-kissed, as this is a night time scent for sure. The "ghost note" makes room for orange blossom, musk, woods and a few others I'm not familiar with. The honey flower note seems to last the longest on my skin. 

negative "I will return to Paris tomorrow evening. Don't wash," wrote Napolean to Josephine.

This fragrance is what she smelled like...
negative It starts as one of my worst nightmares: a flare of flowers, especially jasmine and  orange blossom the way I hate them (I can't exactly explain how it is  but I could recognize it everywhere: sharp, oily, dirty in an uninteresting way,sickly sweet...).
I barely keep myself from scrubbing the fragrance from my arm when something familiar for me emerges and...it's Dyptique Ofresia I'm smelling!! The same peppery and wet, transparent woody notes that I loved so much for a couple of years, long ago, before breaking a half full bottle on the bathroom floor and beginning to loathe it. This one doesn't even need spilling: the base notes, annoyingly long lasting, soon turn chemical and soapy, rendering the fragrance quite nasty for me.

neutral I'm rating the EDP. 

It's disappointing. It smells good. A lot of floral, mostly Lilly of the valley. Everything is soft in it. Light. Too light. Sillage and longevity should be a lot better, especially for an EDP. This review would be positive if there was more, because the scent itself is lovely, but you can't enjoy it.

I smelled the EdT now and it's slightly better. It lasts longer and it's got a nice plum touch. 
neutral This is VERY fruity/floral!

I had only smelled the oil prior to obtaining this (Iridescent) bottle as well as the white cube shaped bottle, so these were both very new to me.

The reviews are all over the place for many of the scents from this house, and I wonder if part has to do with not knowing which scent we are actually describing - even here, I am forced to say I own a bottle that I don't, as it is the closest one to the bottle that I DO own, since someone did not think it was different enough to offer it its own "line item". That is perhaps fine, but I just rated the NON-iridescent EDP - not the EDT or the Iridescent (which is what I have and INTEND to rate). I really do hope someone gets where I am going with this on the MANY levels I am taking it...MANY LEVELS.

Anyway, as far as scent goes, I liked it ok, but I believe this is way more of a fruity floral than I was lead to believe (a difficult genre for me when done by the best), or my nose is really off - plausible...but I would bet money that this house is designed to target the "under 40" ladies, so I feel very certain that I am not this house's demographic. 
neutral This starts with a fresh and fruity rose note, which is given a slight sharpness by a musky undertone that at times has hint of patchouli attached to it - with a nigh-chypre-ish touch at times. The drydown includes a refreshing neroli, developing into a base of a sweeter vanilla core.

The opening, not without originality, is my favourite part, but the rest is a tad boring on my skin and to me overly synthetically-biochemically designed.  I get  moderate sillage, good projection and six hours of longevity.  2.5/5


neutral Inspired by a musk oil Rodriguez found in the middle east, this was his initial scent and can be categorized as a floral chypre with an emphasis on the use of musk. This information is supplied by Roja Dove.

Rose and Peach can be detected in the opening, with Osmanthus and Neroli in the heart.
Vetiver and Amberlyn plus vanilla make up the base.

Turin called it a "radiant woody" and gave it four stars, noting its success for "mating a big, somewhat masculine patchouli-musk to…orange blossom floral."

I found it to be a light floral with a hint of milky musk.  Perfectly pleasant, but nothing special.

Top notes: Rose, Peach, Musk
Heart notes: Neroli, Osmanthus
Base notes: Vetiver, Amberlyn, Vanilla
neutral I read the many rave reviews on this perfume and after a long consideration ,I decided to take the plunge and buy it without ever trying this on .I purchased the Gift Set from Nordstrom that includes the EDT 3.4 ounces,Purse Mini Spray 10ml, and body cream 30 ml.I was quite nervous about loving this, as I paid $109. Well,I have to say that I am pretty happy with this perfume and it is a lovely, enchanting fragrance. Very woodsy, sulky and musky, definately fall/winter/evening perfume. However...........This is an almost identical fragrance to another perfume which I simply adore, Believe by Britney Spears. Only, Believe does not develop into a lingering barber's shaving cream smell at the dry down . I have no idea why this is, maybe the tactile musk/solar musk blend?I have to admit that Narsico Rodruiqez EDT appears to be a softer, creamier and overall more well rounded/ subtler version of Believe by Britney Spears. It has somewhat soapy, shampoo-y finish . I love patchouli and in both perfumes patchouli is quite pronounced ,much more so in Believe. Believe is sharper and less complex, yet I still found it to be more feminine that NR. Would I buy NR EDT for Her again?I am not sure. I would probably buy its sibling Believe by Britney Spears instead, that is much better value for money at $40 for 3.4 ounces and also has better staying power.Would I enjoy wearing NR for Her?Definately,it is a good perfume,just not something I am insanely crazy about.
neutral Tried this out at Sephora in the rollerball version. I was taken by surpriseat first sniff. It was really interesting and different from most of the fragrances that Canadian Sephora carries. The top notes are my favourite part of the whole thing.

And then it quickly falls apart. It started smelling really synthetic, and it reminded me of some cheap hair products.

Does anyone know a good alternative that smells like the top notes of NR for Her?
neutral If you like egyptian musk this is for you. This is what it smells like. My husband bought this for me and he loves it. Im not against egyptian musk as I use to wear in the oil form so it's okay. 
neutral Oh how I wanted to like this fragrance.  All the build up, the publicity, the "Sex in a Bottle", etc. and all I got was pure musk.  No florals, wood notes, just pure musk, like a bottle of Jovan Musk oil.  It was not disgusting or vile, just not worth the hefty price tag when you can get Jovan Musk oil at the corner drug store.  
neutral This fragrance is nice, pleasant, inoffensive, a bit different and interesting, but not remarkable. Do I detect Lilly Of The Valley somewhere in the mix? It avoids the trap of the sickening sweetness that every other fragrance of the day seems to be falling into.
neutral i cannot smell it at all on my skin, however not a bad scent . 
altough i cannot detect anything in this perfume( it is too light for me, almost invisible) my cat was obsessed sniffing my wrist(which is a scary fact, imagine what is inside this thing..)! 
neutral I really like this fragrance but surely I am not alone in thinking it is a slightly more refined and dare I say it, sanitised version of a cross between Strip & Agent Provocateur? That is why I'd give it a neutral rather than definite thumbs up - to my nose, this has been done before.
positive Irresistible super sophisticated concoction, one of the best "things" of the modern perfumery (I talk about the juice in the pink bottle, the EDP version, the one I've tested on my skin and that my girlfriend has worn for a period few years ago). First of all this is different, really different from the modern gassy-plastic lollipop kind new feminine concoctions around. Chic and glamour. The aroma is neither gourmand nor caramellous or powdery-synthetic (anyway in a sheer way), is instead averagely sharp, musky and slightly balmy but with a touch of classic exoticism and an outstanding floral discreet  sophistication. This is a modern fragrance that expresses a traditional , indipendent and solitary concept of femininity. The scent is musky, very musky and rosey with key roles played by orange blossoms, bergamot and amber. The mystery is enhanced by a silent lush sambac jasmine while the extreme sophistication owns a secret with the name of iris (anyway that's what i think). The aroma is at the same time erotic (may be also a touch of honey is hidden in the blend), sensual, almost corporeal, intimate and ethereal...a rarity. Something laundry and soapy, may be the combination of rose, iris and musk, sparkles in the air exuding from the complicated wake of orangy, rosey and ambery musk, sandalwood and hyper lush osmanthus. The femininity is intimate and a bit mysterious. A touch of vanilla and patchouli imprints more depth and silence. I figure on mind the image of a young, discreet girl elusive in the shadow.
positive One of the very few interesting compositions of the last decade among the designer's range. NR for Her is a tremendously radiant concoction of woods and flowers (mainly orange blossoms) laying on a masculine musky base. Its main appeal lies in its incredible distinctiveness made of an unmannered beauty and charme. Elegant but not affected, NR for Her takes immediately the distance from nowadays clean fragrances by introducing a bold ambery/musky base that continuely winks at many classic compositions from the past. At the same time its perfect balance and refinement make of NR For Her a very versatile fragrance that's perfect for both younger crowds as well as for mature wearers. Very good.

Let someone who's not into perfume smell this, and if he/she likes it you just discovered a new potential perfumista. A contemporary classic.
positive This is a dark, warm,and sexy fragrance. Not much floral in it at all on me. Sadly, it doesn't last as long as I wish it would. But I love it while it's there. 
positive This is one of my favorites.  A very sexy smell.  Maybe a bit too much honey flower (or whatever that is that smells like honey) for my taste.
positive It took me many years to warm up to this fragrance but I finally did. The white patchouli note in the base used to really jump out at me too much, so I never really tried wearing it. when I finally did I was so pleasantly surprised! it really calmed down on my skin, and turned into a unique and wearable fragrance. I think LT called it a "radiant wood", and that sounds about right. The osmanthus note is very very pretty, and this fragrance is a compliment-getter. Not the rarest scent out there, but a very special scent to me.
positive This review is for the EDT in the black bottle...

Wow!! I think this is pure sex in a bottle. At least it is for me! Beautiful, lusty, ambery musk at first...and then a sweet floral dry-down that teases and teases. 

During the first two hours of wearing this, it occurred to me that it smelled how I wanted a masculine cologne to smell on a woman. I realize that doesn't make much sense...but...I have a fascination with cologne and sometimes I think I have found the perfect masculine scent for me, and then, oh no, I find something about it I can't stand. The top and heart of this fragrance made me think about this because of its beautiful musk accord.

Beyond that, it does have a very unique floral dry-down, which is very interesting, as most perfumes are vice-versa. I'm not big into strong florals, but NR's trail suited me just fine...even wearing a suit today! It made me feel feminine, confident, AND sexy. 

Lasted almost ten hours, too, which is very impressive in my book. Now I see what all the hype was about!

Jan
13
2009 

positive (Edp Review)

I was waiting for a fragrance like this, honestly, today floral scents are beautiful but so weak, i still need some heavy and aggressive fragrance, just to feel alive again. In this case Narciso Rodriguez For Her definitely fulfill my expectations..

The initial notes are fairly woody and intense, then after a while powdery flowers with a strong presence of musk begin to bloom. The powerlasting is good. Just to add: This scent is not for everyone.
positive This fragrance is amazing, one of my all time favorites. The woody and musky overtones create a very sensuous and sophisticated fragrance, perfect for a night out. NR for her is all class. 
positive This parfume has got notes that are not easyly distinguishable. I couldn't say exactly what makes this scent smell of "woman". I can't detect fruits, flowers, or woods in its olfactive pyramid. There is a sort of unrecognisable ingredient that makes NR4her a sofisticated product. In my opinion this is a sign of modernity. Too bitter and "dirty" for me, but very nice.
positive I agree with angelica when she says that it's the 21st century's No 5! NR for her is so feminine, classy , radiant, modern but also traditionnal in its perfection and conception!Try it!
positive The 21st century's No 5...................................
positive I liked it. It is a well blended creamy musky and close to skin scent but is not weak or transparent. None of the notes hits your nose or comes front, has a nice harmony ;just a good choir would have. This harmony reminds me of the very first scent i had in high school; Babe was also so well blended that a friend of mine was suprised to see it is a perfume. It smelled a lot like skin and less like any common note. Whitemusk when balanced with fruits can do the magic. but do not take it easy as it has been tried thousands of times before and very rare of them got the justifiable repute of Narciso Rodriguez for Her.
positive After sampling the EDT and EDP several times on many occasions, I'd have to conclude that both seem to be very different scents altogether. Personally I prefer the EDP which I find creamier, much richer, more powdery, and has a more distinct floral sweetness to it. Both are synthetic smelling but in a good way like Clinique's Happy for Women. To me there isn't a hint of fruits at all in both concentrations. 
positive I am fascinated by the wildly confliciting opinions this perfume generates. I have to say I didn't think much of the EDT or EDP, not bad but nothing to make me charge for the register either. However, I am addicted to musks, and oils in particular work well for me. So I went for the Musc for Her, I think the scent translates so much better in this form, it's smoother, prettier, richer but still quiet. On me it's a innocent clean floral musk, a daytime fragrance . I just don't get the sexy vibe others mention. I guess my sexy is a little dirtier. I think it's quite pricey for a strictly daytime scent, however, the quality is there, the oil is thick, the scent is concentrated - just a dab or two really will do you all day. The packaging - opaque black bottle in a sturdy reusable black box is perfect for storing indefinately and even though I use this as frequently as any of my others, it will easily outlast them all.     
positive The one in the black bottle. You know that heady, invincibly sexy feeling you get when you're just the right shade of tipsy, the night is young, and you're looking like a million bucks? If that feeling were a fragrance, NR would be it.
positive it's the amber that is its downfall.  i can handle strong orientals and chypre and a light musk.  but without fail, an amber note will give me a headache and have me running to wash it off.  I love smelling it in the bottle.  but once it gets on my skin, i can't stand it.  
positive This review is for the EDT, which is the superior version of the two.The first words that came to mind upon smelling this on a smelling strip were:- Radiant- SeraphicOn wearing, it feels like the radiance of the sun at noon in an early spring day.It also smells like a niche perfume (Tocca's Cleopatra). Does not smell like SJP's Lovely at all to me (not too impressed with that one).This is marketed a feminine? Could've a fooled female coworker who thought it's a men's.Note: Tried the EDT. Not impressed with the EDP - cannot smell the EDP much at all, even after a few hours. The EDT lasts for 6-8 hours.
positive My fiance loves this scent - he apparently read about it in some or other men's glossy, tested it at the perfume boutique and came back weak-kneed.  I went hunting for it to test and I was not disappointed.  I like "ghost" fragrances - ones that are unusual ("not safe") and not overpowering (ones that people don't immediately comment on but ones that linger in a person's imagination until they smell the perfume somewhere else or on someone and immediately get reminded of you).  My signature perfume is Euphoria by Calvin Klein.  I have only used 2 perfumes in my entire lifetime: Tommy Girl by Hilfiger and now Euphoria.  My other favorite is Alien by Thierry Mugler and now, Narciso Rodriguez for Her EDP.  I love Rodrigues solely because it smells elegant without being girly and overtly feminine and it has the "ghost" effect.  For a perfume snob, Narciso has done very well.  I love it.

negative Heavy, cloying, strong, overly sweet oriental. Headache-inducing for me, had to scrub this.
negative Not a fan. Starts off very strong, has a synthetic weird smell like an old fashion hair product---maybe dipity-do! 
negative I got the EDT after reading these reviews, and simillar ones elsewhere. As i luuuw musky scents, i had high hopes for this one. But, there was only this high pitch synthetic note taking over the whole show. No musk at all. I dont know what that dominating note is, as im a perfume novice. But my OH my, it got the power!!! After four scrubs under the sink and two showers, its was finally gone. This makes me wonder; how come my fav perfumes doesnt stay on my skin that long?
negative I had great hopes for this(edp) for the first 5 minutes.Each time I tried it, the opening was an interesting play of floral notes---then a sour note reared up and dominated all for the next eon. Icky orange flower?? So I scrubbed it.  
negative I tried to like this one, the bottle is pretty, and I heard it was like Lovely, which I also wanted to like.But they smell overwhelmingly strong to me, like bugspray.  I don't know which component is giving that bitter smell, I feel there are other notes that are nice, but I had to return it to the store.  Glad Sephoragave me my money back.

neutral Narciso Rodriguez for Her EDP, is quite possibly one of the muskiest perfumes I've ever experienced.

This fragrance tends to be warm, subtly sweet, feminine, clean, and of course, musky. For some, Narciso Rodriguez for Her is animalistic and sexy. In my opinion, this fragrance is musky in a clean and old-fashioned sense. Don't get me wrong, this is not a scent just for 'old ladies'. It just doesn't scream 'sex' to me.

Occasionally I am anosmic to musk, so there are some moments when I can't smell Narciso Rodriguez. Every now and then I catch a subtle whiff of this scent which is certainly pleasant, but not to my personal tastes.

This fragrance smells dusty on my skin. It makes me think of a dark, crowded attic that hasn't seen the light in years. This relation is possibly due to my connection of musk to closed-up, suffocating, deserted houses.

This fragrance is not all bad, it's just disappointing due to all the hype. I don't sense many floral notes in the composition unfortunately. It's mostly musky woods to my nose.

Even in the EDP concentration, the sillage and lasting strength are rather average. I can understand Narciso Rodriguez for Her and its appeal, however I believe it is very much an acquired taste, that I don't have.


neutral First impression is good, but then the scent begins to smell like soap.
Nice try, but not good enough.
neutral I must be anosmic to the musks in this because this smells almost precisely like nothing on me. Correction: it smells some Egyptian musk oil that has already been showered off. I get just the faintest aroma out of this, but what I can smell is quite lovely. Seems like it would be one of the nicest choices you could make at the department store these days. I'll never buy this one for obvious reasons - rather an expensive way to smell like nothing, plus I cringe at the thought of obliviously gassing out innocent passers-by with massive doses of this. Drat. Makes me wonder what other lovely things I'm not smelling & don't know about? 
neutral This is for the Musc Oil for her version.I am anosmic to the musc in this which makes me sad. I can only get a faint floral note and vanilla. What I do smell is delicious and I only which I could smell more......:(
neutral I was surprised to discover that I really don't like this. It starts out fruity/floral a la Badgley Mischka and then morphs into Lolita Lempicka minus the anise. Interesting, but not compelling, inspiring or beautiful enough to purchase. 
neutral After reading reviews on Basenotes I was inspired to order an EDP sample from TPC.  I am disappointed that on my skin Narciso Rodriguez smells nothing like other people's experiences of it.  A subdued pleasant enough rose note. No musk that I can detect.   My skin's chemistry just doesn't work with this fragrance I guess...
neutral A light floral, reminded me of a garden full of honeysuckle, with a pleasant musk drydown - but not evocative or particularly interesting to my nose. Tom Ford's White Patchouli is a fuller, richer and smoother take on this kind of sensuality.
positive I have the EDP as a gift back in 2003, I still have it.  It's sophiscated, subtle and youthful unisex scent.  It can easily be mistaken as one of Serge Lutens creations.  A quiet warm woody oriental scent.  It has a nice depth of musc and complimented by all these ingredients all blended so well together, that musk eventually becomes skin scent.  A little pleasantly bitterness to my nose. Mmmmm....  Despite the fact that it's been around for awhile, and has been popular for awhile, like Envy and many other great creations, I should judge it as it is, a thumb up for Narciso Rodriguez for Her!
positive One of the most beautiful scents I've ever experienced. It's deep, feminine and extremely sexy. I have to agree with "hester" that it is a very intimate smell. It's so earthy and dusky, but also so smooth. It is very similar to SJP's Lovely, but it's not as flirty and light... it's much more sensual. One of my friends had a whiff of it and described it as 'mesmerizing' - i totally agree with her. Definitely makes the top 3 of my all-time favourite scents!
positive A nicely crafted fragrance, yet it smells very old. Like very old. It is the choice of many young women (a lot of friends of mine use it), yet I haven't met anyone that this frag suits. It is just too safe and smells very tired to my nose. Like insignificant. Gorgeous bottle though, true work of minimalist art. I wish the juice had matched the container.  
positive I have the EDT - I'm confused about this scent, because I see the EDP advertised with different scent notes - anyone know what's up with that???  Anyway, I LOVE the scent of the EDT and it works just perfectly for me - I love the little touch of honey you get right at the start of it, and the bits of woodiness that gradually seep in as the day progresses.  This is a perfect scent for summer ... or for recalling summer during the winter.  Lovely stuff.
positive So finally I got the Narciso Rordigues for Her, almost two years after it´s release in my country! It took a while to be able to try the EdP, that is why. On my skin the EdT and the oil don´t come out at all, but the EdP do instead! The EdP is a high quallity perfume, really longlasting, and keeping it´s tone all the way! Perhaps this is what I like the very most about this perfume! It is quite silent, but there all the time! I wonder if this is a summerfrag as well, I hope so! Two thumbs up for Narciso Rodrigues for Her EdP.
positive There can be nothing as sexy as this (I prefer the EDT)! A gay friend said it smells lovely, very intimate and 'like womens' underwear' (because he'd know!). I adore how this throws a cashmere-ey veil around me, how you mustn't try to get too close to smell it, how it radiates woman and sex and love.... mmmmmmmm! It could get too sweet on hot days, though, definitely, and its presence is stronger than the wearer suspects (must be the musk). If only it were at all affordable! In South Africa it's very much at the top end, price-wise.UPDATE: I bought it! The big bottle, too! Now I'm (perhaps unwisely) wearing it on an unseasonably hot day. We'll see how that pans out, but I sprayed with abandon last night, and this morning I still smelled like the best thing on earth. The way this stuff merges with your skin! LOVE.
positive An incredibly beautifully floral fragrance.  The balance and refinement is exquisite.   The opening presents a simple and direct use of orange blossom and osmanthus supported by the elegant ambers and vanilla of the heart notes.  The longevity of the top two levels is superb and the movement from top to middle, from middle to base is seamless.  The base completely measures up to the excellence that preceded it: an exquisite woods and musk transparency.   Without a doubt, Narciso Rodriguez is already a classic.
positive This perfume is so special.  The first time I discovered it, a sample body cream, I had to have it.  It has become my signature fragrance.  Yes the EDT and EDP are quite different, but yet the same!  The EDP definitely has a rosey aspect to it and a little more intense.  Love the drydown to that sun baked sand, amber, honey, so comforting.  I love the body cream also.  It's expensive, but worth every penny.  Couldn't be without this one.
positive I've only tried the EDT version, and enjoy it. A creamier, sexier version of SJP's Lovely (though NR came first). A sophisticated musk, it would be appropriate day or evening, in most situations.  I don't find it particularly sexy, but rather classic and and ladylike.
positive This is my current "go-to" fragrance.  I rarely wear anything else.  I own the EDP.  I found it sweeter on my skin, as it has a heavier "honey" note than then EDT.  Dry down is heavenly.... its currently been almost 20 hours since I put it on this morning.  It seems to have become part of my skin, as I can still sense it every time I brush my hair out of my face. 
positive After compulsively buying this wonderful Musc oil, and rationalizing "everything is expensive" now-a-days, and then having a wee guilt attack after...especially realizing I probably wasn't going to eat well this next week at the loss of $150...I must say I'd buy "Her" again in a heartbeat. I have been trolling for new fragrances these last few weeks, and been mostly disappointed in the lion's share of scents I could find locally. I asked myself what I used to like and wear when I was a young girl...would I still like those same things? Ahh, I remember...musks! Back in the 70s and 80s, when musk reigned supreme, natural was "in", and we were all in touch with the earth. The memories were happy and compelling. Then I found NR "Her Musc" and have been bowled over, taken prisoner, and scent-washed beyond redemption. A very quiet, rich, floral musc that merges with your own oils to create a warm exuberance on the skin. No sickeningly sweet anything here. Earthy, sexy, natural (much more sophisticated than those I used to wear!), and simply hedonistic. I couldn't ask for more...I'm still a musc girl in every way. The staying power of "Her" is unending...it's there until you wash it off...always quiet, always softly wafting nearly unconsciously through the brain. I also plan on buying the EDT or EDP at some point...they're beautiful as well...but I'm in no hurry...I've captured the weightier soul of the fragrance in this oil, and can wait for the lighter side until it beckons. I relish this find, and love wearing this nearly perfect fragrance. Notes:Honey Flower, Solar Musk, Orange Blossom, Osmanthus, Amberlyn, Vanilla, Tactile Musk, Tactile Woods, Vetiver.
positive This is a sexy, almost animalistic scent, yet at the same time very feminine, in an old-fashioned, classic perfume manner. The combination of the two - animalistic and feminine/ladylike results in a unique scent with true 'va-voom'!
positive This is a very seductive fragrance, a passing, over-the-shoulder glance in a floor-length gown. The EDT starts very rich, dark but not confusing or overpowering. An atypical musk accord, amber, and sweet woods combine to create a dense fragrance, a dark veil of sensuality. Similar (yet richer) to my nose in philosophy to Prada's feminine amber. 
positive For Her edt is a clean pretty musk on me but also has depth from honeyed notes and woods which I can't pick out. I used to own SJP Lovely as well as For Her but gave that one away because it was too light in comparison. I would describe For Her as a 'comfortably sexy in your own skin' scent.
positive I must say that I was shocked by the beauty of this fragrance.  Not only is this a high quality frag, I smells like a real rose not an interpretation of what rose smells like.  Very classy.
positive I wear the musc oil and love it. Did not care as much for the edt and the edp, which were somehow too heavy. The musc oil is whisper-light, sweet and clean smelling on me. It is pricey but worth it, IMO. It stands above the cheaper Egyptian musks out there. 
positive I was inspired by many of the threads I have read lately and had to try this.  In every other perfume I have, I prefer the EDP or perfume, but with this one I chose for the first time the EDT.  I fell in love at first sniff and I usually do not like musk, but this is so special and sexy.  I highly recommend it, but only if you can wear musk.  This is very mild, but lasted all evening and was still there in the morning.  Just love it!
positive I first smelled Narciso Rodriquez in Paris and I was intoxicated!  It was so chic, so sexy.  Very heady.  I felt like such an urban sophisticate.  I couldn't stop sniffing my wrist.  I imagined lying in bed smelling like this all over.  And then i bought the EDT (black bottle)  As I began using it, however, the drydown is an acrid Egyptian musk.  Just like the oil from the street vendors.  It immediatly makes my sinuses explode and I get a headache.  The fragrance is hard to remove.  But I love the way it smells...  I sampled the EDP (pink bottle) and the acrid smell is not there.  There is less musk and more flowers.  No headache.  For those of you who love the perfume but hate the headache, try the EDP.  Stay away from the EDT.
positive Narciso Rodriguez (EDP in the pink bottle) is one of the new "pink chypres," which is formulated without the "classic chypre" combination of bergamot + real oakmoss/treemoss + patchouli + labdanum and other, various assorted green, fruit, floral, and wood notes.  This new genre is not as wild and untrammeled, nor as pungent and unpredictable as the classic chypres could sometimes be.  However it succeeds in creating the delectible sweet/sour, salty/bitter, wet/dry contrasts that make a chypre so great . Narciso Rodriguez EDP is concocted of creative synthetic notes, but I smell rose, peach, vetiver, and musk.  As a man-made scent, it retains its characteristics and stays true from start to finish.  I am a fanatic for chypres and own and wear many, both new and old, well-known and niche.  (See my wardrobe.)  My teenage daughter thinks most of them smell too "old" for her, but she fell in love with a little pink tester of Narciso Rodrigurez (not the black bottle, which is a honey/orange blossom/musk and lacks the rose/peach note.)  I think this is a fine introduction to chypres for the young generation.  Good job.
positive Love this one, it reminds me of Lovely by Sarah Jessica Parker. The EDP is more fruitier then the EDT, love the EDP version more because the fresher notes seem to stay longer. It may occur strange but I often use this one in combination with Cristalle... everyone wants to know what I'm wearing because it's gorgeous!! 
positive I love this fragrance. It is so gorgeous and intriguing. The notes of honey and solar musk are to die for. 

negative Since no one has given a list of notes for this, I will do so, per Sephora:  Honey Flower, Solar Musk, Orange Blossom, Osmanthus, Amberlyn, Vanilla, Tactile Musk, Tactile Woods, Vetiver.     Regrettably, I am in the minority who feels sickened by the smell of this perfume.   So I can’t recommend it.   
negative Not my cup of tea. It smells like grape hyacinths (Muscari) + a big brioche (yeast!). It is not sexy at all, it's "yeasty". 
negative Don't like this one at all, it literally makes me sick to my stomach
negative I agree with with several of the oppinions posted above -  when I have this on, the smell of it on my skin makes me ill. I love florals, so I can't imagine it is the jasmine...there's something about the notes in the dry down that really don't agree with me. Just muskiness, but not in a good way. That said, I've smelled it on others and it was lovely. 
negative I was very disappointed in this.  It contains many of my favorite notes, but as soon as I put it on - I regretted it.  I tried to be a sport and give it a chance, but I ended up running to the sink to wash it off.  It made me sick almost immediately.  Not to mention it turned kind of "old lady perfume" on me.  I'm really sad that this didn't work on me.

neutral I got a sample of NR edt recently and I have to say it doesn’t really live up to my expectations, its price or the extraordinary beautiful bottle. I expected something muskier, more potent and interesting. But in reality, this is a very delicate fragrance that reminds me of floral deodorants, except that NR edt lasts longer. The opening notes are mildly smoky, and there’s some greenness to it, possibly vetiver. This fragrance makes me think of spring and breezy, sunny days. It isn’t something I’d call sensual or sexy, like some other reviewers have, but I find it quite pretty and inoffensive. We all have our definition of sensuality, so if yours is like mine, on the dark side (Youth Dew, Knowing, Japanese Musk, Lush Ginger) you probably won’t be that impressed by NR edt. Orange blossom is the star in this scent, and except for the longevity NR isn’t much different from considerably cheaper Orange Blossom by Yves Rocher. I can’t detect other more prominent notes in this. There’s some warmth in the drydown, but not enough for me to find this full-bottle worthy. For people who don’t like strong fragrances, try this one- it’s a soft and fresh floral. NR is of the prettier of its kind, but simply not for me.
neutral I absolutley love this perfume. I have tried the EDT and the EDP and the EDP is slightly sweeter, more floral rather than musky and less fresh and breezy, but I think this adds a bit of depth and energy to it. The staying power of the EDT was really really dissapointing on me- only about an hour (and thats being generous), even if i used the shower gel and body lotion, so really not worth the money, as it is quite expensive compared to other perfumes in department stores. I have not yet tried the EDP for longetivity yet though. I hope it is better. 
neutral I like this perfume lots, but not one of my all time faves and here is why. Its smells quite generic, very similar to lots of others e.g SJP as Heidi also commented. It is ideal in my opinion for the office, not special enough for a date. OK for shopping, but not for the theatre.(get my drift?) Having said that, I will probably buy it again when this bottle runs out. It is a nice combination of mossy, musky, floral and fruits. Whew!! I am definitely going to try Heidi's idea of combining it with Crystalle though.
neutral I've tried both the EDT and the EDP and I have to admit that the EDT smells a whole lot nicer than the latter. Although the it is gorgeous and incredibly inviting especially with its musky end notes (something that I absolutely adore in my perfumes), its staying power on my skin is so disappointing that I just couldnt make myself buy it, despite of its lovely smell.
positive Sharp opening.  Tea note isn't bad.  More like a strong tea, with sugar, no cream.  The top is nothing really special for me.  The heart is better, with a deep floral vibe.  Orchid, is lovely and noticeable.  Jasmine?  Nice.  Freesia?  Barely here.  The rose isn't strong, overdone.  Patchouli is sweet.  Overall a lovely "designer" frag but, not one I would buy full-bottled.
positive Floral sweetness incarnation. Good sillage, projection and longevity, but it gets fastly uninteresting. 
positive This is a lovely scent. Delicate, but full of presence. Earthy florals with a decent amount of sweetness. This has a lot of popular elements. I think, in the future, when people want to reflect on the scents of this time period, this will be closely tied to that scent memory (like how aldehydes tie to the 40s/50s). 

This has a moderate sillage for the first 2 hours and then it becomes a skin scent. Lasting power is about 7 hours on dry skin in warm weather. 

Beautiful and self-empowering sort of scent. Lends itself to romantic atmosphere, but not entirely inappropriate for work. Day or night. Thoroughly enjoy!
positive Salutation.

Yes FLOWER BOMB!A Needful example for any professional Collection.Definitely pure Tempting in a Bottle!Elaborate like all creates By Carlos Benaim& Olivier Polge.Classy,Romantic, Appealing,Expensive,Feminine,Gorgeous,Hot and Elegant.

The scent is definitely more Floral.In fact Sophisticated scent of Floral.The refreshing top of Bergamot.It is Sweet but not too sweet.Great notes that makes it High Class and Feminine as it command attention.

The bottle is as Bold as The scent.it is fantastic for ROMANTIC mood like a Bomb!A Beautiful perfume for a Beautiful Lady.Heavy for daily Use but Great for EVENING.Surely for WINTER.If you like a Expensive Smell for your wife this one just for you.

Sillage?Great.

Longevity?You can spray it in the Evening and it will stay with you until the Morning.

Thank You V&R

7.75/10 
positive Head-clearing top notes energize me.It wears down smooth and sexy.Don't know the vernacular yet, but I have the nose of a Bloodhound.I am EXTREMELY picky, there are only a handful of Fragrances I can wear without running to the shower and changing my clothes.I love it,from start to finish.
positive Flowerbomb to me is a sweet candy like smell which i love in a perfume, the bottle is also very nice. Unfortunately for me the perfume seems to dissapear after only a couple of hours. If you like Flowerbomb you could also tryD AND G POUR FEMME as this has a similiar smell to me,,,,,, In fact this is the one i choose first now before my Flowerbomb. 
positive Very, very sweet. I don't get the floral notes very much though. It smells more to me like a sweet shop (which is still very very very good).

When you spray this on your body, it is almost exactly like a bomb of sweets has gone off. The top note for me (which is quite surprising) is Candy Floss.

This is, however, a summer fragrance (even though it is not branded as such). In the winter this would smell almost... wrong.

I like this, and were it not for the existence of Loverdose by Diesel, I would have purchased a bottle by now.
positive Very sweet floral. The strangest thing is, in my mind the first notes I detect are of sugar-coated fennel seeds..the kind that are served as an after-dinner treat at Indian restaurants. Just don't understand how it could have descended from Angel..I hated that one..but quite like Flowerbomb.   
positive     I cant stop talking about this scent. When I wear it men turn around to find out what it is - I only wear three scents - this one, Christopher Dicas and Fracas- all of them get great attention but this one FLOWERBOMB EX - well this is another animal! I search for it because the department stores only sell it during Christmas...
positive A Juicy bomb. A very intoxicating scent. I love to smell this on a woman with one spray cause it projects well. Bergamot ,patchouli blended in this beautiful scent. Damn
positive I first smelt this when it was released in 2004, loved it but never thought I'd own it because of the price. Over the next six or seven years I would smell it every time I went into a department store that sold it, dreaming. And then last year my brother bought me it (I'm sure you can imagine my happiness). I love the sweet sharpness of it - though it seems to have got sharper and less sweet as time as passed (though it may just be that my tastes have changed)
positive I smelled this on another woman and loved it.  On myself, it is less impressive, but I don't know why.  It's a well-balanced floral with sweetness, and creaminess, with no particular note standing out.  And it must have patchouli, or I wouldn't give something in this genre a second thought.   It's beautiful, but it's not outstanding enough for me to be sure that I would stay interested enough throughout the duration of a full bottle.

negative Conjures up the essence of MLM boss babes or eau de Karen under sustained olfactory encounters.  The hint of diaper wipes and spoiled formula underneath it all is ruinous.  However, any negative affect might be overcome for wearers who possess enough self-discipline to keep the volume down.  Drive by whiffs on someone else could be pleasant making it greatly depend on how much throttle an individual wearer gives it, and if there are a herd of the Flowerbombed concentrated in one spot.  Dose makes the poison here. 
negative I got a sample of this because perfume critic Chandler Burr likes the stuff, and I agree with a lot of his assessments. This time, though, he's way off base. Flowerbomb is just a total snooze, hard to tell  from a hundred others....and it's a snooze in the heavyhanded '80s mode I like least. Ugh. 
negative Cliche in a bottle. The female equivalent to Cool Water for over-use, over-application, and apparent wearer myopia with regards to how 'great' they smell.

Embarrassing.
negative When I first heard of the name Flowerbomb I knew to give this one a miss. Full-on florals, which the name implies, are the one category I just don't do. A while later I smelled a dry/woody only slightly sweet fragrance on a colleague. It was fairly low-key and rather pleasant. She told me it was Flowerbomb. After that I tested it myself and found it wouldn't work for me. But on other people, especially on that girl, I found it rather pleasant. I can only conclude now that I must have come across a statistical cluster of people with a very light trigger finger.
Come to think of it, that girl must have had an unusual body chemistry. On her the old  Dior Addict seemed to have a woody/cinnamon quality which is usually doesn't have.

We have since moved to a different area, one where every other female seems to use Flowerbomb. And they're not shy in the application of it. I'm in a public facing line of work, and at least once every day I get almost knocked down by a veritable force field of this stuff. 
So while I started out as on the fence about Flowerbomb, it is now what garlic is meant to be to vampires.

Often one can appreciate a fragrance just for the idea and artistic effort, even if they don't work for everyone. In this case the end result smells exceptionally shallow and cheap. Nothing seems to even aspire to reflect the listed notes. It only consists of generic artificial sweetness and equally fake shallow patchouli. 

Normally I'm content to avoid trivial fragrances and don't bother reviewing them. But with the obnoxious omnipresence of this stuff  I just have to.

negative This is memorable for me as one of the worst fragrances ever.  A salesperson sprayed my arm & I immediately felt as if I'd been flea bombed.  Horrible!  I hurried to a restroom to wash it off but still had a headache within a couple of minutes.  An hour from home, I smelled it all the way back & even a shower didn't fully remove this mess.  Hence my 5 stars for longevity.  There is nothing in the list of components which I haven't previously worn and enjoyed, so maybe  there's an odd synthetic in the mix?  
negative Oh Yuck!  It's initial scent is of the foul-smelling formic acid used in cheap colognes;  This gives way rapidly (thank goodness) to an unpleasant bouquet of "Raid" insect spray and the artificial, sickeningly sweet odor of S'More-flavored white chocolate, as found in some mass-market candy bars.  It's a strident scent that lasts quite a while.
negative Ah, Flowerbomb.  I want to like it just because I love the name, but I simply can't.  It's that pink pepper/patchouli/amber smell that every single smellalike woman's designer perfume smells like like now, mixed with marshmallows.  There are some bubblegum fruits in there, some sort of dark green spice that I think is supposed to balance the treacle but just smells "off," and possibly some kind of flowers, but any floral notes in here (despite the name) are unimportant sweeteners buried in a thick, sticky sea of marshmallow fluff and common-smelling pink pepper goop.

This smells common in the most literal way:  If you go to a bar full of girls wearing perfume, they'll all smell like this.  It's not that they're all wearing Flowerbomb, it's that Flowerbomb, as well as the dozens of other perfumes you'll smell, all have the the same basenotes and throwaway topnotes, so every girl at a bar, or on a bus, or in an office smells like this same pink pepper/patchouli/amber/marshmallow smell.  Obviously the ladies of the world love this smell, but as a perfume aficionado, I just can't get get excited about yet another one of these.
negative Dear Flowerbomb,

I have tried, truly tried, but I do not understand you.

In spite of your listed notes, you are no floral. You are Boston fruit slices in a bottle, assorted penny candies liquified, a poor rose swimming in simple syrup.

Descended you are from Angel, Lolita Lempicka, Euphoria, Coco Mademoiselle and Juicy Couture JC, yet they manage to be interesting while you twirl your hair and drool. How is it you are so astonishingly popular? I am shocked by it. I wonder if today's girls simply find no discernible difference between flies and men. 

Poor Flowerbomb, a classic of perfumery you are not. You are to Coco Mademoiselle as Giorgio was to Poison. As your simple charms lose their appeal, your formula will cheapened, reduced to a 40 dollar EDT in Wallgreens for our daughters to buy discounted for their "naughties" theme parties, where the teenage girls of 2030 will dress like hipsters, dance to "Sexyback" and say "I can't believe Mom used to wear this!"


neutral Underwhelming, nondescript flowers and vanilla that somehow manage to be both extraordinarily heavy and extremely light. I received 3mls of this as a free deluxe sample at Sephora and planned to give it away. However, it worked okay when combined with a simple, fresh green scent (I chose Verde by Nest). I might try mixing it with a strong, dry wood next (maybe Cypress Cedar from Banana Republic's Icon Collection).

Overall, I can't give it a full thumbs down just because it's boring to me. I can easily understand its mass market appeal. I see this shining on the right person in the right setting (I imagine a high school girl who never wears makeup or perfume dressing up for her first prom), and I'm a full believer of 'to each his (or her) own.'
neutral I am on the fence with this scent. I certainly don't hate it, but I agree with the assessment that it is all generic flowery sweetness on me and lacks depth and complexity. It reminds me a bit of the scent of children's pretend cosmetics --that sickly sweet, flowery, rosy, baby doll-ish scent that I remember. I find it can also be quite strong and headache inducing for me. I will keep trying to wear my small sample bottle from Sephora (I do love the packaging), but I wouldn't repurchase.
neutral This smelled great when I first sprayed it on, but once it dried down all the florals disappeared and it just smelled like woodsy soap.  It lasted a really long time though.  
neutral A bit over-the-top... people love don't mind the fragrance.  I'm not sure how I feel about it.  Very floral for when you want to get noticed.  The floral/rose scent is okay... but... maybe it is the patchouli... there is something in there that I don't really LOVE.  I wear it, but won't buy it again.
neutral Flowerbomb opens with an overwhelming blast of sugar and juicy-fruity notes with a subtle and quite weird sort of tomato-pimiento aftertaste (I thought of red pepper, but I don’t see it listed, so perhaps it may be due to the tea note whatever they built it with). Gallons of galaxolide provide a shampoo feel, adding power to an already quite nuclear and sickening concoction. Still, I also get some herbal-green nuances which I quite enjoy, that manage to add something fresh and crisp to this candy in a bottle. Honestly though, I get quite the “bomb” but not the “floral”, as Flowerbomb is basically more a sort of sugary-green gourmand with a warm heart supported by patchouli, and dusted with a powdery shade – these must be the flowers, but they’re so light and generic they could be anything. Just a whiff of soapy feel. Boring yet everlasting drydown. Intergalactically far from being a masterpiece, and still much far from being actually just barely good; but I won’t consider it a complete disaster, I guess fruity gourmand lovers may like this – in the end, it’s the same stuff many niche brands do at twice the price. Just – please! – apply it sparingly.

(did it really take all those people to make this?)

5,5/10
neutral If you love the smell of the marshmallows you grow in your flower garden then this is the one for you. Not bad for the semi-gourmand floral category but there are many that pull it off better.
neutral I agree with flaming_june0101, I used to love this bomb - I felt like The Bomb wearing it! Eventually my bottle was empty and while I saved up money for a new one I discovered it on others and yes, they smelled cheap! Maybe because I recognised it and remembered how I used to be (very young) and therefor didn't like it, I don't know... It's a great fragrance for young people, but as a grown-up I don't feel comfortable wearing it.  
neutral I used to love this fragrance. I wore it every day for a couple if months. But then I smelled it on an acquaintance and it smelled so cheap and cloying. That ruined it for me. I feel like it smells great on me, but smelling it on another person opened my eyes to another facet that I didn't like. This one will go on the shelf for a little bit.
neutral Not exactly a bomb of flowers this Flowerbomb. Sure there's a bouquet full of variety, but what stood out more to me was the waffle-like sweetness, growing more intense in the heart notes. The dry down is still sweet but in a different way, and less aggrressive overall. 

Flowerbomb was made to be popular, and the mission was accomplished quite well.
neutral Initially rough because of the first whiff of earthy tea and citrus this one turns out as an oversweety cocktail of flowers, patchouli, amber and in my perception sandalwood and musk, too monolithic, sugary, powdery and boring for my taste. The outcome is a rose-jasmine-patchouli scent with a musky cloudy-dusty temperament almost gourmand for its sweetness that reminds a bit the dusty effect of eliotrope. The smell is not enough changing and multifaceted for my taste. The combination of citrus-patchouli and flowers with the addition of some aromatic-boise' notes reminds effectively the aromatic-floral smell of Coco Medemoiselle which is anyway a far better and more complex fragrance, surely more luxurious with its reinterpretation of vintage-retro' that takes on a paradoxically more futuristic smell with an angular-fresh starry patchouli that reminds Angel in some stages of its development. Flowerbomb  owns a faint longevity and a discreet projection under my nose.
positive love this so much, its ever lasting and so wow, every time i wear this someone comments all the time in a good way too! nice big bottle too, cant go wrong with this
positive I was initially ambivilent about this frag, and rather rolled my eyes at the sugary fluffy opening notes (bergamot and tea, I think not) which in my opinion since Angel have been overdone, and are a tad childish. However, FB dries down to a lovely rosy patchouli that I am quite keen on, and because of this, find myself testing and re-testing it. It eases into something warm and comforting, yet sophisticated. The sillage is good but not offensive, and I think it can be worn day or night.
positive Not your usual sickly sweet perfume!I am usually attracted to fresh green scents and have found that most sweet scents just sit on my skin and smell gooey sweet or very strong.  When a clerk at a store sprayed Flowerbomb for someone else while I was walking away from the perfume, it smelled so wonderful that I turned around & walked back to find out what it was.  When she handed me the bottle I was so disappointed because it was so sweet--and explained that while I liked it, it would NEVER work on me.  Still, she slipped a sample in my bag.  I wish I knew what her name was so that I could thank her!  I tried it a few weeks later and it didn't get sappy & sickly sweet like many other sweet fragrances do on me--just a nice soft scent. I disagree that it smells like cotton candy or that it is sugary sweet--but keep in mind that I usually can't wear any sweet scents, so it clearly is mixing differently with my chemistry than it does with the usual person.I just love this scent--which surprises me--it is the freshest "sweet" smell I have found!If you would like to try a sweet scent but have difficulty with excessive sweetness, give this one a try--it might just work for you!
positive I'm a convert. I initially wrote this off as the lovechild of Angel and Pink Sugar. I love Angel and I really like Pink Sugar, so I was more disappointed with Flowerbomb's lack of originality than the fragrance itself. But something prompted me to try it again, and now it's on my Wish List.  It starts off sweet but fresh, like cotton-candy and lemonade, and this is where I compare it to Pink Sugar. The citrus is bright and slightly tart, but soft...like creamy lemon curd, and I can already smell the jasmine coming through. I definitely get flowers, most noticeably the jasmine, but there are others shyly making an appearance every now and then - a bit of rose and something subtly spicy that could be freesia. It seems ambery and I agree with Aries81, it's very reminiscent of Alien due to the jasmine....so much so that I'm surprised it's not mentioned more frequently (but I don't, thankfully, get anything remotely resembling Tresor - I can't tolerate its musty/dusty peaches and roses accord.)  I don't get a lot of burnt-sugar sweetness in Flowerbomb - no caramel, but something sweetly creamy/buttery/ambery and resinous. I've seen other sources list a sandalwood note, and I would agree with that. The patchouli is the clean kind - powdery and fresh. (Btw - I don't like Coco Mademoiselle. I certainly get the comparison but to my nose their similarities are very superficial and mostly about the patchouli. I don't get a nice jasmine from Coco Mad if any at all. Flowerbomb is all about the jasmine. And after getting to know it a bit better, I can't seem to find what I initially perceived as a similarity to Angel - that's just gone. It, too, was probably very superficially about the patchouli.)This isn't an explosive or loud fragrance at all, so as others have noted, the name isn't particularly appropriate, even in its kitschy cutesy-ness....although the fragrance is a bit more casual and fun than formal or elegant, so I suppose the presentation isn't too bad. But presentation aside, the fragrance is the real story and I think it's wonderful - womanly and luxurious, sultry and sexy, smooth and luscious. I just love every element of it - from start to finish. And it finishes beautifully, and lingers for quite a while.  I'm very pleased to see that V&R have several bath and body products in the line - I can only imagine how heavenly the Voluptuous Body Cream is. 
positive I really like it. It's a heck of a lot like another "expensive" perfume of its ilk, Curve Vintage Soul. And even in that Flowerbomb is like Coco Mademoiselle. The citrusy patchouli drydown really gives that away.  Even then it's the jasmine "florals". And another commonality is Flowerbomb shares the patchouli, musk and vanilla (what doesn't?) with Coco Mademoiselle. Flowerbomb is much more floral and sweet patchouli and is not as vibrant as Coco Mademoiselle nor as open and "clean as Vintage Soul. Now contrary to the "flower" name, Flowerbomb dries into a patchouli musk with touches of vanilla. Oh yeah, and there's rose but it's overpowered by everything else going on. The EdP is fantastic but the EdT is so mild that it just kills the essence.
positive When I went to Dillards to give my friend her sample Of Above by Fred Miller (www.FredHMiller.com) the vendor gave me a sample of this. This is one of the best perfumes I have smelled in a long time! I was told that this is V&R first women's perfume, & they nailed it! A Very Pretty Floral Fragrance!
positive wow!!! i died and went to the big candy store in the skysooooo sweet and sugarythe most gourmand vanilla sugar fragrance ever, right next to angel
positive WOW! That was my first reaction to this beauty. Instant love at first sniff! Very sweet, but somehow Flowerbomb pulls off the sweetness without being cloying. The delicate floral notes wrap around the sweetness to produce a smooth creaminess that is pure decadence. Intoxicating! Reactions from female friends are somewhat "meh", but my male friends practically started drooling on me!I cannot detect the bergamot note at all. In fact, I am skeptical that it's really there at all! Bergamot seems to astringent to mix with the other notes here. A light tea moving rapidly to light jasmine is what I get. The middle notes last the longest on me; I only get the faintest notes of rose. Truthfully, there doesn't seem to be any drydown; like Ultraviolet (another winner for me) Flowerbomb has a very quick opening followed by hours of an unchanging middle. I also do not detect any patchouli, in fact was surprised to see it listed as a note. I suspect a light hand was used with the patchouli, and it is probably that note that keeps the sweetness in check. Not super long lasting on me, but with my chemistry that is typical (only about 4-5 hours at best).All thumbs up for me!
positive I only recently discovered Flowerbomb and tested it several times before deciding its charms were collection-worthy. There's more sugar than flowers, but the rose definitely comes through in a soft, powdery, sweet sort of way. Amber isn't listed in the notes but it's definitely there (to my nose) and warms everything up nicely. The tea comes through as well, as does the freesia. I believe the jasmine note is of the sambac variety, which I instinctively gravitate toward, and which smells more liquid, powdery and light than any other species of the plant (for reference, see Alien). The patchouli is a very clean version of itself - hardly there, in fact. Nothing like the patchouli hangover of Angel (which I adore but which would ruin this lovely feminine). I detect a slight hint of chocolate, as well. I used to own and adore Bath & Body Works' Sensual Amber, which is very similar to Flowerbomb, but with fruity notes replacing FB's chocolate.The lasting-power is good, as it is with most powdery, rose scents. In structure, I would certainly compare it to Alien, and  it has that same, sweet-rosy-powdery vibe that Tresor offers, only much softer and "pinker," and with a tea accord keeping it just slightly brighter. I think over-applying this scent will keep it from developing. It stays close to the skin however, so over-applying won't leave a strong trail of sillage in your wake. My guy smells caramel and I did too, on the test strip, but on my skin, it's a different story. Sometimes, when the weather's colder, I get more of a grape-juice-and-tea smell at first, which fades down to a very sweet jasmine. Other days, when my body temperature rises, I get more rose, more chocolate, and more of the powdery amber which is my favorite part. On the test strip, as my guy correctly noted, it smells of the trick-or-treat candy bags of our youth. He was sweet enough to get me a refillable bottle of this juice for Valentine's Day and I could not love the bottle more! The black V&R tab of the original has been replaced with a pink, metallic tab which matches the cap. It's overall, a thicker, rounder bottle and extremely original (though the juice may not be). Definitely recommended for anyone who likes Tresor, Alien, Lipstick Rose, or other sweet scents.
positive The first time I smelled this it must have turned under the lights and on top of the hot glass case at the department store. I purchased two bottles to sell overseas to  French West African clientele when I rediscovered this perfume. Wow is all I can say. It is somewhat reminiscent of Coco Mademoiselle BUT in my opinion more modern and wearable than C.M. (which my mother wears and seems way too dry and dead after a bit). Men love it and everyone asks about it-after all we wear perfume to attract the opposite sex, and it seems to me that the compliments I get from them are a positive. I only wear one other sweet floral and that is Carolina Herrera but this is a departure. I disagree with the negative comments on this one. It is extremely sexy and I wear it for every occasion. This is not a young woman's perfume. I just read more reviews about this and I think it is really very silly for people to compare some other scents as though they are exactly the same, Coco Mademoiselle is not even close and Angel is very chocolate-y and not even similar.
positive fairly young floral. for ages 35 and under i would think. very sweet jasmine, and patchouli without ever being to cloying. at least they did not over think this one as the men's version "antidote" has 25 different notes!!! i like them both though.
positive Interesting name, appealing bottle and good marketing made me try this scent in the mall... I sniffed the bottle first then gave up trying it on my skin as I thought it was another sweet sugary smell out there.Found it ordinary... But two weeks ago, a lady who I met in a conference was wearing a perfume which was amazing, she said it was Flowerbomb. Couple of days later another lady in the office was wearing a very good perfume and she said it was Flowerbomb, again. So I tried it again on my skin and changed my mind about it. Because it develops on your skin in a very good way. I cannot detect bergamot, tea and flower notes much, except jasmine, it blends with patchouli very well and becomes milky. This is definitely not an Angellike overly sweet perfume, not offending, and quite good choice for night and special occasions... Oh by the way, drydown reminds me of Gloria of Cacharel (although the notes are not similar)
positive I fell in love with this when it came out. I only where it during warm weather.  My dr. who has never commented on anything "personal" asked what smelled so good when he came into the examining room.  Now I have gone there for 15 years on a regular basis.  I find it to be sexy and I feel confident when I am wearing it. 
positive I love it, like I love Allure and cafe (an older fragrance). I like sweet fragrances and this one is perfect and last for many hours. I almost gave up buying it because the grenade bottle that remember me war, I hate it! But it smells so good I couldn't resist!It's pricey here in Brazil, but it's irresistible, my husband loved it!
positive Every afternoon in a local gym a ripped, rich, middle-aged estate agent with loads of attitude struts her stuff in a cloud of Flower Bomb, in the firm belief that she's da bomb. This cloud to me reeks of grainy, unclean patchouli on wilted flowers. Not at all objectionable, but perhaps a bit too much in a semi-crowded gym where ventilation can be an issue from time to time. All this doesn't mean to say that I won't be testing it on myself soon, make NO mistake...
positive The only thing missing from this fragrance is the orchestra. I am both repulsed and fixated by this near to parfum. At once, I resent the powdery languide of the middle note's predictable miss on seduction. But let it wait, like an overdressed girl on a park bench. Let it wait, the tension alone will elicit immediate attention, as the base notes politely demand. Sugar, spice and everything you'd better keep your eye on. This scent reminds me of Belgium beer and very tan boys. There is a definate bang to the end, which you are bound to find satisfying. Enjoy! 
positive This one is spicier than I thought --from the sweet n fruity reviews I figured it would be like candy sweet but the tea note and patchouli make it a really sexy scent and only sweet until it warms up and blossoms on the skin. It reminds me of other scents though, still if I was given a bottle I'd certainly wear it. 
positive I love it.... words can't explain.
positive disappointing!It's too fruity and sweet on me, just like "candy floss" as lots people described. I get the tea note which I like, but it was blocked by that cloying-and-never-cease sweetness...  I just wonder where the flower is. If I want some candy, I'd rather go for a bottle of  hilton's heiress, at least it's much cheaper!Maybe all these are due to body chemistry. but since quite a lot people felt same as me, I think is wise to have a test befor purchase.

negative Smell this blindfolded and 100% that you won't be able to distinguish it from other millions of generic sweet floral perfumes of the last decade or so. Awful!
negative Uninspiring and unoriginal.  Smells like sugar water was poored onto unfortunante girls.  I don't understand the main stream appeal either.  If you want to smell unique, try Tom Ford or Bond No.9  Do us all a favor ladies, throw this stuff out and grow up. Smells almost like Pink Sugar. 
negative What a damn shame this one is. Both my mother and sister own this fragrance and its hello and goodbye at lightspeed. The notes are very boring and non chalant. I can't see why anyone would drop the bucks for this one. It's a nice bottle with a popular name. Thats it.
negative Sweet vanilla flowers in a cigarette ashtray. Even sans the unappealing smoke odor, it'd still be too sweet.

neutral I was impressed with this perfume. I thought the bottle was very creative and unique and the scent equally as creative. 

Although this fragrance doesn't really appeal to my tastes in perfume, I can appreciate Flowerbomb for what it is. 

Flowerbomb is a strong floral with beautiful hints of vanilla. The scent is sweet and powdery without being too overpowering and is warm and soft on the skin. 

This fragrance is along the lines of Angel by Thierry Mugler in the way it has been uniquely composed and in popularity. Like Angel, this fragrance either grabs you or disinterests you. 

I might have considered purchasing this perfume if it wasn't so expensive, however I understand that Viktor & Rolf are an exclusive brand and wish to be noted in same league as Chanel and Guerlain.


neutral On first whiff, I too get a little girls sugar n spice and all things nice vibe. 
Interestingly this fragrance brings back memories of my first experiences with buying and trying fragrances for myself as a new teenager. Victor & Rolf's FB is the expensive version of a range of Impulse body sprays aimed at teenage girls. I would give anything to remember the exact name of the Impulse body spray. However, I wouldnt be surprised if the exact same one I remember from ten years ago has been repackaged as something else. Who knows, it could be FB aimed at those grown up teenagers who fell in love with the Unilever sugar water scent.

EDIT :  I went back to the pink, fluffy, sugar water scent and I was converted. Its almost as though its catnip for tweens. This stuff has an oddly addictive snuggly side (a little bit like Lush's rockstar - which I was also initially sceptical of at first whiff). Pleasantly surprised or perhaps seduced by the addictive girly catnip fragrance.
neutral When I first smelled Flowerbomb it was a little off putting.. This & Opium are my cousins signature scents! While Flowerbomb does not smell bad, it leaves a heavy floral note to my nose. I only tested this frag on my skin once, but smell it everytime im around my cousin. It has worn on me & it smells good on her, altho its not something I would buy & wear, but I have learned to appreciate this frag for its development over time. I can see a man pulling this off. Its a neutral rating for me. Nothing more or less!
neutral Okey! Is a good fragrance, sweet, oriental and intense. Something different from what we smell in many other fragrances out there today. But, This Really Worth The Price? I don't think so.. especially when Flowerboom's weak point is the fixation.. cuz I allways believe that a good fragance is a combination of perfect smell and a reasonable fixation..Many people compare Flowerboom and Can can by Paris hilton.. and after testing this two fragrance, I think Can can is the same but more cheap.. 
neutral Testers of Flowerbomb were dropped off for all the female sales associates in the clothing store where I used to work when the fragrance first came out, and for a week my nostrils were bombarded with all sorts of interpretations of it. On some girls, it was so disgustingly, synthetically sweet I wanted to vomit; on others, the sweetness stayed but it wasn't so overpowering, and was just an unmistakably sugary, though wellcrafted, scent. On none of them did I detect the patchouli, which I had hoped for.A few weeks after that, I used my own tester, and it came out very strong at first and disappeared rather quickly, but there was a brief interlude where the scent made me want to bounce up and down with a big grin from ear to ear -- like an elated pop princess. All in all, for a sugar addict like myself, it's worth a cautious try.
neutral Floral, powerful, and unique scent.  It is a Floral - Orange Tuberose type of perfume. The perfume starts with a floral scent, which later becomes sweet and floral, as middle notes start to come out. The ending has a sweeter and a little musky scent.      The floral notes in the middle are the dominant scent, which can be a little overwhelming.The perfume has a new and unique scent, but it does not motivate me enough to buy it.  
neutral According to the Dana Thomas book 'Deluxe: How Luxury Lost Its Luster', "perfume companies buy juices they think are marketable and keep them in reserve until they find the right brand for them." One of such companies was Loreal, and apparently they bought this juice from IFF, sat on it for three whole years until Victor&Rolf knocked on their door for a new scent - and now that juice is called 'Flowerbomb'. So that is the mystery behind this very 'elusive' designer scent. It is not a story that grand. Truth be told, 'Flowerbomb' is not really a Victor&Rolf creation. It is just a juice that some businessmen thought was marketable.  After that 'fact check', I must say I think almost everyone posted an accurate review that summarized what Flowerbomb is. Personally, when I think of the name 'Flowerbomb', I think of some fragrance like YSL Paris. Not necessarily the candied flowers of this one. 'Flowerbomb' is not awful, but to me, also not quite exceptional. I feel like they tried hard to create a somewhat lighter dose flower induced version of Angel and they truly succeeded. The scent's charm heavily relies on the wearer's personal skin chemistry. Honestly, it is perhaps one of the most un-apologetically sweet juices out there.  
positive Flowerbomb is great.  I really like it when my lady wears it. I love it from to to base...
positive It is absolutely amazing that their are so many people that are smelling burnt sugar and carmel and stuff....sticky sweet, sugary etc.  WOW!  I don't get that.  I do like RoseAmber's review, that describes it with light citrus-florals and powdery vanilla, etc.  THAT, I get.  It IS beautiful.  It's fresh and brilliant.  I have such a sensitive nose and am not the biggest perfume WEARER, more of a hobbyist...but for me this is very wearable and soooo agreeable with my chemistry.  So far, all have really liked it on me...even those who are not afraid to wince with disgust for other perfumes.  Flowerbomb, who cares what it's called or how the bottle is shaped???  Maybe the reviews are so poor because of the people expecting a certain kind of fragrance and this not being that.  People should just try it...I almost didn't because of the others it was likened to, so I crossed it off of my list to try.  Go figure, I accidentally tried it and love it!!!
positive This fragrance is amazing! It lasts forever, sometimes when I'm doing my laundry I can smell it on my clothes weeks after I've worn them. I always get tons of compliments when I wear it and whenever I smell it on someone else I think it smells amazing.
positive flowerbomb..not impressive but sensualsweet and warm  should be worn in the daytime or weekends. 
positive I'm not usually a fan of floral, but Flowerbomb is absolutely amazing, i'm obsessed
positive I melt everytime i smell this...as a guy,everytime i get a chance to go to a dept. store to see scents...this would be the first or second scent i would ask for a sample just to smell...amazing theme and concept on the name and bottle construction...it is a floral explosion...i forced one of my friends to put it on...and for the rest of the day...shopping around the mall...i could still smell it...perfect...
positive I recently sampled this at Nordstrom's on a female customer's wrist.  It's very similar (but a bit less "foody") than Angel.  The two are very similar, but I think FB is more feminine, and has greater mass appeal, than Angel.  Viktor and Rolf claim 16+ hours longevity, and sillage is excellent.  Of the two, FB is superior to Angel IMO, and is more suited to the more discreet and discriminating 30+ woman.  If you are into gourmand (edible) fragrances you can't go wrong with this one.  It is expensive, but also exclusive.  If you like the candy style but want to stand out from the crowd, this is the one to buy.
positive I love this scent. I particurally like the patchouli element in the dry down. It's floral, but in an unusual way but not at all prissy. I don't know what it is, but on me there is a very sweet element to it. Not the scent of a definate food, but a lovely sweetness.
positive Flowerbomb (quite appropriate name) is wonderrrfull! haha only way to put this one. My friend and I tried this one out for his younger sister--keep in mind she is young and I agree with La Senora that this can be very..youthful;). Regaurdless it just evoked this happiness in both of us, this sort of unvoluntary smile. It was very similar, in this effect and in scent as well, to a Creed frag we tried once some time back. Unfortunately we CANT remember the name and it kills me. I liked the drydown as well: reminds me a bit of something similar to YSL Cinema, but it has its own character from it as well.Just try it...Im not really a floral  fan anyway =\HOWEVER it seems important to this fragrance particularly that I note we tried it on paper on not yet on skin.
positive I want it! One thing I noticed is that on me, the scent does change. Strange as it may sound, it becomes masculine. I've always liked pushing the gender barrier, like Viktor & Rolf say, look for the contrast: this is my No. 1 rule. No drag obviously, just that I'm a man, I know what I want and I do what I want. I want pearls.
positive I love this perfume. On my way home, I stopped at the store at London Heathrow airport to kill time. I tried on flowerbomb and was very impressed by the smell. It's lovely. 
positive WOW!  I just love this Flowerbomb!  Everything about it is remarkably unique.  The bottle, the name, the fragrance notes...the way they "explode & smolder" ~ simply brilliant!  There has been so much extreme opinion on this one, but I personally find it attractive and wearable! 
positive Ijust recently purchased Flowerbomb.  It does last on my skin.  Since I love orientals the most, especially woody-orientals, I was surprised that I would like this as much as I do.  I find it to be just the right balance for someone who avoids florals and wants a softer, sweet floral.  It is not too intense for me. A miracle for this oriental fanatic! 

negative Flowerbomb is not for my skin, it becomes way too sweet and too uninteresting. I am sorry.
negative Awfully boring tutti-frutti syrup for such a big price tag.Viktor & Rolf need to put on their big girl panties and come up with something other than these treacle-covered blossoms of theirs.
negative Caramel bomb. No flowers. Another, boring, sticky, caramel stuff. So childish, barbyish.
negative the new angel competitor is this bomb who hide very spécial plastic flowers!! 
"courage fuyons"
they want to destroy our noze,pitty,
or, i go to live in sooth pole!!
with pinguins !!
negative I was really dissapointed by this one. I was expecting a really lovely and loud floral. All i was presented with was candy floss, it's sickeningly sweet and 'sticky' smelling. Not worth the price (about £50 for 50 mls over here in the UK). Fantastic bottle though!
negative Tried this one yesterday and I didn't find it as extroardinary as I  thought it would be. It starts with a smell that is very familiar (must be Allure) and further.... nothing. It just doensn't last on my skin and fades after a few minutes.
negative Frankly, it is a mess. I tried both the original and etailer versions of it (some people suggested that the etailer interpretations were much better). None were better than the others. The notes are mixed up in an indecipherably manner. It is flat, but ironically loud and cloying. You don't get the complexity of the artisan fragrances, just a sickly sweet cloud. 
negative too too.  it's trying to hard and the drydown is worthless.  you need to be really young to pull this off. sense memory of disco in the late 80s, amyl nitrate and all.

neutral I smelled it together with Antidote for men... it felt nice but it gave me the sensation of an aroma not plenty original, smelled on another perfume.It starts with sweet flowers, a bit  fresh, with notes of bergamot an tea. Middle notes appears quickly, dominated by freesia in a Ralph Lauren's Romance or Lancome's Miracle remembrance, plus other notes I felt like a floral mix. The base is sweet, like orchid plus sugar or caramel, and maybe a soft wood and vanilla noticeable since the beginning.Very feminine, flowers fit well at summer and the vanilla is nice at winter. A bit complex for daytime use, better for office or evening use, for women between 25-45 years old.
neutral Unless this is the first review you're reading about Flowerbomb, you already know it's not flowery. It is sweet and styled to make friends quickly when first encountered: vanillic with caramelized sugar and a passive patchouli presence; any "flowers" must have been dribbled in from a vat marked Generic Floral Mixture #3. Until a better expression comes along, I'm going to refer to department-store frags as being manufactured with "A Big Paddle." (I'm attracted to niche and vintage-style scents whose molecules are stacked more meticulously.) For a Big Paddle frag, Flowerbomb is pleasant enough not to scrub off, but not attractive enough to mean something special to me.
neutral I don't agree that it's as polarising as Angel, but it's just as instantly recognisable and for that, deserves some respect.  The pink grenade shaped bottle mixes masculine and feminine imagery.  The idea of a bomb I think suggests a gradual war on the senses rather than an overpowering effect.  In the vein of Agent Provocateur's first one, it's a dusky musky floral.  Powdery but quite bodily in that it's pungent.  Like a voluptuous lady that's shaken talcum powder under her arms on a hot day.  Feminine but absolutely not girly it also has a quite bitter smell.  Some smells go 'up' when you smelll then, some 'down'.  This one stays level in terms of the progression of notes to me.
neutral I am not as sophisticated with perfume lingo so I will just use amateur words. I loved it a lot at first, smelled sweet yet suave and sophisticated. It reminded me of Coco Mademoiselle. However, having major perfume longevity problems, I had to pass because I felt that the drydown was weak and barely there. I own Mademoiselle and after an hour it is gone on me - so I could not take the risk with this one too, specially that the price is a bit up there.   
neutral Hmmmm, Im not too impressed with this one, but maybe I was expecting too much :o\ First of all its lacking too much vitality to be a "bomb". It doesnt smell bad, but it doesnt have much kick and from all of the reviews Ive read I was expecting it to be way more gourmand than it is. It just smells like a clone of Allure. Contrary to some opinions, Flowerbomb does NOT smell anything like Angel, I wear Angel on a regular basis and FB is nothing like it, Flowerbomb smells like flowers Angel does not.Flowerbomb and Allure share the same type of light floral scent, with that same light hint of spice. They're not bad scents, but arent distinctive enough for me. 
neutral I have survived the explosion of Flowerbomb. Is this a good name for a fragrance? And do I want to buy something in the shape of a hand grenade? Well, it's a violent experience of flowers that will certainly get the (shocked) attention of everyone around you with the noise of fragrance. One of the reasons I wear perfume is to experience the flow of a fragrance from top note to drydown. Flowerbomb doesn't do that. You put it on and it stays that way till you scrub it off. Or surrender. It should be called Flower Claxon. Perfect for someone who likes a lot of attention over a long period of time. Unfortunately, not for me.
neutral I love it in the bottle but it smells musty and unimpressive on my skin- like patchouli and burnt sugar. With different body chemistry it would be lovely. A must have for floral fans especially if you like patchouli but try this one before you buy- especially with the price.
neutral I love the bottle and the marketing did wonders on my psyche... BUT it's too strong and very smoky to me.  I'm not sure that makes sense, but reminds me of a room where someone's been smoking a pipe or a fancy cigar.  
neutral Flowerbomb? Smells sweet, spicy, caramelly and a bit like all-spice. Also this reminds me of blonde brownies baking in the oven. This isn't what I expected from a perfume named Flowerbomb.?! This is one-dimensional, as it doesn't change from the moment you put it on till it slowly wears off. In all honesty, Flowerbomb smells EXACTLY like Avon's Extraordinary! In a blind sniff test, I wouldn't be able to tell them apart. The only difference is Flowerbomb does last longer and has a bit more sillage. Also on the plus side the, bottle is very unique and makes a great conversation piece. Tho I like this, I don't think it's bottleworthy!
positive Quite sweet and powdery to my nose.  A defining metrosexual fragrance.  I had Cuba Gold before I got to sample this classic from 1995, but the dry down is very similar.  The opening of Le Male is better and so is the performance, but otherwise, you get the same powdery sweet lavender plus vanilla/amber combo that’s been working it’s magic for decades now.

The current formulation has decent projection without being too loud and lasts 7-8 hours.
positive Started as a teenager and have been wearing it ever since. Le Male has a strong cinnamon vanilla and lavender note, creating a scent to make women weak at the knees. My signature! 
positive Its got a nice mix of lavender, vanilla, mint thing going on.  It becomes an accord to me, melding together to smell "le male"ish.  Powdery, synthetic, sure.  If it didn't have that terrible bottle I'd own it.  Performance is good.  A respectable fragrance.  
positive JPG is awesome simple as that. Sure it has its time and place, i like to wear it when its a little chilly out with a descent outfit for going out. just like 1 million and invictus etc the frag will have its haters. But like i say, if your goal in a frag is to get noticed and get compliments then this is one of those. I guarantee anytime you wear it someone or several people will stop and ask what your wearing or tell you "omg you smell so good". Isn't that the point afer all?
positive I wish I had tried this before reformulation; as the smell is great, but it barely lasts me 3 hours in projection/longevity. The drydown scent is AMAZING, and I would rate it much higher, but the endurance of the aroma is nonexistent.
positive Jean-Paul Gaultier Le Mâle (1995) is a very important fragrance, and indeed a very controversial fragrance in the world of perfume. This was Jean-Paul Gaultier's debut masculine and it set the world alight with it's bizarre tin can packaging and risqué muscular male torso bottle with sailor shirt stripes to match the previous year's Classique (1993) and it's bare-chested feminine bust. Le Mâle did several things at once upon release: it established perfumer Francis Kurkdjian as his first creation (and arguably most successful one); it's loud and bombastic smell cut through the club scene like a hot knife through butter and was the de facto king of that scene until Paco Rabanne 1 Million arrived in 2008; it unintentionally gave the gay community on the male/male side a champion scent due to it's bottle design, bright smell, and "sailor boy" aesthetic that was in line with gay ideals of male beauty. You simply couldn't get away from this stuff in the club scene, and even after scents like Curve for Men (1996), and Givenchy Pi (1999) started taking nibbles at Le Mâle's dominance in more mixed clubbing company, it continued to rule the gay scene for years to come, and is still a strong contender even in the face of the aforementioned 1 Million in clubs of all kinds across the globe. 

In fact, Le Mâle has perhaps become too successful for it's own good, which fuels the controversy around it's artistic merits because everyone was just overexposed to it back then like they were 1 Million, and more-recently Dior Sauvage (2015). The scent's famous artemisia and mint opening is much to blame for it's shrill piercing of hot nightclub air, but it isn't quite an ozonic as it doesn't have a huge grapefruit note, but just the usual bitter bergamot and a contrasting cardamom note. Le Mâle is all about contrasts, which is how it gets to be so freakishly loud without being cloying like Joop Homme (1989) at similar volume levels. Cinnamon and dirty cumin is opposed by fresh lavender and orange blossom, showing Francis Kurkdjian borrowing a play from Edmond Roudnitska in the "dirty but clean, virile but pleasant" department, but the base ends up taming this beast at the end. Sandalwood, cedar, tonka, amber, and vanilla act as a forgiving security blanket that hides the diametrically-opposed notes in the top and middle. By the time Le Mâle is (finally) a skin scent, only wisps of the mint and lavender really remain to mix with the heavier, creamier, and powdery base, making this a very barbershop-like smell in it's final throes. I actually get a bit irritated by this finish, but wearing it on shirt helps keep the top around longer. There really isn't another fougère like this one (outside of clones), and the performance is beyond this world. Expect 10 hours plus of good detectable sillage and projection way past an arm's length. Best use is pretty much all seasons save the dead of summer, but obviously this smell is associated most with the night life.

Le Mâle is finally starting to appear dated around it's 25-year mark, and like other notorious period scents from the 90's such as Nautica (1992) and Tommy by Tommy Hilfiger (1995), is so inexorably linked to the decade of its birth that even in the gay scene (where it had the longest clubbing lifespan), it's seen as "old-school", which hurts it's wearability. If loud mint, bergamot, lavender, spice and vanilla traffic jams sound like something you could dig, you can't go wrong with Le Mâle, but if you were duly overexposed to it like I was, then you can appreciate it's importance but never bring yourself to wear it more than occasionally, a single bottle lasting a lifetime, or wear it again in some cases. Nuclear performance is the name of Le Mâle's game, but much of the notes used here inform of later Kurkdjian creations for his own MFK label, and has come in so many different packaging editions that it's also become a darling with collectors. The scent has always been something of a love/hate, but in no way am I dismissing the entire Le Mâle line, as there have been many different and nice flankers in the years since, a good portion of which are also designed by Francis Kurkdjian. A famous fresh, jarring, semi-powdery fougère scent that is instantly recognizable but not versatile like most things of its ilk. Thumbs up
positive The legendary Le Male by Jean Paul Gaultier... Introduced in 1995, it is one of the most successful - and most copied - perfumes of all time, that really influenced the way male perfumery advanced ever since.

Being the second perfume I ever got back in 2000 (5 years after its release and still being extremely popular back then), there are so many memories tied with its smell. I believe that Le Male is the kind of male perfume that every single perfume enthusiastic should smell as an introduction to what male perfumery was and still is all about. It is exceptional in its own way and - while it may smell a bit dated after so many copies of its smell being released, from male perfumes to... car deodorants, still stays relevant to JPG brand philosophy. You may love it, you may hate it but you have to give it a try.

Nice longevity, ideal projection - I feel that it is a bit watered down nowadays, compared to the original formula though, which is not a bad thing, considering the fact that the original formula could stay on skin for 24 hours and more. I remember going to the pool wearing the original formula years ago and having people around telling me that the whole pool water smells like Le Male. 

Apart from all the flankers of Le Male that JPG released (which all have been kind of fail - except Ultra Male and the new Le Male Essence), in my opinion the only perfume that took Le Male base and developed it to something modern and powerful is Prada Luna Rosa Extreme. 

In conclusion Le Male is a milestone in male perfumery, something that being in market for 21 years proves. While I am not sure if it is the way I want to smell in 2016, it has always been a steady presence in my perfume collection, something I love to visit from time to time.

*This review was written after several full wearings of the perfume and not just after smelling this on paper or on wrist.
positive Not something I would wear nowadays as it reminds me of being a very young man up to no good.

Still a great scent and remember when I sampled it for the first time. It smelt so damn good. Really different and unique. Girls went crazy fro the stuff!! 

Oh...........Those were the days!
positive I tried this when I first started getting into fragrance. I almost bought it on a blind buy because I thought the bottle looked cool. Luckily I tried it at the mall before doing so. I didn't like it and went with Versace Eros instead. That was about a year and a half ago.

This past weekend, I saw 1.7 ounce bottles for about $25 and went for it. I'm glad I did. The scent grew on me.

I'm getting a combination of vanilla and lavender from this one, and maybe tonka bean. It's a pleasant scent for this time of year. I would recommend it whenever it's chilly out, but it probably won't do so well in warmer weather.

Unfortunately, it doesn't have adequate projection or longevity. It smells nice, but the performance is lacking. Maybe it would make a nice date fragrance since proximity matters, but that's about it.
positive Classic.  But I think a bit played out so no longer in my rotation.
positive A legendary, polarizing and ever popular oriental scent that will always be my favorite.  I've seen several attempts by different fragrance houses to recreate Le Mâle (sometimes convincingly, other times even improving on it); but THIS is the defining sensual experience that, after all these years, still delights (and annoys) many.

For me, the lavender, mint, vanilla, cumin, and sandalwood are well formulated.  There is that Clubman Pinaud vibe here (that pleasant powder in the green bottle used in barbershops after a haircut).  The bottle is always a shocker to behold, and the tin can is unique, too! 

The flankers that have come (and gone) all take the Le Mâle mystique and enhance specific notes.  In the case of the "La Cologne Tonique" set, the fragrance serves the role of a bracing, tastefully muted body spray.  But for me, it's hard to dislike the retakes on this one (save for Ultra Male, a radical remake that is its own scent).  A dependable, always pleasant experience...Le Mâle will remain in my top favorites of all time.

positive This is beyond a classis.  Of all scents that I have owned, and still own, this is the only one that I have purchased and gone through numerous bottle, plus also the after shave balm.

From bottles that are over $1,000 to mid range to low end... This one has always stood out.  The scent brings up good memories, good times in my life, and I have never not enjoyed this scent.

I do not wear it out often as it is not a unique scent, however I do use it before bed.  Such a happy and calming scent for me.
positive Not much more, if anything can be said about this one. This was the first designer fragrance that I was really exposed to and absolutely loved the smell of. It will get hate due to its popularity as much as people who genuinely dislike it's scent. I had a friend who picked out ginger in this one which was probably the cinnamon/orange/cumin I guess. Can't say I get ginger... or lavender for that matter which seems to be a very dominant note quoted by the majority. All I know is I get a very pleasant smell that for me is the same now as it was in the late 90s. Above average sillage and longevity and a real classic for any wardrobe.
positive Review and Ratings based on the original formulation.

Years ago I watched the commercial, where guys are changing from their stripes shirts to formal suits. As soon as i watched that commercial (I believe was aired from the year 1995), I knew I had to get it. I had to wait some more time, and after possessing 2 fragrances (In which were given to be as gifts), I had to buy my very fragrance ever. It had to be Le Male. 

All I can say is, that this fragrance is a memory. Yeah, Memory in a Bottle. Enough Said. 

Thanks.  
positive Lavender.  Lavender. Lavender.  But in a good way :)
positive Judging from the positive reviews and love this fragrance gets, I made a blind buy ( actually 90% of my scents are).. 

It smells pretty nice as it projects. Smelt directly from the skin I gets a rough, synthetic after-smell.. Lots of vanilla in this one. 

Maybe it's because it was re formulated, I don't get the beast mode longevity and projection everybody talks about.. I even wore 4-5 sprays on a hot day, barely got notices.. 

Still happy it's in my small collection.. Barely escaped a neutral..

6-7/10

positive Salutation.

Yes LE MALE!This one is really great.elegant is the perfect way to describe.strong and definitely FRENCH style.masculine,beautiful,like a dream.

In my opinion Le MALE is clearly not for everyone.you either love or hate it.one spray is enough for long hours.well balanced and the base it very lovely for me.

One of the best fragrances in winter nights for me.perfect for smart stylish man.and one of the word is magical.

Thank You JPG.

82.5/10

negative After all these years, I can say with full confidence that I just don't like Le Mâle.  It feels good to finally get that off my chest...

I think almost everyone knows what this smells like by now, but if you don't, it's basically a lavendor/tonka fougere, sweetened with vanilla, cinnamon, and coumarin, kind of soapy and powdery, but kept from turning into a gourmand by a mix of exhaust-fume terpines, bleach, plasticky diaper musk, and smegma.

It actually kind of reminds me of Shalimar, but if Shalimar were reimagined by a punky gay weirdo who thought it would be funny to get unsuspecting people to wear a classic musk perfume that uses bleachy dried up sperm instead of musk.  As such, I get the joke, and I acknowledge the artistry, and the wink-and-nod to history, and the iconoclasm.  But I still think this smells nasty.
negative Synthetic at its best. Powdery synthetic scent. I dont get anything in it, it's too lame to separate the notes. I only get some "artificial" lavender. Hmmm...


negative Does nobody else get shaving foam, herbs and mustiness?

**/*
negative I've bought 125 ml for 40 €
I'm not an expert on reformulations. 
The scent is classy and great. I've owned dupes of this fragrance. 
Le male in its current state is not worth the money. Sillage is poor and the dry down is not that great. 
Kindlooks for 5 dollars is better and the sillage is far better than JPG LE MALE. 
negative I don't like to ramble on about reformulation's but this one is totally spoiled now ..it's dry and has lost all of its opulence and density..highly synthetic and basically its not been treasured or treated with any respect by the company that currently formulate it. I gave it away to my 14 year old nephew ..he likes it so at least it wasn't a complete waste of money.
negative The original JPG Le Male from the 90s was a masterpiece & had tremendous performance! Le Male has since been reformulated & most retailers are selling the reformulation. The reformulated version of Le Male does not smell or perform nearly as good as the original. It is not powdery, nor is it a powerhouse! I find it woodier in the dry-down. The vintage is a much darker juice/better formulation. A reformulated bottle will last 5 hours at most on my skin & project for the first hour. It is a shame that the house destroyed a beautiful fragrance. Not worth it - only buy if you can find the vintage juice!
negative I happened to be living in London when this was launched and was running into Harrod's on an errand when, right inside the door, a woman with a spritzer grabbed my arm and asked if I wanted to try this new scent.  Before I could answer, I was given a dose and I quickly moved on.  Before I was twenty steps into the store I knew that something was wrong.  Very wrong. What she sprayed on me was so vile, so gross, that I went straight to the men's room to wash it off.  It was on me ten minutes or so and I sniffed at it the whole time, wondering what was so "off" about this scent.  I was probably wearing Bel Ami at the time, so strong scents were no problem.  I also love Caron PuH and Ungaro II, and the vanilla lavender combo is a favorite, so what was so wrong?  To me it smelled overly strong, overly sweet and oddly bestial--and not in a good way (and as I mentioned, I like the civet in Ungaro II!).  Very similar to my reaction to Kouros, even though they are very different fragrances.  Even after a scrub in the gent's I emanated its evil odor for the rest of the day and felt like I needed to apologize to strangers who drifted into my wake.  Oddly enough, I have smelled it on other men since where it smelled just fine--actually tame and minty-fresh barbershop-like.  I might even like it now that it has been reformulated but I can never forget the visceral reaction that I had on first trying it. 

neutral I was looking for something different, no Le Male at all, but began to test several fragrances at a local Belk.  I got to Le Male and thought.  It smelled like something I already have, Body Kuros.  I do not know if BK has been reformulated but my juice in over a decade or so old now.  So my nose, from both, gets a spicy sweetness.  It is ok, but not something I would want to wear. I only wear BK a couple times a year. I cannot speak for longevity but the initial power is strong. I do not like the sticky sweet of it but others may find this appealing.   
neutral So I was out of my bottle which I got from my friends 11 years ago. So I purchased a 200 ML bottle for 60 euros. Bargain I thought for such an awesome smell, butt (yes, double T f....., thats how I felt)... WTF?!? Why the hell would you REFORMULATE YOUR BEST SELLING PERFUME JPG?!?! WHY?!?

Scent
Scent itself is a masterpiece, but this one smells less powdery than my previous bottle and more aqua...

8/10

Projection
Poor, ok projection for the first 90 minutes then it's bye bye kansas. My previous was a beast projection.

3/10

Longevity
Poor, getting max 5 hours. Used to get 15 hours of longevity. Stays over 24 hours on clothes though.

5/10

Versatile
Less suited for winter.

9/10

------
6.3 overall score

Neutral score cause of the scent and versatile score. I am so disappointed, not gonna buy this anymore. Well, atleast it was cheap, 100 ml for 30 euros. Poor projection and longevity and the whole world owns it now. There are better perfumes than this. 


neutral Powdery,sweet,gives me a nausea's feeling ,,,,really synthetic probably nice at a distance..Think i prefer it on others as opposed to myself...
If you like this frag and wished it was on another level then go for Amouage Reflection man....Stunning,upperclass,totally well blended scent similar to le male but on another level totally and goes a different direction at points...but yes similar.
neutral My nickname for this fragrance is "man in a can" because well, that's what the packaging is.

This is a good fragrance. The combination of mint, lavender, and vanilla has been duplicated many times, but this is still the original and best. However, at least where I live, men overspray this one quite frequently. One of my friends started wearing Le Male once, and he used so much that he could choke a small room.

So go ahead and wear Le Male - but please, don't overspray.
neutral Le Male is one of my few blind buys, and I regret it. It is constructed around a minty lavender opening and heart, and a sweet base of vanilla, musk and amber. I get some faint spices and woods throughout its lifespan on skin, but the trinity of mint, lavender and vanilla dominates everything else. While it scores for being quite original in scope and execution, I don't personally find the overall scent to be very agreeable. Moreover it seems to diffuse this sophomoric vibe and I cannot take it seriously at all. After hearing about all the wonders, I find its performance on my skin to be pretty average. 

For some reason I feel this would smell better on a woman. But I'm not recommending it to anyone. 
neutral sweet,fresh,sometimes annoying i'd say.Average longevity and projection for me
positive It is a fresh, cool and modern perfume.
The scent is soapy and lavendery.
It is an oriental-fougere type of perfume.  

It is a very popular perfume. 
I liked it so much, I bought it even though it is a man's perfume. So defiantly thumbs up for it. 
positive Thats a monster!!! but a good monster so good that it has became so common that I could not wear it any more.
Vanilla mixed with candy sweetness cinnamon and pepper with monster longevity and projection.
the bottle is just....bad!
positive I really enjoy this scent especially the dry down. I would say it's quite unique to other colognes on the market. all the notes fit together perfectly. I would only wear this scent in the winter as its quite gourmand like. In my opinion le male is one of the best gourmand fragrance out there. I would defiantly recommend this but I would say test before you buy because it might not be for everyone.
positive I am surprised I have never smelled this on anyone where I live besides myself. I love this notes in this one. One would think that mint, lavender, and vanilla would not work well together but they combine so well together to form a truly unforgettable scent. I always receive compliments in this scent and my wife is madly in love with this scent. A great fall and winter time fragrance.
positive an excellent fragrance overall excellent projection and longevity. i use this one for fall and winter. for school or office wear only wear one spray but for dates or going out 2-3. no more than 3 sprays. its just that mine came with a defective pump :(. but i will exchange it.
positive The opening is on another level to anything I've worn before. Powerful, juicy and mouthwatering. The projection before it dries is a force to be reckoned with. The drydown is also nice and this stuff lingers on the skin for a good amount of time.

Not completely masculine, but then again not perfumey at all.

The bottle is impressive, a real quality item. I have the 75 ml and it just feels great in the hand, the glass has a really smooth feel.

However, Le Male is of course a victim of it's own popularity. The first time I wore it on a night out, it was recognised and named by the first person I came across. For this reason I would never wear it regularly. 

Also if someone is wearing other than yourself,  it it can be a bit cloying.

4/5 - Shame about the fame!
positive jpg le male is a true classic in my eyes. Vanilla lavender combo one of the best in the business. This projects forever and lasts a long time. Its stood the test of time so you can get this one cheap. Im not sure how you could hate this other than the fact that you prob smelled it on someone before but who cares.  I definitely get compliments with this one. The dry down is strong and i like that! you can get this one cheap!
smell 7/10 not bad i love vanilla
longevity 10/10 beastmode 
projection 8/10 this might have been reformulated???? i remember it projecting better but idk..
positive Very nice lavender/vanilla fragrance with a slightly herbal minty opening. 
Great longevity and sillage.
positive Hated. Loved. Adored. Loathed. 

No matter where you stand with this masterpiece (if you don't have an opinion do yourself a favor) this is  a fragrance that is undeniable. When I wear this I am usually asked what it is...just the pronunciation of the maker and cologne does something to people. Of course those in the know either roll their eyes or smile. I don't usually go into the ingredients of colognes as one only needs to look that up- but the minty vanilla of Le Male is glorious and was a game changer when it appeared. Instantly recognizable both by scent and sight, a definite legend in its own time and in my mind.
positive Very very sensual barbershop smell. The trick: easy on the trigger. 
positive Very sweet.One of my first purchases of cologne. Very sweet smelling. Has a vanilla-powdery drydown.Pros: decent projectionCons: doesn't last as long as the original "
positive Best fragrance if u are looking for sweetness.	Well I was looking for it and finally found it last night...i just wanted to check how its is coz i asked someone to get it for me...when i smelled it I was completely in love with it...that sweetness and the dry down is excellent..cant wait for it :DPros: Long Lasting, Projects GoodCons: Expensive :P"
positive Fun and Lively	Le Male by Jean Paul Gaultier is one of the better lavender and vanilla based fragrance offered to this date.  This scent can have  a mysterious aphrodisiacal effect at times.  Just remember to put this scent on mildly.  It's quite potent so please consider others and the occasion in which this will be worn.  Overall, a beautiful scent that gives undivided female attention to its wearer.  
positive Pleasant, sweet, great longevityI enjoy this scent very much. Most fragrances wear very close to my skin so even something with the reputation Le Male has, I don't smother people or invade their nostrils. The vanilla is very nice and the powder is something new for me but it is also quite pleasant to me. I think this is a fragrance that is just predominantly going to be popular with the younger crowd more so than the older crowd, and once you've smelled it you can see why. I really enjoy it and plan on continuing to use it. To each his own. Some people can spray once and get a headache from the sweetness. I can spray 2-3 on and you won't know I'm wearing it until you get relatively close to me.Pros: Sweet, long lasting, projects wellCons: Can be too sweet for some people"
positive I love this stuff, and it gets me noticed more than just about anything else that I own. It is another scent that seems to suffer from extreme popularity, but nobody else in my inner circle even seems to know what it is. It is a very pungent, sweet smell that follows me around wherever I go. It is strong stuff, so I try to go light on the trigger. Awesome for the middle of winter, it cuts through the cold, dry air in my area and has a good festive smell.
positive I dont really like sweet fragrancies but this one, wow. The top notes are very clean and fresh but as it dries down it gets very very sweet, mainly vanilla and cinammon. It smells so damn god, i'd like to feel this scent even when i go to sleep :D.

I think this is one of those frags that you either love or hate but if you love its love at first sight.  Projection is good, just as longetivity, but it doesnt last any longer than 5-6 hours on my skin (its still very good, compared to other frags).

absolutely favourite
positive I know this is a very popular fragrance. And like all things as popular as this there will be some backlash. But this is a top notch fragrance. Very original and very good quality. You spray this on and it seems like it would last forever. Definitely a winter time scent. This should not even be sold in tropical countries. However this is one of my all time favorite fragrances. A++.
positive A very exquisite and expensive smelling fragrance. It is instantly noticable and recognised. I have had countless 'you smell nice' comments and it is without doubt a smell for the modern guy and the fragrance lasts for many hours. It is very well packaged and marketed and really goes down a treat with the ladies.
positive I smelt this today after reading alot of reviews about it and..

I was delighted :D

As its got alot of vanilla (I LOVE VANILLA) i did adore the smell; but it did come of as abit sweet, maybe abit too sweet? 

Also, i got abit of cherry from this? Anyone else get that or is this just me? cos i was getting some cherry and alot of vanilla on the dry down?

Anyway, even tho it is quite sweet, i am pretty sure i will pick up a bottle of this soon.
positive It took me a while to warm up to this fragrance but it is the fragrance that made me realize that you actually have to wear a particular scent before you can decide whether you like, love or hate it.  The opening of Le Male is what initially turned me off about the fragrance.  I got a peppery cardamom scent at the beginning that I didn't particularly care for.  That is what made write off this scent initially that was until I smelled Le Male on co-worker of mine that had gone into the dry down.  It made me actually test Le Male on my skin... well long story short is I got to experience the wonderful mint-lavender-cinnamon middle and the vanilla-tonka-amber finish.  Im still not a huge fan of the opening but still an overall great scent.  Projection is good while the longevity on my skin holds for 14+ hours.
positive Vanilla and mint dominate this frag. I enjoy it. I keep reading how projection and longevity are beast with this more but I don't experience that. 
positive It's a good fragrance. Not the best, but good enough to earn a thumbs up from me. It's a powdery sweet scent with great projection and longevity. The bottle design is amazing, and it looks great displayed on a shelf :) I own the limited edition flask version though. Once i get through with this bottle, I'm going to purchase another one for sure!
positive The first time I tested this I was not impressed and it was easily forgotten.
For Christmas my wife got me a sample pack from Sephora, this was one of the frags in the box.
I tested each one on my skin daily just to see the outcome, boy was I shocked.
This package contained two of my favorites, D&G The One and Gucci Guilty and
this one won me over after trying it on my skin.
4 hours in and I swear it is just as strong as when I put it on.
I am not usually a fan of the "soapy" smells but this one blows my mind.

I am a huge fan.
positive Crowded, synthetic. So what? If looking for a fragrance for a night out, that has good performance in skin and like the girls, this is your candidate.

negative Genre: Woody Oriental

This dull, aging, straight-laced, (if socially progressive,) straight guy grants kudos to the house of Jean Paul Gaultier for openly courting the gay male market well before it was politically correct to do so – back in those benighted times when “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” actually looked like a step forward. Insofar as the packaging and winking sailor boy from The Village People ad campaign were unambiguously and unashamedly targeted – not to mention decades in advance of Etat Libre d’Orange – I say good for Gaultier. I only wish they’d given the guys a better scent.

I have no idea what perfume critic Tania Sanchez was sniffing when she described Le Mâle as a “light, soapy lavender scent,” but to me the contents of the bottle with the bulging crotch rank among the loudest, crudest entries in the sugared 1990s tidal wave that included A*Men, Pi, Rochas Man, Lolita Lempicka au Masaculin and Joop! Homme. I find this especially remarkable given that it’s purported to be the work of Francis Kurkdjian , him of Enlévement au Sérail, Acqua di Parma Iris Nobile, L’Eau Noire, and Ma Dame. The composition smells very simple, and all I get out of it besides Ms. Sanchez’s lavender is powdery vanilla, amber, and a monstrously amplified note of ethylmaltol. This last is the same diabolically shrill, sweet aromachemical that lends the original Angel its syrupy consistency.

The development, if I may deign to call it that, is strictly linear, and the cloying sweet central accord persists at the olfactory equivalent of deafening volume for hour upon hour – which I count as no good thing, given how unpleasant I find Le Mâle. Contrary to some others, I actually find Kurkjian’s recent floral variation, Fleur du Mâle, far more wearable and interesting.

negative A classic scent destroyed by reformulationJean Paul Gaultier's Le Male was a masterpiece of simplicity and design. Some people thought it was a victim of its own success but popularity was never due to hype or marketing, rather it was down to one simple and fundamental truth (often forgotten in fragrance world), Le Male just smelled so bloody wonderful. Le Male was never a complex scent, just a perfectly balance of duality - its intense vanilla dry down tempered beautifully by mint and a hint of lavender. It was also renowned for its projection and longevity across the board, something rare with so many different and subjective reactions to fragrances. So it's with a heavy heart that I inform the reader that Le Male has, most likely, been reformulated as a shadow of its former self. I've purchased 5 bottles over the past six months, all from reputable sources and they have all inspired contempt and frustration. The new formulation has dropped the heavy vanilla dry down in favor of something more subtle. It's not unpleasant but it's far less sweet than the original formulation and seems a little more powdery. It has also become far less potent. In fact, I'd go so far to say that its projection is weak. It stays so close to the skin as to become none existent. Longevity remains decent - around 6-7 hours, less than its earlier incarnation - but because the projection is so slight and the scent so bland, longevity becomes mostly irrelevant. I don't think that there has been any official word from Jean Paul Gaultier but the forums are abuzz with speculation. I remained objective in my assessment - negative experiences with scents often comes down to fake bottles or stale perfumes - but I feel confident that I've given enough time, and enough money (!), to confirm my judgement. In conclusion, be wary when purchasing Le Male. I suggest hunting down older bottles, if you know what to look for (it's been suggested that the older formulations have darker stripes on the bottles). Otherwise, lower your expectations of this once beautiful creation and mourn the defiling of a classic male fragrance.Pros: Retains hints of its older versionCons: Weak projection, weak longevity, lack of vanilla intensity"

neutral Cuba Gold has bad, tacky packaging. JPG took Cuba Gold, found even worse packaging, and raised the price from $3.99 to $64. Le Mâle is God's way of telling you have too much money.
neutral Shalimar for Men. Then...... pleasant musk. 
neutral A sweetish, very synthetic scent with a sweet minty start that becomes increasigky flowery -mainly lavender - to be completely dominated by vanilla in the drydown. Overloaded and unbalanced at times, it's main fortes is a splendid longevity of eight hours in cool weather. 
neutral This is a very complex fragrance and it does involve into something interesting to say the least. I'll be honest and say it is semi pleasant but it is not my kind of scent and I wouldn't wear it in public. First initial impression is baby powder and vanilla.

Try it before you buy it.

positive There's nothing left to say about this wonderful scent. Classic and timeless, definetely a must have for any fragrance lover. A wonderful mix of lavender, vanilla and tonka bean (mainly) that lingers for a long time in your skin. Thumbs up!
positive I love this stuff..  Been wearing it for years, and yeah a lot of people wear it, but it lasts a long time and I think it smells great.  Asked for another bottle for Christmas this year..
positive What an absolute classic this is.

The first 5 seconds of this fragrance is possibly my favourite smell in the world. A blast of fresh, minty masculinity. The drydown calms down but is still really pleasant and agreeable, you won't find a woman that doesn't love the way this smells on you. 

Lasts forever, very versatile, the bottle is a classic on your shelf, can't ask for anything more. 
positive Great fragrance, a little synthetic but had a great projection and longevity. The girls love it. : )
positive one of the all time clasics,( cool water, acqua di gio). unrealistic smell of mint,cinnamon and vanilla that is done perfect. if you love sweet orientals this is for you. beware of the bootleggers. if you get the 4.2 oz bottle for 30 bucks you have been scammed. this, chanel and acqua di gio are the most bootlegged scents..
positive Even though this one has been around for a while, I have to rate in as if I just smelled it for the first time. Longevity is a beast on this one. The scent is on point also. The only thing about this frag is everyone has it. If you want to stand out of the crowd, this may not be for you. But if you want a scent that's going to hang around for a while, this is your juice.
positive VANILLA BOMB!!!

So whats there to say about this 1 that hasn't been said? Not Much anyway...I just had to get this Gem of a fragrance. Growing up in middle school i used my brothers Cuba gold all the time it just smelled so sweet and elegant, idk lol thats just how i pictured it at the time. A few years later after wearing Eternity and Hugo(again my brothers haha) i found out Cuba gold was a "knock off" of JPG, it had been years since i had smelled cuba gold so i figured why not give this "JPG" a try. So i purchased a bottle, initially i was thinking "what the heck is this?". I smelled traces of cuba gold but nothing too similar. Than about an hour into it i start smelling something familiar ,i start sniffing my wrist And Wow it smelled just how i remembered cuba gold smelling like but much better...

Anyway now that i own a few more bottles this stuff smells somewhat dated it just brings back a lot of fond memories, and its no longer my favorite :( haha...Nevertheless i still LOVE the smell once it settles down after about an 1hr into it. It just starts off too strong thats my only Knock on it. But as stated this is Either a Love or hate fragrance.

Three words To describe this VANILLA, VANILLA, SEXY....Not the best Vanilla scent but its not Ever so popular for NO reason!

positive The classic manly vanilla fragrance. Over here in Georgia, USA not many people wear it, so this is fantastic.The smell is excellent: minty, lavenderish vanilla. Potency is great with this fragrance, and I don't find it cloying if you over spray (the mintiness and comforting feel of the vanilla are not heavy). Should be good all year around, summer time included (nights preferably). Spring time I think is the best time for this fragrance, since I like to bring out the really gourmandy scents in the coldest weather. This is definitely great for regular temperatures though. Will get attention and cause smiles. Great fragrance.
positive If you like vanilla and mint this is for you! The performance is incredible. Sure, its not the most natural smelling thing, but if all your worried about is smelling natural then why don't you stick to BO. This scent is delicious and a lot of women love it. If your in highschool this might be great for you. Not many kids where good fragrances at that age, and with this being so sweet it will set you apart from all the fresh scenes kids wear. Just go easy on the trigger and you'll be good. Also the colder is gets the better this smells. There's just something inviting about this in cooler weather. 
positive Awesome. I love it. My only problem is it reminds me of shockwaves hair get from the 1990's
I dont think its as popular in the Uk as it used to be i think the the kids have moved on to 1 million and other frags now.
Its fairly linear which suits me fine no worrying about what its going to develop into and its strong. 2 sprays at most are all you need. Its almost like someone lets off a mint and vanilla bomb. Good for nights out, might be too cloying in summer when its hot

positive Lot of people has got their own views about JPG LE MALE but it's one of the best perfumes ever created.I feel ,it's ignored by by a lot reviewers because it's used by a hell lot of people and its very common.Otherwise this perfume is a great creation ,no one can deny the fact.It's a mint and vanilla bomb.I dont really know any other perfume which has got such a day long staying power.Its truely a monster.People might talk about A*Man,Joop and lot of other things but these all do not posses the same quality notes.I use it in the morning and it keeps on going strong till evening.As far as the projection concerned ,no other can beat this.Belive it or not.Guys ,if you want to find out mistakes ,you can find it out anywhere,even in the most greatest things in the world.
positive Love it, been wearing it since high school. Sweet, woody, vanillic, and yes it is a bit synthetic and overdone. But its JPG after all.

Also it has in my opinion the best executed note of cumin in perfumery: it does not smell one iota like mexican or middle eastern food, it does not smell one bit like very bad body odour (which is why I dislike cumin), yet it adds a slight funk to the blend as it dries down and descends from the sweeter, heavier, louder top into the lower pitched coumarin-rich vanillic base. Very nice, provided you don't bathe in it.

Also I've noticed that last year's formula tweaking lessened its sillage, and it now seems to spoil very quickly. I kept an unsealed bottle of a formulation from about 10 years ago, and its fine, but 10 months with the newer formulation and it smells like its beginning to deteriorate, but still quite good.

End of the day: don't care about how overdone it is, how widely it is used, and the type of people who use it. Its a great fragrance, and does me very well. 4.5/5.
positive I live in St. Louis, MO - and this one is pretty well known in these parts as a club-only scent. I faked hating it for a long time before I would admit to owning a bottle. The stuff is truly beautiful. I have seen women literally roll their eyes in pleasure when sniffing my shirt. It smells a little fem to me, but hey - the wife loves it, so it has a home in my collection of bottles. There is no denying it's authority. One spray would get me through a weekend on the farm working around pigs.
positive Scent: Mint, Vanilla, Lavendar, Spices (Sweet/Spicy)

Usage: From 1 being rarely used by people and 5 being most commonly used, this fragrance gets a 5.  It's very popular and best-selling, for good reasons, but at the same time it's own success is what makes it for some people difficult to wear because they do not want to smell like several other guys.

Longevity: Lasts 6 to 10 hours (8 for me)

Projection: Initially overpowering, so wear a half hour before going out.  Stays strong throughout, doesn't die down.

Sprays: Since it is very strong, I recommend only 1 spray.  2 at the very most.  NEVER any more than 2.

Caveats: If you find sweet scents cloying, you may not like this.  This is a very sweet fragrance.

Recommended Age Group: Younger crowd (15 to 30), but anybody though.

Overall Rating: 9 out of 10 

Verdict: A classic, that belongs in all collections.

positive If you've been to a bar or club in the last decade in a major city you've smelled multiple guys rocking this. Powdery, floral, spicy, woody. It's pretty complex and it is ubiquitous for a reason. Women like it. It projects like crazy. It basically kicks noses in the balls and takes no prisoners. It's very masculine in that sense, even if it is pretty powdery and floral. 

Night-only people. Preferred in the winter/fall. I smell far too many undergrad-types sporting this during the day in the summer. It gets cloying and can turn many people off, especially in close quarters. 

Still, it's well made, is loved by men and women alike, and has a proper place in the clubbing scene. Just don't overdo it.
positive Opens up with sweet lavender and by the hour i get a nice spicy fresh vanilla and as the hours go by i pick up a slight cinnamin,and all i smell now is vanilla and what i believe is "mint". Very good :).
positive The scent is pretty good and projects awesome. I'd only would wear this on clubbing nights and I don't want to be wearing what the guy next to me is wearing so its a no for me. Ladies do like this.
positive I don't know what it is about Le Male, but it sends me into a frenzy! Perhaps because it reminds me of someone? The powdery sweetness of the vanilla combined with mint, cardamom and cinnamon is the perfect mix of sugar and spice, surprisingly quite masculine. However, I'm a female and wouldn't hesitate to wear this either. Someone in another review compared it to "body funk," but it reminds me of a freshly perspired man, skanky in a good way!
positive Very sweet, powdery, a bit minty and some tobacco, to my nose. But I would stress VERY powdery and sweet, and fairly linear. Sillage is not as impressive for me as for others, but no slouch. Longevity ia about 4-6 hours projecting, and another 2-4 very close, maybe 6-8 overall. This is very similar to Joop! Homme to me, and if you like sweet and if you like one, I would think you would like the other. I think it is worthowning one, but not both. I picked up Joop! first, so I will pass on le Male. I believe Joop! costs less as well, not sure. Also, Joop! has more longevity foe me.

Good scent, very powdery, a bit feminine, in fact, reminiscent of Joop! to me, and I prefer the latter.  However, I am not averse to powdery sweet on occasion, and this one is a pleasant enough interpretation of that, with some other fun notes mixed in, so thumbs up for me.
positive Now this fragrance has one of the best projection and longetivity. This is definetaly a sweet smell, so use it sparingly. Half to one full spray is enough for me. This is a good compliment getter if you wear it right. One of my faves.

negative Sweet scent at first sight but too much for my taste. It becomes invasive and unpleasant.
negative With all the amazing reviews I read about this, i just HAD to try it.  I WANTED to like it... but alas, it was not for me.  
When sprayed on the test strip of paper, it was very forgettable, with an undertone i wasn't sure of.  Surely that was just something subtle on thetop notes that would wear off eventually.  So I tried it on my skin.
For 45 minutes all I got was babypowder that had something subtle trying to come out.  Eventually the hidden note came out:  Vanilla.
If vanilla and babypowder are notes you enjoy, then this is the frag for you.  Sadly, I didn't feel that it lived up to the expectations made by all the reviews.  IMHO.
negative Le male contains some of my favourite notes and I was eager to try it.  I really liked this fragrance on the blotter.  Then, I sprayed some on my wrist.  Big mistake!  After 20 minutes, I smelled like I spilled a bottle of Musk for Men by Jovan (a horrible cheap drugstore fragrance that was all too popular back in the 70's).  For months, my mouse pad reeked of white musk. Oddly enough, musk is not mentioned in Le male's olfactory pyramid.  I wonder what it is that reacts so bad on my skin.

Maybe Le male is a great fragrance on some men but on me, it is utterly revolting.  Headache in a bottle, unfortunately.
negative so sweet it mekes me sick, are you sure this was intented for males to use it?
negative I keep trying this one and it's just as nasty as the last time I tried it on.  Smells like a syntheticly sweet plastic.  An assault on the senses.
negative THIS SCENT LASTS FOREVER AND A DAY! I had a spray in a shop and the initial very alcoholly blast put me off a little. After about 20 minutes it blends into a spicy vanilla scent. I personally struggled smelling any lavender or mint but there you go. I really don't see what the big fuss is with this fragrance. However, the sillage/projection/longevity cannot be faultered.

neutral This fragrance (Le Male) is in the same category as Chergui and Givenchy Pi: baby wipes.

When reviewing a fragrance, it is best to cast aside personal preference and try to rate the fragrance objectively. The cardamom, caraway, and cinnamon add depth and warmth, while the vanilla and tonka bean turn the whole thing into a delicious baked treat. I’m having a tough time picking up on the mint. The lavender adds a masculine nuance, but in the end it’s all about a baby’s rear end.

Here’s the breakdown:
Le Male: baby wipes + spices 3.5/5
Chergui: baby wipes + hay and tobacco 3/5
Pi: baby wipes + baby wipes + vanilla 2/5

neutral Not a bad scent.  Just way to sweet for my meat!
neutral it reminds me of the barber shop which i visited with my dad they used a powder which exactly smelled like this
neutral This is a nice little fragrance, but sadly underwhelming. Top notes are cinnamon, cardamom, with a hint of lavender/ginger. Middle is clean linen. Once dry it is powdery vanilla. Not that the success of a fragrance should be measured by this, but I can't catch the scent 10 minutes after applying it. Occassionally, I will catch the faint vanilla. It wears close to the skin with absolutely no projection or sillage. Starts of well, but loses stamina and complexity almost immediately. I would not purchase this again. 
positive This is certainly powerful for a cedrat-driven scent. I have to say, though, I'm not sure I remember L'Occitane's cedrat EDT being ever so different from CD in its overall composition. Consistent, strong sillage, if that's what you're after. In my view, it's the cedrat note that sets this composition apart from cheaper scents.

It is a little disturbing that it stays fresh for quite this long. I find it linear, unremarkable, but there's something endearing in just how much Mancera has put in for the punters.
positive This is an absolute powerhouse of a fragrance.

Every time I wear it I get noticed and I get comments even so much that one of my work colleagues immediately went out and bought a bottle of this after smelling it on me.

It's bold, smokey, a little fruity at the start, and on me carries quite a medicinal note. It is a little linear after the opening but given how solid a performer it is, I'd simply be nit picking to criticise it for that.

I would't know how close Cedrat Boise is to Aventus because I've never compared the two. Regardless I'd rather have a bottle of this monster performer any day.

Also just an additional note to point out how nice the bottle feels in the hand. Nice solid bottle with a cool feeling metallic cap, all delivered in a nice Montale/Mancera style carry pouch.

Lovely stuff.
positive Very pleasant woodsy lemon - very wearable and versatile but not as interesting as the note listing and hype seem to suggest - I don’t get much of the florals or blackcurrant - I just get more lemony wood in the dry down. It’s still nice though and avoids smelling like a cleaning product (which most lemon scents don’t.) The absence of the fruity florals leave it a bit wanting though to be bottle worthy.
positive Creamy, buttery lemon.

Lasts all day, with 2-3 sprays.

And on my clothes in the mornin'.


Great juice, the wife loves it.  The only gripe would be that it's fairly linear.
positive This has to be the most outrageously misrepresented fragrance I've ever come across.
All the reviews are constantly comparing this to Aventus. It has absolutely NOTHING in common with Aventus. I can understand when people lump other fragrances like Pineapple Vintage, Zara Vibrant Leather, Mont Blanc Explorer etc into the category of Aventus. Those fragrances definitely are in a similar class and share a similar DNA.
However, MCB is a much darker, richer, heavier fragrance that has more in common with Chanel Coromandel and Allure Edition Blanche, than any resemblance to Aventus.
Also, MCB is a leather fragrance. The leather is quite sharp from the start and settles down to a more suede and ambery, woody vanilla in the drydown.

I almost feel guilty for even mentioning Aventus in this review, because these two fragrances shouldn't be appearing in any sort of list together. But sadly, it's so commonly compared to Aventus that I feel that the myth needs to be thoroughly dispelled.
I also feel like this is some sort of test to allow us to more easily identify the hype gallery amongst the community. If you're saying this smells anything like Aventus, I think you need to spend a little more time trying other fragrances and less time reading reviews. I'm not sure what started this thing with drawing parallels to Aventus, but it needs to stop. Was its original formulation more similar? I have no idea, but the one I have is not even in the same category.

This all said. MCB is not a bad fragrance. Just don't expect it to be anything like what all the frag bros harp on about.
I do like Coromandel and Allure Edition Blanche. MCB sits more alongside them. It's not a bright, fresh, open fragrance. It's darker and richer.
positive Quite possibly my most commented on and favoured fragrances. Has a very satisfying opening and this develops into a long-lasting scent of at least five to six hours. An absolute classic of a fragrance and one I go back to, time and again.
positive It doesn't smell like Aventus up until the drydown, but it has more going for it on the top and mid. I'd say Aventus for the day, and Cedrat for night outs. Overall, I like it more than my 16L Aventus.
positive This is a really nice masculine fragrance that gives me similar vibes as Creed Aventus, but isn't a clone of that fragrance in any way really. To my nose, only the opening reminds me of Aventus (and mainly due to the sweet blackcurrent note). The opening is bergamot, blackcurrent, cedarwood, lots of black pepper, and a hint of violet leaf to my nose, making it sweet yet spicy and masculine leaning at the same time. On the drydown though, it goes in the direction of mostly cedarwood with blackcurrent and a bit of bergamot in the background, and doesn't remind me of Aventus at all (no noticeable leather notes). In fact it reminds me of Creed Bois du Portugal and Lalique pour Homme (Lion) due to the prominent and natural smelling cedarwood note, and also a bit like Dior Sauvage.

This is like a power scent. It's a scent you wear to a business meeting or when you want to make a statement or your presence known. "Cedrat Boise" as a name is very appropriate, but I feel it should've been called "Cassis Boise" because the blackcurrent and cedarwood are stars of this show.

Projection is insanely good (2 sprays was almost too much for me and nearly choked me out; 1 spray is all I can do with this fragrance). In fact projection is so strong I'd classify this as a winter scent. While longevity is also insane, projecting strongly for over 8 hours and even through a workout! Overall this is an amazing masculine fresh yet sweet and heavily woody fragrance with absolutely nuclear performance. 

5/5
positive A nice and clean fragrance; lemon with woody undertones. Not as smoky as Aventus, this is more geared towards fruits and woods. The opening is lemon, the mid is lemon supported by fruits, and the dry down is woody. The opening does have that fruity Aventus vibe but I think CB is different and remains its own fragrance from start to finish.
positive An awful lot of noise comes from the online fragrance community across forums, YouTube, and social media, especially from the CISHET male side about how Mancera Cedrat Boise (2011) is the big "Creed Aventus (2010) killer" made to put the house in its place for considerably less. This is absurd, and has righteously caused many Creed sycophants to instantly declare this an enemy/usurper (which is a bit theatrical but not far off), while others whom agree with the declaration think they've earned some modicum of hipster colognoisseur cred by wearing the Mancera over the Creed. Once all the silly High School drama clears and we're left with Cedrat Boise sitting on it's own merits, what we actually have is a fragrance released by a perfumer who is in his own little world (likely from sniffing too much synthetic oud) that is indeed a competitor for the same demographic almost by accident, but actually smells more like higher-quality and more-natural predecessor to Dior Sauvage (2015). Another glaring facet that "dudebros" seem to forget is Cedrat Boise is not a gendered fragrance, and therefore all but unisex without being called such, so folks with feminine chemistry are also meant to try it to see what results can be wielded from wearing it. I do agree that like many Unisex Creeds, Cedrat Boise mostly appeals to masculine tastes, but not by the design of the house of course, since "citrus woody" as its name roughly translates could apply to a number of feminine perfumes. Cedrat Boise is a dry woody scent with a juicy sharp fruity citrus punch on top, and a few key synthetics to shape it out, which is where I get most similarities with it and the designer bomb known as Sauvage.

Mancera Cedrat Boise opens with a brief rush of dry bergamot, followed by Sicilian lemon, and a sweet blackcurrant note which is the biggest comparable facet to Aventus it has. The connection to the later Sauvage is much stronger and almost instant as well; one can surmise that François Demachy of house Dior must have taken huge inspiration from Pierre Montale's work here when he composed Sauvage, especially in the base construction. I can see where the fruity presentation might sniff of Aventus from afar, but a total lack of pineapple (or the ability to tell it apart from blackcurrant) instantly kills all serious likeness between Aventus and Cedrat Boise to me. A touch of dusty white florals and cardamom spice inhabit the middle of Cedrat Boise, while the blackcurrant continues into the heart, joined by a white patchouli note and jasmine hedione. A telltale norlimbanol scratchiness which is milder than Sauvage but close in throbbing tone announces the base, and also distances Cedrat Boise from Aventus even further, both in quality and personality. A white musk and cedar note finish out Cedrat Boise, with hints of leather softened by vanilla and shined up with a sliver of oakmoss bite, whatever quantity is allowed by IFRA these days anyway. Sillage is mild overall, and downright weak for the usual Montale/Mancera composition, but longevity is stellar at 12+ hours assuming you don't become anosmic to the musk or synthetic karmawood. This is a perfect year-rounder generalist through and through for folks digging this vibe, so wear it where you will, and maybe make it a signature if you're a one-scent kind of person. My only complaint is I'd get bored really fast if this was my signature of choice, since this style is all but standardized anymore.

A big weak point to Cedrat Boise if compared directly to Aventus is the scratchy norlimbanol, although not as intense as what is found in the later Sauvage, but still gives Cedrat Boise an obvious synthetic quality which Aventus is much better at hiding with its house ambergris. Secondly, without pineapple or vetiver, the only real link they share is the white floral heart, and that's too brief, but for noses not as finely-honed, I can see where the confusion in telling them apart lies. I also honestly don't think Cedrat Boise was made to be an "Aventus Killer", as marketing anything that way is setting up for failure with critics, who have by and large embraced this juice. Lastly, Cedrat Boise is one of a glut that Pierre Montale churns out yearly for his own houses, precluding any notion of targeting another scent's market, especially considering Aventus was barely even a year old by that point, and not yet the hype monster it would become in the fragrance community. Guys who like Sauvage but find it too sharp, loud, or shrill should really check into Cedrat Boise, and fans of Aventus should add this alongside, as discounters often sell it at designer price points, so you can get it with less risk. Old heads will likely hate Cedrat Boise, but it's almost deserved disappointment if you prefer mossy or animalic masculines and dive into psuedo-synthetic "nouveau-niche" like this without first testing. I am a fan of the fruity sharp citrus synthetic woods style (much to the chagrin of some peers), as for me it's the early 2000's come again, but I'd not recommended this over anything it compares to because Cedrat Boise feels less like a replacement for a popular masculine and more like an alternative to sit alongside them in a larger collection; it's a real off-beat "deep cut" of a creation made more for a collector than somebody with a smaller, more pragmatic wardrobe. Thumbs up! 
positive At first when I got this.... I thought it was OK, however after more wearing, what a gem this really is.

Juicy, fruity, woody. 

In the warm weather this radiates and creates a lovely clean fresh Aura,  a bubble of fresh Citrus and Blackcurrant... Before slowly turning woody. 
For all the Creed fans, yeah it has that vibe, however this is like a distant cousin. More friendly and defo better value for the money. 

Mancera hit it out of the Park again for me. Simply delightful. Gains a lot of notice and liked by most around you when wearing. 

Overall Scent 8.9 - 10
Projection 8.6 - 10
Longevity 8.5 - 10

A good 8hrs on my skin
positive I love this! It's canvas is of Citrus based cleaner used in a Public toilet. Jasmine's vague Petroleum Indol and Contemporary creamed Sandal dances a diddle atop. A green Cedarwood note is countered by a fruity Currant.
Apply lightly and concentrate on the playful dance.

Another Mancera fun fragrance.  
positive So Cedrat Boise it seems will be forever known as the Aventus clone. I think that does it a massive disservice. There are similarities for sure. It was obviously inspired by Aventus. But CB is different. It is much creamier than Aventus. It is certainly fruitier. 

Very nice indeed. 
positive This is Mancera  showing Creed how to do it as far as green woody fragrances are concerned Cedrat Boise is far superior to Aventus. Its more focused, cleaner, fresher, more of masculine edge to it, less 'damp and green'. The difference between walking in a fresh cool sunny meadow versus one that's just been rained in. Or a picture perfectly in focus showing that is what the scents meant to be versus someone who's gone to photoshop. And it's better value for money.
At the other extreme there is always Armaf Club de Nuit which is a budget incredibly accurate clone of Aventus. Mancera however is pure class. 

Fragrance: 4/5
Projection: 4/5
Longevity: 4/5

Stop press: June 2019: Notino are selling 120 ml bottles for £52 including postage. Cheaper than the 60 ml bottles!
positive A quite fruity (kind of apparently berrish and surely lemony) sophisticated creamy sandalwood. There is a quite present lemony/grassy aura (the cedrat vibe) which is musky and floral (definitely classic in effect - some old school or classically appointed sandalwood/jasmine-implementations from Estee Lauder or Mark Buxton jump vaguely on mind). The "sandalwood/jasmine/black currant connection" is surely central. I detect the "Cedrat Boise-effect" but the note of sandalwood (a floral sophisticated musky sandalwood) is equally dominant. Feminine.
positive Strong citrus and the jasmine in the opening. It reminds me of Mr. Balmain but higher quality. The woods and blackcurrent give it a rainy day quality that's nice. It's the best of this type of citrus cedar style I've tried so far. I would probably prefer this to Bois de Cedrat simply for the sillage and longevity. I would also choose this over Mediterraneo Tuscan Cypress. 
positive when first applied,aventus did come to mind. when i smelled my wrist again, the aventus was gone.in an twinkle of an eye, sandalwood stands up in this. cedrat boise has a citrus and woody personality with a discrete vanilla base. lemon,bergamot,sandalwood, cedar, blackcurrant to tone down the citrus, and vanilla....fantastic!!! totally different than aventus, which has a spicey identity. im ready to sign cedrat boise to my starting roster to join my superstars like  aventus.
positive This opens with a rather strong lemon zest, which thankfully dies down rather quickly, but settles in with a sweeter version of lemon, like a meringue.

The fruit dominates, with just a touch of cedar in the background, to me a slight astringent tang, just a hint of a Band-Aid, in no way off-putting.

I really enjoy this.

9/10
positive Just received Cedrat Boise and I must say it is a lovely fragrance! Now, I know I am going to make enemies here so for all of my frienemies who say this is a clone of Aventus, smells like Aventus, resembles Aventus....unfortunately I would have to disagree. This is nothing like Aventus from the beginning to the end. And yes, we are all entitled to our own opinions, and mine says I don't get Aventus at all.

I, too, like landshark321 think there are other fragrances that resemble Aventus and due to all the hype put out there regarding these two (among others) I was intentional about locating the similarities and for me there aren't any. The first fragrance that came to mind was Obsession for men by Calvin Klein....
(If this reminds me of anything that would be the aforementioned. I think this is a newer more modern take on the very manly Obsession if to give a point of reference). 

In a league of it own, Cedrat Boise has a woodsy, gourmand feel to it that is creamy and fresh all at the same time. With the Bergamot, Cedarwood, and a very potent Lemon and Blackcurrant that's clearly and artfully done-I see Cedrat Boise as one having created an ambiance of its own; a stand alone fragrance for anytime, anywhere, with....shut yo mouth!!

There is a certain DRY sweetness that you get as all the notes come together. I will give this a bit more time as I adjust...great fragrance overall!!
positive Cedrat Boise by Mancera has a fruity opening, and then it transforms to something familiar to me: fresh, woody, and a little sweet -- one of my favorite scents back in college -- the first version of Colors for Men by Benetton. Cedrat Boise is a lot better, though, and more modern. A gourmet version of fast-food Colors for Men. 

Wearing just a dab sample, Cedrat Boise's longevity is excellent on my skin, and the projection is moderate at best. If you can afford to purchase a full bottle, I'd say go for it. 
positive For me, it's the sandalwood and jasmine notes that star after the initial, very pleasant citrus opening. I get very good performance from this and it's the type of scent i look forward to wearing when the occasion and mood suits.
After several wears of this, it is definitely a keeper in my collection and if it was a choice between a bottle of this or a bottle of Aventus, it's this.

negative So many citrus woodies these days are so uber synthetic and loud that they tag the wearer as hanging with their old mate Screechmella. Walk down a stairwell wearing one and the scent will linger, leaving the next resident to encounter it thinking that the cleaners have done a particularly thorough job this time. 
Cedrat Boise has that garish volume for sure, but also a few grace notes. First, the powerful citrus  – common with all such perfumes – that comes across as strong detergent is somewhat masked by a riotous fruity mix that makes it easier to live with. Second, the synthetic cedar note has a bit of a sappy and green quality to begin with.  
Unfortunately, the mix also reminds me of the fruitsick hell that is CK’s Escape for Men, an act of  perfume violence guaranteed to make me move away from the wearer quicker than any threat of physical harm. It has that same nauseating, highly chemical, watery persistence, common to so many of these bro-juices, that it makes me think I must be an utter snob to feel such visceral revulsion. Perfumes of this ilk are garlic to my inner vampire. You’re safe bro, you really are – go (preferably very, very far away) in peace.

negative Cedrat Boise smells synthetic to me. Sometimes that's not a bad thing, but in the case of Cedrat Boise, it's distracting to me. I couldn't disagree more with the thought that this smells like Aventus. It's nothing like Aventus to me. In fact, this isn't even in the same time continuum as far as enjoyment goes with Aventus, at least for me. Cedrat Boise's wood notes smell more like Cashmeran than cedar or sandalwood to me. The citrus also smells like white musk with hints of citrus. I do get a dash of jasmine in the opening. Wish I could smell the blackcurrant, but the dry down is all about synthetic woods to my nose. I love my new bottle of Red Tobacco by Mancera, but Cedrat Boise is a miss for me. 

neutral Opens with a tropical fruitiness which is a combination of smooth sweetened lemon and bergamot sharpened with a spritz of blackcurrant. I can see how this accord is reminiscent of pineapple, but for the Aventus lovers out there, it isn’t obviously pineapple and there is no smokiness whatsoever. It then has white florals as a bridge to the smooth woody/musk base.

Too be honest... despite already getting compliments on it... it’s not really my thing. I feel like I have betrayed the niche gods by dabbling in the dark designer arts.

Recommended for niche lovers looking for something more designer, generic leaning and socially acceptable, when Muscs Koublai Khan or Fumerie Turque isn’t appropriate.
neutral Odd that I just happened to review Aventus today as well, as it was completely unplanned and next in my rotation to review. Serendipitous!

Spicy citrus-cedar-the bergamont comes through, as does the lemon. The lemon does smell very synthetic to my tastes. Unlike Aventus, which smells very natural throughout, this has a strong artificial element to it which I, unfortunately, do not care for. There is little sweetness here: almost undetectable currant that is very faint. I don't find that this projects anymore than Aventus, nor do I find it any more long lasting: very similar in their duration and action.  I'm not sure I'd say I care for one more than the other: would I trade a synthetic lemon-cedar scent with a woody base to town down the sweetness, or a cloyingly sweet but natural smoky pineapple fragrance? Either way, I find them both above average. Although they may be used for similar situations, they are different scents altogether.

Linear, perfectly acceptable summer fragrance that is probably (definitely) more expensive than it should be. Very forgettable, but not something you'll regret wearing.

6/10




neutral It starts with a pungent blast of fruity pebbles as opposed to the pineapple, apple, and bergamot.  Aventus birch is traded for an application of cedar, becoming a bit more astringent than smoky.  Lasts a bit longer than its competition.  To me, this gives the same impression as Aventus.  I could see using them interchangeably, in similar situations.  But, it is a different scent altogether, and not a clone.  
neutral Fruity, woody, musky. 

Cedrat Boise is a fresh fruity fragrance, with the emphasis on fruits. It's a basket of fruits, and you can sense lemon, pineapple and blackcurrant, while there is only a hint of florals. The fruits are supported by a conventional woody note that smells of cedar, and hints of musk. It is not leathery to me, and is quite linear from start to finish. I find that here the fruity notes together with musk create a strange accord, somewhat synthetic, that I do not quite like. I usually don't enjoy fruity fragrances, but this is well balanced. 

This is often compared to Aventus, but Aventus has more prominent pineapple, and is distinctly smokier and leathery. Cedrat Boise has none of those attributes. Compared to Aventus, Cedrat Boise has persistent noticeable projection, good sillage and lasts more on skin. However, in this style my clear favourite is Morning Chess by Vilhelm Parfumerie. The fruity aspect of Cedrat Boise also reminds me a bit of Minotaure.

Overall a nice but unremarkable fresh fruity-woody composition with mainstream appeal. 

2.5/5 
neutral My Mancera sample must be off because I get a very smoky Aventus vibe from Cedrat Boise. It actually reminds me of Glenn Peri Unpredictable Adventure. I still get plenty of lemony-fruits in the top notes but it’s all very smoky. This lasts for about 4-5 hours.  Later, it’s a creamy, sweet woods scent. Something in it reminded me of the drydown in F Black. My sample must be off. 

Projection is pretty good while the top notes are still going. The whole thing lasts about 8-9 hours on me. 

Update: Own a full bottle now and this is much more fresh and pleasing. The opening isn’t as smokey as I remember but it’s still a little smokey, dry and sharp. The drydown is a very pleasant and attractive clean, woody, masculine scent that has me repeatedly smelling where I sprayed on my arm because I just don’t remember it smelling this clean and fresh. Still very good performance even with only a couple sprays, which may be the key to making this so fresh and clean. 
neutral Strikes me as reasonably different from Aventus / CDNI but similarly fruity; the blackberry I suppose, its sweetness not overdone. The opening is all about lemon. The drydown lacks the birchy interest of Aventus / CDNI. I'll stick with CDNI.
neutral A little fruity, sweet and creamy (I guess from some vanilla). I get almost an orange cream pop vibe or something from it. 
positive Vanilla-infused turpentine.  Musty, moldy antique wood furniture.  I like it...  I'd say this is a rather dark, woody vanilla, bordering on boozy at times.  This house rarely impresses me.  I find their fragrances rather mainstream, pedestrian, or boring.  This one, intrigues me.

Wooden vanilla fades into a creamy, almost ice cream flavor later on, with sprinkles of pencil shavings.  Ha!  An unusual vanilla scent for sure...
positive This is lovely. My association with vanilla is that it's usually sweet and gourmand, but this is darker, more like smelling an actual vanilla bean, maybe with some dark rum. Subtle, not intense. If it didn't sound so cheesy, maybe it would be called "Vanille Noir."
positive 

Peppery, citrusy, woody vanilla. A tempered yet perceptible vanilla note of good quality thats not cloying or overly saccharine; woven in with a diverse set of citrus, vetiver and oakmoss notes. Well blended, very versatile and one of the best "dry" and "easy to wear" vanilla fragrances alongside Creeds' Sublime Vanille (which has a more upfront vanilla presentation). 

A vanilla fragrance good enough to convert a vanilla-denier. 


positive Excellent no frills vanilla, can be worn by both men and women, however I would love to smell this on a guy. Your not going to get the gourmand baking vanilla so prominent in other vanilla heavy perfumes. Excellent oak moss and vetiver notes, woody undertones.  
positive Vanilla is a scent I often struggle with, particularly boozy vanillas or anything with even a vaguely cupcakey accord. This is dry, which seems to be a far less common presentation - certainly vanilla isn't something I particularly associate with the cologne genre. As others have said, Insensee means 'insane', rather than 'incense', although I don't find madness or excess in this at all - if anything, it smells rather introverted in character, despite having decent projection; lasts well too, being a Cologne Absolue. I loved it at first sniff and, from the fact that my first sniff was from an amber-coloured, rather ancient-looking sample, I can tell you that it ages well, getting deeper and a little warmer.
It opens with a full and vibrant lime, a juicy opening for a scent which dries down papery, dusty and (as ClaireV so insightfully pointed out) with something of the Communion wafer about it. Maybe it's the lapsed Catholic in me that loves this, maybe it's the bookworm...
It works well as a base under herbal freshies, too - a great way to transition them between seasons. I definitely get a spike of vetiver in the drydown, to my nose it shows as an earthiniess below the papery accord.


Also, am I the only who just loves the Atelier bottles? Like pebbles, there's something really comforting about them in the hand - just the right weight and those rounded corners are lovely.
positive One spray of this and I was reminded of a Bruno Acampora oil (Vanyl) which foxed me a couple of months ago as I felt it was a 'green' vanilla in the sense of not sweet. Just read Kotori's review of Vanille Insensée here and she mentions that it smells like the pods rather than baked goods made with vanilla - that is spot on! I had become so used to vanilla being sweet and body lotionish that I'd completely lost the association with the real thing. So VI is a cool rather than cozy vanilla, and I like it. A couple of hours later, it's humming along and exuding a feeling of calm and wellbeing (not cookie scented at all!).
Although it's not something I'd rush out to get for myself, I'm very happy to try it and if I ever wanted a vanilla of this type it'd definitely be a contender.
positive Ahhh... it makes a lot of sense to know Ralf Schwieger created this one. The style reminds me of Fils de Dieu or the Merveilles line. "Insane Vanilla" is a vanilla-dominant cologne (as in eau de) with a contrasting orange peel note and some supporting jasmine, moss, and woods. The jasmine blends well and whispers softly, never once attempting to overthrow the vanilla. It is a cold vanilla, based on the pod, not the extractor any baked goods featuring it. In the sense of coldness and darkness, it resembles Eau Duelle EDT by Diptyque, though not in the actual notes (other than the pod-based vanilla). This is one of my favorite ever vanillas, which I've learned after a two-year long vanilla quest. Very intelligently composed and modern.
positive Very nice vanilla that has that old book smell (Not a bad thing). It does have that Memoirs of a Trespasser vibe.
positive Vanille Insensee by Atelier Cologne is one of the only three vanilla-centered fragrances that I would consider adding to my collection. The list also includes Salimar EDC and L de Lolita Lempicka (sadly discontinued). Lately, it seems like half the beauty and bath products on the market are laced with vanilla, and I can see why—it is universal, comforting, and not “perfume-y”. On the other hand, if I am going to burn a hole in my wallet and purchase a fragrance, I except something more than vanilla extract. Vanille Insensee reminds me of a vintage perfume that developed for several hours on the skin. The top notes are long gone and only a hint of floral accord remains. What is left is a gently humming benzoin-laden vanilla with a dose of subdued “oakmoss”, a touch of vetiver, and airbrushed musk. That being said, VI is far from vintage with its burnt sugar turned up full blast and the civet strategically omitted. Even the moss accord has been declawed and given a bath. 

VI is very approachable, yet it provides the wearer with something more than vanilla scented body lotion. My favorite part is the freshly cut hay accord that is screaming for help under the pile of sugar and moss/musk.

4/5

positive UMMM - Vanille Insensee - a favourite from the house. Sampled over 2 consecutive days, and it has bowled me over both days! The note list doesn't make much sense as I don't really get corriander, lime, vetiver or oakmoss. What I get is a fantastically intoxicating vanilla with a citrussy-floral orange blossom type note, this juxtasposition created a 3-dimensional scent with lots of shadows, brighter areas and hidden corners.

The Vanilla is clearly the star of the show. This is a straight-up vanilla scent. It is a lot like opening a tube of raw black sticky vanilla pods and giving it a good sniff - quite a multifaceted smell, a little dark, a little smokey, slightly powdery, even boozy with a kind of burnt-sugar and plastic that raw vanilla can give , thankfully not over-sweet. The supporting notes keep the mind engaged. One of the best vanilla interpretations I've come across. Probably slightly feminine leaning, but distinct enough for a man to carry off. I got a similar vanilla from Lush Vanillary but that one went a bit too cup-cake, this one is more like a light dusting of vanilla infused icing sugar: quite airy, light and transparent. Above all a sensual-romantic classy scent: reminding us that - when fully ripe - natures vegetation can be just as seductive as animalic displays!

Overall 82/100. Somehow not doing so well on other reviews, but I'll trust my nose here.Closer to the very best vanillas (Guerlains, Mona di Orio etc) than designer efforts. The real magic is in the first hour, then it may resemble a refined Le Male given an unlimited budget. I'd be delighted to have this smell associated with me.
positive Atelier Cologne Vanille Insensee is a creamy vanilla, somewhat gourmand-like, drawing from many different concepts: woody, smoky, and definitely floral.

I didn't get too much citrus in the opening, despite the note listing.  The experience started mainly with the vanilla itself, which didn't wait for the dry down.  Similarly, I account for the amber's presence throughout the life of the fragrance due to the creaminess of the vanilla.  The oak stands in the background throughout, anchoring the fragrance with a dryness that doesn't let it become a fleeting floral nor an overly cake-like gourmand.

To compare to other vanilla-focused fragrances, Vanille Insensee contains some of the booze of Perry Ellis Oud Black Vanilla Absolute, some of the florals of Dame Perfumery Blak Floral, and the darkness of Imaginary Authors Memoirs of a Trespasser, perhaps the insensee (incense?) reminding me of the prominent myrrh note in MOAT.

Now I'm not sure Vanille Insensee is as good as of these fragrances since it doesn't really commit to any one direction all that much, but that might make it all the more agreeable among vanilla lovers and non-lovers alike, the latter since it's relatively easy to wear.

On performance, Vanille Insensee projects more and lasts longer than most of its Atelier Cologne freshie brethren, so it definitely feels more valuable, and at an unusual steal at FragranceX for only $84 for 100ml.

Usage-wise, men and women alike can use this throughout the year.  I imagine it can remain under control in warm weather but not disappear in cold weather either, so I'd speculatively regard this is a solid year-round option.  Not my favorite vanilla but one I might consider adding.

8 out of 10
positive I'm really starting to enjoy Atelier Cologne's fragrances.  They all seem to be slow burners:  I'll spray one on, then think "Hmm, not much to that," and then about an hour later I'll notice a really nice, beautifully balanced fragrance emanating from about an inch from my skin.  Vanilla Insensée is no exception.  It starts as a sweetish vanilla with a lick of lemony jasmine, and then it ends in a light, woody bit of pie-spice.  Quite a polite vanilla, really, in a world full of bombshells, beasts, and layer cakes--but not prim or shy. 
positive Light, refreshing Vanilla...

This is a vanilla that is in keeping with the spirit and direction of Atelier Cologne in that it is an eau de cologne with a vanilla aspect to it. That means that it is not a perfume with a heavy vanilla note. Instead it is one which is surrounded with citrus notes.

The lime and oakwood are the main notes, along with the vanilla, are what make this. I also detect the citron backing up the lime, and the subtle jasmine, giving a dirty quality to the mix.

I think this is a vanilla for people who don't like vanilla in perfumes. A very wearable vanilla for men and a unique, refreshing choice for women. Not bad at all!
positive Nevermind the insanity of the name, this is a pleasantly luminous vanilla-inspired scent with a fraction of the richness associated with the bean and none of the heft. A hint of spice, a touch of floral and a toasty paper-like crispness come together for a surprisingly interesting take on the genre. 

Vanille Insensée smells to me like an improved albeit sweeter version of DSquared Rocky Mountain Wood with its warm floral incense vibes. Performance may vary with individuals but I can't personally fault its sillage nor projection as I find them excellent.
positive vanille edcNon-cuddly vanilla.  More woody than spicy or dessert-like. Papery, actually.  Citrus notes at the top tell you that the vanilla won't be either warm or sweet.  Ambery and smoky notes are accents rather than dominant notes and let the vanilla keep its crisp edge.  The Atelier line purports to reinvent the cologne genre. Without much sillage, strength or endurance Vanille Insensee doesn't step far out of the range of dynamics of the eau de cologne, but the composition certainly isn't the classic citrus edc. It has similarities to l'Artisan Parfumeur Vanille Havane, Serge Lutens Bois de Vanille and Parfums de Nicolai Vanille Intense. Atelier's vanilla shares the coolness of the other vanillas, but is airier, less radiant and more matte. It's the unlikely goldilocks between the contemporary woody vanilla and the classic eau de cologne and a successful refashioning of the edc genre. 
positive Like raw vanilla bean and spice. Haven't tried it alone, but it pairs beautifully with LaVanilla "Pure Vanilla," which has some patchouli in it. Together, they're as satisfying as a hot cup of fresh black coffee.
positive l get a refreshing, woody-citrus opening, & then l smell a lot of white musk along with a whiff of jasmine. lt takes a few minutes for the vanilla to appear, & it's not candy-sweet at all, but dry, & laced heavily with amber. The amber becomes more & more dominant over the next few hours, & the base has a warm, woody, slightly honeyed feel. 
l would say this fragrance is far more about amber than vanilla, so if you're looking for a straight-up vanilla, this isn't it. lt is a very nice fragrance though, & the sillage & longevity are good, this being labelled as a "cologne absolu". l think this is supposed to mean a "perfume-strength cologne", although l don't know why they don't just call it an EDP...

negative A thoroughly cheap-smelling synthetic vanilla mixed with some smokiness; it's both bland and off-putting. 

I'm inclined to be especially harsh here because of the absurd and disgraceful pricing. This is transparently cheap, nasty stuff being sold at entry-level niche pricing.
negative Just another cheap little vanilla.  It's that dumb marshmallow frosting vanilla, with isobutavan added for a hint of nuts and creme soda, and a touch of boozy immortelle that's trying its best to class things up but fails.

Right now, in any town in America, you could go to Ross or TJ Maxx and find a candle or a room spray that smells like this for less than $5.  This is the dictionary definition of what "cheap" smells like.

neutral Whilst I am the vanilla pretty much straight form the opening blast, this turns out to be different from the usual sweet, rich and strong gourmand-style vanilla.       

This vanilla is paired with a bitter lime, which gives the vanilla more brightness and a nigh-fresh character.  There is also a persistent metallic-like undertone that I get throughout the development of this composition.  

In the heart notes a fairly nonspecific woodsiness arises, and touches of cardamom and coriander add gently spiciness from time to time.  

The base adds little new on me, except an amber impression of muted shrillness.  The vanilla is still lingering on until the end, although the citrus element has more or less evaporated by now.  

I get moderate sillage, adequate projection and an excellent ten hours of longevity on my skin.  

This scent for warmer autumn day is based on a pared-down slim, bright and cool vanilla, an anti-vanilla as far the the traditional sweet gourmand versions go.  The mighty drawback is it’s egregiously synthetic and generic nature - maybe to an extent that it is insensée indeed.  A somewhat mundane vanilla, which might of interest to people who dislike the usual heavy vanillas.  2.75/5.  
neutral This is a vanilla cologne for the warmer weather. Vanilla perfumes are usually heavy and sweet and more suitable for colder months, but Atelier manages to produce a blend for the warmer months. The citrus and woody notes surround the center staged creamy vanilla. It is a light gourmand, like a fresh chilled vanilla cream desert. It's moderately sweet, mostly linear and with medium performance.
neutral Vanille Insensée is a light and spicy vanilla that leans towards green freshness, unusual for a vanilla fragrance. The drydown becomes less green and fresh, more of the spice and vanilla.

Projection is very good.
neutral Oh, i was so happy to finally try this one... it sounded like an interesting vanilla. And then, the disappointment. It smells like Demeter! A lot of alcohol and the same "backscent". I think my mind's tricking me into this because of the coriander. It's quite weak but long-lasting. Try Eau de l’Angelus for something similar but much more qualitative, cheaper and potent. I get many compliments with it.
neutral  If you want to smell like singed, buttered tonka this stuff will knock you out. The quieter dimensions at work (especially the moss) keep things in check as best they can, but it's a tough sell to make a truly interesting vanilla-centered fragrance. Not at all a bad scent, overall. Fans of VI looking for a little more dimension may have some fun looking for old samples of Scott McClintock. 
neutral This soft-spoken offering from the typically soft-spoken house of Atelier Cologne made me eat the following words, which I've repeated many times:

"I've never smelled anything similar to any of Imaginary Authors line."

Well, now I have.  Vanille Insensée is not as unique overall as Memoirs of a Trespasser is, but the dry and mellow vanilla smells as if it comes from the exact same aroma chemical.  Honestly, the whole thing smells a lot like MoaT.

As for what I smell, it opens with the signature citrus/bergamot opening that Atelier is so fond of.  The same opening that I can barely detect. About 10 minutes in, I get the type of vanilla I mentioned earlier (dry, mellow) with some nice green/watery notes (not aquatic, though) that come forward as it develops.  There is a nondescript floral note that I can't put my finger on, but I don't get any jasmine.  It settles down into a woody, dry vanilla base.

This a vanilla I can wear.  It's not sicky sweet at all and  like MoaT, comes across as gender-less.

Like almost everything I've tried from Atelier Cologne (I bought sample set of the entire line) this is pleasant and unlikely to offend.  It doesn't particularly wow me though, and neither does Memoirs of a Trespasser, for reference.

Kind of strange that the name contains the word "Insensée" because I detect no incense here.  Although, when I type it into Google Translate, it comes up as "senseless".  So harsh Google!  It's not that bad.
neutral The opening of this fragrance is a very light and transparent semi sweet vanilla smell with the whisper of citruses mix with it.
The vanilla note smell like vanilla ice cream but it's very transparent with small amount of sweetness.
Projection is crap at the start and you can barely smell the scent.
A few minutes later suddenly the fragrance start to warm up and get stronger and sweeter and at the same time some floral notes came in.
The note breakdown says jasmine, but I can clearly smell rose beside warm and sweet vanilla not jasmine.
This combination smell sensual and interesting but it's quite feminine.
In the base some woods joined in and this is where you will find this fragrance almost unisex.
The base is a warm, sweet and sensual vanilla and rose combo with some woods in the background that give the scent a little smoky and dark masculine feeling which is very nice but still much more feminine than masculine.
Projection was terrible at the start and it's stronger and better in the mid and base but still average.
Longevity is good and it's around 8 hours which surprised me because of that mediocre to weak projection.
neutral Metallic vanilla?

Opens with a musky citrus, which smells quite synthetic, although the vanilla is present from the start. After around 30 minutes I get a really weird metallic smell, which persists throughout although becomes less noticeable with time.

Every now and again I get a delicious wisp of vanilla, but on the whole the sillage isn't great on me and it feels like I'm sniffing vanilla through a veil. I don't get the jasmine at all, but rather a clean, musky drydown that seems a little at odds with the promised vanilla.

Might be good for those who want a dryer, lighter vanilla, but this is not potent or rich enough for me. Hats off to Atelier Cologne for selling 7.5 ml samples, however!
neutral Vanilla and a Paperback book....Ok, it sounds weird, but this hits me as a strong dose of vanilla bean, and a supporting note that smells like a hot dry paperback book.  It must be the oak and coriander mix, smells kind of like pepper (not listed as a note).  Despite this, there is nothing special about it in  my opinion.
neutral Dry Vanilla When I was in the shop I made the mistake of assuming "Insensée" referred to incense (the French for incense is encens). Vanilla incense cologne sounded like a great idea. But, actually, the proper translation of "Insensée" would be "crazy" or "insane." Is "Insane Vanilla" a fitting title? For me not so much. 3 stars for quality. Although I'm not a fan of the scent, I can tell it's high quality.  Aroma: Even though Atelier Cologne advertises vanilla from Madagascar in the formula, I don't get the richness that implies. To me the vanilla note comes off rather flat. It reminds me of the synthetic vanilla the casinos pump into the air in Las Vegas to mask the stink of cigarettes. I get a subtle impression of the wood and oakmoss, but it's overwhelmed by white musk. Atelier cologne doesn't call out a musk note in their copy but it's definitely there. The overall impression I get is dry vanilla. I bought the travel spray on impulse along with some other Atelier Cologne fragrances and I'm glad I didn't get a bigger bottle. I'm going to use this for layering I think, but...  Projection, Sillage and Longevity: I find Vanille Insensée to have rather powerful projection and strong sillage. I layered with Ambre Nue and this one completely overwhelmed the other. I wore a little only on my wrists and even wearing a jacket that covered by arms I could smell Vanille Insensée quite clearly. It's been about 9 hours now that I'm wearing it and the scent is still making its way to my nose.  Value: I appreciate that Vanille Insensée is available in a .25 oz. travel spray. Like all Atelier Cologne fragrances, the big bottle is a great value at less than $1 per ml.. Vanille Insensée is also quite strong and a little will go a long way.Pros: Strong projection, sillage and longevityCons: Flat, overly strong
neutral It's funny that I'm seeing the scent pyramid and that Vanille Insensée has all of these notes, because when I was smelling it at the Atelier store, all I really smelled was vanilla bean.  It's not bad, in fact it's smoother than the pure vanilla madness of Love by Kilian.  But honestly, it's not too original and it doesn't really waver from that one note.  
positive Tried sample of Eau de Toilette in small set; nice longevity and hints of wonderful scents and notes that don't QUITE reach fruition.  Definitely going to try as EDP.
positive Until today I have never owned Shalimar, the pillar perfume. I've tried it, hundreds of times, always the EDP and decided it wasn't for me. I own Parfum Initial, L'Eau, Eau de Shalimar, Batwing Shalimar Cologne and the 2015 version Cologne. My favourite is Cologne 2015 and I ordered what I thought might be a replacement bottle that was headed EDT/Cologne. Yes, I thought, that's it, Shalimar Cologne 2015 at EDT strength. It was the EDT that arrived. I had factored that in as an eventuality and I sprayed it on, layered with a bit of the Batwing bottle Eau de Cologne (made for the U.S. market in the U.S.A) and it's very nice, I will use it, but I love the Cologne 2015 as it is closest to Shalimar Eau Legere (DISC) Are we all sufficiently confused now? I haven't even mentioned the Madagascar or the Mexique. There is no escape from Shalimar.
positive Shalimar is the crown jewel in the Guerlain catalog, the scent that came to define the house and it's use of the "Guerlinade" compound note which found its way into almost all of perfumer Jacques Guerlain's compositions, plus a great many of Jean-Paul Guerlain's as well. Shalimar was named after a garden in Lahore made for Mumtaz Mahal, the same woman for whom the Taj Mahal was also built. The creation of Shalimar was near-accidental too, as perfumer Jacques Guerlain discovered its primary accord by pouring a bottle of ethylvanillin into a bottle of Jicky (1889), the seminal fougère that was originally composed by his uncle Aimé Guerlain, building a fragrance upon another fragrance as Jacques Guerlain was known to do. Therefore like Jicky, Shalimar is technically a fougère as well, since it is built up from that fragrance's structure, but it contains a great many more oriental elements to it, and is thus often associated with the oriental category. If Jicky was the unintentional gender bender progenitor that was loved by a great many men alongside women, and Mouchoir de Monsieur (1904) the masculine-targeted shade thereof, then Shalimar is the rounder and more-luxurious advancement of that primary accord pitched to women during the roaring 20's. The scent was originally released in 1921 alongside Chanel No. 5 (1921), and proved to be the strongest competition that iconic perfume had, but went under a numerical designation just as the Chanel did until 1925, because the name "Shalimar" was being contested by another perfumer who claimed to have already used it. When known as "No. 90", the perfume made waves, but it wasn't until it's widespread 1925 release as Shalimar that the legend was born. The overall smell of Shalimar isn't much removed from Jicky, and indeed many of the great oriental and fougère-like compositions made under the hands of Jacques Guerlain share similar traits, not only because of his "fragrance upon another fragrance" crafting or the "Guerlinade" house accord he perfected, but also because it's the style he seemingly preferred. L'Heure Blue (1912), Mitsouko (1919), and Shalimar all have multiple levels of this intertextuality with each other and previous Guerlain efforts from which Jacques drew his inspiration; that was just part of of his unique creative process.

What makes Shalimar stand out from all it's siblings is its plushness, its fullness, the radiance of its notes, which can be a bit much to take for some people. The scent opens with lavender, bergamot, and mandarin, but switches out Jicky's rosewood for aldehydes and herbal rosemary, which makes for the resplendence of Shalimar's opening. This change doesn't make as much difference to the overall character of the perfume as the addition of an actual heart structure to Shalimar, which Jicky sorely lacked. That scent moves from its barbershop opening into a hellish moat of animalic and heady base notes, with only a floral heart inferred by the flip-flop transition between top to bottom. Jacques Guerlain likely wasn't happy with the "presto-chango" suddenness of uncle Aimé's composition, because instead, we go down to the base notes in stages with Shalimar, more like a traditional perfume. Jasmine, rose, patchouli, and vetiver stand vividly in the heart of Shalimar more than they did in the trap door dry down of Jicky, and are joined by a poofy iris note which also replaces the orris of Jicky and helps Shalimar feel a bit more feminine, which was the aim anyway. The tell-tale vanilla note anchoring the accidental discovery that is this perfume's primary accord shows up halfway, bringing in the rest of the Jicky base with new additions of opoponax and peru basalm. Shalimar tries to be a little more polite with its use of animalics, taking musk in place of styrax, and toning down the civet and ambergris just a touch so the other heart notes of tonka, leather, sandalwood, and oakmoss can be felt. I don't get the cinnamon spice or incense notes of Jicky in Shalimar either, and the blending is much smoother, making any note separation a real reach (translation, lots of sniffing to find), which is another master stroke of Jacques himself. Taken on its own merit without comparing it to compositions with which it shares most of its notes, Shalimar is an unusual vanillic oriental fougère-like fragrance that sat right with women in the early 20th century, particularly flappers that liked it's dynamism made possible by rich semi-indolic underpinnings, lady-like aldehydic florals, and oriental smoothness. Wear time varies greatly on concentration, as Shalimar was made in many forms, but a median figure across all iterations is a solid 8 hours of moderate sillage. Something this illustrious isn't a casual wear, regardless of context, so make sure you don't glow like a diesel hot plug by your choice of Shalimar on a casual game night. 

All told, Shalimar is still mostly retained by women as the matriarch of grand perfumes, with only the aforementioned Chanel No. 5 to really contest this claim, but guys can totally wear Shalimar too, as the primary accord is rather unisex, but with a slightly heavier dose of "Guerlinade" than usual pushing the smell to be uncomfortably makeup-like if you're a jock type. Still, dandies in France famously have worn Shalimar for years, and if Jicky didn't scare you, I doubt this will either. The reason for the stigma against men wearing Shalimar, like most things in the fragrance world, comes down to marketing. Guerlain had mostly given up on pitching Jicky to women even after making Mouchoir de Monsieur as a manlier substitute, but they stuck to their guns with Shalimar, keeping it in the company of Mitsouko and L'Heure Bleu as sort of the "big 3" feminines from the house, creating something of a marketing barrier. Then Jean-Paul Guerlain went off and made the chypre Habit Rouge (1965) with grandfather Jacques' "Guerlinade" in the mix, perhaps moving male interest further away from Shalimar in the process, but that hasn't stopped perfume hobbyists or open-minded guys with a bit of gender fluidity from enjoying it. Bottom line here is if you like old floral barbershop smells, vanillic orientals, and anything with a clean, plush, soapy smell up top, but a substantially musky animalic backbone, you'd enjoy Shalimar regardless of what is between your legs. Since this perfume has inspired so many others high and low, you've likely already bought something descended from it anyway and didn't know. Parfum extrait and eau de parfum are going to be the heaviest take with the most complex dry downs. More vanilla, oakmoss, sandalwood, and musk is present to my nose in the extrait, and the top fades fastest. I find folks enjoying the animalic qualities of Shalimar best suited to the eau de toilette, which seems to let the floral heart and civet in the base breath more freely, at the cost of some development. The folks who want the fougère elements to ring truest are better off with the eau de cologne, since it showcases the lavender and bergamot strongest, then crisply segues through the floral heart and lays upon a drier version of the base that sees the vanilla, civet, and leather turned down in favor of the tonka, oakmoss, and ambergris. Regardless of which version you get, they're all thumbs up from me. Shalimar is a pièce de résistance solidifying Guerlain as one of the greatest perfume houses of all time, and you know I rarely speak in such lofty terms.
positive I think of Shalimar as the more elegant and refined version of Jicky.

It is a signature worthy fragrance that can easily be worn by men. Get it while it’s still readily available. 

Only caveat, it takes time to understand and appreciate Shalimar, vintage Shalimar makes this process easier.
positive Shalimar is one of the most famous perfumes of French house Guerlain and one of my all time favorites. If you want to be clinical about it, the perfume was created in 1925 by Jacques Guerlain, in time when the “scent of Orient” began spreading through Western Europe. It touched everything, from fashion, art, music…to perfumes. Jacques Guerlain was experimenting with a brand new substance, synthetic vanilla (etylvanilin) and mixed it with different perfume basis. He was happy with the results but when he mixed vanilla and Jicky…magic happened. The spirit of Shalimar was freed from the bottle.

Perfume and its name haven’t stopped intriguing our senses and imagination; its effect breaks social taboos. Respectable ladies of the time shouldn’t consummate cigarettes, dance tango… and wear Shalimar. They of course did all that in secrecy. There isn’t a force strong enough to stop the passion and erotic yearning for life embodied in Shalimar, whose name in Sanskrit means “temple of love.” Legendary garden where Emperor Shah Jahan and Mumtaz Mahal celebrated their love. After Mumtaz’s death, inconsolable emperor built Taj Mahal in honor of his favorite wife. Like Taj Mahal, Shalimar is a monument and part of perfume history. It is the first oriental perfume history knows. But that is not the most important thing…because the story of Shalimar has no beginning or end. It is a story of the essence of human desire, the sweet moments of bliss unknown to history but older than time.

It could have been created in ancient Egypt where its lush, intoxicating nature would spark forbidden love between Cleopatra and Marc Antony. Homeland of Shalimar could have been mysterious and magical Arabia because it told more than 1001 tales. I can easily imagine Madame Pompadour wearing it and knocking the entire Louis XV’s court of their feet with her beauty, charm and seductive silage. I can even see, with my inner vision, a beautiful creature inhabiting Earth thousands of years from now, smelling like Shalimar and through synthetic explosion in its highly developed brain soaking freely all the beauty of being on this planet and tasting its sensual fruits skillfully captured in a small bottle of perfume. As poet John Keats said: “A thing of beauty is a joy for ever, Its loveliness increases, it will never pass into nothingness.” If that is the case, isn’t it beautiful?
positive Think Mae West and Sophia Loren and Rita Hayworth all rolled into one. Pure and utterly rich plushness and rounded, generous bosoms and a warm, talcum-ed girdle. The grande dame of all perfume-land and one of the few scents that I love, but cannot wear. She is truly beautiful and utterly seductive...so much so that I feel as if I am wearing a satin negligee and pink feather boa whenever I put her on. She is more of a woman than I ever could be and almost too hot to handle, so I smell her from a distance and enjoy her all the more that way. 

The scent for which the term va-va-voom was invented.
positive One of the greatest scents in modern history.  I've always owned this and always shall.  My nose memory cannot tell the difference between vintage and modern.  Nor, does it care.  Not a scent for the timid.  Deep, rich, velvety, and assertive...
positive I’m so glad I have this beauty in my stable finally!  I’ve flirted with Shalimar for a long time, and really wanted to get it, and then by some major luck I was able to pick up a nice big bottle for an astonishingly good price, so I went for it.  But really, what more can I say about this that hasn’t been said before?  It’s a beautiful scent and I can understand why so many people love it.  The sillage and longevity of this is amazing – I could still smell this after eight hours, and it’s one of those scents that seems to bloom if you get a bit warm.  This is one of the few perfumes I have that has elicited an unprompted “oh, you smell nice!” from my husband.  Normally I have to shove my arm under his nose and ask him to smell it before I’ll get a comment.  Reading through the reviews, I’m amazed at how this perfume reacts with different people – some get leather, some get incense, some get spice, some get lemon.  Each time I wear this, it is different.  The first time I wore it, it was all soft powder with a touch of citrus.  The next time, I got a big burst of citrus at the start, with a hint of leather, before it mellowed into a beautiful, soft, creamy powdery vanilla.  The time after that, it was all powder and cream and vanilla, straight away.  Shalimar smells sexy and very, very classy but at the same time, there is also something very comforting and approachable about it.  It’s like you’re at a fancy party, and you see a stunningly beautiful, beautifully dressed, elegant woman – at first glance, she appears aloof, and you’re not sure if you should approach her.  So you stay away, and instead she approaches you and flings her arms around you and greets you like a long-lost friend, and she’s so warm and friendly and welcoming that you wonder why you stayed away.  I love it.  
positive Top notes attractive notes with the freshness of the citrus flavor (especially the notes of Bergamot). The colors from the floral notes give the overall scent of perfume a special, full of smooth continuous drainage with the presence of iris, jasmine and roses. Creamy soft vanilla seductive, combined with the scent of iris hard to resist, all around flavor and aroma of a food pharmaceutical warm tonka bean, all blended into a unified whole top from which no language can describe.

Queen of the oriental flavor, fragrance Shalimar is a feminine, attractive and timeless for perfume. Perfume scent sexy and smooth screen with sweet vanilla flavor warm embrace of incense and amber. Elegance and persistence, the seductive appeal of Shalimar contained.

Timeless oriental fragrance full of charm and mystery for the girls. Beautiful bottle design and meaningful. Exotic fluidity is also the strength of fragrance. 
positive This 1950s Shalimar Eau de Cologne is a nice, sweet vanilla and tonka perfume, stronger than my 1980s Habit Rouge Eau de Cologne, but bearing a strong resemblance.
positive Sharp bergamot and powder on the opening, a little soapy. Rose and jasmine full in your face, drying beautifully through amber and creamy sandalwood. Tonka, opopanax and leather underneath.
The first 20 minutes are gorgeous - I have my nose to my wrist every 60 seconds so as to not miss a turn in the development.
Although the opopanax powder is quite heady at first - I found it be an acquired taste, actually - it is soon balanced by the incense spice. Later, it settles down into that lovely soft, warm vanilla and tonka base, kept from becoming too sweet by a little leather to dry it.

Definitely a grown-up fragrance with the option of sharing - would love to smell it on a musky male, interesting with a touch deep in a beard, I think.
One of my top 5 favourite feminine fragrances and the first I ever bought blind...
positive What can I say about Shalimar?  I think it is a milestone of perfumery.  A classic.  I am a Guerlain addict and I love the big 3 (L'Heure Bleue, Mitsouko and Shalimar).  I always have an EDP working of those three.  I love Shalimar but was first not going to wear it because I associated it with both my mother and sister who wore it.  I thought it would be too much for me but it is wonderful.  This dark, sweet and smoky scent is wonderful on me and can definitely be worn by a man.  3 sprays will do it;  one on the chest and one in each crook of the elbow is enough.  Best to apply about an hour before leaving the house as the opening is quite strong and can be alarming with the high dose of bergamot.  
The beauty of Shalimar for me is the development of all the notes that come together in the final drydown.  
I think that the citrus blast of bergamot with a bit of cedar in the opening leads beautifully into the heart of jasmine, iris and a deep rose scent that is unbelievably rich.  The creme brulee vanilla drydown is stunningly displayed on skin for the remainder of the day and I love it at the end of the day when I take my T shirt off and can still smell the Guerlinade and perhaps a bit of civet to make it interesting and personal.  
The use of oppoponax and tonka bean are pure genius and make the base absolutely unforgettable.
Everyone must try this just to sample a bit of the brilliance of Guerlain.
This seems like a refined sweeter version of the civet heavy Jicky which is my number one favorite scent of all time.
positive A lemony, powder-sugared confection.  That is how the gourmand quality hits me.  Like those little lemon cookies at Easter time covered in powdered sugar.  So yeah, this is very powdery.  My mom always wore the very powdery Chantilly and this is also very powdery in a similar way.  If you associate powdery perfumes with mothers and grandmas, then this will be one of those.  

The dry down is where Shalimar really wins me over.  It settles into a warmer, more vanilla scent (yet still powdery).  I can't get enough of it then. At this point, it doesn't project as much, making it more of a personal indulgence of nostalgia.  Not one you're going to wear out to blast the party and club scene with.
positive My family is mostly show people and jazz musicians, and when I was little there were often colorful characters hanging around, HOW colorful I didn't find out until later.

One of them was an older English lady named Mae, who had a white poodle. Apparently she was the madam in a high-end brothel. Sometimes we'd go to Mae's apartment, which had the most extraordinary smell of years and years of Shalimar permeating every surface + unwashed dog. That was my first Guerlain experience. (The second was a Pekingese that smelled of Mitsouko. True - not trying to be funny.)

So it took a very long time before I could really consider Shalimar on its own merits, and even then, its skanky facet was off-putting to me, because I kept smelling unwashed dog! In retrospect, Mae's poodle may not have been that dirty, and it might have just been her vintage Shalimar. I really never thought I'd become a Shalimar person, even though I have lots of history with the other vintage Guerlain greats.

The Ode a la Vanille (Mexique) ended up being my gateway drug, because the vanilla in that version is so smoky and dense and wonderful that I could stick with it, and now I've learned to love even the skank of Shalimar proper. 

I do continue to prefer that limited edition, yet I've come to own and love the EDC, as well, because that version also features a very smoky vanilla, and ends up wearing as mostly that. Plus it's often available inexpensively in the drugstore! Coming around to Shalimar has actually had a fantastic effect on my perfume spending habits, for while I  still find new things that I like, when I ask myself, "but would you be likely to NOT wear Shalimar to wear this instead?" it's just a no.


positive Salutation.

I absolutely love this fragrance and definitely it is in my top 10 of all great fragrances for ladies.It is a classically timeless rich floral fragrance.A sensual and provocative fragrance that oozes femininity. Masterpiece,Seductive,Warm,Magnetic, Artistic,Rich and Feminine

The opening is classic floral with a citrusy note,which harmonizes with the note of Rose,Jasmine and Patchouli.A base of Incense, Vanilla,Sandalwood and Leather brings an air of Sensuality as it is warm and full of depth. The dry down is wonderful.

You wear it when you are going somewhere very SPECIAL and you want to make a Great impression.This fragrance might be best for AUTUMN/WINTER seasons.excellent for perfect lady. Anyway in my mind it is an intoxicating bosom smell,it is just phenomenal and a definite must have.

Sillage?Fantastic. 

Longevity?Great on my skin. 

THANK YOU GUERLAIN 

8.5/10
positive This is an intriguing opening indeed, a surprisingly dark bergamot with rose and - on my skin - an early opopanax burst - denoting shadowy freshness with incense. The floral drydown with iris, jasmine and a whiff of a gently smoky leather.  
In the second half the very guerlainesque vanilla grown stronger, full but elegant and never overbearing. 

This is fairly unique composition, beautifully balanced, well blended and firmly structured.  Classic, especially older version,whose drydown have a gentle powderiness added and are richer and darker.  Yet the newer versions - they are no full reformulations to me - are less powdery and lighter, but still delightful. 

I get strong sillage, excellent projection and eight hours of longevity. 

A grand classic and well worth it, even the recent versions: 4.25/5.
positive I quite like this. However if I have to speak my mind free from the pressure of knowing that it is sort of a perfume legend and all, I would rate this as one of the old perfumes. It's nice but could be better, or, it smells somewhat dated to my nose and I wouldn't want to wear this too often. My aunt used to wear this, this alone, -who owned only this.-25 years ago also didn't help me too much shake the perception of Shalima being OLD. 

If I am over 55, I wouldn't want to use it since I am sure this scent will add more age. I think anybody who is still  young can try this one without feeling too self-conscious. She will stand out smelling gorgeous and above all, special. 
It is just my personal opinion, but I believe that scents can make the wearer seem aged/dated since the famous and old perfumes have popular smell of the era which everybody can associate with those period.It seems especially true those era are closely put together. Whenever I smell of Estee Lauder Beautiful, the wearer is almost always over 35. Really powdery one like Chanel No.5 or Soapy one like White linen is frequently worn by 50+ yo ladies. Anybody sticking to wearing Thierry Mugler's Angel can be seen 30+. The more broadly popular the scents were, the worse the effect, I reckon since mass of people recognize them. but, less known scents that were created a century ago, still can smell very fresh due to rarity.
positive I began wearing Shalimar after spending a lot of time around one of my friends who wore it every day.   I thought she was so feminine and classy, and that's the way it makes me feel.   I believe it is the vanilla and opoponax that got me addicted to it.  I'm so glad that my husband also LOVES this perfume.  To me, it is as classic as Chanel No. 5, which I'm actually not that fond of.  
positive I'm going to assume the notes on this site are quite incomplete because I don't see anise, black pepper, or cinnamon listed and all three have a presence in this fragrance.  The top is bergamot with pepper and anise, a bit too spicy for my taste but very well-blended leading straight into the heart of it which is slightly flowery, slightly powdery, slightly spicy and slightly creamy.  This middle lasts quite a while and there's a hint of incense, smokiness, and leather throughout but as with any well-blended Guerlain you'll only catch some of these facets some of the time throughout the day.  This is so well-done that I can't get enough of that scent despite the fact that I find it too spicy for me.  The incense gets a bit stronger as the middle drags slowly along but it never really dominates on me.  Coming to the end phase of the fragrance, many hours later, a touch of dryness or leatheriness remains but there's a lot of creaminess and a touch of spiciness acting as dominant notes.  It almost smells like warm milk with a bit of cinnamon and just a touch of vanilla.  I would eat something that smells like this.  The Guerlinade is most certainly there too.  Overall I love the smell of it and though a man could get away with wearing it in extreme moderation I don't think i'll be wearing it often just because of how uncomfortable I am smelling anise or pepper all day.  It's no wonder this great fragrance is a classic of perfumery!
positive Old formulation: My mother had a sample in the late 80s/early 90s, and I remember loving it, the opulent spicy fragrance which I associated to winter and warm coats.

New formulation: I recently tested it at a department store. It does smell quite differently, still with the same inspiration, but the new version is a worthy fragrance in its own way. If I could, I would own both formulations.

The new formulation started with a combination that reminded me of the older Shalimar, spicy, warm, almost oily (in a good way), only not as round. Maybe a bit more angular and less oily. 

As it dries, it becomes very different from the older one. The woods and sandal came to the front and in my opinion created a sour phase which previously did not exist. I quite appreciate this phase. Then amber and incense too, it becomes a little less sour and rounder, but still quite different from the older Shalimar, woodier, airier and not as oily. After a while the sour disappears and it is woods, amber, incense and a few spices in a rounded, warm, more "behaved" version of the older one.

Still a dense perfume, but different. As I said, I actually like both.
positive I own the EDC from Walmart.  When i first sprayed it on, i smell a plastic shower curtain smell.  This changed over time to a strong powdery orange creamcicle smell mixed with vanilla and maybe some sweaty keys out of someones sweaty pocket?!  
   Gotta try it again later.

K, tried it again and now.....I really like it...no plastic shower curtain or sweaty pocket scent at all.  Strange how ones nose picks up different things each time.  One thing i did differently this time was shake the bottle a little before applying....don't know if that mattered or not?  This time i pick up more citrusy smells....which i adore by the way, but is that bergamot in the mix making it smell kind of like an orangy lemon?  Oh, and vanilla, which i like, but i really, really would like to be able to pick out the leather note...which right now i am having allot of trouble doing...i would wear something with mainly just that note if i could just smell it.  So far, love it tho...powdery lemony orange vanilla...thats what i pick out. 
positive Genre: Oriental

I don’t have much to add to the discussion where this classic is concerned. All I care to do is draw attention to the brilliant treatment of opopanax. Much has been said regarding the unique quality of Guerlain’s vanilla, displayed most prominently in Shalimar and Jicky, but for me the enigmatic, spicy-sweet, resinous quality of opopanax is equally responsible for Shalimar’s allure. The interplay of vanilla and opopanax established in Shalimar’s base notes still resonates in compositions as recent as Diptyque’s Eau Lente and Nicolaï’s Maharadjah, but I have yet to experience an interpretation that trumps the original’s exquisite balance. I wonder if it’s even possible to fully comprehend the oriental fragrance genre without becoming familiar with Guerlain’s enduring paragon.


negative Good God, what have they done to this once beautiful perfume?  This concoction is an abomination of its former self.  I had an older bottle for years that I would always return to, received a new one for a present that is so different it is nearly unrecognisable.  The cloyingly sickly sweet smell of vanilla off the new formulation is downright offensive, I actually had to wash it off and I have never had to do that before with perfume.  What was once one of my favourite scents is now dead and buried.  Don't bother buying this, just get a couple of vanilla pods and rub them around your neck, job done. 
negative I ordered a bottle of this over the internet, and thought it must have been a knock-off because it smelled so terrible on me. I gave it away, but have since tried it again at a department store to make sure it wasn't just a bad bottle, and it wasn't. There is something in the opening that reacts badly with my skin. After about 30 minutes it calms down, but still doesn't smell great. I had a bottle of Shalimar back in the early 80s and did not have a problem, so I am thinking it is something they have added to the newer formulations. The newer version is truly terrible on me and I cannot pick out anything on the pyramid that normally reacts that way with my skin. My friend asked me please not to stand too close...
negative Shalimar EdP opens with a astringent citrus accord of bergamot and lemon and then moves into a lovely vanilla scent.

When the incense arrives and melds with the vanilla the scent does become quite alluring.

Though as it evolves you begin to smell leather and civet which also mix's in with the incense in a unpleasant way. At this stage it starts to smell acrid like mothballs or bug spray.

The scent is complex and has many facets of development with floral notes adding to the above notes. 

I like some elements of the fragrance like the vanilla and incense. But what kills my interest is the dated mothball/bugspray like accord coming from the civet and incense.
negative Shalimar is unequivocally the most cloyingly sweet, baroque perfume on the market today. Some old fragrances become classic standards that are timeless. Others survive by being "a name" in popular culture. The overwhelmingly sickening sweet synthetic vanilla and talcum powder of Shalimar that projects and punches EVERYBODY within 20 feet of the wearer (literally) is actually indecent and offensive. Goes beyond a statement. Beyond boldness. Beyond good taste. I can't think of another fragrance that is so overpowering that I'd have to tell someone I can't stand to be near them. Long after escaping the vicinity of a  Shalimar cloud, it's all you can smell. Your battered olfactory senses causing a headache and thoughts of "does this meal smell like Shalimar?" or "have they cleaned this restroom with Shalimar?" and so on. The domineering pervasiveness is actually rude then.

neutral I am really in two or even multiple minds on this one.  Had a test spray on a strip last summer, liked it enough to spray some on me. Lovely, and not like anything else in my wardrobe. I read all the blurb, info and reviews,  and added it to my birthday wish list.  Hmm. Be careful what you wish for. Like a summer romance that fades once back in the real world, I wonder if I'd mixed up the scents I tried that August afternoon in Brighton. Or maybe the air is different in the South West. 
This smells gorgeous on the dry down, but the couple of hours to get there? A heavy traffic journey in an overheated car with a fractious under- 4 screaming "are we there yet?" Way too intense.
I have to be really careful not to apply more than 2 sprays, or I get burning eyes, instant head ache and can barely breathe. Aldehydes? But my skin always absorbs fragrance very fast, so I have to apply at least 4 sprays to get it to last over two hours.  Ok; so a smart exit from the bathroom away from the fog of choking scent, and the first strikingly good and weird stuff starts happening within 10 minutes. A huge burst of cut lemons right next to a smoking wood fire, without any blending of the two. They are absolutely distinct in a way I've not experienced in any other scent. So good, yet so scary. This perfume is taking no prisoners. Something dirty-sexy bleeds through  about half an hour later, it's very animalic at this point, bordering on the unpleasant, and I hate it.  This feels far too strong to be on me at all, and definitely not out in public, but by then, I'm leaving the house, so too late to back out. 
However,....I can't stop sniffing my arms. After an hour the lemons and smoke and dirt have come together to make a truce, and an uneasy peace is agreed. Some days the ceasefire holds and I love wearing this,it's earthy, smoked-lemony and gorgeous. Some days though there are  nasty skirmishes and the smell remains over-strong, unblended, raw and industrial. 
Some fragrances can only be worn when I am in the right mood for them,(such as Cliquat de Lancome or Ivoire de Balmain), and that always works. The problem I have with Shalimar, is that I can't guess whether its going to be a day of war or peace- the scent reaction to  my skin seems to be completely out of my control. Mood doesn't affect her. Overall a bit of a loose cannon. When she was good, she was very, very good; and when she was bad, she was horrid.    
neutral I had the chance to test Shalimar EDP (current version), Shalimar parfum de toilette, Shalimar Souffle de Parfum and buy a 70s vintage version Shalimar, the first version of Ode à la Vanille, sur la Route de Madagascar and sur la Route du Mexique. 

The current Shalimar EDP was a bit disappointing. A lot of bergamot with some cardamom and then a powdery rose (almost itchy). Then it settles down finally but doesn't give a good sillage. What's funny is that it smells different if you smell it one cm away from another spot. 

Shalimar from the 70s is so much better. Both softer and spicier, with an amber, cashmere feel. You get the bergamot and the rose, but nothing is too strong. 

Parfum de toilette (mine is from 93) is even softer but powerful with more powdery vanilla. Less “itchy” bergamot and rose. 


Souffle de parfum shouldn't be compared. This is not Shalimar, don't expect Shalimar. There are some common notes, especially if you wear vintage Shalimar on the other wrist. But it's very good on its own! A wonderful floral with some spices and a gourmand dry-down. I'm happy I randomly got a sample of this and I hope I'll get a full bottle. Sillage could be better, though.

The original Ode à la Vanille opens in a very bitter way. It's balsamic. Then it goes towards a powdery bergamot. The acid vanilla comes later. It's a bit sweeter than the vintage Shalimar but quite similar in the dry down. It also has more fruit. 

Sur la Route de Madagascar shares a lot of notes as well, but it's more floral than fruity. It's more animalistic. Dirtier in a very sexy way. It has more vanilla than the others as well. 

Sur la Route du Mexique opens with more pepper. It's something between rhum and gin, with spices. It might have a more itchy, synthetic feel for me.

Note that the three bottles are exactly the same. You've got to keep the boxes to differentiate them. 

The opening of all those Shalimar, except for souffle de parfum, is the biggest difference. The more they dry, the most similar they get. 

neutral Beautifully put together, it opens with caramel and musk. Flowery notes come in after. This fragrance is /strong/. But it's a little bit of an acquired taste, and not for me. It's all at once too sweet for me, while also not leathery enough. 
neutral I'm told that what I'm smelling here is a recent EdP. 

Shalimar is usually instantly recognizable; a cavalcade of notes that somehow manage to synchronize perfectly. But versions of this scent tend to vary quite a bit, and in this particular one there’s a medicinal, metallic effect that cuts through the standard citrus to meet with a powdery vanilla, producing what I'd describe as redolent of effervescent candy. It reminds me a little bit of sherbet lemons—the same candied sweetness that walks a fine line between sour and sugary, only here the sour notes are rendered in a more industrial, disinfectant style.

What’s strange about this version, though, is that it doesn’t bear much of a connection to the Shalimar that I’m more familiar with—that civet-y, marzipan-style scent that’s top loaded with crisp citrus notes. This version is gaunt by comparison, and seems to veer more towards clinical sterility than confection. I don’t dislike it (I actually don’t like Shalimar very much, so this might even be a step-up for me), but I’m not entirely clear what its aiming for or how this version wandered so far away from the original fragrance.
positive Ah, the ur-Oriental. Sitting down to write a review of Shalimar kind of feels like looking up at the top of Mount Everest and wondering how the hell even to begin the ascent. It seems to cover (in one single bottle) a lot of the themes and notes people go looking for in separate perfumes - you want vanilla, it's the textbook example, you want smoke and incense, well you got that too, you want amber, it is the mother of all modern ambers, you want animalics and leather, ditto. If you also happen to be the type of person who is interested in freaky notes, like baby diaper, burning tires, tar, and slightly rancid butter, then, why yes, Shalimar also has you covered.

It's not an easy perfume to love right off the bat. Don't get me wrong, Shalimar is easy to love, but the actual falling in love bit is not immediate. It took me ten days of wearing it before I could even tolerate it, let alone love it, but I got there and in end, it clicked for me, and that was it. Pure love. The everlasting kind. Whenever I see someone saying, oh I just don't get Shalimar, or oh Shalimar hates my skin, you know what I am thinking? You're just not trying hard enough. Put your back into it. If you can't commit a week or ten days out of your life to understanding Shalimar, then not only are you cheating yourself out of experiencing one of the best perfumes ever made, you are also missing the opportunity to "get" most orientals that came after Shalimar. 

For, once you unlock Shalimar, you start to see that Serge Lutens' Ambre Sultan is just a snapshot of a portion of Shalimar (principally the amber and herbes de provence) blown up 150% and turned sideways. Etro's Shaal Nur is an abbreviated essay on the incense and opoponax in Shalimar. Mono di Orio's excellent Vanille is a modern take on the woodsy vanilla of Shalimar. You can spot echoes of Shalimar in Chypre Palatin (vanilla and animalics), Fate Woman (bergamot and powder) and Bulgari Black (vanilla, rubber, smoke). Whether perfumers are aware of it or not, most of today's grand orientals refer at least in part back to the ur-Mother Oriental herself.

Forgive my wittering on. For all of that, Shalimar smells absolutely wonderful, grand, lush, smoky, sexy, comforting, and warm. The opening, as I've mentioned, is jarring to the nth degree, especially if you're not used to it. I don't know whether it's the particularly stinky grade of Bergamot that Guerlain use, or the way it clashes with the vanilla, but the top notes smell curdled and rancid, like when you pour lemonade into cream. The vanilla itself smells tarry and burned, like rubber tires piled high and set on fire. Somehow, somewhere underneath all of that, there appears a slightly horrifying note of soiled diapers, or at least baby powder that has been caked into the creases of a baby's bottom. It smells sort of unclean, and is pungent enough to singe your nose hairs off. 

Here's the odd thing - after you get used to Shalimar, you start to actively crave the weird opening. When you begin to go "Mmmmmmm" rather than holding your breath, this is a sign that you've crossed the line. Welcome! It's like a Shibboleth for hard-core fans of Shalimar -  we're all over here at the other side of the line, and everyone else is pressing their noses to the glass, shaking their heads and saying, "I think you have Stockholm Syndrome" 

After the "horrific" first half hour (for which you may want to refrain from sniffing your wrists if you are smelling it for the first time), it is an easy ride from there on in. Sweet, smoky vanilla poured on top of a long, golden, powdery amber, with accents of leather, smoking resins, and animalic musks. It has this neat trick of smelling comforting/familiar and yet ultra-sexual at the same time. It lasts all day and, in my humble opinion, is just fantastic in whatever concentration and vintage you wear. Yes, the vintage parfum is the deepest and smokiest, but we can't always be wearing that (for reasons of finances as well as time and place), so it's good to know that Shalimar is still recognizably the same Shalimar in the weakest EDC as it is in the parfum - thinner, yes, but still, you wouldn't mistake her for anybody else. For me, it is true love, and a top five perfume forever. It is like my second skin.  
positive Rich, somptuous, baroque chypre masterpiece. There's pretty everything in it, a comprehensive symphony or perfumery basics. Splendid talcum-powdered drydown, gentle as a lady asleep. Not much to chat about this!

10/10
positive Love the history.....love Guerlain....don't love or even like Shalimar.  Instead of smelling sultry and seductive, I smell like an old ashtray.  The smoky notes just overwhelm on me.  
positive As many others have already said, shalimar is a classic, perhaps the most classic of them all, and equaly a work od a genius perfumer. For me is smells more msculine than feminine, what is no surprise after Prada pour Homme Intense, Eau Sauvage Parfum, Burberry Brti for Men, Tom ford noir and many scents in the same oriental veil. Shalimar seems a blueprint for so many scents we all know and that's why I cannot perceive Shalimar as dated, old fashion and even less, praise God, old lady-grandma-ish. No need to go through the notes, it has been done very well indeed by some Basenoters. I just think everybody really keen on fragrances should try Shalimar. It is beautiful, it is an art form, it is perfection. I feel very fortunate to own an EDP bottle of this relic and yet so present, uptodate scent that is Guerlain Shalimar.
positive Shalimar is a scent I'd been avoiding. Somehow, it had 'old lady' tones in my mind.  However, I've been progressing in my journey, I've discarded the idea that a scent fits with a particular age group.  Yes, some scents are classic and have been worn for many years by people and so you may know an older woman whose been wearing Shalimar for 5 decades, however, that doesn't define the character of the scent.

In the case of Shalimar, it's been around for so long because it is that good.  I've been wearing the current EDT with great pleasure.  It's a scent that envelopes me like a fur coat, in fact, a bit like fur that remains on the leather which has been sueded and worn soft.  This scent is warm, familiar and full of smooth vanilla laden leather.    I recently acquired a bottle of the vintage EdC and find that it is creamier still.  It's got the typical feel of Guerlain, a powdery feel, but I don't feel like that is as strong as in some of the Guerlains, it is more creamy than powdery to my nose.

This is a wonderful scent for most any occasion, though I suspect it will perform less well in a hot and humid climate.  It is a powerful scent to my nose, not something that the wall-flower would want and I believe a man could easily wear it as well.
positive Typical example of a fragrance that you need to let grow on you before you can fully appreciate it! Fist time I tried this... a very strong, very dirty, almost bitter vanillic leather aroma hit me and I found it quite pungent and almost overbearing. But after a few days, and other applications... I really had to agree with everyone here in that this is quite an elegantly made, beautifully blended, sophisticated fragrance, and I can see why many call this a masterpiece. There is not much more to add to what others have said, but I would say to first time users please give it a few tries on your skin and leave it the time it needs to fully appreciate it. Trust me, if you do this you will be rewarded, but be patient and you will see why so many people call this a masterpiece.
positive Superbto be honest, I buy Shalimar only for the gorgeous bottle at first. I dont sniff it, just get this pretty flacon. how bad Guerlain could be?real badass. the opening is not my favourite part (at fact, the least. its rather offensive), but the rest, especially the dry down is something to die for. the vanilla and incense is really prominent (but the seller said, "its woody spicy". never trust a seller women. especially when they already tried to sell a BOSS Bottled) usually I detest vetiver, but on this one its controlled beautifully, ended with strong Vanilla that just perfect. it have strong projection and stays for really long time. the bad side is, like most Guerlain is on the banal opening. if you survived the first minutes, a very beautiful scent awaits you Pros: projection, longevityCons: opening"
positive It really has grown on methe other sitting in a meting I was distracted by a whiff of the most delicious perfume, I surreptitiously sniffed the people within distance and none of them had warm woody tones with a hint of spice. As my head dropped to my chest to retrieve my pad I realized to my surprise that it was me. I would never have guessed applying Shalimar in the morning inhaling the burst of powdery vanilla and rather sweet fruit that what would remain through the day would be be a lovely spicy base with a hint of rose. I love the combination of sandalwood patchouli and jasmine and rose, though some notes are fainter than others. I wear it because of what it becomes and for how long it lasts, if I could change it I would add more strong green patchouli and maybe a hint more of rose.Pros: it gets better as the day wears onCons: first whiff is deadly sweet"
positive Great in bottle, less so on skinMy bottle of vintage Shalimar arrived today and when I removed the stopper, an absolutely heavenly and complex aroma of florals and woods and citrus filled my nose.  Yet when I put it on, I smelled ... well, like an old lady.  Just because I AM one doesn't mean I have to smell like it!  I'll try it again, but so far I'm not sure I'll be wearing this grande dame, happy though I am to own her.Pros: LuxuriousCons: A familiar scent to many"
positive Shalimar eau de parfum reformulationAfter finding out that my idol Lady Miss Kier of Deee-Lite wore Guerlain's Shalimar I immediatly bought a bottle I was just 14 back then in 1993.it was a gorgeous warm powdery kind of a heavy perfume I loved the vanilla and the exotique feel of it, it became my signature perfume for quite some time. Now 20 years later I bought a bottle of eau de parfum and i still like it but i do smell that it is not what it used to be I've been reading up on some reviews here on Basenotes and at Bois de jasmin's blog finding out it was reformulated i still like it but thers something missing.the reformulation seems to be milder and doesnt stay with me aslong as the 1990's Shalimar I once knew did.I love Guerlain for its history and perfume know how and tradition its my  favorite house but i feel robbed.It is still gorgeous and really really beautifull but this is not the old Shalimar I knew
positive Pour Homme	Shalimar is a perfume associated mostly with women from an older generation, so as a young man, 20 years of age, I perhaps can offer a more unique perspective of one of the jewels of the House of Guerlain. 	Let's quickly look at the key notes found in Shalimar:	Top: Mandarin orange, Cedar, Bergamot, Lemon	Heart: Iris, Patchouli, Jasmine, Vetiver, Rose	Base: Leather (?), Sandalwood, Opoponax, Musk, Civet or Civetone (?), Vanilla, Tonka bean 	First off, you might be sick of hearing this, but, like all Guerlain perfumes, Shalimar is a deeply personal thing. This is because Shalimar is definitely not your typical woody/oriental perfume. A quick glance at the notes makes this more obvious. Cedar, typically a heart or base note, is used as a top note, and this gives a distinctive woodiness right off the bat.  Vetiver and patchouli, which are now typically used as base notes. These help to cut the citrusy scents of the top notes and brings a bit of balance and, more importantly, complexity into the perfume. In the base notes, civet or civetone (the synthetic alternative to the natural ingredient, now banned for ethical reasons) brings a strong animalistic scent to the perfume. 	Next, my initial introduction to Shalimar was when my grandmother used it. To me, it was the epitome of sensuality and luxury. It has amazing projection and longevity, and merely a few drops of the perfume would last the rest of the day. 	Finally, I am using Shalimar because it works well on me. For reasons unknown to me, when Shalimar touches my skin, the top notes go off quite quickly, only lingering as time passes. In contrast, the musky and powdery base notes project very well, with the dominate notes being vanilla and tonka bean. This leaves a powdery and, almost, creme brulee-ish scent on me.Pros: Excellent projection and longevity, legendary scents, top grade ingredientsCons: Varies greatly with personal tastes and body chemistries"
positive A warm temple of mysterious love in a bottle...As a perfume hobbyist, some iconic scents of ladies department also come into my collection. And as expected, Shalimar ranked as top priority on my purchase list.So, as I recalled the first time I sprayed Shalimar, my immediate reaction was: wow, it's indeed warm and sensual. The aroma was so complex so should you want to give a try--you should try this one with caution.Yes, not every chick can wear this, even for some first-timers this would definitely too much too handle. A possible headache or confusion (due to trying to identify the notes LOL) may result.The longevity is truly outstanding, tested on my wrist and it lasted 8 hours and more. After a warm spicy mixture of scents decorated the earlier stage, a slight jasmine followed shortly but not too powerful. As it dried down vanilla note appeared and lasted, clear and sweet.Mysterious, as I remembered this one. Just like its name, Shalimar best translated as a warm temple of mysterious love. So, undisputedly this one suitable and enjoyable only for a more mature women not for teens.Even though I still have no idea if my wife (Estee Lauder Pleasures Exotic, Kenzo Flower, Hermes Un Jardin Sur Le Nil) or my mom (YSL Rive Gauche for women, Thierry Mugler Angel) would love to wear this or not. My overall scoring was 8/10.Pros: Warm & heartfelted scent, great longevityCons: Complex aroma on immediate spray not suitable for younger users, standard bottle & packaging
positive Love this perfume	Shalimar is my go to perfume for every occasion.  It's classic.
positive Try with caution: not everyone can wear this, on some it will make me feel queezy and give me an instant headache!

I just bought a bottle of the cologne being a bit shy to try a stronger concentration and I am absolutely loving this!  The lasting power of the cologne is truly impressive it wears on way beyond what I imagined, a good 8 hours.  In the dry down I love the burnt creamy vanilla that appears, smells like heaven.  Love this but may not wear to work!  Sexy, vampy and mysterious is the name of the game here not cookie cutter scent of the week.
positive Hmmm... Shalimar. Ladies smell so nice when they wear it. This is a scent that can bring about many memories. I can recall being a young teenager and being completely intoxicated by a friend's mom's perfume. This stuff MADE her a "hot mom". I remember the bottle...

I bought some for my girlfriend. She's in the roller derby, and I was looking for something that would go well with her sport. We've gone through many sweet, fruity, herbal, and sporty scents... tried a few Etat Libre d'Orange, and a couple of samples of various Tom Ford. I settled on trying out the Shalimar because of its longevity (not while wearing... I mean in the sense that it's been around since the 20s), its attractiveness, and the way it can match up with a sport like roller derby: It's dark, dangerous, sexy, and packs a punch, but can keep its wits about about it in social situations.

Shalimar comes in with the lemony top note, but does not last long. This dries down into something smoky and subtle, seductive. To me, it gets my mind racing on things like sex, making out, etc. The woman who wears this should wear in confidence that your man will notice.

I don't know what the formula was like in the 20s, but I would love to find out. Buy yourself an extrait or at least the EDP. Any other "strength" and you'll not get the full idea of what this scent is supposed to be.
I would even wear this myself if I paired it up with something Versace Baby Blue Jeans or put the smack down on it with Amouage Ciel Man.
This one's a sultry winner, ladies.

(update) I have been wearing this myself lately. I am really enjoying it. The extrait is the way to go... 
Guys, this smells good and I would recommend trying it. I know it's for ladies, but this can and WILL be quite masculine when worn by a guy... period. It smells nice, and you will get compliments... it seems that this is more unisex than anything else....
positive First try of Shalimar...

...there it sat on my skin. The flagship of Guerlain. The first spritz is very lemony of course, but you also get a sniff of cedar which reminds a bit of church pews and old fur coats. I knew at the first whisp this was a great Old World Perfume. A legend. History. 
The hesperidics are quite elusive and the scent changes remarkably into smoky vanilla. I don't get that much flowers. The smokiness makes me think of a Walpurgis Night bonfire. Shalimar has an aura of wisdom, of a significant other. It's one of the few perfumes that really make my mind wander. True dramatic beauty. 
Who knows what the vintage version was like, but even the reformulation is aweinspiring. Luca Turin said, Shalimar makes 80% of todays fragrances appear trivial.
Of course I now own a bottle. And what a timeless beauty that bottle is, don't you think? When did blue and yellow ever look that good together?

I'd dare say: Greatest perfume of all times! Too special for me to wear it every day, but good to know I have it!
positive I give this 5 Stars b/c I appreciate it.  It is one of the best loved fragrances of all time.  Having said that, I don't usually like women's Orientals.  This one is softened by the vanilla,Tonka and a light use of Bergamot.  The heart notes are all floral, soft florals. This has a gourmand tone to it. 
positive Just opened my bottle of Shalimar Pure Parfum and applied a few dabs...omg it is so sensual and beautiful and warm; heady and intoxicating---so luxurious. Wow!

Love it!


positive This was my second ever "grown up" perfume that my boyfriend bought for me
in 1973 and nearly 40years down the line I think I have grown into it.
I felt very sophisticated wearing it in my 20's but felt it was maybe too old for me
because of it's heaviness. However I have always loved the sensual smell and  always will, so do the men around me...as I have had many compliments on my 
perfume whilst wearing this,mainly from the older man !! 
positive What can one say about Shalimar that hasn't been said one million times?

Go buy yourself a bottle of the extrait.

Apply to your wrist.

Sit back, inhale deeply, and be transported to another universe.

And for the record, the extrait formulation is eminently suitable for use as a masculine - there is nothing even remotely girly about the dark-colored juice in the gorgeous crystal bottle, gentlemen.  
positive I recently purchased two vintage bottles of this and listed one on Etsy.  Today, I opened the second bottle and OH MY GOSH!  It is so very beautiful.  I quickly decided that could never be without this beautiful scent and took down the Etsy listing.  Who knows if I shall ever find the vintage EDT again?  I am totally in love.  
positive goes down heavy but results irritating to my neck skin, great scent anyway!
positive Chanel No. 5 ? 

Fugedaboutit. That powdery senior scent is as out of place these days as Guerlains Vetiver. 

This is what I imagined a timeless classic would smell like. Dark, vanilla, hints of oriental and side of civet for some carnal verve. Drydown is a creamy vanilla. 


positive I absolutely love it. It's the classic par excellence, way better than Chanel 5, a must have for anyone who loves perfumes.

And yet -- and this is a big YET -- it changes dramatically from bottle to skin. This can be for better or worse. On my mother and on some of my friends it smells great, and becomes the perfect fragrance for an elegant night out; on my skin, unfortunately, it gets flat, old, tired.

I am more sorry about this than I can say.

Still, every now and then, I spray it on my pillows and go to sleep thinking about some wonderful place in a faraway land.
positive The most perfect fume! I wore nothing else in my twenties before I was really able to understand, then I discarded it totally in favour of citrus scents in my early thirties, only to come back to it now, to rediscover it perfectly and completely. So much so that I now have edt (for bedtime), edp and vintage edp and parfum concentrations, im a Shalimar maniac! It's hypnotising and all encompassing - I have a lot of perfumes, and yet now I've rediscovered SHalimar I'm having a hard time wearing anything else. It feels like I'm cheating! I love Shalimar and I can believe I neglected her for so long. It's an incredible fragrance, from the Bergamot sharp opening to the nest like Opoponax tonka vanilla drydown. Genius.xxx

negative I've tried to enjoy Shalimar for its smell.  And its history.  And its importance.  And its benchmark status.  But no.  I'm afraid I think Shalimar smells gross.  That's not to say it isn't important and possibly a great perfume.  But I still think it smells gross.

Lately, I've been sampling the EDT, which is heavy on the baby powder and talc, fuzzy with lavender and a weird plasticky musk that smells like a diaper, as well as a realistic musk that smells like baby poo.  And there's vanilla, too.

I prefer the EDT because it focuses on the powdery aspects, letting the poopy diaper fade into a powdery spiced vanilla, which is the smell for most of the day.  

I've also tried the extrait, which highlights the poopy diaper musks and is just terrifying.

Oh well, I've given Shalimar MANY chances, and I get why people love it, but I just don't want to walk around smelling like a poopy diaper sprinkled with vanilla and cinnamon in a cloud of baby powder.  Maybe I'm losing snob points, but I'm fine with that...
negative Oh Dear Lord, Smells like FLY Spray :(after reading the background to this Fragrance and that of the good reviews I decided to try some of this on to check to see if was all that of the hype some people give this Fragrance. I was looking to give it to my Daughter for Christmas if it was good. I had imagined myself telling my daughter about the story behind the fragrance etc too but when I sprayed this on my arm, oh dear lord.. I nearly fainted... they didn't have any of the EDP so I used the EDT... my MRS didn't like it either, she thought it was horrible... it smelt like fly spray.. non the less, it was now on me so I watched if throughout the afternoon and into the evening.. it powdered down a lot better after an hour but still with that faint smell of fly spray in with the powder... it lasted very well, 8 hrs +... but hell, would you want it on you for that long? very disappointed :(Pros: dries down nicer than original burstCons: Smells like Fly Spray"
negative Disgusting and intrusive. 
negative I'm definitely in the minority here but I don't like this fragrance.  When Shalimar is mentioned I hear perfect, classic, wonderful.  When I try it all I get is vanilla, plastic, and dead cat.  What am I doing wrong, folks?  

neutral On good days, this smells like vanilla-flavored smoke and leather. On bad days, it smells like bug spray. 

That said, I'll always have a bottle with me, because there's a disturbing beauty to it, and as an oriental, it smells so completely different from any of the edible, dessert-like fragrances being classed in the same category today. (Not that I don't enjoy those.)

I can't say why but to me, Shalimar smells like it contains a tarry leather note. There's a deliberate "dirtiness" to it that makes it more raunchy than romantic, and I definitely need to be in the right mood to enjoy it.
positive There's nothing special when I tried Shalimar for the first time. It was the new version (EDP) that I tried at the local shop. From all the praise that I read here... I only got a burst of citrus note and sweet vanilla. A big disappointment for me...


I'm still curious for this "historical" SHALIMAR, so I tried to find the vintage one to erase my curiosity forever. I bought 1 bottle of Shalimar (PDT/75ml) at the flea market. I tried it at home, 2 sprays on my left arm and miracle happens...


I cannot explain the excitement I feel when I smell this beauty. It's like you've just drink a 100 years old wine when previously you only drink a grape juice.
positive If you looked in a dictionary under P for perfume there should be a big picture of Shalimar.  While some would argue that Chanel No 5 deserves that spot, to me Shalimar IS perfume, the highest expression of the perfumer's art. 

 Some people think of this as an "old lady scent" but don't forget, those old ladies were young once and it smelled as good on them then as it does now.  It works on a grandmother and on a nubile young 18 year old and at every age in between.  The story, the legacy, the packaging and advertising are all magnificent (that bottle!  The original is perfect) but what about the scent?  Well, it is gourmand without being too foodie, seductive yet still ladylike, rich and oriental but fresh at the same time.  I LOVE smelling this on a woman! The bergamot is perfectly done and paves the way for the iris and opoponax which is supported by the most beautiful vanilla ever--as only Guerlain can do.  This defines the Guerlainade note for me.   There is a smoky animalic note in there but it never forgets its manners, even if pushes the limits a bit.  

Please, women of the world, wear this more often!  In extrait if possible but all delivery systems for Shalimar are great--cologne, E de T, lotion, powder, etc.

I can well see why Guerlain paid homage to this when they gave us Habit Rouge and thank goodness they did, but for me, Shalimar is the mothership and a great perfume whose light  I hope never fades.      
positive SHALIMAR – Guerlain – 1925	[classic oriental]

This is the classic oriental, one of my favorites (Yves St. Laurent’s OPIUM and Boucheron’s JAIPUR HOMME are my top favorite orientals).  This is a warm, vanilla rich oriental, the very first of its type, and still the very best. Both men and women swoon when you wear it.

Top Notes: Bergamot, Lemon, Hesperides
Middle Notes: Jasmine, Iris, Rose, Patchouli, Vetiver
Base Notes: Vanilla, Frankincense, Opopanox, Sandalwood, Musk, Civet, Ambergis, Coumarin

positive Now I know why Shalimar is all over this site. What a wonderful fragrance! I seem to have an older version, the bottle is different than pictured, but it is lovely. Not too powdery for me, soft and sensual, a real classic. Still not better than Knowing on me, but I'll definitely keep it in stock.
positive This is my first review of a truly great perfume.  I don't think I've been qualified to write anything about a perfume as complex and perfectly composed as Shalimar.

I recently experienced for the first time the 1967+ vintage Shalimar extrait/parfum, in the  black and white zigzag box, with the purple flocked inner box adorned with the fabled gold Marly horse design inside the lid.  Its ferocious beauty has emboldened me to try to do it justice.  I compare it to the blue-boxed current parfum.  That is the only other formulation I know well.  Here goes ...

It opens with a beautifully radiant bergamot note.  That soon recedes into a chorus that is dark, smoky, sweet and animalic.  It's complexly organic, not just animalic in the "check-the-box", "yeah, it's in there" synthetic aromachemical sense.  It builds to a sharp, nose-singing kerosene bite.  It literally burns a bit when sniffed close to the skin.

It is intense, and utterly captivating. It goes in through the nose, passes through the brain, down the spine, and grabs you by the core.  Nothing else I've smelled has such a visceral effect.  People say that vintage Shalimar makes them feel weak in the knees, or feel faint.  You think this must be hyperbole.  It's not.  If any perfume has the power to incapacitate, it is this vintage of Shalimar in its opening movement.  The current version has much the same character, but is much less intense - not in potency or projection - in depth, darkness, and complexity.    The opening is the best part.

After that, the heart is still gorgeous, but it loses that raw gut-wrenching power.  It is much more floral -  rounder and sexier that the current parfum.  More feminine, most would say.  I don't care, though. It's too good for that to matter.  I think I smell jasmine, rose, and iris - I'm not sure, as I'm not great at separating out notes.  I'm sure there's much more than those three anyway.  It's very natural and complex to my nose. I would guess that these were still all natural florals in this vintage.  I don't know if the current parfum still has any, but there's a big difference, I think.  Resorting to an analogy, I'll say that the vintage is like an oil painting, where the current is like a pixelated digital image.  The current is very angular and sort of represents the idea of the floral elements, where the vintage feels ... real!  The heart is where the vintage and current differ the most in character.

The drydown is all smoky vanilla and sweet resins, overlaid with the fading light of the heart.  By the time the florals are gone, it is very similar to the current version.  That makes sense, as I don't think any of the base components are restricted, scarce, or particularly expensive.  It's deliciously edible by this point.  One of the nicest drydowns in all of perfumedom.

This is the best perfume I've ever known.

If I'm going to rate it, I'll say that on a scale of 1 to 10, this one goes to 11.  I have to do something to stand it apart from all of the other 10s.

11/10
positive One of the major fragrances that smells completely different on my skin as opposed to paper is Shalimar. 

On paper I get the big blast. A fistful of powdery sensuality anchored with high pitched lemon, dense beany vanilla and bergamot. I'm immediately transported. The after effects are a pleasant dry vanilla with that herbal lavender colored velour that all Guerlains seem to contain. It whispers oriental rather than sings it. 

However, on my skin I get a different world inhabited mostly by powdered vanilla. I can't get the citrus. The fade is very fast. An hour after application I have nothing but a barely noticeable hint of sweet baby powder. Why is that? No clue. Whatever it is, it's something in me. The paper sample smells rich roughly 3 hours after application. 

I will say that even with my poor chemistry, I still love Shalimar. Never mind that I likely can't wear it. It's so calm and frothy. I love its dainty chantilly creme' in contrast to the fatty pate' of other orientals. It's no wonder this was Rita Hayworths favorite perfume. It's feminine and sensitive, but at the same time bold, plump, vampish. 

The batch I smelled was the latest in the newly redesigned black ribbon bottle. I recall a few years ago smelling the classic tassled bottle and noting a distinct bitterness that turned me off. Maybe a louder bergamot in the old batch? 
positive I adore Shalimar! I think my favourite versions are from the '80's and '90's and I seek them out on eBay as they seem deeper, more complex and longer-lasting too. I always go back to Shalimar and I know I always will. 
positive Indisputably beautiful. Shalimar doesn't merely sit upon your skin and project its essence like most parfums; it melts into you, combining with you, and projects your essence. Hypnotic and wonderful. Breathtaking every single time.
positive I saw the reviews, and I decided to get a bottle from the local shop.  Yes, I am a man, and I wear Shalimar...and I like it.  It reminds me of 4711 meets Number Six meets Florida Water.  Good and citrusy, sweet, and just plain nice.  Not getting anything flowery from my wrist, sorry.  But nice, sweet, and relaxing.
positive On first whiff I smelt liquorice and incense which must have been the bergamot! It then fades into a powdery sweet vanilla. The iris in it is lovely. It's very sexy and feminine, definitely not a day perfume. 
positive Skin but better. The scent my son used to spray on his pillow when I was on nights to make him feel safe. Again  Basenotes reminds me to add an old favourite to my wardrobe
positive The first whiff on my skin made me think Old Library Books, not really enticing or sexy, but curious enough.
After thirty minutes, the top notes wore off, which were not fresh, but the opposite of fresh, the fragrance remaining was pleasantly strange, unusual and really authentic, like it was part of me.  The heart and base notes were mingling and lasting for several hours, four or five, and they were fascinating and mysterious, not so bright. Comfortable shadowy scent.  Something a bit rare and excellent here.  
positive I got a sample of this from Escentual, and have given myself a hefty dose. I'm not a fan of bergamot, something I've only discovered since joining Basenotes, and luckily, that note disappeared fairly quickly, although it was not as unpleasant as some I've encountered. I would love to have smelled the original formulation way back in the mists of time, however I'm content enough with the current blend, and not suffering any of that angst, so many Basenoters feel about the reformulations of fragrances. (I do however have a particular angry feeling about Lanvin's Arpege i got in the 80's and the reformulated article somewhere around 2006)

I'm breathing in a powdery aroma, and having read some of the reviews, people seem to associate powdery with old ladies, whereas i associate it with babies and youth. It doesn't seem at all "old People home" to me, and its uplifting for me,  in the powdery stage. The sillage of this one, seems to carry the powdery notes, and i expect people will smell that around me, until i shove my neck rudely in their faces, and demand they comment on this new scent I'm trying.

But where i love it most, is the nose-to-skin smell where i get an animalistic emanation, and the iris and opopanax are readily apparent, someone also mentioned an incense-y kind of aura, and I'm feeling that as well. Now, also the vanilla is waving hello to me, shyly, coyly popping its sweet little head up and saying "Hey, I'm here too!!"

 I never tried it before because the name puts me off, i don't like it at all, however, contempt prior to investigation has deprived me of something i may well choose to be my signature fragrance. I am actually going up to my mother's house to "appropriate" one of her 2 bottles of this. 

It's lovely, and i shalll be resting my nose somewhere down my cleavage, with eyes closed, breathing in this classic fragrance whilst watching Tv tonight. Thanks Guerlain
positive Just incredible. I'm wearing it right now.

The Shalimar ad says it so well in the tag line,  "As close to forever as a perfume can go." 

The classic amber, complete with a colorful lineage.

Everyone should do themselves a favor and  at least sample it.
positive   I'm beginning to learn that many perfumes come out smelling somewhat different on me depending on where I spray them (seriously.) When I apply this fragrance to my wrist, at first all I get is the really strong animal musk/civet smell, which I find almost a bit too much to deal with. When I apply it farther up my arm it's all lovely, soft powdery notes which are really nice and pleasant. Now that the fragrance is drying down a bit on my wrist though, I'm finding that it's turning mostly into vanilla and soft, sweet powdery notes too. I'm not sure if what I'm trying is the original or a reformulation. I suspect it's probably a modern reformulation because the sample didn't cost very much, and it smells too much like a vanilla fragrance to be the original (I think.) 
  The fragrance just changed on me again, and now I'm getting a strong impression of incense. 
  Shalimar is a really nice, unique fragrance and I definitely like it and would recommend it highly, but I doubt I would wear it very often. It's a scent that definitely comes across as a sexy evening fragrance to me. I think it might be a bit much for everyday wear. Definitely a great classic perfume though!
positive After all tese magnificent reviews, I was wondering if i should write something. Well...here...about perfume of all time. Most perfume created by real nose, remains as perfume for all times. I thik that, perfumery industry turned to FMCG as well by intoducing serials of new parfumes with new molecules and formulas and no real concept or idea, but the tought of earning. Perfumes were always art, so I am wondering why they were turned to this? Perfumes are sensed by the eldest part of the brain: rhinencephalon and only truly freeminded  and sensitive people can develop good composition.
I am sorry for this huge intoduction, but I wanted to express my opinion on the difference of the "old" perfumists who was creating their perfumes with heart and soul, and new trendy FMCG perfumes.
My flirt with this perfume dates back to 1995. I tried it again, but unfortunately during the summer, when some strange notes developed on my skin. Fortunately, I had a decant with me and tried it again. What to say...perfection made back in 1925.
It opens with lovely citrus notes wich represent the intoduction  to the most beautiful powder I ever sensed. Everything is perfectly done with right measure: sweetnes, citruses, woody and balsamic notes.
It would be nice if manufacturers does not forget that perfumes are like painting,  like music, that someone have to give to them their soul...othewise they would fall into oblivion.
Shalimar has heart and soul, which provided it with eternety in the perfumery world.
positive Love at second sniff - the first was, "Yargh! Old lady!", but wait....try it again....heaven. Smoky, vanillic, a spicy concoction that wafts about the wearer's being like a haunting mist that shifts and blends with the body's chemistry to create something altogether personal. Genius blending and, to me, pure alchemy. Beautiful.
positive Every word alfarom used to describe this is spot on. I am realllly trying to love it, but I get the same animalic note that I get in fragrances using the word civet. Now, I am a total newbie to fragrances of this magnitude and started my niche collection about two days ago, but it seems that all I am getting is that civet smell. My wrist literally is emitting wet animal derriere.  Because I understand that these things take time and this is only my first wrist spritz, I am gonna at least wait to finish the generous sample given to me by my local sephora, but I hope and pray that it morphs into something more pleasurable because like I said I really want this one to work...it's a LEGEND!!! So, I am giving it a thumbs up in honor of it's legacy, and because all of those other thumbs up's cannot be wrong ( whether it works for me or not ). I will just have to wait and see and post an update.
positive We can easily say that the house of Guerlain is french perfumery personified and, possibly, Shalimar is among its most successful and legendary creations. If you  smell it for the first time you immediatley notice its outstanding quality and complexity. Wether you'll like it or not this is, by any means, an outstanding fragrance and one of those perfumes you encounter every once in a 100 years.

An huge amber/vanilla driven composition that is particularly remarkable for its kaleidoscopic aspects. Animalic and smoky, oriental and penetrating, delightfully sweet, mysterious, intriguing....simply immense.

If you happen to wonder if "objectivity" is appliable to perfumes you should try Shalimar as it's one of the most successfull examples of how a good fragrance can go beyond genres and even personal taste.
positive We all have our classics that are nothing like we remember from back in the day.  ('I used to wear [insert classic] until they RUINED it!)  I tend to get more wistful than angry over this (Odalisque.)  But just as I've sat to write about Shalimar I've found another reaction, which is to notice and then not particularly to care.  I'm on a plane right now and passing through duty-free earlier spotted Chanel Antaeus, my first fragrance, my only signature fragrance, the one I wore exclusively in my junior and senior years of high school (81-82) and then intermittently for years.  My first thought on sniffing it was 'this is quite literally nothing like what I used to wear.'  My next thought was, 'Oh, look!  They've got  No 19 EDP!' and I went and spritzed.  

The upside of digital perfume communities is the sharing of experiences.  I have learned so much reading Basenotes reviews and threads---had more laughs, more ah ha! moments than I can count.  The downside, though, is that a perfume hobby seems to engender a nostalgia/anger about how things used to be.  There's that sense that contemporary perfumery has taken something intrinsic away from us.  Our response is often a fetish for distinction and provenance, and of course the ensuing butt-sniffing and pack hierarchy.  You know: 'I'm sure you THINK you love your current Mitsouko EDT, but you'll never truly know her until you've smelled my 1967 extrait.'  I'm as guilty as the next person.  

But Shalimar unexpectedly elicits in me an attitude I've tried to foster.  Things do change.  But I just love perfume and find immense joy in it.  Call me common, call me simple, but I currently wear the most recent Shalimar EDT and love it.  It just makes me tail-waggingly happy to smell it.  Citrus, growl, smoke, scratchy amber & vanilla, opopanax, a sly incense.  I'm sure it's not the parfum from 1925, but then again I'm not a 20s flapper.  How wonderful that that era had its Shalimar.  But they didn't have our Bois de Violette, my Insense, my Secretions Magnifiques.  This is no pollyanna desperate optimism, no deflection of resentment.  We live in a spectacular era of perfume.  

My 2010 Shalimar tells me to screw the iconography and embrace the perfume.  It also makes me imagine the fun of watching the apoplexy of the current generation of young perfumistas going as shrill as we have over the resctrictions on our beloved oakmoss.  Imagine the heel-clacking and outrage among the Angel set when ethylmaltol, identified as the causative agent in the future medical diagnosis of Acquired Intolerance Syndrome, is outlawed.  
positive Shalimar has taken me on a very strange journey which I hated at first because its scent was so alien to me that I did not know what to make of it. It reminded me of an antique powder puff left behind by some silver screen diva.

I persisted  with the ODP because, despite my initial reaction, I had also detected something totally irresistible and unique, which set it  aside from every other perfume I have worn.

Shalimar was created at a time where scents where elitist, assertive and owned by few; it is so removed from the 21st century that wearing is like immersing your self in to a time between the wars where everything seemed possible.

Like all masterpieces, you will not get it straight away and you will have persevere and open your mind to it. But once you do Shalimar becomes a magnificent addiction.
positive It is not difficult to see why Shalimar has stood the test of time.

Shalimar is still unique after all these years. Such a beautifully done fragrance, composed with careful consideration and oozing sophistication and elegance.

This fragrance is a warm, smokey and slightly spicy vanilla scent, with all the right qualities to make this sensual fragrance irresistible. 

The opening is a wonderfully obscure citrus blend complimented by cedar. This combination surprisingly works. The top notes are strong but not overly so.

The heart of this fragrance is where the magic begins. On my skin I get a warm, somewhat leathery and spicy blend of floral notes. At first this scent reminded me of calamine lotion. Thank goodness that I like that medicinal type smell. Later I got something that smelt like a mixture of cigar smoke, powdery incense and fragrant woods.

I love that Shalimar continues to change and surprise me. I love that this fragrance is so unpredictable. Guerlain has certainly outdone themselves with this masterpiece.


positive Pillar of classicism and one of the most refined, luxuriant, elusive and sophisticated fragrances of all time. Smooth, at opening luxuriously hesperidic, barely tobacco veined and talky this is the fragrance that inspired the creation of the earthy decadent Habit Rouge, yet the "Shalimar au masculin". The extreme sophistication of the juice is enhanced by its floral heart "populated" by the most sumptuous flowers as jasmine, rose and iris in order to enrich the balsams of the base after a first citrusy voluptuous traditional blast. Rose and iris are prominent and the first of two is linked to talky elements in order to provide a touch of ethereal delicacy while the further floral patterns are more pungent and angular in order to "complicate" the shadowy wake on the side of a detectable note of classic patchouli . The citrus are almost aggressive at the beginning as well as those are strong in Habit Rouge and the link with the bunch of flowers and patchouli produces an extremely elegant, classic, aristocratic and bold impact. The opoponax presence in the middle helps to understate soon the initial harsh impact of citrus in order to prepare a gradual transition towards the resinous final smootness. Some time later the angular citrus and floral elements start infact to drown in a sink of resins and balsams as vanilla, Perù balsams and gray amber that remain all dry and powdery being just at the beginning of the development barely resinous. A touch of flavoured mildness is introduced by tonka in the way that the base exudes nuances of aromatic tobacco. The dry down is anyway warm, enveloping and luxurious with its talky "smokey" mildness, ambery sandalwood and a sort of leathery suede. Shalimar is still nowadays a great choice for the lovers of sumptuous effluviums managing to teleport them in a world of mystic exoticism, sultanates, harems and esotericism.
positive What can I add to the accolades strewn like wreaths of the finest blossoms at the feet of Shalimar?  My two cents, of course!
If Chanel No. 5 is the Queen of Perfumes, then Shalimar is the empress.  No. 5 is a masterpiece of modern aldehydes.  Shalimar is a masterpiece of nature's flowers.  Funny that they appeared at almost the same time, because they couldn't be more polar of opposites.  Shalimar captures the very essence not only of flowers, but of perfumerie itself.  If a perfume is meant as more than a means to end (smelling better)--that is, as a fantasy...a catalyst for dreams--then Shalimar takes the crown. I know it's an oriental; perhaps the first.  However, to me, Shalimar is the quintessence of floral. The only flower I see listed in the pyramid is iris, but surely there are more in this garden.  The experience of Shalimar is the experience of a child smelling a flower for the first time.  Overwhelmed and entranced for life.  The Shalimar I'm talking about here is the original perfume.  I get the feeling today's Shalimar is not what it once was...
How I remember my mother going out for a formal occasion, in a ball gown(!), suffused with Shalimar her special perfume from that magic bottle ( the one with the violet stopper), coming in to kiss us goodnight.  Talk about magical!
positive Absolutely sensational, classic fragrance and without any shadow of a doubt, one of the most complex creations in all perfumery. Evolves dramatically on the skin morphing from one contrasting colour to another in bewildering, virtuoso style.

negative One of the ugliest, most pervasive scents known to man, next to cat pee.

The staying power is, of course, excellent.
negative I dont quite like it. I blind-bought it because it was oh-so praised here on basenotes. That was a mistake. It  smells pretty much like joss sticks and reminds me of red-light-establishements (thou ive never been in one :). As KatiePuckrikSmells stated in her YouTube-Review the smell was considered "a perfume with a bad reputation" and that "there are three things a "Lady" never did [..], wear shalimar", this is pretty much spot on. Its not western-classy but oriental-brothelesque.. thumbs down.

neutral i have the reformulated version from 2011....and must say its a big dissapointment...
 but on the original parfume i can say its the best idea behind any female parfume, combination of citrusy-bergamot and vanilla-amber, incense notes....all the best i like, so feminine and powdery and so special, creme brulle :), and not so many parfumes that play with simmilar notes
thats what i want and thats what its worth having, but not when they put reformulations and think people who buy shalimar wont notice it? ...becasue if it smelled like this before i am sure it would not be such a popular scent, this 2011 version  resembles too much to dior homme, its more of a hay and less of smoky creme brulle. but ok will survive it :)

EDIT:i could not survive it so i sold it and managed to buy EDT vintage, it smells like real icon now! its not so sharp, offensive, citrus layed over hay, but its cremme brulle, i finally get the vanilla!! which i could not findin new EDP,  its like hearing a song from the mouth of a man and a robot, this is the difference for me between vintage and modern perfume, they want to speak the same words but cant reach my heart, amazing experience for me to see how these things do matter!! and reformulations are bad thing!
neutral First try with this, strong oriental vibe, loved the bergamot but it faded quickly. Liked the scent overall. I totally missed the iris, but my husband thought it smelled like "baby powder". Interesting spicy tone in a nice soft vanilla base. 

I will try this one again, but kind of disappointed so far.

***Update 10/15/11***
Maybe my first trial was a stale sample, this time is much nicer! Now I pick up the iris notes as well, that's part of the powder I think. Husband likes it better this time, too.

***Update 09/25/16***
Not in love. At all. The first hour or two is interesting, then it dissolves into sugary-powder. It seriously smells like candy on my skin. Lasts all day, too. I think I'll be swapping this one...

neutral Shalimar has always confused me.  Two women I knew in the 1970's wore it, and it smelled quite different on each, so I never could find it's identity.  Last year i purchased a brand new bottle and sprayed it on.  The top notes were lovely, but the drydown was pure coumarin or some coumarin substitute.  Sadly, coumarin becomes quite bitter and uncomfortable on my skin but lasts forever.  I tried it a few more times with the same results.  Shalimar was moved to the back of the cabinet.
Two months ago I found a mystery bottle of Guerlain for sale.  It had no label but was the familiar round bottle with the crystal stopper and was quite affordable.  I snatched it up and dabbed it on.  The top notes had gone off but what followed was heavenly.  I guessed that it might have been Shalimar, but with no label it was merely guessing. Whatever it was, it was so different from the current Shalimar.
Today I received another bottle (round bottle w/ crystal stopper) off the internet, this one with a label.  Definitely Shalimar.  I dabbed both bottles on my wrists, and they are identical and wonderful.  Full, rich and delicious.  Totally Guerlain.
So.  How do I rate this perfume that smells so amazing in it's vintage incarnation and so painful in it's current state?  I'm afraid it will have to be neutral for now.
positive This is a hit with the ladies in Kochi, India.

Up there with Boss Bottled as a head turner.
positive I grew up with my dad wearing Eternity throughout my entire childhood. My mom was highly irritated by most frags however eternity she loved. To this day I always have a bottle on hand. Nobody will ever say eww you smell awful nor will the women be crawling all over you. Eternity is very pleasent and fresh and great for the office or occasions such. I no longer wear it as much however when i do i still get the "oh you smell nice" from someone.
positive It's going to be hard for me to try and review this objectively, as I wore this stuff as a young teenager and smelling it gives me automatic flashbacks to that time, and as is usual during times of reminiscence, the memories are good.

I first bought this on a cruise ship that was headed to Bermuda when I was thirteen.  We were at sea, and looking for things to do, I must have wandered into the clothing shop, and I ended up buying a bottle.    This was the first "fragrance" that I really liked and owned.  As I got older, I wrote it off as popular dreck -- as people in their twenties and thirties are wont to do when they feel that they have come to know everything -- as I believed that I was above all of that stuff that the uneducated commoners would wear (I was basically believing in the type of pseudo-elitism that Creed and some other niche houses have made a mint on propagating).  Now that I'm more mature and have my head screwed on a bit tighter than before, I can appreciate this for what it is and what impact it had.

This is a calone bomb with other supporting actors.  A sandalwood base holds it down while lavender and calone take the main stage, with everything else seeming to be set dressing.  This fragrance is so indicative of the time period, and so long as you can keep that in mind and appreciate what Eternity for Men is, and just as importantly, when it came out, it all makes sense and it succeeds at what it does.  In the '80s you could find guys wearing Bijan for Men (1981), but now that smells like an out of place relic.  One that, if still worn today, is the property of a collector who appreciates the past, or somebody woefully trapped in it.  Eternity is still very accessible, and though it definitely harkens to a different era, it's still enjoyable to wear and it's still something that can be pulled off today without seeming like you've made a quantum leap into the wrong year.

On it's own, it's okay, but in the fragrance world there are some "reference pieces" that everyone should experience, and this is certainly one of them.   Yes, I'm biased to it, but that's the beauty of art; it can transport you to another time and place.

Thumbs up.
positive The overarching of Eternity is green and botanical for all eternity, or at least until the end. Additional freshness is provided initially by an infusion of an orangey citrus that is quite pleasant. 

Soon a nice lavender arises, and together with a good touch of basil continues the green theme, occasionally with a slightly grassy touch.

The base has a nonspecific woodsy undertone, what seems to have become more generic over the years, and is suspicious of some reformulation over time. There is a slash of a slightly anaemic vetiver evident to brighten up the final stages. 

I get moderate sillage, good projection and five hours of longevity on my skin.  

Overall an agreeable spring scent, which originally was composed of decent-quality ingredients.  Having been a staple of mine for years, I could not fail to note a movement towards becoming blander over time, with the top notes deteriorating the least.  3.5/5 for the original impression, now 3.25/5.  
positive This fragrance I still like to a degree.In my eyes as cheap as Eternity for Men is now? that's the logical price tag.$70 for this back in the day was offering an 'innovative' scent as one of the original fresh scents in 1989 along with Claiborne for Men.

From Eternity for Men I don't get any basil or sage...but I do vetiver.Very transparent citrus and white soapy lavender fizzed with a slightly aldehydic edge attacking the grassy vetiver and leaving their trail behind as they spread cleanliness throughout.Sandalwood compliments a faint warmth to this which I think without it? could show more edge...but it's a calming touch to Eternity.Something in the mid between the vetiver soapy side and the sandalwood...it's a little fruity sweet and transparent.Comes off grape candy and/or melon sweet...it's 'Calone'.Mixed thoughts about this synthetic note but the exact shaping of it doesn't make me think it suits the fragrance. I'm thinking a little leather would have been the perfect substitute.

A decent fragrance that's now pretty affordable. Good for any kind of wear really because it's inoffensive. It is easy to get bored from though because it's bitter and bright green. It's easy to reach for but also makes you hesitate to reach for something darker and deeper in a men's fragrance. I'll give a thumbs up because I still like it and it is nostalgic.


positive Calvin Klein nearly has the ubiquity and brand appeal of Coca-Cola in the United States, and it's mostly due to this scent, both in it's previously-released original feminine version and this masculine variant that appeared a few years later. The name "Eternity" has proved apt, particularly for the masculine variety, as it's spawned countless flankers and is one of the most commonly-sniffed-in-public male fragrances around, even nearly 30 years after it's launch. Obsession for Men (1986) might be the romantic standard for the CK masculines, but Eternity is the nine to five workweek staple. Eternity wasn't the first "freshie" as perfume hobbyists like to affectionately call all things in this or it's adjacent categories, but it was the first of it's type with enough mainstream brand power to truly make an impact on the masculine fragrance scene of the late 1980's, setting up what would be a 90's revolution hotly contested on it's merits by collectors and fans of male scent to this day. In short, Eternity was the final push that started the big kill-off of all previous conventions in male-targeted perfumery. Creed's Green Irish Tweet (1985) is probably the first sufficiently-documented example of a fresh fragrance, but it was just too exclusive, too expensive, and too niche (at the time), but was followed up some years later by Davidoff's Cool Water (1988), which smelled as the name sounds and became a huge contrast against a backdrop of all the oakmoss and patchouli-heavy "powerhouses" that choked up offices in the decade. Even Cool Water wasn't indeed "for everyone" as some people just weren't ready for an out-and-out aquatic, nor did Davidoff have the star power behind it that CK wielded. Little did anyone realize what kind of a tidal shift in masculine fragrance paradigms this would cause, and that shift would only just start to fade in favor of yet another set of values after 3 decades. The secret to the success of this scent is unarguably it's resurrection of the time-honored lavender and geranium pairing seen countless times throughout the Victorian age, then again in mid-century drugstore cologne or after shave. These two elements became muddled and downright befuddled after the 1960's started heaping aromatics like spice rack greens, rose, carnation, pine, various woods, and musks, giving rise to the much more macho fougères that segued into the very powerhouses that this scent rendered extinct. Funny how it all comes full circle huh?

Eternity for Men entered the mainstream fragrance-buying market like a wrecking ball, with billboard ads and magazine inserts, commercials and samples galore. It wasn't just an aquatic or fresh scent; the third chapter in Calvin's masculine scent story was married to classic fougère notes, yet didn't contain tonka or oakmoss as was previously considered a prerequisite for the genre. Love it or hate it, Eternity is a clever smell made by an equally clever perfumer who's creations have molded the evolution of the craft, namely Carlos Benaim. Yes, we're talking the same guy who bequeathed us Ralph Lauren's iconic pine and moss blast known as Polo (1978), and also went on to make 4 more Polo flankers including a remake of the original, the also-icon Polo Blue (2002), and has for all intents and purposes remained a house perfumer for Calvin Klein to boot. He knew taking something deep-rooted and familiar, then twisting it with the new and the daring was the only way to ease the transition for people still clinging to their bottles of Kouros (1981). Almost everyone loves the aforementioned lavender, geranium, and other such barbershop staples. Eternity opens much as one might expect from this genre by now: a strong whiff of calone (under the guise of "green botantics") carries subtle orange and lavender notes, keying in a telltale sweet astringency anchored by just a touch of the familiar to keep it from being repugnant, before melting into layers of commonly-used herbs and florals in the middle, then finalizing with the aforementioned sandalwood, vetiver, amber, and rosewood in finishing touches. The high-contrast calone note is the real "eternity" of this one, despite being a top note, as it never goes away thanks to it's binding with lavender in the heart. Anyone familiar with the preceding Aramis take on the genre known as New West (1988) will instantly understand what an enduring calone note is like (even if New West is more melon-y), and can already predict half of this juice's performance. New West was just too sweet and juicy for the mainstream, and despite technically beating Eternity to the punch on the idea, isn't really quite as universally appealing, since it didn't try tying anything familiar into it's fresh formula. All the other ingredients here, however natural and reassuring, surf on a shimmering wave of said calone, a suspension of notes which comes to define Eternity for Men more than anything else about it. 

There's a lot of sentiment attached to this one, in part due to it's insane popularity, and in part due to the changes in style it caused that made many a man mourn the loss of his previously-favorite fragrance. Like anything that causes a massive changing of the guard, there are those who resent it for abolishing the old ways, and those who embrace it as the start of -their own- set of traditions. For certain, it ranks up there with Acqua di Gio (1996) as one of the most-worn masculines ever. The antediluvian types will always throw stones at this as some sort of Antichrist in a bottle (indeed seeing the designer itself as such a devil), since it marked the final days of their favorite aromatics, musks, or powerhouses; it caused a death further asserted by CK's own continued foray into synthetics that started a 90's trend which made heavier scents taboo, then eulogized by 2011 IFRA restriction on treemoss and oakmoss. The house of Calvin Klein himself would seemingly become obsessed with the artifice on display here for years to come, creating what I call "The Age of Eternity" and using impressionistic "Kleinisms" in place of real notes going forward. Gen X'ers and Millenials who discovered this first will have the same nostalgia trip out of it that those older dudes get from a bottle of something from Paco Rabanne or Bogart, and I sit squarely in the middle because my tastes are far broader than the lot of them (as they are in most areas). I'll concede that it pushes a lot of most-common-denominator buttons, and Mr. Benaim was likely intent on having it do just that, but I'm not sure if it was the beginning of some scheme to convince guys "bland was better" to make it easier to sell more cheaply-made stuff for the same designer price. I just think it was a back-to-basics kind of scent with no expectation of the revolution it caused, and the trajectory of CK's designs going forward was just as much a reaction to the success of Eternity as designs from any other house in it's wake. Eternity is a spring or summer inoffensive office scent, and it's honestly not a bad choice because it's just such a simple lavender, geranium, and sandalwood composition once you cut out all the fluff. There isn't a lick of romance or scandal to it, but neither is there to most of the older barbershop fougères it plagiarizes. I see it too as more of a reaction rather than an initiative, and reactions often beget more reactions, and after 30 years of ripples, here we are, stuck in Eternity. 
positive Just a nice pleasant old school fresh scent, still like it after all these years!
positive I had first tried this in a holiday sampler pack that came bundled with this as well as Obsession, Escape, and CK One. While I liked them all this was probably my third favorite of the bunch behind CK One and Obsession. This one starts out sort of smelling like a glade plugin air freshener. The longer you wear it it gives way to a kind of green and woody scent. This one is kind of a sweet and sour cologne. Some days I can get this one to last longer and on those days it retains it's sweet scent other days it gets a little sour and the scent fades faster. Overall a decent fragrance considering you can get a small bottle at Walmart for under $25. I think it lasts longer and is best suited for warmer days.
positive A great scent from Calvin Klein!  Eternity definitely is noticed by others whenever I wear it, and I've been complimented several times.

Eternity is a classy, pungent cologne that has shimmering layers of spiciness, aquatics, citrus, and warmth from the lavender and geranium.  One friend commented on smelling Bay rum in the fragrance; it's not in the official scent triangle, but I think he was on point.  

I haven't smelled the vintage vs. newer formulation, so I can't make any comparisons as other basenotes have so aptly done.  But overall, Eternity is an understated legend that's worth a try.

positive  Long ago I avoided reviewing this and several other fragrances simply because they had plenty enough reviews already. Now I feel compelled to throw in my two cents because of how my perception has changed over the years. Until now I never quite realized how very 80's the heart and base are, losing myself in the lavender and calone opening. But the bitter greens and white florals, on closer inspection, are more akin to scents like the original Burberrys than the wave of herbaceous aquatics that followed Eternity's release. Heck, I never even noticed there was vetiver in this composition until today. I have always liked Calvin Klein despite their many shortcomings (CK Free and Encounter spring immediately to mind), and Mr. Klein and I share a birthday (Yippee!), and I feel this release deserves its level of fame- It is synthetic yet potent, a bit screechy if over-sprayed, but is layered and nuanced in a way which seems to be fading from the common release. My one caveat is that the current version in production is -maybe- 65 percent the strength of the original.
   Thumbs up for the original creation and a watered down neutral for the schlock currently on the shelves.
positive A one more example of the fragrance that is ruined by a reformulation.  Both longevity and sillage has gone. So I'm reviewing the vintage Eternity for men which I have purchased several bottles. That's the original CK Cosmetics version and somewhere in the mid 2000's the Unilever version. (the reformulated current version being the Coty Prestige one.) Ca. 50% of my purchased bottles had turned bad, and I'm left with 3 good vintage bottles. They smell amazingly good and different from the current formula. Much more potent! Based on my own experiences, i'd say Eternity turns relatively easily bad - a word of warning to any other possible vintage hunters. 

I find this a refreshing and comforting woody aromatic which has especially very nice sort of sharp top citrus notes (lemon, mandarin, bergamot).  The lavender is excellent here. The citruses are not at any phase too dominant. Aloof, clear, sharp, herbal, aromatic. In the middle notes I find an aspect of beautiful sadness/melancholy. Don't know where it exactly comes from, maybe the lavender-other florals-vetiver combo (?). Corresponds well with the name Eternity.  For me this works best as a good needed change after some heavier, sweeter, powerhouse fragrances.  The times when one needs lighter, refreshing, comforting, cooling, maybe even a bit sporty fragrance. It's not aquatic though, which is a big plus for me.  For those who search for compliments, this one works in that sense. Strictly masculine, I find nothing unisex or feminine here.  The base woods are vetiver, sandalwood and rosewood.

I go with 3-4 sprays of which one to the arm(s), the rest to neck-chest area. As for vintage Eternity, there's no need to spray more, you'll get noticed by others - and in a positive way! One extra spray from long distance to shirt, or spray to the air and "walk through the mist" is a good idea.  Works well as an office scent. Afaik it's not so popular any more (versus in the 90's) - it may offer a certain amount of individuality.


positive Salutation.

ETERNITY is my favorite fragrance of the CK in my coleection.it is my fragrance while i was in the university and all friends were loving me because of my lovely aromatic fougere and i still love it.

In my opinion the fragrance smells so different.it is a kind fragrances a man should wear it with chic style.not sharp fruity for me It opens with a fresh scent with some mild citrus noses.

I think it is suitable for every age and every taste because it is really clean and beautiful scent..delightful composition and perfect for spring days and very long losting.

7.75/10 

negative Well, I'm sure this has got worse over time. I remember it being extremely popular back in the 90s, no doubt due to that period of CK marketing when they could do no wrong. And there were some good scents, to be sure. However, this is now the smell of fresh laundry. And to be sure, there's a place for fresh laundry. But ... well, you can fill in the rest for yourselves. 
negative Whatever reformulation Coty or whoever owns Calvin Klein fragrances has done willfully and successfully killed this fragrance. Vintage bottles are going over $100 online and I can't stand to pay retail for a true branded bottle that smells like a knock-off. Someone should pay dearly for messing up this fragrance.
negative I'm sure it's been reformulated, but I can't stand this one anymore. Definitely bitter/sour scent. I couldn't even wear it because I hated the scent. Gave my bottle away to Goodwill.
negative Current drugstore formulation is a cut-down, outdated sour concoction.  Stay away no matter the price.
negative Desperately bad on every level. Basically a musky citrus-lavender fragrance smelling like a fizzy warm burp after drinking cheap Limoncello. Deadly everlasting persistence. Gross and discomforting.

4/10
negative A few years ago, in the nascent stages of my interest in fragrances, I purchased a Calvin Klein sampler that included 0.5 oz bottles of Obsession, Euphoria, Eternity Aqua, and Eternity.  While I instantly fell in love with Obsession and labeled Euphoria and Eternity Aqua boring but wearable, I disliked Eternity from the beginning.  I knew nothing about synthetic ingredients or olfactory pyramids then.  All I knew was that I didn't like how it smelled in the bottle and that it was the near opposite of what I wanted to smell like.  It was bland and I remember thinking that it smelled like someone who didn't know what they wanted. Watery and slightly feminine--but not in a lovely, desirable way--but decidedly made for men.  I tried wearing it twice but scrubbed it off after a few minutes.

Now, I know that it's a light fougere.  That it inspired a generation of generic fragrances based on the "lavender top notes, citrus/green/floral top-to-mid notes, sandalwood/vetiver/amber base notes" formula. That it is still widely used and that it really is just as boring as I originally thought.  That I got ripped off and should have just bought a bottle of Obsession instead of the sampler with three other bottles of juice that I have not worn in years.

Don't get me wrong, it doesn't stink.  It smells clean in a vague synthetic way.  I'm sure that it is an acceptable smell for many older men or even younger conservative ones.  It's just not for me nor is it a good fit for those who are looking for something unique.  Something that makes a statement.

Rather than being called Eternity, it should have been called Conformity.  
negative Genre: Fougère

Eternity is as close to “generic” a men’s fragrance I’ve smelled in a while. The composition is so bland, so faceless, that I’m not sure I can describe it in terms of notes and ingredients. Etermity’s top notes are a vague, undifferentiated citrus (dihydromyrcenal?) and Calone, as blatantly chemical as any store brand shower gel, and its core smells like the lowest common denominator of every stereotypical “fresh” fruity-aquatic fougère since Cool Water. Ideally, any scent so little distinguished from its peers in terms of composition should exhibit outstanding quality to justify purchase. Eternity for Men does nothing of the sort. It’s not only trite, but shoddy to boot. Not worth another line of text.

neutral Neutral. Upon release, I wore this fragrance in deference to Carlos Benaim, who authored my beloved Polo Green. Ultimately, it never fully resonated with my tastes and the bottle was relegated to under the sink forever more. Despite the annoying, wrecking ball level of mass marketing - this frag deserves it's place amongst the best of 1989 releases.  

3 stars. 
neutral My best pal used to have this as his signature scent for years. He’s since expanded his cologne collection but I recently bought it myself in a bargain box-set with 100ml edt, 100ml aftershave balm plus the deo stick.

It’s very 90s but is one of the iconic classics from Calvin Klein along with Obsession and CK One.

It’s very synthetic and best described as a soapy but sweet mix of lavender, citrus and vetiver.

It was popular when I was a kid and I wore it then too - reminds me of playing NBA Jam on Sega whilst listening to Snoop Dogg and Pearl Jam - yep, it’s at 90s as that!

Worth picking up for £25 / $30 but that’s about it.
neutral I really like this opening, it’s gorgeous. It reminds me of my youth, as I was born around the year this fragrance was created. It’s a scent that I always had faint memories of, but not quite sure exactly what cologne I was remembering, and then I smelled it at a store and BINGO! Definitely is a great, clean, safe, everyday fragrance. The first impression is VERY crisp and clean, a bit floral but not feminine in any way, and airy. You get a perfect mixture of fresh greens, florals (the lavender is really nice), citrus, and a slightly woody base (but pretty much ZERO depth).

My biggest complaint is the synthetic dry-down that brings out some bitter and sour/chemically notes... and sometimes straight up makes me want to rub it off. It’s like the overall scent of laundered clothes but it can kind of give me a headache as if I’m sniffing chemicals, hard to describe but it’s not always pleasant.

However it is a classic and, along with Tommy, the ultimate scent of the 90s in my opinion. Just be aware it’s insanely common and to some it’s very dated. It’s a staple and every man should have a bottle at least once in their life (probably as a teen, high school years), I mean it’s not offensive or bad, it’s continually a best seller for a reason, it’s just a bit cliche and can be synthetic.

I used to love and swear by CK, they were cheap and smelled good, and I really had no idea about any frags with true depth and class, so the more I get to know fragrances, I truly realize why some people label Eternity (and pretty much every single CK frag) as generic, but I don’t like to be a snob, so really who cares, if the scent is good for and you enjoy it, go ahead and wear it, I will always keep these around because sometimes, the situation calls for it! :) It will most likely always be a popular, good smelling scent which may have suffered a bit from reformulation (reduced longevity, more synthetic possibly), but it's just too hard not to like it overall, mostly due to nostalgia honestly. 

I will say this with the best intentions, I’d definitely encourage exploring more fragrances if you are a fan of Eternity, it’s a great place to start! But it would truly be a shame if you stopped there. I truly used to think this was the best scent in the world... until I started really learning and exploring all the others. Dive in!! 
Opening: 8.25/10
Dry down: 4/10
Longevity: 5/10
neutral I was never really a big fan of Eternity. It was just very fresh and quite nice. There was nothing to really dislike. I just found it kinda boring. 
neutral I first wore this 1990 to 1991 and love it.
It has an unusual sweet smell.
I bought it in 2017 out of nostalgia and I secretely kind of like it... I do not know though, whether this has been reformulated since the nineties or I purchased old (out of date) stock because its longevity is poor... I remember ETERNITY lasted for ages
For me 5/10
neutral Back in the day, I remember smelling Eternity as a kid.
Smelling this today, it's as I remember it.
At least the opening.

Everyone describes Eternity as synthetic. I guess it is. It doesn't smell cheap or immature though, like many fragrances targeted towards teens in the late 90s/early 2000s.
It's very classy, sharp, and goes well with formal attire, although casual works well too.

The thing I don't like about it is, after about two hours you lose that sharp, green/citrus opening, and it softens out to this more powdery, white musk scent.
This, I believe is what everyone is referring to when they say it smells generic.

SMELLS LIKE:

Aqua Quorum. Eternity + Cool Water = Aqua Quorum.

Curve and Luck You are the teenage kids of Eternity. 

CONCLUSION:
To me, this is one of the most classic fragrances of all time. The scent for the first one or two hours is amazing. 
But the dry down to that powdery musk part, which exists for the rest of the fragrances life span is boring and not that good. 
If somehow the opening could last the whole time, or the dry down got more interesting, this would be perfection.


neutral And safe and good for any occasion. A bit nostalgic for those of us who were young enough to remember this when it first launched and every popular guy in high school was wearing it.

You can't go wrong with this classic. 
neutral This is a shadow of what it used to be.  Back in high school, every guy had a bottle of this and the halls were filled with clouds of Eternity.  Why?  Because all the high school girls loved it - including my girlfriend (who is now my wife).  

25 or so years later, I picked up a bottle for some nostalgia.  It's almost unwearable now in its reformulation but there's still a ghost of the original lying here and there underneath.  For this reason I keep it around if we want a trip down memory lane.
neutral This is a classic scent in my book with the citrus and lavender, but I find it a bit too synthetic.  At first, I was a little surprised how much this one jumped off my skin, but, in the end, I got just average performance with this.  Of course, if you wore this in Summer, it could probably be too much.
neutral I never liked this when it came out but I was recently given a sample and I thought I'd give it a try.  After a full day, I have to say that it is okay--synthetic and oddly harsh, in its light, fresh fougere way.  Eternity is not horrible but also adds nothing to the genre (which it helped popularize).  I wore it on a slightly overcast day at the beach (where I rarely wear anything) and it fit in well enough while I knocked around and did some errands.  Calvin Klein's scents just elude me--I have never found one I like and some I actually strongly dislike.  It is nice, occasionally, to retry things on the off chance that you will discover a new-found love or at least to confirm your earlier impressions.  Impression confirmed.  
neutral Eternity used to be one of my main fragrances in the early 90's.   As I began to learn about fragrance diversity and expand my collection, I wore Eternity less and less and finally threw out the remaining bottle, which was almost gone anyway after 15 years.  As other reviews have stated, Eternity is just too bland and boring in today's marketplace and there are so much better safe office scents available that are more intelligent and interesting.
positive Well I fell in love with Eternity in 1992. It has a special place among other fragrances I use. My now wife liked the scent before we even met. Somehow it does work on me, although lately they have been experimenting and it looks like thy have toned down the cologne. I still like the lavender in it. Good for daily wear.
positive As other said, i agree that Eternity is a classic and timeless. A must have to everyone that likes fragrances. But looks like it had been reformulated lately, which turned in to a very weak version if compared to the 90's version. 
positive Smells like a watery citrus. I could see why this was popular in its day. It smells appealing, not fresh but still very good. Try it!

Scent 8
Longevity 4
Sillage 4
positive A classic fragrance.  Citrus based, works best in warm weather.  Everyone recognizes it.  Lasts exceptionally long.  which is good in warm weather. 
positive Still love this one.  Not sure if its partially boosted by sentimentality, but love the notes and memories it brings.  Good longevity and projection.  There's a reason it's so popular and popularity often brings a scent down.  Still a thumbs up.
positive Oh...Every time I smell it. I am surprised.It is really enjoyable for me.
positive Creamy and soapy along these years, yet not an obsolete fragrance. it may have been overused for several years but it is not, for today. I have not smelled something like that. Soapy but not ambery(for example not like prada amber ph), not vetiver like(for example not like tom ford grey vetiver), just a green herbal soap, slightly walking on a rope but not falling down. Sage, basil, lavender and some citrus dominating the sequence, it is a non offending gentle fragrance. Nothing sexy about it ok, but being sexy lies behind very attitude of yourself... 

negative Very blah! Not a fan at all...
negative Hard to like and hard to dislike.  Eternity starts out smelling like a nice green fern that is pleasant but it gets very synthetic and irritating as it settles into a synthetic mess of lavender, moss and vetiver.  You can see what Dinand was trying to do but the cheap materials ruin the batch.  Now that it's been rejuiced to lessen the Oak Moss load, it's practically unwearable.  In place of Eternity for Men, I'd recommend getting Lancôme's Miracle Homme L'Aquatonic or Esencia Loewe.

4/10
negative Eternity by Calvin Klein	While the fresh soapy opening and lavendar mid notes are appealing, it dries down into a typical woody spicy fragrance that is rather typical and dated.  Still some people will really like this, but us fragrance snobs have been treated to much better options out there.
negative I can't stand it... It gives me headache... still is...
negative I felt compelled to add my review of this in answer to the "no woman dislikes this fragrance" reviews. 

Well, this woman dislikes this fragrance. It starts off pleasingly enough with a nice fresh herbal, but those notes run for the exit immediately, leaving only a synthetic, unpleasantly aquatic soap smell behind. No masculinity, absolutely no sex appeal. Actually, I'd prefer Irish Spring on him. At least it's honest.

The only way I could enjoy this on my husband is if I stand next to him in the morning while he sprays it on and then leaves the house for the next eight hours. Yes, on him, it has shocking longevity.

Unfortunately, I think I'm the only one that feels this way. He always gets lots of compliments when he wears it.


negative A clean smelling fougere, in the way soap scum is clean.
I get the fresh green thing they were going for, but I can't get past the soapy smell.  If I just catch a whiff I get the lavender herbal wood, but it soon is dominated by soap.
negative Soapy and unnatural cheap fragrance.
negative I've never been a fan of any CK fragrance...  Let's get that straight.  IMO Eternity has been the most popular and well received fragrance out of the house according to the general public.  However, since I'm giving it a thumbs down that should tell you how I feel about it as well as CK's other concoctions.  Simply put Calvin Klein's Eternity isn't well received in my world.  It's generic smelling, boring, I imagine myself wearing this if I want to watch paint dry.  What I get out of this is a very subtle floral with some faint woods in the drydown.  I find that the longevity and projection on me are bare minimal.  Does this fragrance garner female compliments?  Yes.  Does it receive compliments because women have been overexposed to this due to its price tag and years on the market?  Most definitely.  If you are wearing this to attract women then stop.  If you are wearing this because your partner enjoys it then fine.  My suggestion is to sample some newer fragrances because IMO any current day fragrance blows this stuff out of the 80s and into a garbage can.

Longevity: 6 I get 6 hours tops.
Projection: 6 This one is meant for closer contact IMO.  
Compliments: 7 There are several women that I know of that enjoy this.
Smell: 4 This just does nothing for me.

Overall: 5.8 out of 10
negative Bitter citrus opening that got worse after the top notes wore off...One of the few frangrances that I had to wash off soon after application.
negative I was going to blind buy this, I'm so glad I didn't. I was surprised how much I disliked this after reading so many positive reviews. Mostly I get a sharp syrupy grape candy smell which I couldn't wait to wash off. Many reviewers seem to have nostalgic memories attached to this fragrance but not me..I didn't even sample it until recently. No my cup of tea at all. 
negative One of my least favorite scents.  This was ridiculously popular when I was in my teens (I am showing my age a bit here) and I did not like it back then even though I, like everyone else had a bottle (gotten as a gift).  Now many, many years later I still find myself cringing at even the thought of smelling this scent again as it was so loud, popular and over applied by most everyone I came in contact with.  There certainly are worse scents out there to be sure, but this one just has horrible memories for me associated with it, so I give it an easy "avoid" recommendation.  Polo Green was my other staple back then and I still like that one. 1 out of 5 stars for this turkey.
negative Washing your hands and face with Irish Spring soap will produce approximately the same result as spraying on Calvin Klein's Eternity.

Eternity also shares many similarities with Mugler Cologne. They could be brothers. 

Overall, I couldn't get past my association of this scent with the soap or cleaning products used in public restrooms, perhaps at a mid- to upscale restaurant. 

It's a fresh, clean scent, but in an industrial kind of way. Something you might expect poured out of a 50 gallon drum.

neutral This was my signature scent in the mid-'90s.  And smelling it now brings back that era--light and woody with hints of citrus and a great vetiver.  I could wear it easily and it seemed to work for just about any occasion.  I still think it's a good fragrance.  I finally just tired of how synthetic it was (which maybe was also why I liked it in the first place).  I think perhaps I got a bit older and my taste changed to heavier fougères.  But still many good memories of this one.
neutral Not into eternityWell its a classic ! Point made but... But it is a transparant scent for me in a neutral way, fresh and calming but not very interesting.OK i think there are not many men (and women) who will dislike this one on a person wearing it but ...If i may give a tip for a better alternative try Lanvins HommeIts in the same vibe. I used to like the version from the early nineties  better as this version had some extra edge which the current formulation lacks .The 90's Eternity had a better sandalwood/lavender composition with the greens running around.New formulation is soul-lessThats why i give this one just 1 decade instead of eternity.Pros: Clean and soapyCons: Thin reformulation without a bite."
neutral Worthless reformulation by Coty	Coty reformulated this juice so that it's just a weak version of its vintage self. And that's after at least one prior reformulation by Unilever. 	The vintage is a rich bourbon in color; current production looks more like Budwiser on ice. Instead of spending a fortune to market Eternity and Obsession spin-offs like Eternity Aqua, Eternity Summer, Dark Obession and Obsession Night, Coty would fare better by not watering down the original, highly successful formulations. 	Two knock-offs I know of that come close to vintage Eternity for Men are Very Sexy for Men by Victoria's Secret and Séx?al pour Homme by Michel Germain. I've compared Very Sexy, Séx?al and current Eternity, on skin, side-by-side. 	Séx?al pour Homme has the best longevity, though it's hardly what I would hope for. Very Sexy has almost no longevity at all; it feels as though it's gone in ten minutes. Current Eternity for Men falls somewhere between those extremes. 	Plus Séx?al pour Homme holds a bit more spice and sweet bite in the drydown than either. 	So, though it's not all that well-known, I rely on Séx?al pour Homme for every day usage.  Meanwhile, I keep a bottle of Very Sexy displayed on the vanity for the ladies to admire ... as well as for refreshing Séx?al pour Homme while at home. I leave the lame Coty reformulation of Eternity for Men to gullible shoppers in the mall. 	And I keep an eBay search on for vintage Eternity for Men juice ... though I am more likely to find a live unicorn for sale first. 	Suggestions regarding in-production substitutes for vintage Eternity for Men would be readily welcomed.
neutral This is one of the scents that I started on as a teenager.  I wore it because my dad wore and still wears it today.  I agree with the people that say that no woman dislikes Eternity for men because I have yet to meet one that does.  That being said it's pleasant enough and inoffensive.  Nothing spectacular really and it is synthetic smelling.  There's something in it that makes me sneeze which is why I stopped wearing it in the first place.  It does have good longevity for especially for the price.  Not something I would consider buying again though.
neutral It´s a kind of ok smell, but lacks longevity on my skin, and thats a big deal to me. You should try before buy it, but it might work for you.
neutral One of those old school frags you can't hate. A little strong at the initial spray, but quickly turns to an aquatic and citrus gem. I wear it to the gym once in a while (Two sprays.....Done).
neutral A blast from my high school days. The citrus and flowery opening is huge. Like punch you in the face huge. Then you keep the flowers and add some spices, especially basil (like fresh cut basil from the garden). The dry down keeps the spice and adds wood. 

It's popular. You've smelled it, even if you didn't know it. You can get it cheap at CVS. It's loud, abrasive, and many women, particularly children of the late 80s and early 90s, love it. It's not linear but it's not exactly well-made. It smells like the prototypical $30 cologne you'd buy for your teenage son for his 8th grade dance. 
neutral I really wanted to like this but just something about it doesn't smell right to me. It's a bit classy but just seems a little too 'mature' for my smell. Longetivity is great and so is projection, just can't seem to like the fragrance as much though.
neutral It is a bit lacking in subtlety for me and clearly used to death but I cant give it the thumbs down, that basilly lavender blast is just too heady and kind of pleasant for that. Still has its place as a great young mans fragrance, as long as you can pick it up cheaply.
neutral One of the best sellers of the 90's and no surprise why it a fragrance the public will like and shed out for.

Fresh, green and yes a bit too synthetic  but its pleasant to wear 

almost a thumbs up
neutral The melancholy Eternity, with its citrusy traditional (lavender) opening, its astringent floral-herbal romantic heart and its woody, piquant and masculine base, smells like a sort of cleaned by spices, slightly ozonic and sour traditional powerhouse, masculine, comforting  and clear. There is a certain level of bitterness very appealing and pungent that is the perfect shelter for the romanticism of a deep, almost tasty, neroli accord plus moody jasmine. The base is slightly aromatic and warm due woods and roots that retain the general drought of the juice and owns a different kind of woody-ambery mildness on the side of the diverse citrusy-floral initial sweetness. These elements determine a touch of dissonance and complexity that give dignity to the juice. Many fragrances remind in their dry down the smell of Eternity and I think to Cool Water, Green Irish tweed, Joop Nightflight, Egoiste Platinum and many many others. The dry herbal and fruity-floral formula with woods and amber at base is a risky recipe cause a lot crossed by the noses all around and because of its common tart and floral monothematic depth. Eternity lacks indeed uniqueness, smells synthetic and is a somewhat generic (the formula is similar to the one of many bath energetic foams or chip and common fragrances) although fortunately preserves a touch of articulation. Clean, dignified, masculine, nostalgic.
positive It was very difficult for me to smell this fragrance again. Eternity was once a scent that made me comfortable, happy, dizzy and head over heels in love. However, smelling this fragrance now only makes me sad and nostalgic.

My first love wore Eternity every day. For almost four years and most of my teenage years, Eternity was more than just a cologne. 

This cologne is citrusy, fresh, clean and masculine. It's not outright sexy, it's more of a subtle sexy scent. A man that wears Eternity is a man that is kind and someone you can trust. 

The blend of citruses with the herbs and flowers are beautiful and comforting. I could spend hours just cuddling up to a man wearing this scent without getting a headache or feeling nauseous. 

Many men may be discouraged from buying this because it's so popular, yet I don't think it's popularity should deter them. I don't know of any woman that dislikes this cologne, so it is guaranteed to please.

It's a shame that this fragrance has too many memories connected to it. I would love to be able to enjoy this scent for what it is and not be reminded of the past. But I guess that's the beauty of scent recognition.


positive This was the first cologne ive smelled and ever since iv'e loved it. Its my signature scent and I'll always have this one. Its innofensive, green, and soapy. Great summer/ spring scent. I'd give it a 8.5/10
positive Eternity for men. A fresh fougere with a warm, sandalwood dry-down. Smells like that bada** older cousin who used to get into a lot of trouble with his leather jacket and du Maurier cigarettes, but is now trying to set a good example for the kids.
positive My favorite cologne from my high school/early college years, when I mostly wore Gap, Polo, and A&F.  Works anytime, with any outfit.  Definitely for the younger crowd.
positive Eternity for Men was launched in 1989.  It is a great classic fragrance and lasts really well.  Recommended for every day wear.
positive Nice citrus opening then mellows to what I’ll call a seductive scent.  I used Eternity exclusively back in the 90’s but spent the last 10 years with other newer, highly rated colognes.  On a whim, I purchased a bottle and WOW!!  I almost forgot just how incredible this stuff is.  It’s back as my number one cologne!   This cologne is simply magic.  In the past 2 days I’ve received several complements, most from the ladies.  Longevity is excellent.  Ladies love it!  Classic!
positive A classic for sure. I don't know how anyone could argue that this scent is dated. The name is a perfect example of the fragrance. Eternal. This smell brings back a lot of memories from high school. My dad gave me a bottle when I was 14 (this was my first cologne ever) and I loved the smell. I wore it everyday. Girls loved it and guys were jealous. Now that i'm in my mid twenties I probably wouldn't wear this but I sure do like to smell it from time to time to get that dejavu feeling again. Great fragrance.
positive Eternity for Men by Calvin KleinIn my opinion, this is a fresh, masculine, minty, citrus, versatile, long lasting, good, office, modern, fougere, metallic, musky, oceanic, clean, easy to over do, green, average, quite common, spring/summer,underated sexy and unique fragrance.It starts off with a nice alcohol note, then the alcohol gets mixed with green notes, quickly followed by a mandarine note. This fragrance also has oceanic notes.It smells like the sea. That's all I feel. I may have a problem with my sense of smell, but that is all, from start to end, except that in the end it has a subtle musk note.When the base notes appear, I may feel some woody notes, but I am really not sure about that. Anyway, this feels (almost) the same from start to end.This green liquid is actually not as common smelling as you might think. In my opinion, this is a unique fragrance. You only need to smell it once carefully and after some time you will still be able to distinguish it. If you walk on a highly crowded streed and someone passes you, then you will still be able to distinguish this. I can't understand how something so common and mass produced can smell unique. It's not the same case with Cool Water. Everybody knows how that smells.That's why Eternity might be good as a signature scent.About the longevity, Eternity has a very good longevity on me, but not always.I remember that one day I used this fragrance at 9 AM and still felt it at 10 or 11 PM. I wanted to be sure about that, so I asked my mother if she can still smell it.She said "yes". On other occasions, I could not smell it after 6 hours. When I go to the Black Sea, every week, I really enjoy the smell of Eternity mixed with the smell of the sea. It creates a special atmosphere. This lasts an average 8-10 hours on me.After 6 hours, it slowly begins to fade out. The "fade-out" takes 6 hours too.I never had problems with this fragrance. I know you don't believe me, but it never ever gave me a headache. It smelles strong, on some rare occasions, but it still did not gave me a headache. I don't know why. The projection is good. I even had some surprises on a few wears, where people said they can feel it from far away. One guy even said that I smell exactly like if I took a shower or something.This may be the best CK fragrance, in my opinion, but, when you buy it, please, don't expect something very good. You might not like it, so please, don't buy it blind, because they allways have it at ANY perfumery. You should rather expect an average cologne. In any case, this is way better then Acqua di Gio. Also, for the average consumer, I tell you this: If you over apply Eternity, then it is bye bye. You won't like it any more after that experience. I also want to say that Eternity is a cheap fragrance. You can easilly afford it, and you get what you paid for.How many sprays should you use: 1 or 2 in an interview or meeting, and 3 when you go for a walk or on a trip. The same quantity (3 sprays) can be used on a date.Only a hardcore fragrance man should use 4 sprays. So remember: 2 or 3 sprays.I said this because Eternity can project like crazy when over done.Based on the ratings on basenotes, Eternity by Calvin Klein has:43% -> thumbs up31% -> neutral26% -> negativeSo, overall, this fragrance is something from good to average. Ratings:The Smell: 7 (smells too simple for me)Longevity: 8.5 (if all fragrances last this much, then I am very happy)Projection: 8 (good projection, but over done it becomes exagerated)Originality: 8 (has a unique vibe)Price/Quality: 8.5 (great buy, you get what you paid for)Impression: 8 (the best CK scent)Final rating: 8Age group: teenagers and studentsThat's all, folks !Have a great day !Jimi Hendrix
positive a strong, synthetic fougere. may be headaching yes i agree. but the more time I tried to spent with this frag, it smelt more beautiful. authentic, unique, monster sillage, nice longevity, and a 'heavenly' dry down. the dry down is what makes this fragrance called "Eternity"
positive Maybe it is a bit soapy, but I like it. Nice fresh smell, ladies like it and I cannot stop smelling it. Great for spring/summer/daily wear and work.
positive This has to be the best all-round fragrance in fragrance history. And the safest. If you don't want to spend more than a 1 minute choosing a perfume, go with this one. Green notes dominate the top - but in a extremely mellow, soapy way - then the sweet woods take it to an even higher level.  It has to be one of the most "clean" of all green fragrances I know. It lasts well above the average and the sillage is very, very good. My favourite CK.P.S: Women go absolutely wild with this stuff!
positive Initial projection can be potent  (blame the green botanics...?) so take care. The frag does evolve into a clean descent masculine frag....Quite strong on longevity it's good quality frag in my opinion...generic but ok....give it a try. 
positive an excellent cologne, i really like it, and so do others. its pretty old cuz its been around for a long time and alot ofppl know about it so if u wanna stand out you probably wont cuz many ppl know how this cologne smells like. its definitely great. 
positive a classic, all-time,all-around fragrance. the best ever made by ck. i used to use one back in the days.

negative This is 1 of thee worst colognes I have ever smelt! It must be the basil & sage! Awful ingredients to add with the rest of the pyramid! I never liked this stuff. I wanted to forget all about it, till I was just recently visiting a friend & he had some so I said let me c whats going on with this?! BIG MISTAKE! Some stones should b left unturned! 
negative Lemongrass, Lavender and Citronella with a dry down like deep woods Off insect repellent. I wanted to like this cologne. It was a gift from my wife and we had been exploring different frags. We both liked Obsession and had talked about the other CK frags so she gave me Eternity. This is my first fourgere so perhaps I am just not a fan of this type of perfume but to my nose this stuff is insect repellent. It burns my nostrils, waters my eyes, and has a bitterness to it not masked by the washsoap hint of lavender. It smells not so much of the deep woods and a spring day, as it does of camping trips full of mosquitos. 
negative Just tried this on myself for the first time and it immediately answered the question of what I had smelled so many times long ago that stunk so bad.Artificial grape candy and a headache. Very strong and permeating. I can only imagine it could be pleasant in faint wafts on a very strong breeze.
negative What are you talking about? something you saw in it, i didn't see.No Storng, No good last, No Spicy.Sweet, light, and something that i think it's sutable for females.
negative Received this as a gift. Light and "sexy", but synthetic and stuffy. Only frag to ever give me a headache. Good projection, but poor longevity. Rumored to have been changed in recent years: if so, would have liked to smell the original composition. For a very young crowd (high-school to early twenties, if that), but personally wouldn't recommend to anyone. Too strong, too outdated.   

neutral Is this the most popular fragrance for young people ever? For a while that seemed to be the case. It is a semi-attractive scent that was very hyped and exceedingly overrated, especially by department store salespeople on commission. An agreeable, but entirely forgettable olfactory affair.
neutral Green, fresh, vaguely herbal. 
It gets a bit ozonic and thin -- seems to lack depth or any interesting features.
Strikes me as an attenuated clone of Casswell-Massey's Greenbriar.
Quickly gets tedious.
neutral I think people do not spend enough time wearing this fragrance. they put it on , smell it, and then think it is awful, and very soapy. When I first bought this I thought the same thing, but he more time you spend wearing this fragrance, it turns into a refreshingly sweet crisp apple scent that is actually alright. DEFINITELY not even close to being one of the best summer fragrances, but the scent itself is actually okay, and slightly unique. I started grabbing for the bottle more and more often, and I realized that there was more to this scent. So if you think you would like a crisp, slightly sweet, warm and refreshing apple scent, give it a try. Longevity and projection are actually pretty good for this fragrance.
neutral This was my first ever fragrance and so I associate it with a younger man (I'm 30). I still think it smells ok but it's not something I'll ever buy again. It's a 'safe' fragrance and so not a classic for me.
neutral I don't know what to say about Eternity for Men.This was one of my first scents. I believe it was actually the first "real" cologne I ever owned as a teenager. I absolutely adored the scent at the time, but it was (is?) so common, that I outgrew it. You KNOW when someone is wearing Eternity, that's for certain. Just something about it. This stuff really screams out for attention if you're not careful in your application, and it's not good attention when it gets that heavy.I doubt I could get away with wearing this these days. Perhaps I'll get a tester just for fun and see if it brings me back to high school (as I'm sure it would). It's just a boring, bland scent that seems to be reserved for teenagers.Oddly enough, though, I've caught my dad with a bottle of Eternity, and he managed to get away with it. Maybe it depends on the person. I'll pass.
neutral My first thought when I got it was "Wow, this is the cologne that *everybody* wears."  It's got a pleasant enough floral scent with just enough spice to give it an edge.  Seems like good to wear to the office; business-like, but not enough to stand out.  In my opinion, this is one where it's popularity is actually the biggest strike against it.
neutral This cologne is really good smelling, the bottle is super sexy, but it doesn't last on me, it lasts about 2-4 hours only, and it projects medium low strength. And for the price it is super bad, but because of how amazing it smells and looks, my rating is Neutral.
neutral Decent clean scent, quite likeable but nothing special, an almost neutral kind of smell, quite fruity.
neutral Smells good, but not enough.Reminds me some kind of wood, but more sophisticated.Doesnt's last much (4-5 hours on me).Not my fragance, but a good candidate...WARNING: never, i mean NEVER buy a fragance based exclusively on reviews: EVERYONE HAS A PERSONAL TASTE. YOU HAVE TO SMELL IT BY YOURSELF!!!
neutral It is interesting to read how many reviewers got a headache from this.   I did not.  I find it to be clean and green with detergenty feel to it.    I think it is better than most Calvin Klein offerings, but that doesn’t say much.   A neutral rating from me.
neutral Reading some of its reviews posted here, I guess, in a way, I was lucky to be in a world where the fad inclined towards Drakkar Noir, Lacoste and Polo rather than anything CK did. To give you an idea, not a single person around me was wearing Eternity! The young marginal and bookworm that I was, full of an imagination still untarnished by the rude awakenings of reality, I never paid much attention to trends heralded by the media. It was my thirst for spirituality, strangely, that made me try it. Inspired by its name, I sought a trace of infinity in its accord. When I ran out of it, having yet to live some kind of mystical encounter, I tried to buy another one but… I couldn’t find a single one anywhere I went! Now, looking back, I understand its popularity must have been the reason why. Out of nostalgia and curiosity, I recently tried it again. I’m surprised I ever managed to not only finish a 15 ml bottle of it but also to go on looking for more! I now can’t do anything but notice how I must have changed! It opens with strong mandarin and green scents but I fail to get the lavender mentioned in the pyramid. Its middle notes are still green, very green on me; mainly geranium. The ensemble, oddly, is somewhat minty but also very dry. It’s interesting because the memories I had of it were those of a rather sweet fragrance. It might be the fact that I’m aging; changing like grape juice turns into dry wine. If that’s true, I hope my sépage is of quality and has some chances of becoming vintage otherwise, I’m afraid it means I’ll end up bitter like vinegar! If I do turn out to be like this one day, then it’s quite probable I’ll start wearing Eternity again in hopes of passing, at least, for some kind of balsamic vinegar…  All in all, I’d say that it could be a nice fragrance, perhaps especially on a younger skin than mine. It does smell synthetic like the other CK fragrances I’ve tried after Obsession but, then again, for people new to perfumery like I was when I bought my first bottle, it passes unnoticed. To me, it is an interesting scent for its place in my life but on paper and only to reminisce of the past. Not on me anymore. Call me old and grumpy if you want but let’s just say that, the greenhouse effect, I now prefer to leave it to others.
positive I first tried Kenzo Flower at Sephora over ten years ago when I was just starting to become seriously interested in perfume. I actually recoiled a bit because of how powdery it was. Now, I love soft powdery scents, thought back to my experience with Kenzo Flower over ten years ago, and sought it out. It can currently be found at discounters for a very reasonable price, is still available in 30ml, and who knows when it may be discontinued? It is 20 years old now, after all. 

To me Flower is the quintessential baby powder scent. I get mostly powder and little else. No florals, little musk. Not too sweet. It's not a complicated scent, but it's a nice comfort scent on colder days.  

EDIT: After several wearings, Flower seems to be a bit of a chameleon. Some days it smells soft and powdery, other days it smells more 'fresh and clean'. This adds to its complexity makes it more interesting. 
positive Opens with a slight melony note(calone given the release date?) and that lipstick smell that sometimes happens with rose/violet perfumes and a bit of a  synthetic buzz. It's strange on first try, but its also kind of strange and fun, especially the more wears you give it. Drys down into a lovely powdery rose scent over vanilla and white musk, which really comes in and rounds out the opening. The vanilla never gets cloying or bakery smelling though, and the white musk never gets sharp or too laundry-esque. It smells nice and clean and clear powdery and violet-y. Very nicely done in a very cool bottle. Perfect for spring.
positive Tons of violet on top; happy little, powdery violets.  Rose shines through a moment later.  Buzzy sweetness on top overall.  Lovely!

The middle and base seem to be as one entity, one blend.  There is a muted resinous, balsamic layer intermingled with a creamy musk.  There is an aldehyde, hazy blend thrown in here.  I'm going to guess it's the "chemical notes" listed for the base.  The violets stick around, dancing around the whole time.
positive A very good and nice soapy floral that performs well. Then, it’s nothing special for me. 
positive When I first spray this on, it appears very strong and very sweet, which if the longevity were stronger, would make it synthetic, sickly and overwhelming. Happily, it falls quickly to a pleasant soft, musky rose.  
positive I find the opening a bit sharp. A lot of violet emerges out while the rose gives a soft touch. At the drydown the vanilla smoothens it into a comforting body scent. I find it indeed very powdery. And I detected some incense-like notes that tickle the nose and constantly reboost up the soft floral and vanilla, very interesting. The sillage is quite good and the longevity is around 7h on me. 

I personally think the bottle is an excellent visual interpretation for the fragrance. It's floral, sensual, and incredibly clean. I especially love it in spring and autumn. I don't think it's a very seductive fragrance, otherwise it can fit numerous occasions with different amount of application. It's not bold, but still very distinctive. It surely has its uniqueness in the floral categories.

Originally written in 2013.
positive FlowerbyKenzo is condense of florals, fresh musk, resins and almondy vanilla. Joyful, radiant and spacious on my skin. Absolutely not cloying, I'd say exactly the antithesis of whichever form of olfactive sultry oppressiveness. While bulgarian rose (initially crisp and earthy) is heady in the fresh opening (a yet vanillic fresh and humid opening) violet and lily of the valley come out along the freshly powdery almondy dry down. Rose is yet present along the bottom, finally soapy and musky. The "denser" (more resinous) part is the central one, opening is crisp, rooty-herbal (yet sweet vanillic) and freshly floral while dry down is musky-powdery with a tinge of creamy resinous. This is not a masterwork but surely I catch on my skin a more than pleasant semi-oriental with a spark of floral-chypre classic sophistication (anyway supported by a modern musky touch of girlish glamour-chic). I detect a sort of sexy girlish floral acidity which is evocative of that hellish "young woman's sweat mixed with creamy armpits' deodorant". Appalling bottle. 
positive Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, no doubt. Kenzo's Flower is an homage to one of the fragrance world's great classics, and possibly the world's first gourmand - Caron's 1941 Royal Bain de Champagne.

RBC was the first scent I encountered upon moving to New York City. A young man I met on Brooklyn Heights' promenade floated in a cloud of melony vanilla amber, and this was the Caron, which immediately became my signature scent - this was in the early 1970s.

As Turin and Sanchez point out in their Perfume Guide, Kenzo's Flower attempts to recreate Caron's masterpiece. It begins quite similarly with honeydew melon and marshmallow, floating over vanilla and amber. However, Flower is greener than the Caron and inside of 15 minutes, has settled down to a pleasant reedy artemesia-like wood scent.  Whereas with the Caron, the melon, amber and vanilla never let up.

A nice alternative, but I'd advise to stick with the original, which is so affordable, it eclipses the Kenzo as an economical investment.
positive Salutation.

FLOWER BY KENZO is an Great fragrance that Invite to Love. It is The brainchild a Genius Like ALBERTO MORILLAS. It is Asia Prestige in The Perfume World too. I was really Pleasantly Surprised when I first smelled this perfume a few Years ago. Subtle,Clean, Natural,Romantic, Sophisticated,Fantasy,Oriental and Feminine.

A hint of Freshness by Black Currant Open the Scene for the Romance of Rose and the Intimacy of Violet in the heart While the base gains Sensuous from Musk and Vanilla.This Perfect blend is Utterly LOVELY,Feminine yet Clean,Soft and Not Heavy scent that lasts for a Long time without Overwhelming.

It is a Delightful Ladylike fragrance and Makes You Feel Like It is a part of Your Personality. The Scent is Light Enough for day wear and very Lovely for Evening Especially with jeans and when You dress up for a ROMANTIC Dinner or a Garden Party in SPRINGTIME. If You are Looking for a Tender Floral scent This one is a Wonderful choice but Test it first before Buying!

Sillage?Very Good.

Longevity?+6 hours on my skin.

7.25/10 
positive Why review Flower when it was released 15 years ago? It's been a bestseller for ages, has been the subject of many flankers and is a successful crossover in Japan. Everybody knows what Flower smells like...

Kenzo asked for a perfume that smells like poppy - a scentless flower. Pretentious folly or inspiration? It gives the perfumer rare creative licence  - and in response to this zen brief Alberto Morillas came up with a white floral bouquet.

A note pyramid for Flower is:
Lychee supported by ginger and mandarin, violet
Rose, with camelia and mimosa,
Frankincense, white musks, patchouli and amber.

Another way to describe Flower is; sweet, abstract flowers with hard black undertones on a basket of laundry musks.

Synthetic odourants are carefully selected to create approximations of rose, violet, hawthorn and Cassie; quoted from another pyramid. Rather than creating each flower and then merging them, molecules common to more than one flower bridge the gaps. This is economic use of materials as only the most essential components of each flower are represented. Close smelling reveals the limitations of this approach though and it's only partly successful. The texture wears a bit coarsely and the flowers do not smell realistic.

With this reliance on synthetics, Flower lacks finesse and roundness. The only natural materials being opopanax, incense and patchouli, and maybe a minute amount of Rosa centifolia, the high percentage of synthetics gives the perfume an artificial quality. This is not necessarily a bad thing; the plasticy feel of Flower makes it distinct from a more traditional formula.

Flower bears the hallmarks of its time (2000) with a watery-fruit note in the head, but in this case it's lychee rather than melon. Its linear core is built from long lasting materials.

As the intense sweetness of the opening declines, dry lemony accents of incense emerge. These give contrast and prevent Flower from becoming a sweet bomb.

Certain key notes have allowed Flower to become a successful crossover in Japan. The lychee in the opening flourish, supported by ginger - common in south east Asian cuisine, and mandarin, create a hook for the oriental consumer. Rose and jasmin have universal appeal and, and incense also has cultural resonance for the Japanese.

Anaïs Anaïs (1978) and Flower are very similar white floral bouquets, but where Anaïs' soapy bathroom accord of lily and hyacinth feels innocent, Flower is harder and less permissive. Its undertone of incense and patchouli announces in a low but firm voice that the pastel, soft focus reveries of the seventies are over. Kenzo's twenty first century interpretation is a plasticy, confident abstract composition. The white floral has moved from being the virginal symbol of early adolescence to a strategy marketed at young women in the postmodern world.

Flowers' continued production has been due to the cheapness of its formula, and is now thanks to its potential to penetrate the enormous and untapped market in China.

The succession of Flower flankers demonstrates the solidity of its formula, which continues to serve as a foundation for new ornamentation.

Flower (like Anaïs Anaïs) has the lasting appeal of a distinctive perfume that transcends the whims of fashion.
It has endured to become a classic.
positive Flower Eau de Parfum opens on a brisk green floral accord that’s at once smooth and refreshing. Violet leaf and violet blossom soon separate themselves from the blend, while suggestions of muguet (lily-of-the-valley) and acacia fill out the dewy spring bouquet. Just a little less roundness, a little less blending of notes, and Flower would smell like air freshener. It’s all squeaky clean – maybe even a little bit clinical – but absent the melon-aquatic notes (over)used in so many of today’s bright florals, the composition manages to keep on the right side of cheap-smelling. 

Flower’s foundation consists mostly of soapy white musk and soft woods. Because the base notes are not sweet, the scent maintains its crystalline clarity right through to the end. I would describe both its sillage and projection from the skin as moderate, and once its central floral bouquet is assembled, it remains stable for at least four hours before beginning its collapse into drydown. Flower is an easy-wearing, happy scent that manages to feel fresh while avoiding modern fresh-floral clichés. I think of it as a space age Diorissimo: equally limpid, luminous, and vernal, but tricked out in a shiny new metallic finish. I like it.

positive I like this, but I do find it wears off quickly almost like a deodorant. Need to top it up during the day.
positive An aldehydic, musky floral typically has an implicit sweetness.  An interesting perfume will play against type and either downplay or compensate for the sweetness.  Flower learned compensation and a sort of misdirection from White Linen, which it smells like, and Tommy girl, with which it shares a conceptual similarity.  

White Linen’s trick is to redirect the composition’s sweetness with a peppery rose that doesn’t so much diminish the sweetness as steer it toward sweet/tart.  From Tommy Girl, Flower learns the lesson of astringency.  Sour, as opposed to bitter, is a hard effect to pull off in perfumery.  In Flower, the sweet, powdery melon-like tone is highlighted by a slightly vinegary note just as actual melon would be by a splash of lemon juice.

positive After years, I finally tried this for the first time.  I used to pass it up, saying, "I don't like florals."  Ha ha.  The joke is on me.  This is PLASTIC FLOWERS.  It is totally weird.  I give it high marks for originality.  I probably won't buy it and wear it, but it sure is fun.  This smells like a bouquet of children's toy flowers scented with powder.  The entire scent is sweet plastic and powder.  This is amazing.  I keep smelling it, through the air, for hours and hours.  There's a bit of ivy or some strange greenness.  The rest is pure fantasy.  Wow.
positive I don't find it odd that so many people have given Flower by Kenzo a negative rating. I know that the sort of powdery, springtime-sugar-flower scents that I love are most definitely not for everyone and that a lot of people dislike such sweet perfumes. 

Maybe it's simply my body chemistry and the way that it develops on me, however, but I don't find it at all insipid like others say, nor out of balance - baby powder is not what it smells like on me. In fact, on me it smells a little darker and more mysterious than many other perfumes I own; it isn't by any means the scent of a femme fatale, but it's not without its charms; and besides, I am not a femme fatale! 
It's reminiscent of a warm, lonely early summer's twilight in a flower garden - soft, sweet and a little sleepy, slightly nostalgic; a last hour's rays of pink-toned sunset on a rose-twined wooden table while faint blue shadows cling to the edges. It's the sort of scent that you could wear just as well in a floral dress, crochet gloves and a boater hat as in an antique mourning dress and veil.

It is a very feminine perfume, on the other hand: not obnoxiously sweet but definitely a "pretty" scent, so it's unlikely to suit everyone's taste. I also agree that it isn't a stunningly unique or strong-willed scent - it's floaty and easy to wear, a lovely scent for a sunny day at a teahouse rather than the signature scent of a diva. Neither is it an intensely grown-up sex-bomb sort of perfume. Still, the lack of strong musky scents is a welcome relief for me and anyone else on whom musks turn unpleasant very quickly. 

My only personal complaint is that it doesn't have particularly good sticking power. I put a drop on my wrists and throat today, and while this morning I was smelling distinctly flowery on the bus it's now mid-evening and it's about as strong as if I were wearing floral talcum powder (although my wrist does smell delightfully like a wild rose bush now). 

Other than that, it's a light, innocent, simple scent wonderful for the spring and summer for any lady (or gentleman for that matter) who likes to feel sweet and elegant. I'd say it's an 8.5/10 for me.

negative its too acidic for me, somehow reminding me of sugardrenched poppycake with a spritz of some bathroom- cleanser.
negative I found Flower by Kenzo to be very sweet and one dimensional. In five minutes, all I got was cheap vanilla. It might, however, be good for a young lady of perhaps 12.

negative Cloying, sweet, nondescript powder. The smell is the polar opposite of the elegant, spare packaging. And red? Red isn't the color I think of for this. There's no passion or brightness in this mix. It's more like melted, rainbow colored sherbet mixing with leftover sheet cake.
negative The opening is all cutie pies and femmey bliss through the wacky/folky Kenzo fashion filter that makes those qualities into an art. The drydown creeps in with a hazy suggestion of freshly turned shrimp cocktail. Opoponax (balsamic and animalic smelling resin), hawthorn (ultra sweet and sharp), and black currant (the cat pee note) are notes that easily read as bodily and profane. Mixed into a modern take on Royal Bain de Caron like Flower, funeralic associations emerge: cheap bouquets and fetid bodies. Also there are ketones given off right before death, and this musk smacks of that scent to me. 

A very morbid review, I realize, and if Flower sustains the pleasure of its opening notes for you and skips out on the heavily disturbing drydown, you're luckier than I was. A perfume that means to be creepy and does it with grace I can take, but this sort of unintentional lipstick on the teeth scenario made for several queasy wearings before Flower was banish'ed. Though I like many scents generally disliked by most people, this one is beyond reprieve: could be summed up as soiled diaper and a rare true case of dead ringer baby powder. But like someone with a flower in place of a brain, I'll probably give this one another try at some point and report back once the extant repeat trauma has faded from memory. It's at least iconic?
negative On first spraying this, my thought was "Springtime!" but within seconds it morphed into a cloying, green-melon-shampoo smell on me. l couldn't pick out any floral notes, & certainly no opoponax; nothing remotely oriental here. Within the hour, all l could smell on my skin was sugar water. This stage lasted for another 3 hours before it disappeared. l'm not sure who this fragrance is aimed at, but l'd say very young girls might love it. l don't.
negative I found this composition to be very off balance.  The basenotes are musky and sweet, woodsy even but sort of impersonally generic due to their overly synthetic nature.  It's not bad it's just awkward.  Actually the dry down is probably my favorite part of this fragrance because the cold violet and rose mushiness is not taking over.  Overall, this made me feel frigid.

neutral The opening has a strong lipstick note. After that, powdery violets. Pretty enough, but not for me.
neutral The floral opening is pleasantly floral, rose-centred, with a frankly disappointing hawthorn -  compared to the benchmark Aubepine Acacia. In the drydown I get a good opopanax impression, and the base might be nicely fresh, but it is quite generic on my skin.
I get moderate sillage, good projection and four hours if longevity.
The flower in the bottle is kind of cute.

neutral I have it on today. And it smells so similar to Burberry Body because of the Bulgarian Rose. Wears off with vanilla scent.
neutral There's no doubt that FbK is a perfume to which people are seldom indifferent. It has a smell of quality, it's penetrating and powerful in its unnuanced sweetness. I don't experience it transforming over time at all, as others seem to. On me, it's signally reluctant to do anything but fade a bit. If I didn't wash, it'd hang on, getting stale, but still resolutely, recognisably itself.
I've had it and worn it, on and off, for several years, the same bottle. At first, I was enchanted by what I took to be its splendid girly innocence. I guess what's happened is: I find its lack of development over time, its insistent shout of sweetness just plain tiring. One can weary of the best perfume, but this one seems designed in a wearisome way. Any charm offensive can fail, it falls apart into charm... and offensive...
Someone mentioned Baudrillard and the idea of a simulacrum - something which is an imitation of something else that doesn't actually exist. What a wonderful insight - and about the art of modern perfumery in general too; modern perfumes being mostly made of aromachemicals. Yes, it's nothing less than Art. 
Anyway, to get back to FbK, shallow is shallow is shallow. In FbK, the map has indeed become the territory. FbK goes nowhere slowly and is, perhaps, the appropriate scent for my last day. When I leave a wish-list of garments and so on for my body to be clad in, I'll ask to be perfumed with FbK. I won't be able to smell it and I'll be beyond weariness.
neutral 
It's been a while since I first reviewed Kenzo FLOWER, my memory of which is best summed up as : vanilla baby powder. I fortuitously received a fresh sample in the mail just this week, and as I am attempting to understand Caron ROYAL BAIN DE CHAMPAGNE, it seems an opportune time to take up FLOWER again.

The opening of FLOWER holds lots of promise for this lover of violets—whether from Parma or elsewhere! Upon initially dabbing the fragrance all over my arms and décolleté today, I began to wonder whether my “vanilla baby powder” memory of FLOWER was really all wrong. Had I reviewed the perfume on a humid day, or irresponsibly allowed my blood caffeine content to dip to a dangerous low before brandishing my pen? Who knows? In those opening minutes, just enough time, coincidentally enough, to make the big sell at counters all over the world, this perfume seems like some sort of dream come true, a rich floriental with seductive appeal, clearly comprising top-notch notes which wax and wane in a lilting, lyrical way.

Alas, the drydown commences shortly thereafter, during which everything flattens out and begins to smell progressively more synthetic until, at last, I recall why my memory of FLOWER as “vanilla baby powder” was right all along. Certainly not a bad perfume, but rather blunt and banal in the final analysis, when all is said and sniffed. Rather like a marriage which may endure for years in a stagnant state after an initially exciting but short-lived romance.

Would poppies smell like vanilla baby powder, if they had a scent? Sure, why not? (if pigs could fly)

neutral  I think MISSSPRING's review really hit the nail on the head.  She wrote:

"If Flower by Kenzo were a blind date, the evening would evolve like this:
He arrives and is better looking than you'd hoped, he has sex appeal and he is so incredibly charming. At the beginning of the date you are in heaven. Then he quickly starts to lose his allure and you begin to feel let down. "Is it me?" you wonder, as you are still hopeful. But after a short while, you find him definitely dull and even slightly annoying. "

When I first put this on I really liked it -- almost as I do my beloved Shalimar.  And then it turned to powder - nothing but poweder - and it won't go away.

This is definitely not for me.

neutral There's nothing I can add to the reviews of this fragrance. It's a powdered spring sweet violet and mixed floral. It keeps you and the mood at that level, and doesn't seem to go 'deep'. So it has it's place, and works as a loudly quiet innocent seeming floral, powdered and light. A nighttime or sultry fragrance it is not, and doesn't need to be. I don't hate or love it - I can see wearing it in mixed social situations, church, etc. That being said, as with all fragrances with sillage and powder, this is best worn very lightly, as it will easily cross that line of intruding on another's space. It is also slightly sneezy, and that must be kept in mind when using it around crowds. If used with restraint, this exhibits the sweet innocent powderedness of a lingerie drawer. If not used with restraint, the insincere sweetness of an ambitious southern belle running for beauty queen.
neutral When you first smell Flower by Kenzo you will most likely recognize the scent as something that you're familiar with because you have at least known one person that wears this fragrance.

This perfume is quite distinctive. It's not an overly unique or ground-breaking scent, rather it is a safe clean-smelling, powdery floral.

I'll be honest and say that I hated this fragrance when I first sprayed it. It was strong, bitter and not at all flowery and sweet like I'd imagined it to be. 

It took some time for those top notes to disappear, but when they eventually did, I came to like this scent a little better. The violets are surprisingly the strongest and most dominant note throughout this composition, however they are powdery and slightly synthetic.

Overall, I don't mind the freshness and subtlety that Flower by Kenzo creates, but I'm really not crazy about this scent. To me it's just a common soapy/clean fragrance that hasn't pushed too many boundaries.


neutral Here are the notes listed on the sample card: Bulgarian rose, Parma violet, Amber, White Musk, Vanilla, Almond.
This starts like a big scoop of vanilla ice cream.  It is very sweet.  The florals are nice but they are all jammed together -- very dense.  Powdery dry-down.  I'm neutral on it (rather than negative) because it seems pleasant, not synthetic.  Once the sweetness burns off, a pretty nice rose note appears, with the white musk.  The scent is just too sweet and "girly" to appeal to me.  
positive Its a  good fragrance but easy to get sick of it
positive I really love this, whenever I wear this scent, I receive a lot of compliments.
Stays the whole day.
positive This has to be one of my favorites.  It's sweet, but a sort of dark sweet.  The scent reminds me of "happy."  This fragrance makes me feel like a women and always has others walk by slowly to really take in the sexy sweetness.  I went through a 3.4oz bottle in one year.  Just awesome!
positive This smells powdery, and doesn't wear off....I'm not a fan, I don't like smelling like a baby. A friend gave me a small little bottle of it....and I haven't made a dent in it.
positive So my boyfriend and I have this rule...we each have our night out with the boys/girls.  We don't ask and don't tell what REALLY happened on those nights because we trust eachother and love eachother, and for us it's like that "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas" slogan kind of thing.It just so happens that my friends are wild and dragged me across the border to Tijuana for a day of fun in the sun, gambling, drinking, dancing, and laughing.  I came across this fragrance in the duty free store as my girlfriends and I were crossing the border to come back home.  I had a wicked licentious smile on my face and some gambling money burning a hole in my pocket, so I stopped in for another huge bottle of Patron tequila when FLOWER caught my eye.  I tested it on my wrist and walked around looking for my liquor.  I couldn't resist smelling my wrist again and again and again.  I forced my girlfriends to smell it again and again and again and we all agreed that it was gorgeously innocent; the PERFECT date perfume.  Not the perfume of the "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas" woman I was that particular moment as I was searching for that liquor and trying to outrun a hangover, but the woman I'd be when I got home, and back to my boyfriend;  the vision of feminity and innocence that he fell in love with....I saw him the next day at church.  I was wearing my new FLOWER perfume, and a super girly baby pink silk Betsey Johnson dress with Kate Spade heels.  He said, "Oh My God, you smell GOOD - did you have fun with your friends?" and with the sweetest, most innocent smile and blink of my lashes I simply said, "yes"That is this perfume.  It's innocence, it's feminine, it's how a man wants a woman to smell.  It's his vision of you at your best, most feminine, simplest form.  It's sexy too, but not "in your face" sexy, but rather, more like a straightforward honest sexiness.  I will always wear this one before a big date with my love!
positive Taliaseki made an interesting assessment while I was searching for a note...dried clover! FlowerbyKenzo boasts a beautiful and feminine rose opening, and a soft one at that. The vanilla/opoponax/musk middle makes this one too powdery for some, but it just wouldn't work the same without it. Then there's that odd 'dried clover' vibe... The rest of its body is as clear as the stem of its bottle. It is mysteriously spacious, as though there's this hollow area inside the scent itself. And despite this apparent lack of body, Flower lasts for hours and hours. I love a good rose scent and this one's so curious I just have to like it. 
positive Kenzo Flower, what an absolute heart stopper.  If she were a woman I would be on one knee and forever in her debt. Im in love. The perfect powdered violet, rose scent that becomes muskier, sexier with time as she allows you to enter her little part of heaven.As your introduced to Kenzo Flower you are struck with sweet black currant, rose and hawthorn and a huge violet note. The black currant doesn't stay for very long but the rose and violet develop down into the heart nicely. These notes are greeted with jasmine and the bittersweet Opoponax, which takes us seamlessly from heart to base. In the base we find vanilla and white musk the jasmine being replaced for hedione (Firmenich tradename, basically a jasmonate). The base melts so close to the skin its heart achingly beautiful. Im almost reduced to tears every time I allow this beauty to dry down into my heart. I wish for her never to leave from this state of grace.Its soft, its powdery, its subtle only showing little nuances over a very long time. Being cautious not to give too much away too soon. Flower embodies modern femininity in my opinion and it has to be up there in my top 5 fragrances. Kenzo flower is one of my comfort blanket fragrances (along with JPG 2). She's a scent to be worn in hot summer days and cold winter mornings for me. This scent was created by Alberto Morillas who has created some of the best selling fragrances of the past 20 or so years and  I have to say this is my favorite from his portfolio.Utter Perfection in a bottle, makes life worth living.
positive Alberto Morilla's interpretation of what the poppy flower would smell like if it were to have a scent, combining the best of rose, jasmine and violet leaf notes to create an illusory floral accord. To my nose FLOWER BY KENZO feels voluptuous, textured with a mild powdery sweetness that draws me into its depth. Not the most enchanting floral I've encountered but certainly one of the most feminine. *** This review is of the EDP ***
positive one of the best female perfumes in production for young ladies.once you smell it on the appropriate skin, you can't stop asking for it.it is so clean, so femini, so nice that you will love it for life.  Smell like sweet flowers, powder but in any way, a very nice female perfume!
positive When this perfume was released I detested it. Far too powdery and overwhelming. However, later my cousin gave me the EDP in a dab on bottle. I avoided it for months, but then discovered that a mere two drops on the nap gave the most wonderously different result. It permeates gently but arousingly. Feminine, playful and uplifting. The powder is still there, which is not usually an element I enjoy, but it is augmented by the rose and violets to bring it out of the matron's water closet.
positive Kenzo Flower Parfum is fantastic.  It is luxurious and lingering.  My fiance is confused about it as he doesn't relly like it but it reminds him of when we first met.  It is quite a bold and lasting scent, perfect for wintertime.  I find myself reaching for it whenever I go to a ball or out for an expensive meal.  I find it sophisticated and memorable.
positive EdT: Horrible, fresh, prickly floral scent. Smells like a dozen others and makes me sneeze.EdP: Heaven sent me a pretty red bottle of warm, syrupy, floral goodness. If you like Fracas and Chinatown type of scents ( floral but with a warm sweet quality in there with depth) you should try this. It´s feminine, sexy but not slutty and comforting. 
positive I have the EDP in the clear glass bottle with the poppy. That was scintillating enough to make me buy the parfum in hte red metal bottle which is divine. I love violets.   I can't see a future without these perfumes, or one of them, in it. Both are more advertourous than Borsari's Violetta di Palma - the EDP more suggestive and playful, the parfum more sultry. 
positive It is one of my favorite women’s perfume. I really like this scent.
positive I like the Le Parfum (red bottle) more than the lesser concentrations. Reminiscent of heliotrope (everlasting flower), the sweet quality of FbK smells like you've spilt the best baby powder next door to the best confectionary bakery. This is one of those sweet fragrances I love to encounter, but would weary of wearing.

negative Less Is more i love the design a single Red flower stem verticly cuting though the clear white bottle.But I Didn't Care for the scent it smell too much like baby power it was to powdery on my skin
negative I'm afraid this fragrance has caused me some cognitive dissonance, and, judging by the responses here, it seems others feel this, too. Strange how such a "LITE" fragrance--that insidious marketing term is somehow more to the point than that respectable word "light"--can inspire such polarized responses as manifested here.But to say "I love this" or "I hate this" without attempting to analyze the issue does not constitute a genuine review, so I'll endeavour to explain. In the first instance, I find it difficult to comprehend that a fragrance of this sort--so airy, so frightfully floral and sweet, so (dare I say it?) "girly-girl"--can possibly be a floral oriental. An oriental that lacks mystery and darkness strikes me as a self-annihilating contradiction in terms. What would be the point of such a fragrance? I wonder if it was somehow supposed to be "cute," but it doesn't quite work out that way, either. And although I warn my students that "I don't get it" is not a very thoughtful response, I still fail to comprehend just what Flower by Kenzo is trying to be or do.FbK, as far as I can tell, is a rather simple linear floral with a little dose of musk and vanilla tossed in to "sex it up" a bit. Even so, "sexy" is not an adjective that comes to my mind when smelling it. I can see that for some it might be a **useful** fragrance; that is, it's not so powerful as to be overwhelming in the workplace, it's not particularly unique, and it doesn't require a larger-than-life personality to pull it off. I think I could tolerate it on others, but I would find it intolerably cloying on myself; but then again, I've never worked in close proximity with someone who wears it, and I can imagine that continued exposure to this sticky violet/rose confection could become quite, quite irritating.But, ultimately, what we have here is simulacrum as Jean Baudrillard would define it: a copy without an original.  FbK is a recreation of the scent of a flower that has no scent, which furthermore has two completely synthetic notes (hedione and cyclosal) as its basenotes.  It is hardly surprising, then, that it smells like nothing in particular.  Baby powder smells quite natural next to this.Having said all this, I find it hard to like any fragrance so devoid of mystery and personality. It seems to me that these two elements are a large part of what makes wearing perfume desirable in the first place. I don't "hate" it, I simply find it too insipid to feel any extreme emotion about it. The truth is, it's one of the most insipid fragrances I've smelled, and I find insipidity harder to deal with than downright obnoxiousness. Given the choice between FbK and Lanvin's in-your-face too-much-can-kill-you Rumeur, I'll gladly take the latter.
negative I tried this fragrance a total of three times hoping to like it but honestly I don't.  All I smell is baby powder and pampers.  This reminds me of my children as babies and it is not what I want to smell like also the smell never fades, it lasted and lasted until the next day. 
negative For me, this smells exactly like baby powder. Not like anything else, just baby powder. It smelled like baby powder when I first put it on 4 hours ago, and at every hesitant sniff ever since, it has continued to smell like baby powder, with maybe a little bit sweeter undertones. Slightly sweet baby powder. Personally, if I wanted to smell like baby powder, I'd rather just buy some baby powder for a buck. But since I hate the smell of baby powder, I won't. Sillage is pretty good, and so is staying power. Lucky me. 
negative Bought this after smelling the beauty of it on someone else. On them it smelled utterly unique and vibrantly floriental. On me, however, it smelled cloying, powdery and sweet - everything I hate in a perfume. I'd give it 2 stars though, on the basis of how beautiful and head-turning it smells on other people. 
negative Received a bottle as a gift.  Whadda waste of effort.  On me it smells like violets and powder.  Didn't do a thing for me.

neutral I thought I lucked out with the opening of FlowerbyKenzo… I smelled an impressive modern floral accord featuring a clear, minimalist rose note with a background modernistic aquatic note.  I say “lucked out” because I didn’t smell the expected violet note, which I tend to strongly dislike.  But that feeling of relief lasted only about fifteen minutes.  Then the violet note came on unrelentingly, to ruin the fragrance for me.  By the time the heart notes have been achieved, the violet dominated in conjunction with a powdery opoponax, vanilla, and the white musk combination.  The powder is charmingly feminine and of high quality.  The opening was a crystal clear floral presentation – a simplistically beautiful rose-floral accord that is an admirable and creative achievement.  I would think very highly of this fragrance if it weren’t for that unrelenting violet note.
neutral I want to like this perfume so much.  I love the bottle, but I completely agree with Lorettagrace: Baby Powder!  I put it on, and smell nothing but baby powder for 5 hours, then I get a hint of something deeper and more complex, but it is so faint.  Fortunately I like the smell of baby powder, so my 1ml sample will be used. I just can't bring myself to spend designer perfume price for the beautiful bottle of liquid baby powder.  
neutral The rose introduces the violet and dissappear in the first minutes. then a musky powdery sweet violet lingers on and on. i also get something ozonic (or dried clovers like?). Too sweet and too violet for my taste.
neutral I'm of two minds about this perfume, which seems to fit in with the split personality aspect of the perfume others have mentioned.  It isn't horrible... it's quite pleasant at times.  It's just that the violet in it smells of parma violets... there's a candylike aspect to the violet that can be a little bit cloying if the ambient temperature in the room or the season isn't quite right.  That being said, Parma violets do smell nice... and the sweetness isn't overly pronounced.  It's just that I would rather eat parma violets than wear them!
neutral Kenzo Flower is almost a copy of  of Leutece and Ombre Rose.  Magic Dreams is an acknowledged copy of Kenzo flower but I think it is much better.  Magic Dreams is dryer and blunter and less sweet and less powdery than Kenzo Flower.  Kenzo Flower is overly powdery and cloyingly sweet; Magic dreams is more buttery and has a fresher and smoother dry down. 
neutral Flower by Kenzo EDP and Parfum comparisonLeft arm: Kenzo Flower EDPRight arm: Kenzo Flower ParfumNot sure if this was mentioned in previous reviews, but these seem to be 2 different fragrances, irrelevant of concentration.On first spray, the EDP is a bit like play-do or latex rubber. It is not as "rubbery" as the latex note I get in Sarah Jessica Parker Covet or most of the Gaultiers, and it has quite a bit a fruit up front, sort of a peach-orange combination (nectarine?) along with a synthetic floral bouquet. Ok, ok, it is a fruity floral with some lactonic "milky" quality. Within 20-30 minutes, the sharpness of the fruit & flower softens to a bit of a soapy note, and is a little bit tart or sour. In fact, it is almost a plastic smell, or maybe a bit like old lipstick (sort of waxy). It reminds me of those dolls that have scented hair. Not bad, but if I had to base my decision to purchase on this one wearing, I would give it a pass.The parfum initially has more emphasis on the latex note with less fruit, and is more powdery with what seems to be a light amber. I would not say it is significantly heavier or stronger than the EDP. Rather, it is more resinous and rich, maybe more of an evening scent. The florals are less bright in this one, probably tempered by the amber notes. Of the two scents, it has more of the same qualities of Kenzo Amour, which I love. Unlike Kenzo Amour, Kenzo Flower Parfum penetrates my senses gradually with softness. I find it more in the "Amour" family than the special edition Indian Holi (which basically smelled like Amour with red cinnamon candle wax). However, the amber notes are not stellar, and with the sourness of the fruit and floral wafting in an out, I am not sure this one is FBW either. Having said that, it is definitely the more enjoyable of the two!Much later: Everything has dried down nicely...even the Kenzo Flower lost its dense waxyness to reveal a soft powdery floral underneath. Unfortunately I sensed hints of ammonia, darn it all, this aromachemical sensitivity!
neutral I'm just starting out with perfumes, so maybe I'll come to appreciate this one more as I gain experience, but right now the powdery note isn't something that suits me very well.  It dries down to something very like a marshmallow on me, which is a bit sweeter than I like my perfumes (YMMV).
neutral I can definitely smell the rose in this one and the sweetness sticks for a long time. Not my thing but I don't particularly care for heavy florals. I tried it once as it was my roommates and she adored the scent. She was from Brazil and said many girls there wear it.
neutral Starts out very promising, with a bright and uplifting opening, but quickly deteriorates into a fairly heavy, almost cloying, musty floral mish mash.  Perhaps it's my lack of experience, but I have a hard time detecting individual notes.  That would be okay if the fragrance was a 'symphonic floral' (to quote Luca Turin referring to 'Beyond Paradise').  Unfortunately, it's not. More like a poorly tuned high school band. Full on 'Meh!'
positive Tom Of Finland. . . . . .
positive I love this scent, my first Niche bottle... it Jst lasts & lasts & lasts!

positive Santal 33 by Le Labo reminds me of the bombastic woody fragrances by CdG, but with different ingredients. Yes, I agree--this does smell like a moustache hipster, from 10 years ago, working in a wood shop, building a new end table and pickling vegetables in the corner. This fragrance suits my personal taste and it is difficult to argue with the quality and performance. Huge projection and sillage—the wearer is working hard in the wood shop for 10 to 12 hours a day, occasionally picking sawdust out of their beard and freshly laundered flannel shirt. 10 years ago, the day in the wood shop was ended at a cozy microbrewery, but now, our moustache is about to turn 33, and still works in a pile of wood chips, but spends spare time with the kids. 

4/5 

positive Rubbery leather with an industrial feel and dry woods make for a pungent opening. The more time passes, the fragrance relaxes and grows as a smell into a creamy sandalwood with cardamom and papyrus, it sweetens a bit but still maintains the leathery aspect which is now paired with soft buttery iris. By the end, the fierce animal has been tamed; it's a smooth, warm, aromatic and woody fragrance. If I could make a reference, it starts like TF Oud Wood Intense and dries down to Oud Wood.

positive I like it.  Out of all the leather fragrances I have tried, this is the only one that actually smells like leather.  The dry-down transforms into a dry, sawdust type smell.  Not special enough to buy a full bottle but still a good scent.
positive Santal 33 is a thoroughly decent scent. I ordered a sample from Le Labo for £3.99, including delivery. Sprayed it on this morning, my wife was impressed, but there was something about it as it developed that seemed very familiar to me. Then it hit me, the cedar note, that is. For I get mostly cedar in this, I guess because it's Australian sandalwood, rather than the far more difficult to get Indian stuff, so the sandalwood doesn't really stand out for me. This is cedar all the way.

But what was that all-too-familiar cedar note, where did I know it from? Ah yes, the old familiar, Quorum Silver, currently available at about £10-15 a bottle, compared with Santal 33 at £120. 

What's in a name? That which we call a rose
By any other name would smell as sweet.

Well, that's marketing for you, Wills.

Yes, Quorum Silver is not quite as refined as Santal 33, but for the sake of £100, I think there's very little in it, though they do have slightly different accords. Try a sample of Santal 33, and buy a bottle of Quorum Silver, and see if you smell the same.
positive Quintessential New York fragrance. You will smell this on many people in NYC, and it will feel out of place in most other places. One of the finest sandalwood fragrances out there next to Santal Massoia. This can end up smelling like a horse barn if sprayed too close. Give it the right distance and it is perfect. Supremely balanced. 
positive suede delicate leather in a campfire breeze, perfect duration and heavy duty sillage!
positive I like Santal 33.  It's big and loud and linear and sometimes I get kind of tired of it, but every time I wear it, without fail, at some point in the day, I catch a whiff of myself and just think "damn, that smells fantastic."  

So what does it smell like?  Well, it's pretty much my go-to to describe Australian sandalwood.  Unlike its Indian Mysore cousin (which smells, at its best, like rich, buttery sawdust), Australian sandalwood (and, by extension, Santal 33) smells like breaking open a fresh, green, sappy, newly grown branch, mixed with the smell of coconut water.  There's a mix of iris and ambrox in there, which mostly adds a luxurious richness without being very prominent, and some limpid, tea-ish elements as well.  Honestly, it all comes together to smell mostly like coconutty green goop, but it's a rich, expensive, gorgeous coconutty green goop.
positive What makes a fragrance intriguing is when it evokes a specific time, a certain place or a particular material while remaining elusively vague.

SANTAL 33 has successfully achieved this feat with its seemingly amorphous quality. Neither woody nor floral, far from leathery or spicy, I can't exactly describe it as musky either. Yet somehow it smells distinctive and chic. Like a cross between the scent of a freshly printed lifestyle magazine and the interiors of a luxury leather goods shop.

With superior performance to boot, this is another winning hand from the house of Le Labo. Well played!
positive Santal 33 is my favourite of the Le Labo line and the only I was willing to purchase a decant of. It is ethereal and as more of a birch suede focused fragrance supported by sandalwood, with little to no sweetness. 

It is however not a complement getter for me - which underscores it's niche quality.


positive This is pretty. I don't know if I would call it a "sandalwood" fragrance, but it is a really nice fragrance and I like it. A lot!

Ok, so yes, I can smell something that smells like sandalwood, but it is not the sandalwood I recall from the oils I used to buy years ago labeled "Mysore Sandalwood" back in the 80's and early 90's that I'm kicking myself for thinking they'd always be around...but I digress...

But this is really nice...it's comforting, and peaceful. There is something soothing about it, and my brain says: "buy it". My wallet says: "umm...can we hold off a bit?"

I would not purchase this as a blind buy - like all Le Labos (at least the ones I've got my nose on thus far), it's an interpretation of the scent/note. Enjoy the art without the expectation of a black and white understanding of the thing. 
positive This reminds me of a middle ground between Montale’s Aoud Leather and Creed’s Original Santal.    Not as sweet as Original Santal, but sweet.   And a leathery note similar to the Montale.   This strikes me as aiming more toward a leather scent than a sandalwood, though.  I do like it.
positive Santal 33 opens with a blast of violet before quickly adding smooth iris to the mix with a slight cedarwood undertone.  As the composition moves to its early heart the violet vacates, leaving remnants of the iris meshing with an emerging slightly harsh and dry Australian sandalwood that takes the fore early before gradually adding in sharp, natural smelling cedarwood that grows in its intensity through the rest of the mid-section turning into the star with the dry sandalwood only co-star.  In addition to the more prominent heart notes, binding the dry sandalwood and natural cedar is a supporting mysterious accord that somewhat resembles coconut, but not quite.  During the late dry-down the composition shifts back to the relatively sharp sandalwood, supported by slightly sweet and powdery amber joining the now diminished cedarwood through the finish.  Projection is excellent to outstanding, as is longevity at well over 12 hours on skin.

Frank Voelkl has been on a roll lately.  His other Le Labo mainline compositions Iris 39 and Ylang 49 both were favorites going into sniffing Santal 33, and outside the Le Labo family he also is responsible for the masterpiece caliber Javanese Patchouli by Zegna.  With so many excellent efforts under his belt with no duds sniffed to date it was with relatively high expectations that I sampled his Santal 33 and I am happy to report that it can be added to his growing list of stellar accomplishments.  Like many Le Labo compositions Santal 33 is not really a straight sandalwood composition.  Early-on, the composition is about violet, and even more-so iris.  I could immediately detect some early similarities for a short time with Iris 39 before the wood-centric heart set in...  The heart accord really leans more towards the cedarwood than the Australian Sandalwood, but certainly both play a key role.  The cedar is quite natural smelling, and the relatively dry sandalwood compliments it quite nicely.  Only in the late dry-down did I detect the sandalwood as the most prominent aspect, and then only just, as a very smooth and slightly sweet powdery amber is almost as prominent though the finish.  While Santal 33 may be more of an amalgamation of ingredients as opposed to a sandalwood focused composition, the most important thing is it is entirely successful.  The bottom line is the $160 per 50ml bottle Santal 33 may not have a strict sandalwood focus, but this "outstanding" 4.5 star out of 5 rated composition should be on any fragrance lover's radar, as should any other composition by Frank Voelkl!

negative Pickle dust.

Its got dry chemically dill in the opening.  One little bit on my arm three different times.  I just don't think this is very persistant or heavy. It is airy and fades out in like 5 hours.  I know that is not the baseline, but that is my 2020 experience.  Fairly pleasant for what I did smell.  Not particularly sandalwoody. Stupid expensive, and I wouldn't purchase it for $30.  Thumbs down, solid. 
negative Santal 33 was not at all what I expected, and unfortunately, it wasn't in a good way.

Santal 33 opens up with a fiercely dry, woody howl.  I assumed, as is the case with many "sandalwood" fragrances, that this would lean sweet and creamy.  Nope, not the case here.  This smells very much like real sandalwood, which has a very dry fragrance, and I think that Le Labo did a pretty good job of approximating it.  Most people haven't smelled real sandalwood, and what they have smelled is the treated kind thet you get in crappily-made mala beads that are made for hippies and "I'm not religious but I'm spiritual" types.  I was pretty stoked that Le Labo had actually gotten the scent right, except for one big caveat.

So what's the only way that they could screw this up, what with a sandalwood note this good?  Well, that would be by adding enough additional notes to interfere with the really good sandalwood that this fragrance contains.  The leather and papyrus are as prominent as the sandalwood, if not more so, and if the point of this scent was to feature sandalwood, then they basically took something great and then drove it right into the ground.  This is like going to the Met to listen to the NY Symphony's tribute to Color Me Badd.  The ingredients in this are good, for sure, but this formulation isn't.

This is supposedly the hip scent for people in NYC to wear, and as someone who has and still does spend a good bit of time in NYC, I can assure you that it doesn't surprise me one bit.  This could have been good.  I think that the folks at Le Labo had the skill to make this good, but like so many fragrances out there, they took a great idea and did to it what Meg Ryan did to her face.

Pass.
negative Insipid powdery violet /iris. Poor projection, a skin scent almost from the outset even if you give it a couple of good squirts.  Inoffensive until you also factor in the price. A joke.

Fragrance: 5.5/10
Projection: 4/10
Longevity: 6/10
negative Stardate 20190318:

This is shite.
Not sure why it became NYC's favourite. Violet/Iris with musk and powder. Very generic TJMaxx fragrance at astronomical price. Nothing redeeming about it. 
negative Santal 33 opens up as a casual, worn leather on my skin. It's pleasant enough but as it dries down, it completely falls apart into a dense, fluffy cloud of synthetic musk. Unfortunately, at this point the projection is quite strong and enduring. Utterly disappointing and not the only Le Labo to have collapsed like this on me. I have given up on the house.
negative You're a rabbit. You live in a dead garden. Your entire diet consists of unremarkable weeds, poison ivy/oak/sumac, and the occasional poisonous flower blossom. But, this isn't just any garden, because its owner decided to plant a bunch of cucumbers this year. So, you're a rabbit. You live in a mostly dead garden. Your entire diet consists of raw cucumbers, unremarkable weeds, poison ivy/oak/sumac, and the occasional poisonous flower blossom. The best part is that every so often you get to munch on all of these things after they've been spritzed with an insecticide. Santal 33 by Le Labo.
negative I have belived I liked any kind of woody fragrance until I met Santal 33. This scent made me realize that there exsits some woody fragrance I don't like.
It's truely woody but not warm rather than cool, keen, sharp and bitter. I imagine pine needles in a small garden such as my Japanese gandfather's bonsai. No softness or sweetness at all.
What's more, this fragrance does't have any top, middle or last note. It won't change. All the same smell. I have some another Le Labo perfumes and I feel all of them will not change their note. 
It's not overpowering or pungent. It float quietly but for me not comfortably.
It's just unique.
negative I heard *so* much about this fragrance and reading all the descriptions, it sounded so up my alley. 

But "leather" as a note always seems to mean something different to people and I am not into this interpretation. Something about it smells briney to me and it only intensifies on wearing. Probably because I'm so sensitive to it, it's often the only note I sense after a few hours.
negative Ordered a tester because of the hype. Not impressed. Interesting at first but then just a lingering sharp pine scent. I can see how those who like green scents would be very intrigued. Not for me.

neutral This was always a 100% thumbs up for me (yes, I'm from NYC and was part of that initial Santal 33 craze) that I am now moving to neutral. It feels like the formulation has changed and the performance is weaker than previous.

Some of the great sandalwood is still there and it still gets praise from myself and others but I can't justify it based on the price.
neutral The name "Santal" gave me the impression that this one would be a nice, creamy sandalwood. And I can't help but think about Creed's wonderful Original Santal, a favorite in my collection.

Santal 33 by Le Labo is an experimental concoction that is  leathery, with some bright woodiness (the papyrus) mixed with musk.  Very confusing, but it is what it is.  Not a bad smell overall though, but not what I'd call a classic sandalwood scent per se.  A so-so piece that avant garde types might take to more than I could!

neutral Out of curiosity, I stopped by the Le Labo counter at Nordstrom to pick up a sample of this. To me, it's definitely more on the feminine side. The initial burst is very nice and refreshing, but the drydown ends up being more floral than leather.
neutral I get mostly smokey wood, leather, and pine cones.  Smells like the old wood floors and furniture in a colonial house.  Has some shared traits with SJP Stash, another unisex fragrance. I also agree with the comparisons to Quorum Silver but that one has less smoke and is more fresh.

Projection is very good and persistent. Longevity is also very good, 8-10 hours. 

neutral Famously the “signature scent” of thousands of young professionals and hipsters in certain areas of New York city, Santal 33 by Le Labo has become a bit of a design cliché as of late – the olfactory equivalent of the Barcelona chair or the man bun. But just because everyone is wearing it doesn’t make it a bad fragrance. In fact, it’s pretty great, especially if you park your expectations at the door.

For one thing, despite the name, I find this to be a predominantly leather-focused scent, with a salty, green cucumberish quality that is almost aquatic. It opens with a powerful blast of chemical violet, sea salt, leather, and that aqueous herbal element, making me think each time of salty vetivers like Fleur de Sel by Miller Harris and Sea Foam by Art de Parfum.

But focusing too closely on the individual elements is of little use here, because the total effect is so forceful that you just have to give yourself over for the ride. Santal 33 is intensely masculine: full of raw, oily leather and balsam, it makes me think of a lifestyle concept store – one of those cavernous, white empty studio spaces where they place a tangle of parched white driftwood in one corner and a lone leather couch in the other.

Much later on, in the far drydown, there is the green aroma of dried coconut husks, raw and brusquely woody, and it is only then I see the reference to (Australian) sandalwood. But, in general, this is dry and woody-leathery, not lactonic or sweet.

Whenever I wear Santal 33, I am reminded of that craze for “shabby chic” that was so popular for most of the last ten years, because there is something very deliberately “antiqued” about the scent, like a modern wooden chair exposed to salty sea air to force-age it, whitewashed, and then distressed to give it the patina of age. It’s totally faux – but somehow the “fauxness” of it all becomes part of the appeal.

It reminds me of books, too. In particular in the raw, harsh chemical breeze of salt and Iso E Super whitewashing the grain of the scent, which ultimately comes off as a combination of freshly-tanned leather and newly-printed paper. It is an industrial book smell, one that belongs more to an Amazon warehouse or a newspaper printing room than a library or old book store.

But it’s also totally hipster and lifestyle-ish, with a high-gloss finish that is somewhat at odds with the raw, salty leather underneath. One of my favorite reviewers, Diamondflame, said it best when he called Santal 33 “a cross between the scent of a freshly printed lifestyle magazine and the interiors of a luxury leather goods shop.”


neutral Santal 33 is a very thorough expression of sandalwood.  It smells of woods, woods, and more woods, without being a woody oriental or a woody fougere or something more hybridized.  In that respect, it smells very natural, not like a personal fragrance at all but rather, a smell of nature, found in nature.  As has been the case with most of the Le Labos I've tried, projection and longevity are pretty good, even for an EDP.

I don't detect the floral notes--I get mostly sandalwood and cedar with a hint of leather.  Santal 33 is intriguing but it is not flattering on me---it leans a little bit too much toward balsa and smelling like a Home Depot or Lowe's.  I can begin to comprehend how widely popular this is due to how basic and natural it smells, but it just seems to be lacking refinement and something more, at least at the Le Labo price point. An interesting try, but for me, not a buy.

6 out of 10
neutral Dill 33 (ha!) is a kryptonite scent for me. It’s the one scent from the line that I absolutely cannot stand yet I think I’m one of very few people who feel this way about it. What absolutely murders it for me is the cardamom / iris / leather accord that’s present in Iris 39 and dominates this scent from start to finish.

This is a loud, rooty, herbal-green thing with a vegetal edge to it. It’s a tad sweaty, but the wood effect that it creates is impressive. Does it smell like sandalwood? Not exactly. But it does smell like a smart interpretation of the note along the lines Santal Massoia. An impression of sandalwood comes and goes throughout via a peanut-butter effect that’s commonly found in sandalwood oils. But what does exist of the sandalwood accord is drowned out by the megaphone of cardamom and scratchy iris that kill the scent’s better characteristics. 

On the one hand, I get why some people would enjoy this as it’s an interesting facsimile of sandalwood, but on the other, it also smells (I’m not kidding) like dill and cucumbers sandwiches—and that’s the part that screams the loudest. Not for me in the slightest.
positive This pushed all the right buttons. A brief cypriol gust knocks you off balance on opening before falling back to a lactonic green accord slowly transitioning into a lush fruity sandalwood during the heart (there is almost a feeling of honeyed apricots, the colour and texture if not aroma). It's got a wonderful balance between the sweetness, creaminess and astringent woody side, rich but never too much.

An interpretation of sandalwood with modern ingredients having an emphasis on boosting the golden bright aspects of the natural oil. Perfect.
positive This stuff is amazing.  Sandalwood, cedar and violet all rounded out by a very smooth iris note.  One of the best fragrances I've ever smelled.
positive A beautiful sandalwood greets me from the first seconds on, and stays on. In the drydown a cedar nit arrives, and this happy marriage is what this scent is all about in my skin. The proportion of the two varies a bit over time, and in the last hours the cedar seems to grow stronger.  Not unlike Tam Dao as far as the sandalwood is concerned, but a tad less elegant.  To me the focus on the two wood notes of extraordinarily high quality is very convincing.  My exposure to Australian sandalwood has been limited, but I like it very much the way LL presents it here.  Very good silage and projection, and a splendid longevity of around seven hours.  Top stuff. 

positive First, this fragrance brought to mind oiled juniper housewares rather than the ~wild frontier~ of the colonial imagination — a nice homey scent, somewhat surprising, but enjoyable. I didn't pick up the papyrus — maybe I just don't recognize it, being a hillbilly of sorts, but it's possible that my nose just can't pick up anything beyond the wood. And this is, for me, a surprising kind of wood in the sense that it doesn't feel hard to wear or imposing. This is not a dead and dried piece of timber; this is almost a grove. I still prefer the Mysore sandalwood in my fragrance but I absolutely love what Le Labo has done with the Australian sandalwood. I keep reaching back to my sample. Worth the full bottle? Depends if you like wood. If yes, I recommend.
positive Not Bad! Cedar/Sandalwood To the Max!	Blast of cedar for sure!! There is also a fig note that reminds me of Marc jacobs fragrance from a few years back. Once again this is not Earth shattering but solid enough to add to the rotation!	I'm eager to experience the Rose for sure and few others. 
positive Starts off really raw. Like raw cedar, or saw dust. As it mellows and calms down I'm not sure if it ever takes the full quality of sandal wood, but it is a very pleasant, pleasurable woody scent. Its like sandal wood and cedar mixed together. Very desirable. 
positive My fourth le labo and I wanna start this review off by saying I only review fragrances I own, and I only review them after I get a good five uses in. That's why you'll never see a thumbs down review, cuz I'm not spending 200+ on perfume I don't like, just to trash it. With that being said, lets get to the review. When I first smelled this, I thought "I've smelled this before" but I smelled the card, left the store n didn't think much of it just thought it was business as usual for this house, trying to pass off femme scents as masculine. Days go by and I can't stop thinking about it, I have to have it. So I buy it and the first time I wear it it hits me, I know where I've smelled this before, the green car freshener that dangled from my moms caddy. This starts off as a blast of florals mixed with a lil spice and its fairly linear. I never smell cedar, but the beauty of fragrance, is that oils are sometimes infused to create a different accord. The florals in this are heavy and they dominate especially the violet. I think it's a great buy for a perfume connoisseur, it's a floral-oriental for men which is not done a lot. If you only own a couple bottles of perfume, you might wanna go another route. It's definitely unisex as a matter of fact when I get back home I'm gonna see if my wife wants to take this off my hands, amazing scent but I doubt I'm gonna get a lot of use out of it..
positive I have tested the whole Le Labo line (including the city exclusives) and this one did very well. I consider it to be the best from the regular line; and the most bottle worthy from all Le Labos as far as the uniqueness of this scent goes. The papyrus opens utterly comforting zone endorsed with truly well crafted tone of sandalwood and cedar. The scent feels dry and warming on the one hand but almost burning and arousing on the other. It took me a little while to fell in love with it but I have fallen deeply as Romeo. 

Several more things: 1)This is a masculine scent, almost an archetype of daring heroic man. 2) It can differ according to actual weather but is suitable for every season, very versatile indeed. 3) Longevity and projection is in 85% times excellent, moody in the left 15% (at least on my skin). 4) Be sure to give it a chance before damning it after first sniff – you might eventually enjoy it. 5) 10 out of 10 and one of my all time favorites!
positive A leathery cardamon gives this lightly musked, wonderfully creamy sandalwood it's unique appeal.  Uplifting in a healthy herb & cream kind of way, I get a mental picture of a delicious herbed cucumber sour cream dip at a Wisconsin supper club.  I sometimes think Santal 33 could use a bit more edge.  Creaminess in a perfume tends to round off corners. But then that's what creaminess does and what Santal 33 is supposed to be.  Pleasant to the extreme, liking and wearing Santal 33 is never anything to be ashamed of.
positive On me the opening is a sawdust & leather accord, done in a light & pleasant manner. Then over the next 20 minutes l get faint whiffs of cardamom, crisp papyrus, something almost minty, & a whisper of a floral note. Just as l'm beginning to wonder where the coconut note is that l've read about, it begins to creep in underneath the woods, & suddenly 1 hour in l realise it smells exactly like Bronze Goddess! Yes, really, that mixture of subtle, creamy coconut with the sandalwood is, l swear, a deadringer to my nose. The only difference is in the longevity; this one is still traceable on my skin after 11 hours.
This did not disappoint, but as l already own Bronze Goddess, l do not feel the need to add it to my collection. And l would say to any guy out there who loves the drydown of Santal 33; try Bronze Goddess before you shell out the big bucks for this one!
positive Santal 33 by Le Labo - One is initially treated to a somewhat rugged duo of Australian sandalwood and Russian leather. The sandalwood infuses its camphoraceous woodiness and slight nuttiness, and interplays with the saddle leather with its inherent smokiness. A faintly turpentinic element presents. Transitioning to the awaiting middle, mildly spicy cardamom infuses the spaghetti western blend with its aromatic, slightly sweet and nutty facets. A woody, violet-like iris also presents. And papyrus, with its withered grassy and light wood facets, serve as a undertone for the sweetening brew. Segueing to the waiting base, Virginia cedar, with its buttery, sweetly fresh, pencil shavings aspects, commingles with a candy-like violet. Majical ambrox imparts its velvety waves of ambergris and musk. A near saccharine drydown ensues. This high-quality composition has average, radiating projection and very good longevity. Albeit the base borders on being too sweet and artifical, I must respect the other stages of development. Resultantly, I am giving this an unenthusiastic "Thumbs Up" rating.
positive Love it! I was ready for another prentetious (and disappointing) release from the guys at LeLabo but Santal 33 is just amazing.

Opens with a transparent and very dry cardamom note joined by cedar and a light violet. Papyrus and iris follow right away adding a slightly green, sort of wet, note that's just perfect and preserves the fragrance from being too overpowering or too loud. In this phase Santal 33 introduces a moderatley sweet, subtle yet remarkable, fig/coconut accord that enhances the creamy undertones throughout while a nutty-woody sandalwood make its appearance to drive the fragrance towards the spicy-woody-ambery drydown. 

Personally I wouldn't classify this as a sandalwood prominent composition and while the main note is surely remarkable, the fragrance is so well blended and orchestrated to leave enough space to all the other elements to properly shine and play their roles.

While being definitely different, Santal 33 made me somehow think about Papyrus De Ciane, Jardins De Kerylos and Calamus (expecially just right after the opening). It doesn't exactly shares many similarities with the aforementioned fragrances but the papyrus note is not very distant from the transparent interpretation thant Guillame delivered in PDC while the fig/coconut accord is just as refined and sophisticated as the one in Jardins De Kerylos (even if definitely toned down in the LeLabo). Last but not least, I experience the same slight wet/green, sort of cardboard-like, vibe that I much enjoy in Calamus. Original, sophisticated and if moderately applied, very easy to wear. 

A big winner.

positive I wouldn’t categorize this one as a classic sandalwood scent. The sandalwood is there, but to me it isn’t the major player. This one has a very woody vibe to it, but in a different sense as to me it seems like a “bark” like note is the major player. I’m not sure how to describe it other than that as I haven’t smelled anything quite like it before. Maybe it is the ambrox. Maybe there is some guaiac wood in there, but the cedarwood isn’t really what I’m smelling. In fact I get very little cedar from this and it is this other wood note that is the major player. This one is great from start to finish and is quite strong on me. Apply with caution. 

negative Genre: Woods

I didn’t think there was anything that could make me dislike sandalwood, but the fear and loathing inspired by the shrieking monstrosity of Le Labo’s sandalwood reconstruction just might do the trick. The name “Santal 33” alludes to 33 ingredients, but 32 of those are beaten into submission by a titanic brickbat of chemical “sandalwud” that has me opening the windows and bolting for the outdoors shortly after application. This stuff should come with a warning label. 

Santal 33 suffers especially for having been sampled alongside Dawn Spencer Hurwitz’s delightful Sandalo Inspiritu. The latter has been discontinued, no doubt because the true Mysore sandalwood at its heart is near-impossible to source. Smelling Santal 33 and Sandalo Inspiritu side by side demonstrates as well  as I can imagine the relative virtues of true Mysore sandalwood and its chemical surrogates. If it’s Australian sandalwood you crave (and I enjoy the stuff myself,) go for Maître Parfumeur et Gantier’s Santal Noble. Even in its reformulated guise, Santal Noble offers complexity, richness, and dignity that Le Labo comes nowhere near. 

negative I wanted to love this, but my opinion has been swayed by those around me. I don't think I've ever had so many comments - and unfortunately all negative.

"Where's that Pine-sol smell coming from?"
"Have you been lying on a dog bed? You smell like cedar."
"What were you wearing last night? It gave me a head-ache." (And that's after wearing it all day - longevity this has, I admit.)

The stark contrast to the other opinions here made me think that there was a problem with the bottle split I have... (Maybe I should buy sampler to verify.) 


neutral I get iris, leather, sandalwood throughout the wearing as this is a very linear scent on my skin. I don't get any of the spiciness of cardemom. However, I also pick up on the slightly watery, cucumber note. You can tell that quality synthetic materials were used, but it's still hard for me to get past the obvious synthetic undertones of most of the Le Labo scents I've tried so far. The only Le Labo scents where that doesn't bother me is Patchouli 24, Labdanum 18 and Neroli 36, but I'm looking forward to testing the rest of the Le Labo samples I have. If you like iris and leather this is a scent to consider. I'm enjoying Santal 33, but I won't be needing a full bottle.
neutral On paper I smell a lot of sandalwood ("you don't say!"), cedar and herbal/balsamic accords. Really pleasant, woody as a nordic, white/grey woody house. Makes me think of one of those marketing photoshooting you can find in Ikea catalogues.

6/10
neutral Another unexpected development for a Le Labo concoction and have to say that the surprise was notable for me. This is above all an intoxicating, than powdery and finally silky fragrance in my vocabulary, a sort of prickly amber-saffron-dusty papyrus-talky violet-powdery woods (sandalwood and cedarwood) concoction conjuring me at the beginning some more sweety fragrances as Le Male (more watery, musky, soapy and bombastic) and Escada Magnetism for Men (which with Santal 33 shares amber, leather, pepper, sandalwood, cedarwood and other elements) but in a far more natural way (despite an obscure touch of medicinal here at the beginning of the trip). The general powder is velvety, silky, vaguely shadowy and with nuances of musk, nuts, smooth iris, violets, paper, figs (i effectively detect a sort of almost acid smell of figgy resins) and suede. There is ergo something almost tropical in the blend, a sort of figgy, gingery, aromatic, grassy, "seaweeds type" and milky (lymphatic milk i mean) resinous touch conjuring in a while (becoming the smell progressively more elusive) juices a la Salvatore Ferragamo Pour Homme, Battistoni Marte Arte or Costume National Homme (but in a dustier way). Anyway, effectively the main aroma of the powder is a molecular sandalwood surrounded by dozens of swirling nuances some of which are woody, some spicy, others ambery, edible, soapy, floral and botanic. Really enveloping ambery/figgy chypre concretely modern and youthful, in my opinion possibly appealing to the younger crowd.
neutral I really have always wanted to like this, and I'm enthused reading other reviews about how busy this scent is. I've worn it off and on, but I find this scent hard to place. Sometimes I like it, other times I want it to go away. I suspect that papyrus is what I'm picking up most, but I don't know that scent and I find it difficult to specifically pick out anything else over time. It seems a bit woody/herby and dry on me. It does last a long time and has decent projection, however.

I still try this out regularly, particularly in the warmer months, because I still really want to like it.
neutral Frank Voelkl's Santal 33 has two principal accords: an altostratus of violet, iris and cardamom, and this hovering above a groundwork of sandalwood, papyrus and cedar. The violet cloud is mellow and Ambroxan-sweetened; the woodland beneath is dry and pungent, being Australian – rather than Indian – sandal. In between lies a strange, fruity-creamy ether of black tea, desiccated coconut, leafy sap, fresh figs, and all manner of notes that are likely an unfortunate side effect of this loss in altitude. 

I gave up trying to reconcile its distinct layers long ago. For preference, I'd plant my feet firmly on the ground and breathe in the leather-bound book accord. However I spend most of the time trying not to be made queasy by the ozonic, uncomfortably sweet violet – which, unfortunately, is backed by some hardcore musks and far outlives the cracking leather effect. 

This stuff is easy to wear, but I wish I could subtract about half of its 33 constituent parts.
