positive Maison Francis Kurkdjian Oud Satin Mood (2015) is a real love-hate for me, but love just edges it out thankfully. Up front I need to say that this isn't really an oud fragrance, at least not after the first 30 minutes or so, but with a title like "Oud Satin Mood", we can chalk it up to oud just being part of the equation in a larger composition. One thing is for certain: this fragrance is indeed a "mood" unto itself, and garners attention with the way it transitions to that mood in the end. All of the "mood" fragrances in the oud range of MFK are designed to use the custom synthetic oud accord Kurkdjian has created (with maybe a touch of the real thing) in a novel way, while the original eponymous Maison Francis Kurkdjian Oud (2012) showcases the accord on its own. I wasn't a fan of the oud by itself, but the way he uses it here really works, with a few hangups that almost break the deal for me. The "she loves me, she loves me not" way this scent dries down is really saved by sheer kismet of what the scent finally lands on when finished developing. Had things been reversed and the recessive notes been dominant instead, this would have been a very different review. I'm not 100% sure if this is intentional by Kurkdjian himself, but at least it means Oud Satin Mood is a niche scent by design if nothing else. 

The opening of Oud Satin Mood is a brief flirtation with violet, and I do mean brief; if you blink, you might miss it. The synthetic oud and rose forms the core for the next 25 minutes or so of the wear. MFK lists two different types of rose, similar to what he did with the previous year's À la Rose (2014), but from what I can tell this is just a sweet powdery rose soap note that sorta buries the scratchy cola oud vibe of his custom accord. To me this is actually a good thing, because I really enjoy a powdery old-school almost "Victorian" rose soap kind of treatment, and I'm not big on MFK's oud accord so less of it is better to me. The rose does teeter a bit on being too prim, but the next phase sees to a corrective course. Amber and vanilla, both things Kurkdjian is very familiar with by now, make up the base of this. Some say these two destroy Oud Satin Mood's credibility as an oud fragrance, and I say it never had any so who cares? For me, the sweet vanilla actually helps keep both the scratchy oud and potentially scratchy amber in check, rounding out the dry down as romantic if not a tiny bit sexy. Oud Satin Mood feels cozy and attractive for about 8 hours of good performance in this final form, but it's not for everyone. Avoid use in hot weather due to that prominent vanilla, or you'll be sorry. Oud Satin Mood reads mostly unisex but veers a bit feminine or at least telegraphs a certain demure feeling in its "satin mood" projection on the wearer.

What is Maison Francis Kurkdjian Oud Satin Mood? It's a fragrance that feels like it sounds, a soft satin robe that surrounds your nose. The usually abrasive synthetic oud and amber here is smoothed by a very feminine soapy/powdery rose accompanied by a sweet creamy vanilla that could have been cloying if dialed just a tad higher, but juxtaposed as it is, works really well. I'm not a huge fan of the giant marked leaps from heart to base, nor do I really like such a heavy slug of "Dove soap" rose running right up my nose for 30 minutes before the rest gets on, and I am also upset the violet note of the top plays peek-a-boo, but the final destination is very highly enjoyable. If that destination wasn't the 7 1/2+ hours total of the eight you'll be spending with this rich eau de parfum, I'd have drawn a different conclusion, so that's the saving grace. There is no getting around the $300 price for 70ml however, which is even higher than most MFK lines, so I wouldn't call this bang for buck either, but fans of the range or sweeter oriental rose treatments won't find much fault beyond the cost to enter the satin mood as presented by our maistro FK. Definitely worth exploring if you can find a good deal, but also not a real oud for oud connoisseurs. Thumbs up.
positive This is a stunningly beautiful fragrance that smells to my nose of Persian ice cream (Bastani Sonnati). It's usually vanilla ice cream with a lot of saffron sprinkled on it and drenched in rosewater. Well that's exactly how this fragrance smells, especially the vanilla and rosewater. I don't really smell any oud in it, but that's ok because it's incredible smelling anyway. It smells extremely elegant, and I feel this would be the perfect fragrance to wear with a tuxedo. Projection is subtle yet strong (not cloying at all throughout its duration); while it projects in this way for 4-5 hours and then lingers for many more hours as a skin scent (so great longevity overall). This is one of the best fragrances ever made and one of my favourites of all time; a true masterpiece.

5/5
positive Absolutely brilliant! WOW... Soft Rose, Subtle luxurious Oud, Creamy Vanilla- it is absolutely stunning! Performance, and projection are phenomenal. This is not an in your face, hello Oud- and that is what I love about it. This is sexy, seductive, mesmerizing come hither scent that leaves a trail meant to turn heads. Certainly more for fall, winter, and maybe some cooler spring nights. Surpassed my love of Maison Lancome Oud Bouquet (i think- no im sure)... Elegant, Rich, Truly unisex, truly beautiful!
positive My favorite of the Maison Francis Kukdjian Oud line, Oud Satin Mood is clearly the sweetest of the bunch, a rose/oud/vanilla combination that is delicate and slightly powdery without being decidedly feminine.

The dry down does become slightly resinous, lending credence to the benzoin note, but my experience of it is still dominated by vanilla in the dry down, even a couple hours into wearing it.  I enjoy the subtlety of the dry down itself, not a cloying vanilla or rose or resin, but rather a gentle combination with some powder.

I don't detect much violet in this at all, either in the opening or later in the fragrance's life, which is fine, as I'm not a big fan of violet.

Very strong on performance for an EDP (I wouldn't have been surprised if it were labeled "extrait" intsead).

Certainly this is geared for cold weather wearing, and probably leans toward formal / night use as opposed to casual / day use.

$300 for 70ml is certainly a steep retail price for an EDP, but it's at least appropriately less expanse than the $375-for-70ml price for the other extraits in the Oud/Mood line (Cashmere, Silk, Velvet).

It's different enough from the other prominent rose/oud mix that I have (Armani Prive Rose d'Arabie) that I'd give strong consideration toward buying it at retail cost.

8 out of 10
positive Straight form the beginning I get a lovely, not too dark Bulgarian rose, with a bunch of violets forming a well-balanced opening. A woodsy undertone, a seamlessly integrated melting oud note penetrates the floral foreground, and in this composition the oud is not brutally-synthetically in-your-face à la By Kilian's Rose Oud, nor is is very discreetly in the olfactoric undergrowth as in Creed's Royal Oud.  In other word - a well-integrated oud. 

The second phase - I only get two phases on my skin - turns sweeter, based in tonka and a light ambery impression, so this sweeter stage blends in well with the rose and the oud to gradually replace the original notes.  The sweetness is well-balanced, with at times a gourmand dessert proclivity, like a halva or a crème brûlée withough the burnt flavour.  Very nice. 

As far as the performance is concerned, the sillage is quite strong, the projection excellent, and I get seven hours of longevity on my skin.  A scent for winter days that are not too chilly, this is worth a try for those who like their oud clearly present and balanced but not too loud. 3.25/5. 
positive A beautiful rose and oud combo that is nose catching at first sniff. Not an earthy oud, so if you want that blast your nose with oud effect you will be disappointed. Longevity and projection are above average. The price is a little high, but this a very good fragrance nonetheless. I will be purchasing a bottle(or at least get a nice sized decant)of this gem ASAP. 8.5/10
positive Whereas previous Oud Moods have been punishing in their bombastic brutalism, Oud Satin Mood finally delivers a perfume that beckons to me.
It has a plush rich-as-halva rose and vanilla combo at its heart that is hard to resist. This accord is half high calorie gourmand and half powdery make up. It’s enlivened at the top by an energizing violet that blends beautifully into the emerging full-bodied but graceful oriental creation coming up behind.
The oud is not the main attraction here – and that’s a recommendation. Whereas MFK ouds have been stridently butch, peppery and synthetic-seeming, the construct used here is of the humid and warm variety, woody but without the screech normally associated with that descriptor in perfumery these days.
Oud Satin Mood is a buxom creature, but no wanton – its embrace is gentle and warm, but it won’t stick its tongue up your nose.

positive Oud Satin Mood by Maison Francis Kurkdijan is a big, fat Middle Eastern sweet, the kind that is doused in rose syrup, thickened with salep, aromatized with mastic, sprinkled with rosewater and pistachios, and then, finally, dusted with a thick layer or five of powdered sugar so thick your teeth leaves indents in it.

Which means, of course, that I love it.

How could I not? I live in a country so thoroughly marked by a Turkish occupation in the late 1500s that every second word in the food vocabulary is Turkish. And since Turkish cuisine is influenced also by high Persian cuisine, we have quite a few Persian words for food too. Lokum (Turkish delight), halva, tulumba (fried cakes doused in honey syrup), baklava, sutlias (rice pudding) and many, many others – well, you get the picture.

To be honest, I don’t like to eat that stuff – but I do love perfumes that are based on what they smell like.

To me, Oud Satin Mood is a real standout in the Middle Eastern "dessert" genre (if such a genre exists outside of my own head, that is). The opening smells like a thick jam of berries and rose petals stirred through a pot of condensed milk on the stove. We are preparing to make Kulfi here. As vanilla, milk, sugar, and rose petals are cooked down, the sugar and sweet milk combine to produce a sort of toffee-like note.

This sounds almost oppressively sweet, doesn’t it? But it’s not, I swear. There’s a shot of violet here too, which combined with the rose, injects the mixture with the powdery smell you get when you open a Chanel pressed powder compact. It smells, in short, like a Middle Eastern sweet crossed (and leavened with) a rich cosmetics powder accord. 

There is also a very faint backbone of oud, and although it’s very subtle, it adds a medicinal woodiness that keeps the sugariness of the vanilla-milk syrup and rose jam in check. At this stage, it smells like MFK’s original Oud got together with Chanel’s Misia and had a baby. In a Middle Eastern pastry shop.

Oh, and the sillage, baby, the sillage!……this one wafts across crowded bars and noisy parties. A perfume as opulent and as powdered as this demands a generous bosom from which to radiate. Could a man wear this? I don’t see why not, as long as the man in question likes deeply sweet, powdery fragrances. He will be missing the cleavage, though. This perfume needs the cleavage.

It gets a bit too monotonously sweet in the dry down. The oud and rose disappear leaving only the hefty vanilla-amber and violet-y powder to do the heavy lifting. I wonder, with the amber and violet, if this smells anything like the fabled Guet–Apens by Guerlain? I’ve never smelled it, so I don’t know. Maybe someone can report back.

Anyone who dislikes powder or very sweet vanillas and ambers might have a problem with this. For a while, I could have sworn there was both caramel and white musk in this, so powdery and syrupy-sweet was the dry down, but I can’t see it listed in the notes anywhere. It must be the amber.

It reminds me somewhat of the crumbly butter cookies I smell in the far dry down of Tocade, but maybe even more of the oppressively-thick musk and caramel dry down of Dame Perfumery’s Black Flower Mexican Vanilla, which represents my own personal line in the sand when it comes to powder and sweetness. In short, I love most of this perfume except for the final last gasps, where it gets a bit cloying.

The price is €306 for 70ml, which is a bit too rich for my blood and especially for a perfume where the oud note – real or synthetic as the case might be – is simply too subtle to justify the cost. But there’s no denying that this is a real bombshell of a perfume and a standout in the Middle Eastern sweet gourmand/oud genre.

negative It's all oud almost. Might as well put on an oud essential oil. A smoky oud with a burned smell in the background. You may have smelled this type of oud fragrance being worn by many Middle Eastern (religious) men. I can only see this being applauded by this target audience as oud to them is the go to scent and deeply engrained within their cultures. They might also pick up various subtleties where Oud Satin Mood may or may not outperform other ouds, as they are so familiar with the stuff. 

The rose you get is harsh and pungent and to my nose not all that natural smelling just because the sharp oud keeps being in front of it morphing the rose notes (that probably are in fact very natural at this price point). Because of this, I'm reminded of many a room deodorizer with similar rose like scents. 

It's completely non-gourmand. I get no vanilla at all, no pods, no essential oil, no vannilin.

I wish Kurkdjian had surprised me like Montale did with Black Aoud but he didn't.
negative Smells too much like a Montale.  Heavy, dirty, rose-oud combo, not enough sweet vanilla-amber to balance it out.  I'm getting zero violet. 
 Just ends up smelling like an old-lady. The vanilla does come through the more you let it sit into the drydown but it's hard to get past the loud rose that becomes cloying.

This thing projects so be careful with the sprays, you won't need many.
negative Stardate 20170531:

Too sweet. Wish they had toned it down. The oud,rose and whatever else they have in it gets drowned by the cloying syrup. It does gets better 10 hours later but that is too long a time to wait for.

neutral A rose-oud fragrance that is not a rose-oud, but more about amber and vanilla. The initial violet is brisk and quickly leads to the oud and the rose - which have received the MFK treatment, and are tempered. Nonetheless this accord is quite compelling and feels plush and rich. However, this accord barely survives for about 2-3 hours before a giant halo of sweet amber and vanilla takes over and dominates the composition till the end. There is a very nice diffused sillage, and duration is excellent at more than eight hours. 

While this one is a good composition, eventually it's an amber/vanilla in my books and not an oud or a rose composition. And, within the class of amber/vanilla it's a solid composition, but nowhere near the crème de la crème when it comes to amber or vanilla compositions. 

Therefore, more of a filler in a line called the Oud series.

2.5/5
neutral Sampling a variety of mass marketed Ouds as a precursor to an eagerly awaited parcel of Sultan Pasha Attars which contain the genuine article.  This is a mildly interesting floral, not bad by any means.  One gets more wood in the drydown, but the predominant note here is rose. 
positive White skin under a dark red velvet corset. A knife hidden near a pumping heart. Blood rushing in her ears. By no means will she spare them. Her mind sharp as the knife , her intentions dark but just ..... a lady who stands up for herself. No galantuomo needed. She is free and upright , no one will bend her 

A fragrance for a woman deciding her own destiny. Powerful , dark, refined , noble. Red rose , earthy tones and a glimpse of humour when a small raspberry allows a sneak peek on who she is when she is in a good mood. 
She can kill or caress ... up to you 
positive Opening blast is a volumtuous rich rose with a hint of sandalwood. The smell is very high-end and I've been surounded with this kind of scent cloud in posh areas of London with a rich Middle Eastern clientele.

The rose becomes jammy and fruity (raspberry/cranberry) and then quite soapy. There is also a green element. 

This is clearly the mother of any number of illegitimate fruittychoulli scents. It brought Lancome LA vie est belle to my mind and (surprise suprise) it's the same nose.

Unlike many males on BN I don't find POAL easy for a man to pull off, it's decidedly feminine in scent and theme and has inspired too many other common feminines. It does have the quality rose smell of so many expensive rose-Oud combos and perhaps that is why many males feel comfortable with it. For me there is no counterpoint to the dominant rose to bring it back to a unisex center-ground.

Performance is really good which may make one feel a little self conscious if not 100% comfortable with the theme.
Overall 80/100 as a feminine perfume but not necessarily safe for to use as a unisex. A viable male alternative might be Diptyque Oud Palaou
positive What is there to say about this fragrance that hasn't already been said? This a stunning masterpiece of a fragrance that you owe it to yourself as a fraghead to try. Deep, rich, smoky, sensual, fruity, dry, sweet, creamy, soft - PoaL covers almost all the bases. The combination of rose and patchouli - tried and true - is enriched by glowing incense, creamy sandalwood, autumnal spices, and a photorealistic raspberry note (so real that you can smell the tannins in the seeds). It is intoxicating, it is full-bodied, it is exotic, it is powerful, it is perfume with a capital P. This is what you wear when you want to make a statement, when you want to impress, when you want to stand out from the crowd and make everyone smell you. Simply put, one of the best rose fragrances ever made.
positive Portrait of a Lady? Okay, sure, whatever you say, Mr. Ropion. Maybe if that lady was a former headshop hippie from 1975 who goes on to become a rock star, part Stevie Nicks, part Steven Tyler, while regularly atoning for her sins at Catholic Mass every Sunday.

Dark but never heavy, fruity but also funky, with a luminous, clove-y rose that holds it all together. Probably one of my top-ten favorite scents of all time.
positive Beautiful. Easily distinguishing rose, patchouli, clove, and incense. I was worried about this one, because I generally am not a big fan of incense forward frags. This has a proper amount in it as to not overpower the rest of the composition. The patchouli gives it an earthy greenness, while the berries prop up the jammy-ness of the rose in the opening. Its performance is big all around. The cloves here bring the rose down to a more masculine place, though I'm not sure its quite there for me. I get something that makes me think aldehydes, but I see it nowhere. Really well blended, there are no hard edges.

I'm going thumbs up here for quality, and because it is labeled as a feminine fragrance to start with.  The biggest detractor is the unwieldy cost, which is not enough to drop its rating.  
positive Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle sits somewhere between Creed and L'Artisan Parfumeur in terms of prestige and creative freedom. On one hand, Frédéric Malle fancies himself a creative director and "ghost writer" alongside the perfumers he chooses to work with him, guiding them to something that fits both his vision and theirs, but on the other, he also plays up the exclusivity of his label and cost of materials to rake in the cash from naive nouveau-riche. For this reason, scents like Portrait of a Lady (2010) receive both fervent praise from perfumistas enamored with the label's showcasing of perfumer's talent with an uncapped budget, and also derision from hardcore hobbyists that know the same relative quality can be had even within niche realms for half the cost. I could easily name a half dozen rose scents in the same heady, dark, rich vein as this, but there's no point in cutting this off at the kneecaps for being a more expensive alternative to them, since it's all relative to the budget of the onlooker anyway, and who's to say the same person can't both enjoy a $10 bottle of Tea Rose (1972) and a $340 bottle of Portrait of a Lady? What is in effect presented here is a Turkish rose wrapped in spice and incense. The stuff is sold as a feminine perfume but draws parallels to male-oriented rose scents thus is worn by quite a few guys too. The name comes from the Henry James novel of 1881, and focuses on creating the scent worn by the Victorian-era heroine Isabel Archer, which is said to be of dark roses. 

Portrait of a Lady opens with plenty of Turkish rose, and fans of Aramis Perfume Calligraphy Rose (2013) or Amouage Lyric Man (2008) already know where this is headed. This isn't a sweet damask rose nor a leafy tea rose like many of it's ilk, but shrouds a deep red rose head note in black currant and raspberry, both darker fruits. The middle notes of cinnamon, clove, and patchouli, give this a spicy and earthy rounding of the rose's edges, before the woodsy aromachemical base of sandal, benzoin, ambroxan, and incense finish it off. The weakest link here, especially for a scent so expensive, is the reliance on the "Kmart Blue Light Special" aspects of ambroxan, which link this back to trendy high-end designer scents that folks who love Frédéric Malle will likely scoff at, raising monocle to eye and turning up nose past their hairline uttering "how so very dare you" in a nasal transatlantic "lockjaw" accent. Well screw those folks, I don't mind the drydown at all, and anyone who enjoys anything from the larger niche houses these days should likely expect a few popular aromachems here or there anyway, and if it matters that much, there are plenty of one-person operations and tiny artisinal perfumers making scents purely from raw materials that can hand you a comparable rose to this without the ambroxan scratch in the finish. After the scent finishes developing, what is left behind is that Turkish rose, some patchouli, clove, incense, and  nondescript woods with musky underpinnings. Longevity is good, but like most rose scents, this will dominate whatever shirt you're wearing while it's on your skin, lingering hours after, so definitely wash said garment afterwards. I like Portrait of a Lady but for me, I don't think it's nearly $400 good, and with what is effectively a sample sprayer costing as much as a 50ml of Chanel, even smaller sizes are not much of a value. I must note that this is one of the more expensive Frédéric Malle scents, and not all of them are the same price, so don't dismiss the house based on this one review, please.

Portrait of a Lady is a success in what it sets out to be: an olfactory representation of a fictional perfume from a character pulled out of a novel made in a bygone era. As wearable perfume in the modern day, Portrait of a Lady does feel a tad more masculine than feminine with it's portrayal of rose, even if that portrayal is pretty in line with what passed for rose fragrances in the late 19th century, sans the ambroxan of course, because they'd have real ambergris in that 'mutha if it was made then. I'd recommend better dark roses before this one, but Dominique Ropion does a noble job of the task at hand, it's just this kind of thing has already existed for a while before it came around, so in the very large world of rose scents, it had a lot of stiff competition, like Tom Ford's Noir de Noir (2007) for example. Portrait of a Lady is best in mid-climates like spring, fall, or indoors just about any time, with a spicy romantic flair that makes it unsuitable for the office to me, but your opinion may be different. I think a dry leather note or maybe something green might have added enough austerity to sober this up for the professional environment, but as it stands, this is just a tad closer to the smell of the "fallen women" or male "fops" of the Victorian era than anyone trying to be presentable. Thumbs up for quality and performance, but with trepidation do I suggest this one, since it isn't even the best of it's lot and the cost makes it a bit prohibitive to explore without sampling for yourself. Luckily, this one is pretty common at most upscale department stores, so that shouldn't be too tricky! A nice and spicy unisex rose scent, just not for the unwashed masses, to be sure. 
positive Lasts for about 14 hours, the last of which as skin scent, pretty powerful rose and incense combo, very unisex and not just for ladies, it has a kinky and very dark vibe, one of the best outings fro Malle for some serious sillage it takes some serious spraying!



positive A lady indeed.  I got a musty, smoldering spice of a rose in the beginning.  If I inhaled deeply I smelled a teeny tiny bit of raspberry.  Settling down, it became a dry tinder pile of incense and patchouli.  A musky amber finishes this off with nary a nod to benzoin.  
positive Every time I tried it on I get different ideas. This perfume is a Rubik's cube, my dumb brain can only work out one face at a time.

The most current version I got is: vivid rose blast at opening, accompanied by something strongly reminiscent of oud(incense?), with some sort of spicy animalistic undertone. A panther hide in rose bushes. If I get close enough, there is a soothing aspect of aldehyde. 

The rose, thankfully, doesn't have the indolic feel as in Une Rose, possibly due to some fruity softener that I couldn't tell. My skin stays a battlefield between army of red rose and slightly pungent musk. After an hour or so, rose is utterly defeated and the musk decimated, a vast land of patchouli finally reveal itself.

If it really is a portrait of a certain lady, then it's the portrait of Rebecca, the devious and charming mistress of Manderley.
positive Portrait of a Lady is now called "Portrait of a King embracing his Lady!!

...WOW, what a fragrance!!!

Floral, because of the Rose and spices; but also, slightly woodsy from the Patchouli and Sandalwood. 

In the end, you are going to get a beautiful creamy, yet rose combined spice fragrance that is dry and incensey! Lovely!

Performance: 10/10
Silage: 10/10
Longevity: 10/10
Overall: 10/10

[Update: I didn't have to sell myself to get this :o); got a 1.7oz for a really good deal! new-$135]
positive Fantastic projection, fantastic longevity. Perhaps bit too much floral. Only the second cologne that I tried that last until I was in the gym the next morning. Although not quite my fragrance definitely has a lot to have any protection. 
positive I've been putting off writing a review of POAL for ages, because I've had difficulty putting into words what makes it special, and also why I don't care much for it.  

In terms of smell, at its core, it's a fruitchouli, that mix of berries and rose and patchouli that comes together to smell like rich flowery fruity jam.  It throws in some saffron to give it a leathery oud feel, and goes further by adding some sandalwood in tribute to a classic sandalwood/rose attar.

What makes it special is twofold.  First, while most perfumes of this type use cheap fake rose (because it's easy to get away with hiding it behind all the strong ingredients), POAL uses a large amount of upfront real rose, which is the main reason this is considered the best of the genre.  Second, as explained wonderfully in jtd's review, there's a high-performance sheen to POAL that's remarkable.  Rose usually fades in a couple of hours, but somehow POAL's rose shines brightly and unwaveringly for days.  The whole perfume has nuclear longevity thanks to a combination of masterful chemistry and a high budget, which is simply unmatched elsewhere. 

Given all this, I have no choice but to give POAL a thumbs up, but I just don't like it that much.  The top-of-its-class longevity actually makes it kind of boring to me - I would have enjoyed a slow descent from rose to sandalwood, but instead it just sits there, glowing brightly with its changes happening too slowly to be appreciated.  Also, I just don't like fruitchoulis very much, so even the best isn't going to win me over.

Anyway, thumbs up, of course.  This is one of those perfumes you should know.
positive La belle ferronnière by  Leonardo da Vinci
positive I was looking for a fresh, green rose, which this definitely is not, but I've quickly become addicted to this unique scent.

To me, it smells like a rich, slightly tart, spicy rose syrup, with a firm, edgy hit of sharp ginger. There's no ginger in the notes, so it's probably a combination of red fruit and other spices that gives me this impression. Over time, the scent develops a more loukoum like character, with a dense, but transparent, jelly-like consistency. Throughout its development, this scent manages to perfectly balance acidity, sweetness, and sharpness. To me, it's a very edible rose, which is quite extraordinary because rose is a difficult flavor to successfully pull off in food.

Half a sample in, I strongly feel like I don't want to live without it. Its longevity is unbelievable, and one of the best things about this scent is that its character remains fully intact over time. Smelling it on my clothing the second day it's almost as strong, vibrant and sparkling as when I first sprayed it on.

It's prohibitively expensive, but well worth the money.
positive This one has been my signature scent ever since it's launch. Occasionally in a fickle moment I apply a different fragrance but I feel like an adulterous woman cheating on a sweet hearted lover.

I've just tried Dans tes Bras hoping to wean myself away from my beloved POAL but sadly, no deal.DTB is like an icicle, cold and soulless. POAL is like sinking into a soft feather bed at the end of a hard and tiring day. It is woven into my being I'm sure. 

This is a fragrance that either works for you or it doesn't and sadly for me, given it's price, this is my perfect partner.
positive The rose and patchouli pairing is such a good fit that it seems like proof of fate. It’s been the basis for a range of leathery, ambery, woody and mossy perfumes spanning woody-floral, chypre and oriental genres. The Malle PR boasts that Ropion used surpassing doses of rose essence and patchouli coeur, a fractionated patchouli. Fractionated naturals are botanical materials that have been separated into their constituent parts by chemical and physical processes, especially molecular distillation, and edited to remove undesirable traits.

Around the time of Portrait’s launch more and more of these ‘tidied up’ botanicals were becoming available. Well understood materials like vetiver, cedar and patchouli saw their challenging attributes reduced or removed, leaving frictionless, blissful versions of the materials. They were sanded, polished and lacquered. Aroma materials manufacturers were pushing their hot new high-tech, stripped-down botanicals. They were an easy sell. They used a version of the best-of-all-worlds tactic to sidestep the endless botanical vs synthetic debate. They are ‘natural’ and therefore good but they have also been made better through chemistry and are therefore contemporary.

Used thoughtfully, fractionated botanicals allowed a measured, precise tailoring of olfactory effects. Unfortunately they also made their way into some simplistic compositions that smelled like ‘easy listening’ perfumes. The niche and mainstream markets of the time were top-heavy with a glut of radiant, synth-woody fragrances. Many perfume buyers had become accustomed to judging the quality of a perfume by how closely it approximated the properties of woody amber materials. These scrubbed versions of botanical materials matched the tone created by woody ambers. An entire fumie cohort was conditioned to respond to the ‘clarity’ of the new generation of fractionated botanicals.

Distillation of materials is not new to perfumery by any means. The recent emphasis on fractionating well-understood botanical aroma-materials stems from the attempt to dissect IFRA-designated toxic materials such as lavender, lemon and the notoriously virulent tea leaf and remove their noxious bits. Think of a fraction as a potent material that has undergone an exorcism.

***

Rose and patchouli have complementary facets that fit like a lock and key and have strong synergy. The camphorous chill of patchouli acts like an astringent to rose, keeping it from settling into the dull beauty that an uninspired rose perfume can have. Rose’s berry notes become wine-like and boozy when paired with patchouli. Resinous materials give rose a honeyed drawl and musk keeps the bloom on the rose. Camphor, berry notes, musk and amber are the olfactory attributes emphasized in coeur de vetiver and Ropion uses them along with incense, benzoin and god only knows what else to create the durable accords that allow Portrait of a Lady to last for days. It is classically Ropion in that rich natural materials and potent synthetics are focussed on the same goal: coherence. The perfume’s sillage and forcefulness hint at potent synthetics. Happily, though, the ear-ringing, gut-churning feeling I associate with over-reliance on particular synthetics to give radiance and endurance is nowhere to be found. Portrait of a Lady showcases Ropion’s exceptional capacity to calibrate synthetics toward specific compositional ends while avoiding their side-effects.

Since 2010 when it was released, Portrait of a Lady has come to stand toe-to-toe with an equally imposing patch-rose, Aromatics Elixir. While AE dominates the mossy/chypre side of the rose-patch hoards, The Lady has become the standard against which woody and oriental side of the rose family is compared. Rose-oud as well. It’s a perfume that begs to be described in superlatives and worn with abandon.
positive I chased down a lady three blocks away to ask the name of her perfume. Enormous sillage on that windy day. Ever since, this has been on my top five. Opens with quieter peppery spices. Then the most velvety sumptuous rose incense shows through with some fruity sweetness. Its rosy benzoin and sandalwood drydown is sensuous. It is bright and it is dark. Beautiful from beginning to the end. Exceptional longevity.
positive I really don't know how unisex this is, but I do know that it's beautiful and I love smelling it on my own skin.  Without getting into the notes, which others are far more capable of doing than I, my impression of this beauty is like this; if Montale's Black Oud was Bruce Jenner and he had a sex change and transformed into Scarlett Johanssen, then Portrait of a Lady would be the result.  As a man, you'd have to be pretty sure of yourself to wear this.
positive Delicate green fruity floral opening, lightly powdery. Sweet, powdery, and restrained. Rose and patchouli in elegant harmony - old fashioned scent. Reminds me of lilac. Eastern Orthodox church incense. Sophisticated but grounded - mature. It's lightness and elegance brings Japanese perfume to mind. As it dries down the incense comes more to the fore with a bit of a dirty, earthy note (like a centuries old Buddhist temple) in the background. Dries down after a couple of hours to a pale, earthy floral.
positive Great take on rose. Took me a couple of wears to appreciate it. Smells like the Indian 'paan'. Wish it was cheaper. 
positive I'm a fan of this one. One of my favorites from the Malle line. Fantastic, musty, sweet, powdery rose, done as an approachable unisex perfume, with good performance.
positive Portrait of a Lady is the first Frederic Malle I've tried and a rose seemed like a fitting way to introduce me to line---POAL is a very nice fresh rose with patchouli and cinnamon. It's slightly fruity, as well, though not with, say, the same sweet jammyness of Rose Flash or other sweeter rose fragrances.  It leans further to the fresh and slightly spicy, rather.

To me, it's very good but not great; a like but not a love.  But I imagine this largely depends on individual body chemistry.  I wouldn't argue that POAL is very unique or special, but it walks the unisex line very effectively, as this could be surely flattering on both a man and woman.

Projection and longevity are both decent, but at $250 for 50ml and $365 for 100ml, I can't imagine opting for this.  There are many cheaper, better rose options that I would recommend first (Rose Flash, Une Rose de Kandahar, even Noir de Noir or Cafe Rose).  Still, some might find it to be much more pleasant than the other so I think it's worth trying.

7 out of 10
positive oh...this is good. Really good. 

I'm in trouble. I never knew rose could be so violently complex yet so sweet and comforting. It is the whole rose composed, thorns and all. I feel its sting, yet the velvety smooth petals bring me so much joy. This is the BDSM of fragrance. 

The blending of the patchouli is a dance of push and pull - like a sensual mating dance. The rose plays hide-and-seek with the patchouli and it's a mystery as to when and why one appears and one doesn't. 

The sandalwood lays low, but it not quite demure. It makes me smile even as I type this review. It's a lovely balance. Perfect. 

Certainly, this is an expensive fragrance, but one that is most worthy of a full bottle. 
positive The core note is the rose, a medium-dark but neither heavy nor overly brooding rose on my skin.  It is if high quality and very convincing.  

Still in the opening ohase an gently peppery incense note is added, and this now is like a dark cloud mixing with the as such very balanced rose, but on me this is still not overwhelmingly dark but retains an admirable balance of lightness, richness and depth. Furthermore, a restrained cinnamon together with a forest berry mix - blackcurrant mainly - provides a fruity undertone, not sweet but resulting in a lovely twist.   A classic balance, whilst maintaining a good structure.  This is a great rose-centred delight.

As gas as the base is concerned, it does not keep up with the sophisticated and complex first half of this creation. More linear, flatter and mainly an ambroxan impression with a generic light musk and a somewhat pedestrian soft patchouli added in. Fortunately the components of the earlier phase spill over into the base at times, such as to make it more interesting.  I do not get any wood note worth mentioning. 

The performance is very good with moderate sillage, good projection and eight hours of longevity. 

My conclusion is that this had the potential to become a truly great creation that has been downgraded by its second-rate base notes, but overall it still warrants a positive score.  Great in spring or on warmer autumn days.  3.5/5
positive First of all: kudos to Dominique Ropion for creating this masterful rose scent. Its absolutely beautiful and very powerful. While I don't see any comparison with the perfumes noted above, if I had to compare it to another scent I'd say it's like Cruel Intentions by Kilian on steroids. As a side note: when I first tried out the FM line, I hoped to fall in love with Ellena's poetic contributions - ironically I ended up falling for the "not so subtle" PoaL.

While I am not a huge fan of the opening, once the initial incense blast dies down the rose and incense find a perfect balance. From this point on until the morning after (if you wish - this one has beastly performance) a fruity rose dances with incense and patchouli in perfect harmony. I find this scent very attractive which surprises me as I usually shy away from rose centred fragrances. If I had to make an educated guess I'd attribute the appeal of PoaL to the berry accord and masterful blending.
positive Salutation.

Portrait of a femme fatale.this is one of the most amazing and magnificent niche scents that i've ever come across.this fragrance is a head turner.it leaves a sensual aroma when you leave a room.it is such a sexy but yet cool enough scent it makes you feel attractive instantly.this scent is special so it may not be very suitable for everyone it is unique, haunting in its strength and complexity. in other word Sophisticated,Smoky, Expensive,Laudable,Classy, Dark,Rich,Gorgeous and Voluptuous.

The scent blends a variety of powerful elements, strong and passionate top notes of rose,cinnamon and black currant mix with incense and bove all patchouli,closing with earthy,sensual yet subtle base notes of amber,musk and woody notes.the composition is is thoroughly charming in its ability to be worn at the special occasion.PORTRAIT OF A LADY is not absolutely feminine but You can't wear this fragrance without feeling very brave and at least a little sexy.perfect for autumn/winter.Definitely try it on before purchase.

Sillage?Superb.

Longevity?Lasts and lasts.

7.5/10
positive "Her nature had, in her conceit, a certain garden-like quality, a suggestion of perfume and murmuring boughs, of shady bowers and lengthening vistas, which made her feel that introspection was, after all, an exercise in the open air, and that a visit to the recesses of one's spirit was harmless when one returned from it with a lapful of roses." Henry James, Portrait of a Lady

This quote from the novel that inspired this perfume describes it perfectly. Isabelle Archer, the prototypical Sagittarius, is willful, proud, intellectual, adventurous, lucky and drawn to the exotic. This perfume smells like what she would wear, confident projection, rich with Turkish rose absolute, a heart of dark patchouli, smelling of spice and incense, and admirably tenacious.

Since my husband wears Geranium Pour Monsieur, every time I spoke to a Frederic Malle associate, I was urged to try this. Like the heroine herself, I resisted the obvious best choice until the very end. On paper, it just didn't do anything for me. I knew so many men wore it, that I didn't even want to try it on. It sounded like some old drag queen, campy (camphoraceous), throaty and LOUD. But when I finally tried it on, I was pleasantly surprised to find my skin showed a strong raspberry note with a dry dusty leather, the golden glow of rose without being grandma rose, and a realistic impression of incense like classic agarbatti. Although so many people wear this perfume, I feel like it is my own, and I will finally get a full bottle. I love Dominic Ropion's work for this line, including Une Fleur de Cassie and the new Cologne Indelible, so it makes sense I would finally come around to this scent.

negative More like "Portrait of an Old Lady". I can't believe this is so well rated. It smells to me a lot like an elderly woman mixed with the gourmand scent of a male club fragrance.

neutral Really pleasant fragrance. Just too feminine for me. On a lady this would be great!! 
neutral Rose dominated fragrance that can easily become cloying if more than 1-2 sprays applied.  

Leans feminine but does have similarities with other Montale rose-heavy fragrances that men wear, so if you're inclined to like those, then you might like this.

Performance is excellent, just a few sprays fills a room and lasts all day.
positive I imagine there is not one perfume I would (likely) not adore that is designed & manufactured by Frederic Malle.  I'm on another quest to expand my limited "signature" and "go to" fragrances, Frederic Malle Musc Ravageur and Acqua di Parma Magnolia Nobile (to name my favorite two).  I like incense, I like vintage rose, I like musk, I like patchouli; however as I've often noted, I do not like solo scents or linear fragrances one little bit.  I prefer dark, moody, complex fragrances with a few precious notes that play on my skin and favor my nose (and others' noses, especially my husband's).

IMHO, this potion is about as perfect as the above mentioned notes can get.  Definitely the Holy Grail of a rose-incense-patchouli-wood-musk fragrance.  Diamond flame said it well: a lush rose opening obscured in a cloud of incense and smoke with an under current of black currants.

Lush, luxurious, rich, enigmatic, fragrant, delightful, passionate, complex, sexy.  What more can I say??? Like all FM perfumes, silage is divine and longevity is great.

I LOVE this stuff!  So why am I having trouble justifying $395.00 for a 3.5 ml flacon?  I'll make it last, I swear I will!!  Ugggghhhh...seems like such an indulgence.  One of my VERY FEW vices...expensive niche perfumes.

I am going to try Ex Idolo "Thirty-Three" before I purchase this fragrance.  Thirty-three has recently been compared by some as a "less expensive" PoaL.   Waiting for my sample to arrive.  I'll be pleasantly surprised if it does; however, I sincerely doubt anything compares to this divine delight.  Seems to me NOTHING can hold a candle to this stuff.

Thanks, Frederic Malle.
positive Genre: Chypre

Let’s start with the name. “Portrait of A Lady” has to be the most outrageous fragrance misnomer since Exceptional launched its non-descript and deadly dull eponymous sports fragrance for men in 2008. If ever a fragrance broadcast “UNISEX” on application, this is it. Heck, had Malle offered it as say, “Black Stallion,” it might have done well as a masculine. First the porn star-worthy “Thunderwood,” now this…someone needs to talk to marketing.

Portrait of a Lady actually launches on a searing black pepper note that gives Marc Jacobs’s Bang a run for its money. Following soon after are a dark, dry rose, oudh, and a camphoraceous (rather than earthy/sweaty) patchouli note, all supported by a rather stark and austere foundation of wood and frankincense. I see a conceptual relationship between Portrait of a Lady and the peppery-woody-incense rose of Caron’s Parfum Sacré, but the Malle is far less plush and comfortable. There are also parallels with some of the Montale oudh scents, including Black Aoud, which shares also leans on rose, oudh, and patchouli, and with Juliet Has a Gun’s softer and more recent Lady Vengeance. 

Portrait of a Lady’s somewhat surprising drydown distinguishes it from any of these predecessors. Rather than the expected balsamic woody-oriental base notes, Portrait of a Lady settles on a relatively hard-edged, dry accord of oudh, woods, and a proudly synthetic-smelling clean musk vaguely reminds me of Malle’s Geranium pour Monsieur. (Also by Ropion.) My only complaint, based on a single wearing, is that like Geranium pour Monsieur, Portrait of a Lady segues into its drydown early and abruptly. I would enjoy the scent more if the rose, oudh, pepper, and patchouli accord of the middle section lasted for more than a half an hour. When I can manage them, additional wearings may yield a different experience. Even so, I consider Portrait of a Lady well worth trying – for ladies and gentlemen alike!

positive No rose by any other name is beautifully haunting and longing like Portrait of a Lady. Am still debating whether i as a grown man can confidently pull it off though..... 
positive Romantic, assertive, tormented and decadent. Probably one of my favorite (few) masterpieces around and my most appreciated from this brand for sure. The combination of complex (multi nuanced) spicy/fruity/vegetal/humid rose absolute, royal patchouli, faint woody resins and frankincense is romantic, decadent, Victorian and poetic. You can detect the pungency from raspberries (pushing up as a vegetal leverage the rosey intensity) by soon together with luxurious oily citrus (classic "neo-cologney" bergamot), sweet (piquant) spices and pepper. The first blast is indeed misty (more than vaguely prickly), rosey, barely medicinal, spicy/fruity, leafy/earthy and slightly resinous. The vintage/baroque parisian elegant soul of the fragrance starts soon to emerge as soon as the rosey patchouli (a la Histoires de Parfums- mostly  Rosam- in common incense, spices, oud, patchouli, rose etc etc, even if Rosam is less fruity--and with some Noir Patchouli's nuances) takes "musically" the stage surrounded by multitudinous nuances (spicy, incensey, ambery and fruity). The more the development blooms up the more I detect the smooth ambery/blackcurrant/red berries fruity influence and the dominant Queen Rose in a finally thinned spicy mist. The "Palatin" dry down (softly rosey, silky and almost powdery) is exactly like a portrait of a romantic lady on the Rive Gauche's side in autumn, a pure musky/spicy/floral chypre perfection, a magic combination of hyper sophisticated nostalgic nuances. 
Pros: A royal combination of aristocratic notes.
Cons: Any"</p>
PS: Malle's POAL (a misty and resinous rose/patchouli) is neither a sharp rosey centered fragrance nor a straight forward rose itself since a misty and dense fruity amber (spicy blackcurrant+ Red berries + amber itself + creamy incense) plays a role of co-protagonist enveloping the floral element (never typically earthy/grassy/botanical) and hints of incensey and woody "resinousity" in a denser art-deco voluptuous embrace while the floral element is more properly catchable in the final part of the trip. Anyway also at the end of journey the rose is yet finally slightly "misty". I detect some Rosam's vibe (misty/resinous rose-patchouli) and in the HDP's one the rose element is effectively more central in the body of a less fruity but almost equally resinous aroma.
positive Not a portrait but a sketch	Anyone expecting an exotic rose fragrance for women is in for a big disappointment. Portrait of a Lady unveils a beautifully lush rose opening note only to have it cruelly obscured by a cloud of incense and wood smoke. Other than a subtly fruity undercurrent of black currants this is mostly a somber affair, a dark almost smoky resinous take on the rose-patchouli accord with emphasis on the latter. 	A portrait painting in colorful acrylic this is not, more a monochromatic sketch in dusty graphite.  
positive Heady Ambery Perfume	Its very bad ,I dont like it at all since its very heady  spicy ambery perfume. I dont smell any floral   note at all.The best description for this perfume is " Its YSL M7 Sister "
positive In the opening I can smell fruity incense mixing in with patchouli followed by a sweet rose. This is a very complex fragrance with a lot of notes coming at you all at once.

Once it settles the rose becomes more prominent and floral but with fruity undertones supporting the rose.

In the basenotes the incense becomes more dominant and the rose note recedes from the spotlight.

What makes this fragrance better than most other similar scents is it's superior execution. It has a symphony of notes that have been carefully orchestrated to bring you a complex and enjoyable olfactory experience. Very well done! 
positive This is an absolutely amazing rose fragrance that is definitely not bright and cheerful, but lurks more in the darker deeper recesses of the fragrance mind. When I think of Portrait of a Lady I think of that scene in American Beauty where Mena Suvari is lying naked covered in rose petals. It is just that sexy of a rose fragrance and its one of those rare fragrances that makes me feel sexy as well.

I completely agree that it takes a lot of confidence to pull this one off as it will smell very feminine to the majority of people, I often get asked by male friends why I smell like a women's perfume, until they see that women absolutely love it on me as well, haha. 

Definitely agree it is unisex and while I don't personally own it, I love it. As to why, as much as I enjoy this fragrance, I find it absolutely ridiculous on my girlfriend as it smells divine and enticing to me and to her. Therefore it is in her collection and not mine.

positive I received an amazing compliment from a beautiful woman while wearing this fragrance today. What an unfortunate name for such a middle of the fence, unisex  fragrance. The rose is beautifully blended with incense,sandalwood, patchouli, and cloves. Any well dressed, confident man can pull this fragrance off. If you adore fragrances like Incense Oud or Jubilation XXV, give this one a sniff.
positive AWESOMEEE!!!!!!
BEST ROSE PERFUME EVERY! ACTUALLY BEST PERFUME ENTIRELY!!
I MEAN DAMNN what a beautiful turkish rose, then there is frankinscence and a little oud
oh yes and patchouli
after like 5-6 hours i get less hints of it on myself but i cant believe it that the entire is actually packed with it
even after like a day people within 10-20 yards go crazy smelling it
positive Why does Dominique Ropion have such a hold over my nose? I am afraid to try out too many of his fragrances, because it seems that after one sniff I always end up obsessing over his creation until I buy a full bottle. I can't afford to do this.

Anyhow, as soon as I smelled it, I knew. This was the rose I was looking for. Dark, sweet, sexy. The patchouli and sandalwood give it heft, and the hint of spice and incense keep it compulsively sniffable. 1-2 sprays will do you, and for hours and hours, too.
positive 5/5 - I haven't taken the time to review a fragrance in quite a long time, but I felt I needed to add one for PoaL. This is probably the finest in the Malle lineup, rivaling Vetiver Extraordinaire, another D. Ropion composition. 

What makes it so brilliant is that the longevity is incredible and the sillage is just perfect. It is rose, spice, woods and oud in perfect harmony - never too synthetic or brash, just perfect. A little goes a VERY long way. I'm rather shocked that someone could find the longevity lacking, as 30 hours and a thorough shower didn't rid me of its sublime dry-down.

This, along with Creed's vintage formulation of Fleur de The Rose Bulgare, are the finest, most perfect rose fragrances ever (sorry Nahema, Rose 31, DC 1913, etc. etc.!)
positive This scent reminds me of Agent Provocatuer in its smoky, musky, slightly dirty rose. 

POAL is more refined and more sophisticated, shines a little brighter and is softer around the edges. If these two were related, AP would be the evil twin.

The berry top notes give the scent a dewy innocence, taken over by a mysterious incense, and finished with a musky woodiness. 

Ropion has portrayed women of all ages in a bottle which manages to be both youthful and mature at the same time.

The top notes don't last for more than an hour on my skin (wimpers), I guess this is like childhood; short and sweet.

A very enjoyable fragrance all round and hopefully will one day find a place on my dresser :)



positive Malle talks about a balance of excessive elements for this one – and he's right. However, despite the balance, the final result remains a bit busty and thrusting, due to the power of the notes. 
It opens with a hypnotic liquerish-intensity reminiscent of the opening of No 88. The rose is top notch and assertive, the patchouli, on the other hand, is buffed to a beautiful smoothness, not some feral hippy beast. The incense, sandal and spices, provide structure, but without distracting us from the patchouli-rose romance. It does have a powerhouse fresh musk propelling the whole thing forward, but also introducing a monotonous element to what is otherwise a pretty splendid creation. Some have identified it as ambroxan and that may well be the case having tried JHAG's Not A Perfume. Each time I try it, the intoxicating start urges me to buy it, but an hour or so in, I decide I can live without it after all.  

positive A truly beautiful rose dominated opening.  A little powder makes it's appearance in short order and you think, "Oh no, here it comes blowing across the open plain like a diaper change dustbowl," but mercifully the powder never gets out of hand.  As POAL dries down it shakes out to a comely slightly powdered rose sitting on musky sandalwood.  The benzoin, cinnamon and frankincense are all restrained enough to keep POAL from slipping into the realm of the brazen oriental.  When the base becomes more evident it veers a little toward unisex but I'm skeptical most men could wear it comfortably; it's pretty feminine.  Classic sophistication in a fragrance.
positive Sweetly. Sexy.

My heart was racing right out of the gate.  I was already too far in love to recall how to beg for more.  But in a seeming instant she was gone.  She took beauty, she left memories and questions.

Is it really better to have loved and lost than to never have loved at all?  Yes, yes it is, Frederic Malle says so elegantly with this fragrance.  If I could give this six stars I would, but as it stands I can't even give it five because it vanishes too soon.  Had this the sillage of a Montale it would be an all-timer of a sweet, sexy blend of the most masterful seduction.  Its artistry with sweet rose and incense is unmatched.  As with all things so divine, however, I just wish she could've stayed a little longer.
positive A BIG thumbs up for this five star winner from Ropion that is my new favorite scent overall.  Portrait of a Lady starts with a sublime mixture of rose, incense, wood and a hint of raspberry in the background to support the rose and incense, with patchouli growing through the dry down to mix with the incense as the rose recedes.  It is rather linear, but when the scent smells this good, that is a very good thing, IMO.  The sillage and longevity here are absolutely spectacular (my one spray lasted well over 30 hours at near full strength and sillage on skin) and the scent smells even better from a distance.  As for classification, I don't know why this is marketed as a feminine scent, as I definitely think it is unisex and if someone said it was targeted as a men's scent I would have been far from surprised.  

The only drawback is the cost...  I went on a top Basenotes recommended fragrance testing binge in Vegas, and only put a couple favorites on skin.  Portrait of a Lady won out overall, but when I came back to Barney's to make the purchase it turned out to be $210 for a 50 ml and $300 for 100 ml.  Ouch!  I ended up still buying the 50 ml after thinking it over some more, because it really is that good and unique.  Finally, as people have mentioned in other reviews, this one is potent and one spray will almost assuredly get the job done...  Go easy on the trigger folks!
positive This is one of the best fragrances I have ever had the pleasure to sniff.  Opens with a dark, sugared floral explosion, rose and piquant berries.  It doesn't dry down so much as bloom... the base of aromatic woods and incenses slowly emerging through currant, clove, and cinnamon to take center stage.  It is masterfully blended; the rose does not dominate, but contributes a velvety dark red sheen to a perfectly unisex woody oriental.  It projects like an opera singer and lasts for days.  For those who prefer the berry and rose (the most beautiful, and more feminine, part of the perfume's development) to last longer, I would suggest trying the body butter.

Portrait of a Lady is, in my opinion, the finest scent from FM and unequivocally a masterpiece.
positive I love this. I am a huge fan of Rose Absolut, Patchouli and Sandalwood. The Sandalwood and Patchouli alone are wonderful, but the Rose cuts the headiness and gives it that dry sweetness. A nice complement to each other. Opening notes are delightful and the drydown is fabulous ... that's where the rose really shines. 

The heart gets a little weird (cloves and Ambroxan), but over all very nice. 

I suppose the Ambroxan is what is making that "faux ambre" note I'm sensing in the heart. I don't care for anything synthetic, most especially when it's trying to copy something real ... but MUCH better and more PC than real Ambergris, for sure! (I don't mind aldehydes, but they're not trying to be something they're not!) I can also do without the clove (reminds me of the dentist). Definitely unisex, as most Malle frags are. Opening and drydown are my favorites. 

VERY powerful scent and I mean that a little goes a LONG way. Let's just say, a bottle of this could last several lifetimes! ;)

(I don't know why people spray on a load and then complain when it's too heavy. ANYTHING ... with Patchouli in it ... ALWAYS use caution, at least, at first!)
positive A sublime rose/incense/woody scent that is masterfully blended. The name is a misnomer since this really works as a dark rose masculine. Fragrant, intense, one of a kind, heady outtake from this very discriminating niche-house.

A++++
positive a beautiful complex rose perfume
definitely unisex veering towards the masculine

i smell evidences Parfum Sacre as others here have commented once in a while

though a more constant resemblance for me for the drydown is alexander mcqueen's Kingdom Summer/limited edition.. though the mcqueen is far warmer on me and harder to wear especially in hot weather
positive Beautiful beyond words. A huge mesmerizing tower. PoL Opens with a breeze of currants and berries then a breathtaking rose that is so big is it difficult to perceive, on top bone dry incense/patchouli and oudh Words cannot convey the majesty of this fragrance. Could be worn by anyone except a wallflower. This is my current top pick out of my entire wardrobe.
positive Don't let the name misleading you, Portrait Of a Lady is a perfect unisex fragrance. Despite the fact oud is not listed between the notes I get a consistent dose of it together with pepper and, obviously, rose. In the opening, the pepper/rose accord brings to my mind of a sort of Parfum Sacre without civet, but then incense and oud make their appearance giving Portrait Of A lady a different twist. Patchouli and spices add extra depth to this solid composition. Amazing drydown.

A master composition that If you're into bold and spicy rose fragrances you'll surely dig.

negative Rose (absolue) stronger, evidently, plus pepper, Aoud and a powerful blast of patchouli, isn't sitting well with me. It has an oddly camphourous effect overall. I wonder if this is better suited for male chemistry. It just isn't working with mine and I keep getting soapy wafts along with peppery roses. A headache and a scrubber.
negative Where's the mystery?	With such a great name, I was really expecting something moody and mysterious. This definitely opens with notes of rose, patchouli and incense which is not a combination that I'm crazy about and whenever I see black current listed I get apprehensive, but I withheld judgment until I let it all play out. The scent does evoke that vintage make up smell, which is interesting, but what ruins everything for me is that the overall scent seems a little too synthetic smelling and transparent in the way the L'Artisans can be sometimes. I know that nearly every scent these days is composed of mostly synthetics due to regulations and cost and there's no getting around that, however when they smell obviously synthetic, my suspension of disbelief goes out the window and it's hard for me to imagine I'm smelling something straight from the garden or forest and all I can think of is someone in a lab with test tubes.
negative   Well there's one thing most of the lovers and haters can agree on: this ain't no lady!

  How much you enjoy Portrait of a Lady will largely depend on how much a certain style of Middle Eastern perfumery agrees with you, namely rosy oud blends that can cost you anywhere from a fortune to a few cents, and are popular everywhere in the Mid-East. It's a style of perfume popularized among the western perfumista set by Montale, and in recent years is just everywhere.

  I can't say this is anywhere close to my favorite rendition on the theme of oud-rose-patchouli, a combination I'm not terribly enamored with at the start. It is, however, distinctly the most loud and most feral. This even leaves fellow niche monoliths like Black Aoud in the dust in terms of brute force, and only a tiny spritz seemed to choke out the air around me and entomb me in hefty rose, dusty oud, and a fatty, rough-textured patchouli. 

 I kept an open mind, but frankly: I hated it. I cannot in the least say, however, that it's a bad deal. This is power in a bottle. A bottle could last you years ( though it just may age you prematurely... )




negative This is a heavy and heady one. For me very difficult to like. I'm not really a fan of rose fragrances in general. But this probably the least. The feelings I get from this is rose and bones (medical and dry vibe from patchouli-incence-oud), an old woman with bony white skin or make-up, black hair and red/black dress. That way it's neutral image, but it's not something I would like to smell.

I could see this work for women with black and red dresses on Mexican Dia de los Muertos when people dress up like dead/skeletons. I would say that it is exclusively for special occasions, special dress up or party. I don't know. Not my cup of tea surely. I have a sample so I'll try it later but would be very surprised if I ever started wearing this more occasionaly, even rarely. Least favourite by far of the 6 samples I have of Malle's.


neutral Portrait of a lady is one of those fragrances that starts up really good with lots of layers and many different notes that they blended together very well but unfortunately drys down to a much simpler scent and finally goes into a boring and many times has done before, earthy patchouli and rose combo!

The opening of this fragrance which in my opinion is the best part of it is a beautiful combination of patchouli, some floral notes, a mellow fruity scent in the background and some sweetness.
Patchouli gives the scent a bitter herbal, slightly green and soft earthy aura.
The floral part that obviously is because of rose is not rosy that much at the start! it has surrounded with different notes that they overpower over the rose and it can't not shine at the start that much!
There is a soft fruity scent completely in the background which can not be identified what it is (because it's so light) and a soft sweetness again in the background.

In the mid the fruity note is gone while patchouli and rose get stronger and at the same time some spices kick in.
In this part patchouli is sharper, more earthy along with sweeter and kind of jammy rose which is nice and a little bit of spice to add sharper edge to the scent.
The opening was really good but mid is something that I've smelled before and not that exciting!

In the base I can smell a strong and very earthy patchouli and sweet rose hand to hand till the end. something that is standard for many fragrances nowadays with oud, rose and patchouli in it. after a few minutes oud is gone and only thing that remains is sweet rose and earthy patchouli!
Same thing here only with different opening!
It's a nice scent but it doesn't worth  that price tag at all! 
Actually I like the name of the fragrance better than the smell! it's more elegant and sophisticated!
Projection is strong and longevity is something between 8-10 hours on the skin.
neutral This one is a stunner on a test strip but on (my) skin it does not seem to say much of interest.  When I sniff my wrist I get more of a violet and iris vibe than I do much else, which is odd, considering the notes listed for the scent.  The drydown is quite pretty, though, and the best part of the scent for me.
neutral I don't really get all the superlatives that others have mentioned. Apart from a semi-spicy opening and a trace of incense later, I would pretty much categorise this as a rose soliflore. It is very nice, with excellent sillage and longevity due to the heavy usage of musks. I don't detect much movement at all though and it is pretty linear. There are literally hundreds of scents (of varying quality) out there that are very similar to POAL -- even No. 89 by Floris rings bells and is a third of the price. I prefer rose based scents to have some edge and mystery about them, Lyric, Paestum Rose, CDG's White, ELdO's Rossy, etc. Mind you, if it was given to me, I'd wear it occasionally.
positive I am going to have to try this again because my 2 samplings of this have produced little love so far. 
Intially though this is what I think- it is a blast of patchouli ,woods and incense. The rose is not fore front for me at all . It's dark but verging more on the masculine side of scent offerings. Will try again. 

Edit : My third sampling of this . Now I appreciate this scent. However the rose patchouli  / rose  - oud combo is getting very boring and tiring. It is a gorgeous classic combination in truth and fairness but there are quite a few of these perfumes out there,  to choose from. I prefer Portrait Of A Lady to Lumiere Noire by MFK though. Much more subtle but a lasting scent. 

positive An Amazing rose scent, the incense gives it that kick, that's lacking in Le Labo Rose 31....so far this is my favorite Rose scent, and easily my most complemented. 
positive Love it!  Bought it retail!  Started out only liking it, though.  But I couldn't get it off of my mind.  A lot of my fave frags start out this way (Homage, Lyric, Gold, Black Tourmaline, Black Aoud).  I love rose+ incense+ patch frags.  There are a lot of them out there which is why this may not be considered groundbreaking.  Indeed it isn't.  But, this frag is a welcome addition to my wardrobe.  I noticed that a 1ml sample isnt the best way to introduce oneself to this frag.  You need to spray a liberal dose to really appreciate it and on fabric, the bouquet lasts forever in all its richness.  It is androgynous in a way that blends masc and fem elements, as opposed to the type of androgyny that is characterized by the void of either.  I have tried most of Malle's perfumes and found them to be "soulless" as one basenoter mentioned (with the exception of Portrait and Carnal Flower).  By soulless I mean clinical.  POAL and Carnal Flower, on the other hand have soul, but very different souls.  In POAL, the incense, the raspberry jam, the rose, and the patchouli combine and stay pretty linear all through the drydown which is something that usually bores me.  Not so with POAL.  The rose is not overbearing, either.  It peeks through the incesnse and patch.  The patchouli molecule used lacks the mushroomy, mildewy, too-much-wet-earth smell that makes patch sometimes overbearing.  This patch molecule has been likened to Chanel's Coromandel and it is true.  Although, dont get me wrong, sometimes I am in the mood for that overturned wormy earth smell.  However, in Poal you don't get that.  The patch is elegant and it does't make me uptight at the office.  This is a good office frag and maybe that is one reason I like it so much.  Some of my other rose + incense/patch/oud scents get me in trouble at work (as in getting a talking to because someone complained).  Not so with this one.  So, while others consider this frag redundant, unoriginal, and derivative, POAL to me is perfect.  Holy grails are interesting that way.  
positive I'm really, really loving this.  But I am a huge fan of Caron's Pour Une femme Parfum, and this is very similar.  Both are an incense rose fragrances with a patchouli/amber/mush dry down; and both are too beautiful too describe.

I was so so about the opening, which only lasts a few minutes.  It then jumped into a green rose on me, similar to a 60's themed chartreause color.  As it transitions to the drydown I get an increasing incense note with a creeping sweetness.  OK, I"ve only worn it for four hours now, but as long as the benzoin is held at bay I'll be very happy.  

I have to say this will probably go down as one of my favorite perfumes ever, although it is so similar to Une Femme Parfum that I may not need to buy it.  
positive When I first tried this, I was utterly bowled over. I saw a massive, Middle Eastern rose shimmering before me and my heart was captured. Since then, I've been trying to poke holes in its petals with my critical daggers, but I'm pleased to say that I have had very little success. Some might find it a touch too linear, but I'd suggest that its subtle, unobtrusive development is a testament to Ropion's brilliance. At first, it does appear to present nothing but rose, rose and more rose, but a closer inspection reveals several other aspects worthy of appreciation, not least a warm cinnamon at the start, a note-perfect, ecclesiastical frankincense in the middle and a smooth, oud-inflected, musky-patchouli woodiness in the base. Others may complain that the drydown goes on for far too long, but this would just be nit-picking. A few people might even raise objections about the irrelevance of the Henry James reference, and they may well have a point, but if you're going to start playing the lit crit game with perfume, then it would be equally easy to read the name as Malle's ironic assertion that the modern Isabel Archer wears an abaya and lives in Abu Dhabi.

Silence the naysayers. Whether you're a man or a woman, try this astonishing new release and let yourself be transported to an empty church in a country where Christianity and Arabic culture happily exist side by side, a place like, say, Lebanon or Syria. The outside world is locked away behind heavy doors. The lights are low. The silence is complete. You sit down and see a polished, brass censer hanging from the ceiling. Emerging from the holes in its lid is a heavy, scarlet smoke, cascading to the ground like endless ribbons of iridescent fabric. Close your eyes and just wait. Before too long, you'll be enveloped by the magic and completely trapped in its heady, floral spell.
positive Never in my experience I had smelled such an opulent rose in a perfume...

The opening is mastodontic and immediately you can feel the theme is about ROSE:
it has a huge presence and the concentration is stunning.
The rose essential oil in the opening is quiet important as much as the small red-fruits notes bringing a sparkling and buzzing effect! The spices take radiance and introduce her majesty the Turkish rose absolute that quickly takes his position in this magnificent composition! I had a coconut feeling that perfectly fit into the composition making it less serious and more modern.
The base is quiet similar to "Geranium Pour Monsieur"  with incese-benzoin-ambrettolide-tonalide, a lower concentration of Sandalwood, Ambroxan  and a strong dosage of pachulol to compensate the rose absolute: there is no mushroom-wet soil aspect that normally pachouli brings in such an higher dosage!
I don't use rose perfumes but for this I can make an exception: fantastique!

negative I once did roofing for a poor family in the hills of Tennessee and their house stunk like this. Old body odor, mold, and rotting wood. I have no other way to describe the memories that come flooding back from this perfume.

neutral When I opened the tester I tought it was a mouthwash. This suddenly disappeared when I had put it on my skin. But there was nothing much but rose, rose, rose....It is nice rose but it is just not for me. 
neutral Portrait of a Lady opens with a burst of spices which tickle the nose pleasantly. The rose arrives amidst the spices, and it is surprisingly bright (brighter than I thought it would be). In fact, it strongly reminded me of my experience with Bulgarian rose. The rose asserts itself as a constant presence. The berries, slightly sweet, appear soon as well and are, actually, quite prominent in this initial stage.  On my own skin, the incense makes a strong statement though it is softened by delicate musk notes. 

Overall, this is a softer, fruitier, and sweeter fragrance than I imagined. I can see how it could be perceived as baroque; yet, it feels completely modern. It is warm and spicy, with the rose still prominent in the dry-down. I think it will please rose and incense lovers, but it might disappoint those who have expected the level of maturity and sophistication that the rose in Amouage Lyric Woman, for example, emanates. Portrait could work well as an everyday choice, and it seems it is better suited for the colder days.  I like it well enough, but I will stick to JO's Ta'if for a gently-spiced rose for now. 

Longevity of Portrait of a Lady is excellent! Sillage is moderate on me. 

neutral A surprising scent considering the name. I love rose and I love incense. The rose and incense are about equal in intensity. The incense has an artificial finish that is off putting. Real oud can have a bit, but for my nose it is not annoying. I wonder if this is an attempt to create an oud like Montale. A bit soulless for me Even if the artificial scent dies after 2 hours. At that point, it's nice, but I don't want to wait 2 hours.
positive Tested a spray on the arm.

---

Soft floral with mostly rose and some white flowers. Calming and traditionally romantic and feminine. Lasts a couple of hours, which is nice.

It's the kind of rose perfume that wafts around you as you move, arm's length. Makes me think of ladies, of walking on a meadow wearing a dress.

Nice. Very rose-y with some musk as it evolves, warm and intimate.

I would rather have a little unexpected (maybe green, maybe dark and animalic) notes there, but that's just my personal taste.

It is quite nice and I would wear it if offered.
positive LOVE Chloe.  It's one of my favorites....good for day, night, office and date night.  Just the perfect blend of rose and lychee, without being too heavy.  Definitely a re-purchase someday!  
positive Gorgeous. I never knew a fragrance could make you feel so many emotions. I begged my partner for this for my birthday and almost cried when I received it. My one true loves of scents, alongside Curious by Britney Spears. 

Opens fruity and sweet, the lychee and peony make a beautiful partnership. The rose appears, but does not produce powdery on my skin, the magnolia add's an aquatic bed for it to lay in. The finish is the most heavenly cedar/wood and amber composition I've ever experienced on my skin. Like a warm hug.  

Chloe all in all will always be my one love of scents. However juvenile it's considered, this is masterpiece for those who love sweet florals. It is a fresh vase of flowers after the rain on a spring day. 
positive When I first re-entered the fragrance world a few months ago, I was struck by the profusion of soapy notes in the kind of greenish-floral perfumes where my perfume palate had formerly resided.  Had that smell of Ivory bars always been there?  Had my nose changed that much?  I'm still not sure.  But it put me off almost all green perfumes of the 21st century--at first.  Now I'm coming back around.  My problems with the smell of soapy aldehydes are less with the accords themselves and more with what they're doing in the overall structure in the perfume.  Used to good effect, the smell of soap can impart a delicious sense of tension to an otherwise straightforward perfume--the best example of this I've seen being the ribbon of soapiness running through the swampy depths of Weil de Weil, although you find an echo of the same idea in most of Mean Greens of the late 60s and 70s (Silences is a great case in point).

Chloe does a pretty decent job off bringing this style of perfumery into the 21st century department store/beauty specialty aisle.  It reads as a cocktail of freshly scrubbed tea rose, peony, and lily-of-the-valley.  It's almost achingly fresh.  Nothing in in this perfume is sweet, not even the alleged amber accord at its base.  And it lasts forever.  The downside of this update of green perfumery is a good dose of Calone---intended, I'm sure, to keep the florals smelling dewy, but a little crudely done all the same.  

So why the thumbs up?  Because almost everything else at Sephora smells like it would put you in a diabetic coma if you drank it.  I like the idea that this prim little floral can hold its own alongside all that sugar.  And it's good to know that, in the event of a minor Zombie Apocalypse (or if my luggage gets lost), if I get stranded in Upper Bumblevania, there's something on the shelf at the local mall that my snobby self can wear.  Because going without perfume is not an option.

----Edit----

It has been two years since I first wrote the above review, and I still have my little decant of Chloe; it has survived numerous culls and swaps and other opportunities to get rid of it, even though I went almost 24 months without wearing it.  However, a recent thread here in Basenotes started a conversation about perfume magnolias; and, when I searched the Basenotes index for perfumes featuring magnolia, this one popped up.  Eureka.

I used to think this was a weird waxy rose; but, over time, I've figured out that "weird waxy rose" means "magnolia" in the olfactory shorthand that--I guess--I'm still not 100% fluent in.  Now that I've nosed out quite a few magnolias (L'Instant, Sud Magnolia, In White, AdP's mag), I finally have something to hang this on.  And you know what?  I like it.

In nearly all cases (roses and jasmine excepted, sometimes) I'm not a huge fan of soliflores--that is, unless they find a way to truly evolve and behave like a complete perfume instead of just an excellent accord or two.  This is why, at the end of the day, I find myself gravitating back to major designers over niche and indie perfumery--even though I want to support the small guys, and (being an old punk) I feel deeply committed to DIY.  But sometimes I have to resist sticking it to the man, because the folks who know how to make a good "generalist" (in BN reviewer Zealot Crusader's words) are mostly classically trained perfumers who spend much of their lives in the trenches learning hwo to avoid the quirks and rough endges that we typically find outside of the designers and luxe niche houses. 9 times out of 10, the desginer stuff works better for me, mostly because I love the complexity and evotion of a well-make perfume.

I know nothing else in the world that smells like Chloe; it's prim like YSL's original Y was prim, albeit less the hyacints and narcisus, which helps Chloe avoid smelling cmpletely frigid.


positive I have a tough time with rose fragrances. A touch of rose or rose smoothly blended into the rest of the composition is one thing, but a straight-up, punch-you-in-the-face rose bomb is a nightmare. So, I must admit, I’ve sniffed Chloe EDP in the past, but I never really took the time to try it on for an extended period of time because, well, I’d have to smell it. But after recently acquiring a sample I decided to face my rose-a-phobia and wear the EDP for an entire day. The opening is soap with a juicy fruit note that is supposed to be litchi. The rose is bright, full of acid and slightly honeyed. The sharpness of the acidity is complimented by an almost metallic edge that slices through the sweetness and a green-herbal character keeps everything from turning into a juice box. It’s perfectly balanced like a good wine: the sweetness, acidity, and herbal accords strike a perfect harmony. Unlike most fragrances boasting a bright, tangy opening, Chloe preserves the tartness well into the drydown. Best of all, there is something truly universal about Chloe—it smells appropriate from 15 to 95.

Chloe has changed me for the better and next time I am at the perfume counter, I will reach for the rose fragrance with the same upbeat attitude typically reserved for white florals, woody orientals, and incense. 

5/5

positive I once attended a concert with assigned seating and sat behind a woman who was decked out head to toe in clothes from American Apparel and carrying a Matt and Nat vegan bag. She was wearing a liberal amount of Chloe Eau de Parfum and happily, as my husband and I sat behind her we were enveloped in her beguiling cloud of rose, peony, litchi and and freesia. I knew what it was, but complimented her on the way out just to be sure. 

This Chloe has been around for awhile and it has be worn by everyone and their mother, but that doesn't make it any less noteworthy. I always find it pleasurable to encounter it in public and love how the litchi sweetens the rose while the peony and freesia freshen and lighten the scent. Chloe has just the right amount of sillage to draw others in but not overwhelm you.  

The only thing that I don't particularly like about this is that the bottle top tarnishes over time. Otherwise, this is just about perfect for a designer release.
positive This perfume is the love of my life. It's always there for me and I keep going back! Tried and true. I do switch it up a bit and love niche/artisan perfumes, but Chloe is my all time go-to scent. It's very clean and classic smelling. I am constantly asked what I am wearing.
positive It's a familiar scent straight from my early childhood. I love the peony and lily of the valley; those 2 I can immediately detect. I don't get too much rose but it's not completely undetectable either. It lasts a very long time on my skin. Very nice.
positive Salutation.

The Rose is one of My Favorite flowers and This scent captures the Essence of that flower as Rose notes Gives a calming sensation,and Makes this Stylish perfume Stand Out. Yes CHLOE EDP is A Tribute to the world prestigious flowers Especially The Rose. Captivating,Refreshing, 
Intoxicating,Clean,Subtle,Delicate, Intelligent and Feminine.

CHLOE EDP is a Chic perfume But with a touch Old Fashioned for me. A Swift rush of Litchi and Peony in first That i was not impress with it but Graceful rose scents with Subtle Base notes due Amber makes A Natural Feel as well as Living. It With the Right Chemistry could be So Nice. It is not Overpowering,Cloying or Heavy as some florals can be. 

This Delightful Perfume is for a REFINED Character. Femme than Femme Fatale.Great choice for a Lady who Strives for Balance and Harmony.A EVERYDAY Scent In SPRINGTIME,Light enough to wear at Office too. If you are Looking for a Crisp Floral scent Especially Rose This one might Interest you But Test it First.

Sillage?Pleasant.

Longevity?Good on my skin.

7/10 
positive Sharp Rose-Peony	Despite the lack of love for Chloe here, I am one of those who has a great fondness for it. 	Octavian Coifan once described this as a a 'rose detergent' on his now defunct blog. I see aspects of that in the new Chloe but there is something compelling about its sharp rose and peony ,the clean musk . It is a very identifiable scent and very long lasting. 	I love Chloe and I am sure there are many out there who do as well -as this is a best seller. 	Good signature scent for the non perfume obsessed .Pros: Extremely memorable, tenaciousCons: Borders on laundry detergent smell"
positive 

Granted I am younger in the frag. world and still starting off, but I have always loved Chloe. Probably the most amazing bass to use when wanting to mix Jo Malone fragrances with. Trust me, no one will ever smell like you. 

So original, soft, and talk about tailoring to your chemistry. Great duration, and like I said.. even try the lotion and throw a 'Malone of your choice over it. This fragrance makes me feel warm and cozy, perfect for the winter without going SUPER spice, or woodsy. 

Even try throwing Marc Jacobs DOT over it or BCBG MAXAZ for a -strawberry- Chloe!
The lighter your fragrance over Chloe's the better.




positive I was in a pub last St Pat's day when I smelt this divine scent waft past me and had to ask the young woman just what she was wearing,"Chloe", she says, and drifts away again. It's not too often that I catch a sniff of a fragrance on a stranger that compels me to ask what it is - maybe it was the combination of a dark Irish pub, a few drinks, whatever - but Chloe smelt clean and musky at the same time and I was in lust at that one whiff!

After trying it on for size a few times in shops, I finally succumbed to a bottle two days ago and cannot stop sniffing myself!! For me, this is classic and clean with the beautiful lychee note (I loove lychees so this was always going to work for me) yet has that lovely floriental dry down which hints at depths unseen. In other words, it's not just another fruity floral concoction which blows away with the wind, leaving no imprint.

Had I only tried it on once, I might have dismissed it as too trendy but give it a second go, it's more complex than it first admits.
positive As a white flower lover, I had no choice but to like this. For me, I would rather smell girly and pretty than smell original. Easy, breezy, and pretty. Like.
positive The most feminine of feminine perfumes there is nothing masculine about this it's all girl to the notes and the design.The opening starts with an air of peonieswith it's petals delicate releasing a sweet aroma floating through the breeze light purple freesia joins and gives a airy scent gentile and innocent, Litchi dries the top notes and with it's sweetishnotes adds sexiness.Powdery rose is noticed here with a bit of a spiciness scent with delicate budsof lily of the valley just glades thoughthe the notes magnolia similar to rosealso brings spiciness but with an honeyaccord. i dectect a faint note of sandalwood for the basenotes and with the distinct warmness of amber i can'tpick up any scent of cederwood.Chloe Conjours for me an field of daisies and a blonde girl lying uponthe whole vast fields of them on a warm sunny day she grabs an stem from the daisy and blows and all the delicate petals float into the blue sky, when you wear this you get a sense of innocence and brings to child within you.

negative Juicy opening.  Switches to creamy flowers (but delicate, and still watery in that typical fruity floral fashion).  Smells like soap.  May have gone off, something in this makes me a bit queasy.  The bottle is in terrible condition, like it rusted somehow, which makes no sense as it has just been sitting on a shelf.  Maybe it did go off though... A bit of greenness in this one.  Scrubber.  Cannot place synthetic note.


Verdict:  I hope this was just off, and not how Chloe actually smells.  Happily donated on Basenotes to someone who was willing to test if it was off.


EDIT:  This did not go off.  It is just definitely not for me.  The Basenoter I sent it to was very happy with it, and his mum stole it from him as it reminded her of the Chloe she used to wear.  Yay happy endings! 
negative I was lured by a store promoter to try this new fragrance on a card. After an hour of shopping, and smelling the card I went back to try it out on my skin. That was 9.5 hours ago and I can still smell it!

Chloe EDP is a subtle, clean, fresh, rosy modern fragrance. It's a "safe" scent that you could wear at work, an afternoon barbecue, or a night out!

Chloe sits close to the skin, you get a beautiful whiff every so often & it lasts and lasts. It's quite a summery scent but is nice to wear in fine cool weather.

It's not original though - it smells very much like a rose version of Dior Addict 2. It might be a good alternative as Chloe is an EDP whereas DA2 is an EDT. The scent is not the only thing it has in common with Dior. The bottle looks very similar to Miss Dior Cherie.

PS: July 08 - I've finally purchased a 30ml bottle of Chloe EDP & am enjoying it! :)

PPS: Oct 08 - A little of the magic is gone and I have not worn Chloe for a while. I don't think I will repurchase Chloe when my current bottle runs out.

PPPS: Jan 09 - One thing I'm quite unhappy about is that I've only had this scent for a year or so, but the top of the bottle (gold metallic part) has completely tarnished & discoloured. None of my other perfume bottles with similar material have done this. It makes it seem cheap. Perhaps this is why I don't wear it any more.

Who wants to put on a pretty scent from an ugly discoloured bottle? Very disappointing. Definitely NOT repurchasing.
negative Okay, so I just went over to my local drug store today and sprayed a little bit of this (Chloe by Chloe 2008 version) on my wrist just to see if I like it. I was recently looking for some really good rose and cedar fragrances so I decided to try this one to see if maybe it could possibly become my new signature scent. :)
  Unfortunately, it turns out that this is a fragrance I can't wear at all. :(
  The minute I sprayed it on my wrist I smelled something that reminded me of celery and sea salt. (Or maybe seaweed and sea salt, lol??) It reminds me of the ocean or the beach but not in a good way. It's the kind of smell I immediately want to wash off of me. When the fragrance developed I could actually smell the roses, but mixed with the other notes even that kind of came across as nauseating on me. I know that sounds harsh, but I'm just being really honest here. This fragrance is definitely not for me. (Either that, or this bottle was "off", but i strongly suspect this is a perfume that just doesn't work on me.) There are other rose fragrances that I love BTW (Like Red Door by Elizabeth Arden or Coco by Chanel for example) so it's not like I hate rose perfume either. I just don't care for this one. LOL!

edit: I just realized what it is about this fragrance that I dislike so much. On me, the only notes I can really smell a lot are the base notes (amber and cedar.) There are other rose and cedar fragrances that I love and that were done really well (see: Feminite du Bois)but it's because they are balanced well with other notes. In this one, I am mainly just smelling the green woody notes and they unfortunately come across as harsh on me. 
negative I sniffed the sprayer on the bottle and thought, this smells nice. I guess I was thinking that the sweetness would come thru during drydown or something. I was wrong. This smells like a cheap white floral that stays the same thru drydown. I was horrified at how much it cost, and I believe this is by Coty now. So Karl must have sold the name only to Coty because it smells nothing like the originial.
negative I am a fan of Crabtree&Evelyn's simple Rose eu Fraiche and am always on the look out for complicated rose perfume to match it. So I was eager to smell this right away! But I too was disappointed, it was chemical smelling and degraded the rose note.Just yesterday a girl passed me on the street who was wearing it. Tho I recognised it as Chloe, I was more aware of a harsh chemical punctuation.
negative A very potent, cloying mix featuring an abstract, new artificial rose from a chemical lab. Rather mono-linear, very clear, lacking depth and development. Being the sheer opposite of a multi-facetted scent, this fragrance bores me stiff and creates a cold atmosphere.Opposite of a so-called "hug-me" fragrance. Picture it on icy women.  
negative An appealing bottle undermined by it's contents. I expected something elegant and light but sadly found the combination of lychee and rose to be overwhelmingly heavy - almost a bit rotten. Good staying power though - I couldn't wash it off!

neutral I guess it smells like a musky cedar rose.  

At first I thought I smelt cloves, but that may be my default scent identification.

The bottle is very pretty.

I would not purchase this.

If someone gave this to me, I would wear it occasionally.


neutral I smell a lot the lymphatic and aquatic flowers (peony first of all), some tart fruit and the sour-deep floral heart made of magnolia, muguet and rose. I'm able to distinguish all the floral elements in the wake, above all the starring muguet. The floral combination is extremely womanly, sophisticated and clean, it exudes indipendence and resourcefulness. The sophisticated floral heart is perfectly linked with the aqueous fruity-floral top and the outcome is something that reminds all the women's intimate care , the toilette's treatments, the washed skin and the cleanliness. There is something summery in the air, something refined and subtle, something soft and delicate (but stout and daring with a touch of culture and mystery). With time that touch of "over dosed" tartness starts to morph in something musky, slightly ambery and barely powdery that is still deeply floral (i catch even the starring muguet and the watery tart flowers of the top plus the citrus), cedary and basically sharp and cool. Still a temperamental fragrance in all its facets and versions this Chloe'.
neutral When i bought chloe it reminded me of linen and cotton.
 After the initial application it smelled like expensive roses and turkish delight(a pastry). So far so good, but at the end all it leaves you with a a peach/apricot  note that is annoying to me.It is good for 2 hours but after that the apricot/peach sensation  is present until the smell dissapears alltogether. The body lotion and the deodorant are better cause the linen and cotton feeling lasts longer. I will not buy this perfume again cause it doesn't work well with my body chemistry i quess. The lotion is pretty interesting though!
neutral This is a very pretty and young-oriented floral.  It has various soft flower notes, no one stands out for me.  It is sweet but not obnoxious or heavy.
neutral There was nothing to dislike about this fragrance, yet nothing to make me fall in love with it either.

Chloe is a light, clean, pretty and feminine floral scent which is not offensive nor extremely unique. For the price tag it was dissapointing that this fragrance smelt like so many other cheaper fragrances.

I had actually first tried this fragrance earlier in 2008, when my perfume obsession had only just begun. At the time I thought this fragrance was divine, but after 12 months of writing reviews and smelling other fragrances, Chloe no longer appeals to me. 

I believe that your own personality will determine whether or not you like this fragrance. If you're a little like me and enjoy intense, unique and sexy fragrances which help you stand out in a crowd, then this fragrance may not be for you. However, if subtle, clean and pretty scents are your thing then this fragrance could be your next big winner.


neutral This disappointed me. It smells like nice soap or talcum powder. I loved the original and this just doesn't have the appeal. Lovely bottle but shame about the scent !
neutral Actually the bottle is amazing, the scent not. First you may find flowers attractive, but rose is too strong. I like floral but mostly white ones. And what remains on your skin after that, is not recalling you to smell it again and again. Very personal comment.If you are not  a rose type like me you may buy it for the bottle.
neutral I wanted to love this so much! I saw an ad in a magazine and thought the bottle was gorgeous, but after testing it... There's something about it... I would have liked the fragrance a whole lot more, but it was kind of warm, plastic-y chemically. Maybe it's just me?
neutral This new Chloe' is a potent lady!  It lasts forever on me and, I sadly admit, it can wear me down.  This Chloe is completely different from the original, and I'm irritated that KL didn't come up with a brand new moniker for this flower...even the color scheme leads one to believe they are related, but the geneology is in name only.  This new release is heavy on the peony & cedar.  I've recently learned that cedar comes to my nose in the form of "pepper" ~ and there's plenty here!  This one feels like a 1980's creation, big & bold.  I like to use the scented shower gel and lotion, they seem to be enough for my taste...adding the edp is for the brave only!  I have to give it a neutral, because over a couple of hours my nose tires a bit...it's not for the meek.
positive I really like this one for ladys.. Is an intense scent but won´t be a sickness!! Floral with a pinch of talcuum remind..
positive an older lady had this on and it just amazed me so i asked. mature and oriental. not for the faint of heart. very creamy and thick. old school in a new school era.
positive I so rarely come across fragrances which I really fall in love with, think about, and lust over. This one, surprisingly, is just that fragrance. IT is so elegant and ladylike - the perfumes of yesteryear - but at the same time there is a freshness and ripeness to it. I feel alive and so pretty when I wear this one.
positive I like this one. It smells like fresh ,clean clothes after being ironed.Great for the office and daywear.
positive I cannot tell any difference between this and the old formulation. Maybe something has been forgotten, but this is just like the original to me. It is a perenial favorite of mine, along with all the Lagerfield creations. It is beautifully sweet, and floral and the drydown, like the drydown of Tresor, is not floral, but sweet warm amber. Love it. It doesn't have the sillage of Tresor, lasts only 4 to 6 hours on me, with a sweet warm barely there scent for a couple of hours more.
positive Bought it for my Grandma. Think it is a, powdery, different, juvenile yet mature scent.It is also quite fresh.Never smelt something like it, must be the Fresia.Like it. But not for younger generations

negative Sorry but this is a stinker.  I just ordered the EDT online b/c of the good reviews.  I can't handle it.  To be fair, I hate most women's perfumes, but I keep trying to find one I like  ( I do like but don't love Clinique Happy In Bloom, and there are handful of men's colognes that I like.)  Since EDT is lighter than perfume, I thought that Chloe EDT should be safe.  But one waft of Chloe knocked my socks off (not in a good way).  Against my better judgement, I put the tiniest bit on just to see if it would somehow magically change to something pleasant.  I had to wash my wrist several times and couldn't completely get rid of the smell.  The next day...that same spot on my wrist did smell a little nice--but nothing I would want to smell on purpose.  I would much rather just smell clean than smell like Chloe.  If the EDT is that strong I can't imagine how strong the perfume must be!  Its combination of aromas gives me a headache.  To me it does not smell clean at all.  It smells extremely heavy and just plain stinky--like it is covering up something very offensive.  It is a fascinating mystery to me that some people love this while I am repelled.  (But I feel the same way about CK Obsession and RL Polo.  They are repulsive to me as well.)

positive Le Labo Rose 31 is a beautiful, alluring, ethereal fragrance for those of us who adore the contained fragrance notes.  While marketed as unisex, to me Rose 31 leans feminine, which is something I look for whenever I attempt an oud fragrance, or a perfume with oud listed as an ingredient.  Lovely, calming, embracing...I just love this fragrance.

So yes, Rose 31 opens with the expected blast of rose, sharp cumin and the usual spices...notes that give the perfume a very spicy, bitter introduction.  But within 30-60 seconds, Rose 31 morphs with drier, more subtle rose, some cedar, a beautiful oud scent, etc.  The dry-down is more lovely, grounded "old" ROSE...a rose fragrance like something you might expect if you pressed a rose between the pages of an old book, cedar, woodsy notes, musk...and ROSE.

The end result is lovely for me, as many rose-oud-musky-woodsy fragrances tend to remain too "fresh," or too "green" on me.  Not this one.  The interplay between the various notes makes this an interesting, non-linear, peaceful & soothing fragrance.  As an aside LL Rose 31 is not at all powdery, which is another note I dislike in many rose, violet, iris, jasmine, or other floral fragrances.

So, Le Labo Rose 31 is "old rose world" without becoming too "old-lady"-ish, or victorian.  I like this fragrance a lot.  Just wish the fragrance had more staying power, especially at this price point.

Now I'm torn between buying a full bottle of LL Rose 31 or Bella Freud 1971...

Le Labo Rose 31 is truly a unique and beautiful twist on the much tried, saturated rose fragrance perfume market!
positive I'm not denying that this is a fascinating rose unlike any I've smelled before. It's full of exotic spices and woods, never goes too powdery or sharp like some rose orientals wind up becoming. This is incredibly well done and unique, certainly worth it's price tag, for those who do not have a very specific scent association like I do.

I'll just briefly mention it so you understand why this fragrance and I will not be able to rendezvous again. When I was a girl, I had a babysitter who would take me to school and would also bring a few other girls to school. We would stop by their house and sometimes they wouldn't be ready so we'd have to go in and help them. There were four of them, so as you'd imagine the house was in total chaos. They had 2-3 chihuahua dogs and had a tendency to leave 'puppy pads' out everywhere. There house had the smell of this perfume. That's not to insult this fragrance, on the contrary I'm looking back now and I'm impressed that there house actually probably didn't smell that bad. I never thought their house smelled disgusting or anything, just that it was always a mess and I didn't understand why I myself had to help someone else's kids get ready myself when I was the same age as them and needed to get to school. But now I'm rambling, so I'll close...

It amazes me that some fragrances can take you back to a specific time or memory like this. I never experienced it before when I used to hear other people talking about it I thought they were just being overly fanatical or trying to sound more intelligent about fragrance, but now I totally get what they're saying. I can't explain it but I know it's true, and sadly in this case it's making this fragrance undesirable for me. 

I still recommend this as a must try for anyone who likes rose fragrances and wants to venture into the niche realm. This is one of the most interesting ones I've smelled to date. I really do appreciate the craft and beauty of this, it's just my brain that can't love this one.

Sillage and longevity were good, but not amazing. Around 6-7 hours with average sillage on me.
positive The best dirty-rose scent that I've smelled. Has a sexy feel to it from start to finish. I prefer this over Declaration d'Un Soir but both are high on my list of fragrance likes and tops for rose fragrances.

The rose is there throughout but always in support of everything else going on, like the cumin in the beginning and then the soft and spicy, woody drydown.

I actually like this better on my wife, so while I do still think its unisex, it leans feminine to me. I still enjoy wearing it because I just keep smelling it on my skin and thinking how good it smells.

Projection is above average while longevity lasts all workday for me.
positive Notes:
Top: Rose, Cumin
Middle: Rose, Vetiver, Cedar
Base: Musk, Guaic wood, Olibanum, Labdanum, agarwood

Le Labo's Rose 31 is quite possibly the best unisex rose fragrance on the market. Rose fragrances have a reputation of being either very demure tea rose snowflakes, or brash and garish in-yo-face hello kittys. Rose 31 is expertly blended with great ingredients-  its light but still full-bodied rose note is filtered through a dash of cumin, dusted with cedar, and softened by a base of woody oud and musk. The overall affect is of a medium-rare woody and spicy accord softened by rose water. If you find something such as Czech & Speake's No. 88 as too much of a good thing, this is a fantastic alternative. 

Rating: 8.75/10.0
positive Wow. An amazing rose scent. Rosey enough for a woman to wear, woodsy enough for a man. Beautiful grasse rose with a smokey wood undertone. Suitable for formal or every day wear. I think it smells more in place during the winter months, because it has a holiday vibe to it. Up there with Rose Ikebana at the top of the rose fragrances for me.
positive 2020 EDIT: Rose 31 has become a go-to scent for me. Full disclosure: when I'm starting to stink and don't have time for a shower, a few sprays of Rose 31 in each armpit somehow creates magic.  The mix of Rose 31 and body odor generates a splendorous, shockingly beautiful aura of spicy leather and sharp, rosy vetiver that's SOOOOO muh better than it smells on clean, cool skin...

MY ORIGINAL REVIEW:  This was the first expensive niche perfume I ever bought.  I thought I was being so brave wearing a rose perfume, and smelling it now, I just laugh that I ever thought this was anything other than butchness defined.

Rose 31 is probably the best display of Le Labo's signature grit.  It's that mix of faux castoreum, smoky leathery tar, and upfront cumin that comes together to smell like very old, very dirty, very sweaty leather.  It's what gives the funk to a lot of Le Labo perfumes (their Patchouli, Oud, Vetiver, and the like).  Here, the funk is paired up with cedar and a beautifully executed mix of vetiver and rose.  There's a wonderful fusion going on under the grit, a perfect green dewy watery rose, though beyond the topnotes, it mostly just  brightens and uplifts the dirty elements - I doubt much of anyone would smell this blind and say "oh, it's rose!"

Side note: if you're OK with the ridiculousness of paying $65 for 8 washes worth of soap, the Rose 31 laundry detergent is wonderful, focusing on the vetiver/cedar/rose fusion instead of the dirty elements, leaving bedding and towels smelling utterly fantastic.
positive The "Human" Rose...

Now, this is one I like very much. There is something about it which strikes the perfect balance between beautiful and dirty, sensual and soft, dry and wet. Rose 31 has all of those things.

I love rose fragrances, but I know they can sometimes be hard to wear. This is one I think everybody would like. It mixes Caraway, Myrrh, Vetiver, Woods & Spices with the Rose. The Rose here is full and prominent yet at the same time soft. It doesn't feel overwhelming in any way, nor does it scream "Rose!" in your face.

It's one I definitely appreciate. A very beautiful fragrance which is worth a try from anyone who wants a different take on Rose, or who doesn't like Rose fragrances in general. This may be a good starting fragrance for that.

Rose 31 is the very first fragrance I've tried from the house of Le Labo. I tried it along with the shower gel, shampoo, conditioner & body lotion. In fact, those alone are enough to perfume your body for the entire day! I recommend this one and it has made me interested to try more from the Le Labo range. Really good.
positive To me, this smells like Fever Pour Homme by Celine dressed in evening formal wear. A little sparse but rich with spice. The cumin wears on me after a bit but the rose shines beautifully bright against the inky-black olibanum backdrop, like a finely cut ruby at a jeweler's shop.
positive This is a pleasant sweet rose that walks the unisex tightrope nicely, being a dark enough rose for men but maintaining an overall floral character that's flattering for a woman.  It's not my favorite rose, and as a man, I'm not sure I'd reach for it, but Rose 31 does seem to express its main note in a very full manner.  The sweetness of the cedar and guaiac wood take a suitable backseat to the rose while rounding out any sharpness with their own subdued sweetness.

Longevity and projection are definitely weaker than most of the Le Labo EDPs that I've tried, so it would require quite a few sprays to obtain a strong projection and/or substantial longevity, but men especially might consider it useful that Rose 31 is a little weaker if it leans slightly feminine.  I don't, as my opinion is generally that a fragrance needs to be stronger when the price exceeds double digits.  Still, I enjoy this as a pleasant rose.

7 out of 10
positive This is my first introduction to Le Labo, and I am pleased, thus far!
I am reviewing the Rose 31 Oil.

If I had known this was out there, I might have stopped scrambling to find that perfectly fall, but wearable all-season rose. You see, there is something decidedly perfect in this that says "I'm more than a pretty flower". This is why the Tudors and Yorks chose this flower as their symbol - it has a power beyond just a pretty flower. There are thorns, and they can be sharp. There is a dark side to the rose, and a bloody history surrounding it. And it is a demanding plant. God knows, those who cultivate them are crazy! Wonderful people, though, but they must treat these plants as though they were sentient beings if they will them to survive and bloom!

Rose 31 as an oil lays close to one's skin and lasts nearly 16 hours on my skin. A delight to layer, or wear alone. It deserves a place in everyone who says they love rose's wardrobe. Truly. 
positive This one throws a mighty tantrum with an angry blast of cumin before regaining its composure and heading off, cool as custard, to the soirée. Seconds after that seriously niche overdose of cumin, an aldehydic, transparent rose in the classic French manner begins to expand and push the cumin into its place – which is a little corner marked ‘animal’. This tension resolved, Rose 31 gains a formal poise, the rose staying light and floaty, the woody base (quite generic to my nose) adding pleasing warmth, and the spice contained to a level that won’t trouble civilization.
Just when I was thinking that though it’s a thoroughly decent perfume, it somehow lacked the sheen that one expects from this high end and that I’d probably be just as happy with a cheaper designer aldehydic rose, there was a further twist. The soirée a success, this rose decided to give its feet a break and take a back seat, and let a rich combination of sweetly spiced woods take over. This late stage is enticing, almost creamy, and confirmation that Rose 31 is earning its keep.  

positive I have always found rose based scents difficult to pull off. Rose 31 is one of the few scents with prominent rose that I decided to add to my collection. 

The gender related ramifications are possible with this fragrance too, but it is also one of the very few instances where the quality and the "feel" of a fragrance are sufficient to override any sort of doubts. It is so addictively beautiful that nothing else matters, really. 

The balance of rose and spices here is exceptional. You get both early on, including a generally formidable cumin note, but they create a very unique balance and synergistically enhance each other. One of the few scents that I literally cannot stop going back to wanting to smell over and over...

But as with many other scents, there is also a time and place for Rose 31. I do not see this is as a good choice for a football game at a bar with your mates, but it would be a fine choice for a cool summer evening with a loved one. 


positive Don't let yourself be put off by the worst approach–ever to customers in their boutiques. Although being rude and arrogant in the shops, some of the Le Labo pieces are wonderful and worth it. This one is a masterpiece. I would advise to purchase online because that's the far better experience...

10/10
positive Easily the best wearable rose fragrance for men. I don't get much of the cumin which is a good thing; but I do get the spice, which is a good thing too, because without it, it would just be boring. The rose note is green and "dewy", like roses, mixed with the morning air, after a rainy night.

By far the best rose fragrance I have tried thus far. High quality, natural smelling, long lasting, and somewhat unique. I have yet to find a cheaper alternative though, but the journey continues.
positive Genre: Floral

Rose 31 is a dry, doughy, and peppery rose from the moment it lands on my skin. The rose is accented by attractively bitter green notes and bold cedar, which soon blend into a seamless, stark, and dusty rose accord that projects strongly from the skin and leaves plenty of sillage behind it. There’s a bit of powder, along with something mildly astringent in the background, and these notes can make Rose 31 a little bit sneeze-inducing if I sniff it too closely. In time the doughy element reveals itself as a tangy, yet well blended patchouli note. 

Rose 31 continues on a straight course for some hours before the floral notes subside to leave a bone dry and powdery cedar-dominated drydown. When compared to some of the other fine unisex/masculine rose based fragrances, Rose 31 seems close to a straight up rose scent. It lacks the dark, spicy profundity of Czech & Speake No. 88, the leather bar cruelty lurking in Montale’s Black Aoud, and the crisp green notes and fruit that decorate Diptyque’s L’Ombre dans l’Eau. In the purity and focus of its rose accord, it comes closer to Serge Lutens’s Sa Majeste la Rose, but where the Lutens rose is moist and voluptuous, the Le Labo scent is desiccated, like dried petals in a cedar box. Rose 31 is a distinctive take on rose, and I’d recommend anyone who enjoys cedar-heavy scents like Tam Dao or Satellite’s Padparadscha give this Le Labo offering a try.

positive A standout by far, the rose is the loud talker for about a few hours then, it dies down but it still remains a lead in this fragrance. The amber also plays a supporting member in this masterpiece along with the nutmeg and cedar. 
positive Got this as a sample.

This is great stuff from the start. I get cinnamon and subtle rose. It doesn't last very long and would probably be better on my wife anyway because it smells exactly like her Chaos by Donna Karan.
positive The opening rose is gorgeous: a rose that is elegant, bright, with hardly any sweetness on my skin, with a green leaf note, beautifully done.  Then caraway with vetiver are added in the drydown.  After about three hours the scent very rapidly collapses and from then on remains very close to my skin. The rose is now only a shadow of its former self, and in spite wood and labdanum making a restrained appearance in the base, this latter phase is not only quite unoriginal but plainly disappointing.  The silage and projection are good throughout the first three hours, and the overall longevity is quite good at six hours overall.  A nice summer scent for cooler days; just hovering at the border between a neutral and a positive score due to the substandard second half.  I ask myself: if this scent would only display the beautiful first three hours and then vanish, would I give it a positive score?  The answer is: yes; so it is an overall thumbs-up, but only by the skin of it's teeth
positive StunningAs soon as I smelled it today at Saks, this perfumed reminded me of L'air du Désert Morocain by Tauer.  It's spicy, aggressive, enveloping, a pungent and intoxicating floral with something grittily delightful beneath.  Originally formulated for men, it made this woman buy it.  Couldn't resist.Pros: Spicy dirty roseCons: 
positive Roses for men!	This is just an absolute gorgeous scent on a man. Seductive without being too feminine. I find it very comparable to Creed Windsor, I'm shocked nobody has already mentioned that! Both are shockingly similar. Bought a bottle the day after I received a sample, Yes........... it's that good. Pros: Long Lasting, incredible sillage and projectionCons: Very Expensive"

negative You're a rose, soaked in formaldehyde, preserved in a glass jar. Your jar is left in a dusty, abandoned workshop, and your only visitors are rodents, which seem to drop in whenever they feel the need to mark their territory. Your existence is timeless, sure, but also sour and deservedly forgotten. Rose 31 by Le Labo.
negative Smells great for a few minutes, then fades.	I purchased a full bottle after reading such hyped reviews and am sorely disappointed. I don't blame it on the house - it is more on me, my skin chemistry doesn't work with it. The smell fades VERY quickly - at best 30 minutes. Smells good while it is there.Pros: Smells like earthy rose.Cons: It doesn't last."
negative Received a sample of this from luckyscent.com. To me this smelled like pure incense , which is not a smell I like. The woodiness is so dirty to my nose that it smells like my own armpit odor :( This is a harsh smokey incense and barely any rose.

neutral Not your typical rose.  This is a floral woody musk. The wood and musk really ground the floral.  I'm not sure how unique it is although I've never smelled anything quite like this.  I do think it leans more feminine however, I can see it manageable for a male as the wood really grounds the rose.  Not much longevity, not much silliage but nevertheless a nice non offensive scent.  
neutral A pleasant enough woody rose but almost no projection or longevity on me - more or less a skin scent within half an hour. 
neutral Le Labo is strangeness for the sake of it, and puts odd quotes from Henry David Thoreau at the forefront of their "manifesto", and styles themselves in a very humorless scientific fashion, with their very name meaning "The Laboratory" in French. Furthering their artistic idiosyncrasies, they don't use any animal products but painstakingly replicate animal notes from synthetics, including their own house-made castoreum proxy, and will even make "fresh" batches of their compositions by compounding them in person at their boutiques (product sold elsewhere is ready-made), signing the name of the client on the empty lines beneath the scent title on the label of the bottle itself. Still not done, Le Labo also amusingly names their scents after a single note despite that note almost always not being the star of the composition, but rather a supporting player, making everything they sell an intentional misnomer. The "dirty yet clean" approach is on full display here with Rose 31 (2006), created by mostly-niche perfumer Daphne Bugey. Rose does indeed open Rose 31, but soon after, is overtaken by everything else in the compositon and leaves the wearer with a clean, musky, slightly animalic, clinically-pleasant fragrance that would seem just like what somebody devoid of levity in lab coat attire would create. Some of Le Labo's other scents, like Santal 33 (2011) actually go somewhere worthwhile with their avant-garde "it is but it isn't" shtick, ending up being something surprisingly enjoyable and if not worth the price, still worth consideration, but not Rose 31.  

Rose 31 does a remarkable job of opening like pure rose petals, almost as if just the bud of the rose found in Creed Fleurs de Bulgarie (1980) was separated from the rest of the plant and suspended in ether for all to sniff. This opening moment only lasts literally but a moment, as arms reach up from chemical Hell to grab at that rosebud, with Iso E Super and ambrette followed by cumin and synthetic castoreum. The hay-like transition from what Le Labo calls a Centifolia rose are caused by a very dry medicinal oud/cedar mixture, vetiver, and olibanum. The base of gaiac wood and musk is where this finishes, with the dirty rolling into the clean laundry musk and soft woody notes, likely also bolstered with synthetics. Wisps of labdanum also come and go near the end, but all I get in the finish is a weak woodsy dry musk with hints of rose, like somebody yanked the Comet cleanser scratch out of Tom Ford Oud Wood (2007) and shoved some musk and rose in it before diluting to half-strength without dropping the price tag to compensate. For all the science and artistic esoterica on display at Le Labo, the performance of Rose 31 is pretty limpid, with just 4 hours of any real radiance, then skin scent for another 4 before reapplication is needed. I won't remind you that very little rose is here because as I mentioned above, Le Labo always makes a supporting player the star of the scent, maybe as some kind of joke, but overall this is probably one of the most "designer" niche scents I've smelled, which I hope is part of some intentional irony on the company's behalf or else this is an absurd ripoff. Rose 31 really is the rose perfume for somebody who wants to pretend they like rose because it seems refined, and as a cool edgy laboratory-themed bottle to show off to confirm their good taste. 

I don't hate Rose 31, but there are much better scents in this vein, even ones that just flirt with being a rose and/or oud fragrance without actually committing, both at the price points this is found, and much much lower. Anything sporting rose and/or oud from the Tom Ford Private Collection or Mancera/Montale is better than this, and anything from more affordable lines like the Aramis Perfume Calligraphy series, or rose-inflected flankers of major designers like Cartier Déclaration d'un Soir (2012) and Yves Saint Laurent L'Homme Ultime (2016) will give more bang for the buck than this. Hell, even Cabaret de Grès (2003) does this better, albeit with a bit more noticeable synthetics, but at least gives performance where Rose 31 lacks. Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle Portrait of a Lady (2010) would at least give people who dropped the similarly-exorbitant asking price for it a full dose of something rose and woodsy, but Le Labo Rose 31 really just sits there and tries to blow smoke rings with the tag line of "the future of luxury [...] lies in craftsmanship", tossing the aforementioned literary figure (and then some) at you while insisting that their little high school science fair presentation is something truly a cut above the norm. Well I'm not buying it, nor am I buying this fragrance. Definitely sample as your opinion may differ from mine, but the neutral rating here is a kindness considering this is one "rose" that should have stayed in the laboratory. 
neutral Rose 31 is a 'rose' fragrance that is beautiful and frustrating. Rose is not the main actor: it's in the supporting cast. This will be unsurprising to anyone familiar with the Le Labo range: Le Labo, for some strange reason, names its perfumes in a manner at odds with the compositions. Most of the names are misnomers, and Rose 31 is no exception.

Back to Rose 31: it is primarily a dry, woody fragrance. There is a mild spicy aspect to the composition, attributable to the cumin; this lends an imagination to the perfume. The other aspect is, of course, the rose. The rose is a sleek, polished, and urbane affair. The dry, peppery woods are a blend of cedar and iso e super notes. This rose-cumin-woods structure is reasonably well done and even attractive. Yet, it is hard not to look beyond the shortcomings. 

The central gripe about Rose 31 is that it is rather thin from the mid phase onwards, somewhat unsatisfying, and too bare bones. Additionally, it is rather muted on skin and duration is about five to six hours based on a generous application. At this market segment one would expect something of a higher quality. Nonetheless, it is an improvement on something like Lumiere Noire pour Homme, with which it shares a similar rose note. Rose 31, though, is in much closer territory to Declaration d'Un Soir - and the latter is at least as compelling as Rose 31, and at a sixth of its price. 

A more concentrated version with less synthetic wood notes in the dry down would be a great improvement. In its current state, Rose 31 yet another niche fragrance from yet another niche brand where everything talks louder and prouder than the product itself: the perfume. 

3/5
neutral Like everything by Le Labo: Weak.
neutral This is a good and quality rose based fragrance.
The opening is strong, dark and sweet rose scent plus some spicy notes.
It doesn't smell like smooth an light feminine rose based fragrances. it's very dark and masculine.
In the mid, the rose note settle down and small dose of woodsy notes and vetiver joining in, but they are weak in the background.
In the base very smooth, light and transparent rose note dominate which isn't masculine and may be feminine for you but it's very natural and pleasant and give you a very relaxing feeling.
Average projection and longevity.
neutral Incense and wood

	This one has a lot of incense and woods (cedar) which smother the rose note slightly, until the florals (rose) kicks in and mellows the whole fragrance. This one could be considered unisex IMO. this one could be worn year round, as long as you go light on the sprays in the spring and summer months.

Pros: Elegant rose
Cons: slight skankiness on intial spray
positive Rose 31 is a transparent rose sitting over a foundation of soft incense and a rather large dose of cumin, but it still continues to be light and airy.  The base of spice and wood is rather long lasting.  This is not a fragrance that I enjoy wearing, but I find no fault with the execution.  

It should be a try for anyone on a rose/incense search, as it offers a slightly different take on these classic notes.  It is contemporary and relevant.  
positive Light rose and cedar combo. Very subtle and elegant. Totally justifies the price imo and one of the staples of my wardrobe.

The rose here is not of like the Amouage's or Montale's, no need to be afraid of a heavy sillage or feminine-rose affections, since this is so elegant, you can easily wear it daily in offices or enclosed spaces. A real joy to wear that one.
positive i pick up more light incense and light cedar more than rose. very appealing and casual. definately different and unisex. i only have a 1ml sample but looking for a good price for the full sized bottle. would be great for the upcoming spring/summer waether!!!
positive I fell in love with this at Liberty London before reading any reviews (probably a good idea anyway), so was surprised to read it's considered a men's fragrance as I think it's one of the most feminine scents I own.  Okay, MY interpretation of feminine (not a fan of florals).  The longevity is impressive and the rose lingers throughout the dry down even as the incense base announces itself.  I get bergamot as a top note which dissipates gently while allowing the rose and incense forth-is that frankincense?  I find the whole fragrance  experience quite mystical really, conjuring the sense of an ancient stone church with  the door open to luscious Spring afternoon.  I am on my second bottle and that's a strong vote of approval from me.  I am heading to London again as I am starting to run low and I remember liking Le Labo's  London exclusive, Poivre 23, as well.


positive Here's what i get from this juice: You're walking through a pasture and you approach an old, abandoned barnyard. The wood is falling apart and rotting. And all around are wild roses growing everywhere. Through the cracks in the walls, from the ground,etc.. Just that aroma in the air filled with roses and a dirty, earthy smell. The smell of the dirty,earthy vibe is a bit stronger than the smell of the rose. You're not smelling the roses up close to your nose, but you smell them all around ,everywhere as if you were just walking through. A very nice, earthy and natural rose scent.
positive Love this stuff. projection and longevity are great. as a young guy i wasnt sure if a rose fragrance would be for me, but this stuff just smells so amazing. imagine a guy wearing a smooth, woody fragrance whos hugging a freshly showered girl wearing a light rose fragrance, and you walk passed. smells so good. i can't wait to wear this on a date/meeting friends
positive This is IMO not a mans fragrance. I bought this blind, and while I'm not regretting it cuz it smells great, I think it's a little feminine. Strong rose from start to finish and some spice to add a little edge. My lady loves it, but I think she's secretly trying to steal it..
positive This is a well-constructed fragrance, don't get me wrong. It just doesn't do it on my skin.

Imagine going into your kitchen pantry and pouring cumin and clove into rose water (smell) then add some Ivory hand soap (smell again), and finally mix it together and dump it on a cedar plank (smell one last time).

It's clean, interesting as it progresses, and I can see why people like it so much. I have to give it a thumbs up, even if I dislike it, as it is a great fragrance. But I'd say it leans more feminine, at least to my nose, due to the heavy powder and rose aspects. I don't get enough spice and wood to really call it a strong play for a man, unless that man prefers sweet, feminine scents or if the wood really shines on his skin. Good for the summer in the daytime. 

Decent sillage, not great longevity on me. The price is prohibitive but a 1ml sample of this is worthwhile to see if it rocks your world.

positive One great creation from Le Labo! Great opening with a blast of rose that pretty quickly is enriched by cumin and incense. I know there is no carnation listed but to my nose and on my skin the concoction reminds me of spicy carnation. Therefore, for quite some time I thought that there is some similarity to early CdG. In any case I thought this is an excellent fragrance. On my skin one small application lasted for about 5 hours. The dry down which I can smell now on my wrist is a somewhat sweet and mellow remnant while the rose has totally evaporated. I thoroughly enjoyed rose 31 and would go as far as purchase a bottle. This sample will go fast!
positive What a marvel and a treat to try this masterpiece! I will second this to Amouage homage as one of the most awesome scents i have ever encountered(although non of the 2 is my favorite;that honor goes to mitsoko). 
I am not a rose fan, indeed i run away from rose scents.
But this one, i donno spicy notes?, has given it a unique balance between the sharpness of roses and
Heaviness of spices.
I currently own 10 ml decant but surely very soon will be buying a full bottle.
positive Le Labo is fast becoming one of my favourite niche fragrance houses. I am already a huge fan of Oud 27, so while I was on a massive rose search, I decided to give Rose 31 a try.

I tested this fragrance knowing full well that it was a male fragrance. Many female celebrities however, delight in wearing Rose 31, so I was game enough to spray it liberally on my skin.

What an interesting take on rose. It is neither too floral nor too masculine. Rose is actually the most subtle note in this composition, with the woods, spices and earthy notes playing for dominance.

Somewhat animalic in its nature, this is dirty, raw rose. The best description I can give is that of a delicate rose mushed into the ground, smoothered in mud, set on fire and drizzled with resins and spices.

Dark, but light-hearted at the same time, Rose 31 is a little bit like Tauer's Incense Rose, but not so smokey. The scent itself, despite its boldness, never becomes too overpowering. I do believe that this fragrance would work well as both a casual and formal scent.

Well, after testing this fragrance I would not categorise it as a strict rose soliflore, nor would I say it is for men only. Surprisingly, rose haters would probably really enjoy Le Labo's Rose 31.
positive Damn. What a beauty.

I get quite a lot of rose out of this, contrary to what some have said. Rose is the star on my skin, complimented by cedar, cumin and an airiness that never becomes too thick or overpowering. 

The cumin note is executed perfectly. It never once smells like BO, it just makes the fusion more interesting. The composition smells somewhat "pretty," yet still masculine - and that's the concept of the fragrance in a nutshell. 

Rose 31 is wearable AND interesting. 
positive Powerful sticky rose up front, then a heart of spicy cumin and pepper and cedar shavings with dried crush rose petals in the background. A bit dense and cloying up front in the top, but nice to have a basically woody scent in the drydown with a Rose underlying it. Feminine smelling in the bottle, but masculine on the skin after the opening. 1 spray, 2 max, and I have dry skin that tends not to prolong. 
The drydown has thankfully no sweetness or vanilla or even much musk, only spicy cedar and vetiver (the dry but non-smoky type) balanced by the slightest powder and remembrance of the rose, along with a good dose of frankinsence. It's romantic, strong and exciting

This is for a night out that will go, well, all night; not for the office.
positive This is a dry, woody rose fragrance from the get go. The rose hits you from the beginning and is slightly floral and green (though not green in the vein of L’Ombre Dans). There is cedar and cumin from the start as well and they play a great supporting cast. These notes persist throughout and this one has great longevity. The rose does fade a bit and you are left with a cedar and cumin dominant fragrance towards the end. If the dark roses are too much for you, then you most certainly need to give this one a shot. 
positive Every Le Labo creation I have encountered has been a work of art.  Rose 31 is no exception.  Expecting a huge rose à la Parfums de Rosine, instead I get rose petals in a spice market with incense burning and food cooking.  It encapsulates a whole world in one whiff.  The complexity of the florals with the woods and cumin is unlike anything else I have smelled.

I adore Rose 31.  Bravo!
positive Anyone who's expecting a bold and deep rose in the same vein of C&S No.88 should be prepared for a big disappointed. Instead if you're up for a woody/incensey/peppery composition enriched by a transparent rose note, this is a fantastic fragrance to check out.

Aldehydes get the party started immediately joined by a massive (but never overdone) dose of cedarwood and some frankincense. A transparent peppery rose floats around adding refinements and character. The fragrance slowly turns into an amazing, slightly powdery, woody/spicy drydonw that lasts for ages (this is the best part IMO even if the huge amount of Iso E Super can result off-putting to someone).

Overall, Rose 31 is more of a woody fragrance than a rose one and brings to mind of many Duchafour's compositions (Paestum Rose above all) for its transparency, radiance and general style. It could have been easily included in the Comme Des Garcons Series 2 Red as Cedar with the only difference that it would have costed 1/3 the price.

Good.
positive Great work about an aerial and transparent rose. It´s clean , semi spiced, half fresh /half dry ... an unquestionable work of art.
I like the way that cedarwood works here and and gives it a sea breeze air.
one thought: maybe the creation is not about the rose flower , but about the concept of the beauty of the rose. 
an absolute must have!
positive I find Rose 31 to have the most wonderful dry-down, I just can't get enough of it.

This was the first niche fragrance that I've tried that I consider to be bottle-worthy in both scent and longevity.


positive Le Labo Rose reminds me of Alexander McQueen's Kingdom (which I adore), but much, much quieter and more refined. On me, it has low-medium sillage, and I don't amplify scents very well. Somewhere in the drydown I get a burst of citrus, like bergamot or something. Which I know is not listed in the official notes!
positive I'm not a big expert when it comes to defining notes, however, I'm good at describing impressions a scent creates. At a first whiff it smells like a sweet, highclass brandy, but this is short term as it really quickly turns into something sweet, spicy but nothing like we're used to in context of sweet that is usually represented by Body Kouros, Le Male, Pi etc.
Rose 31 has a woody vibe to it, element of warm wood is present to my nose, rose itself I cannot expurgate. Rose 31 is deep, sincere, not at all shallow. It represents a good taste, a man with deeper thoughts and senses. 
positive Despite its motley line-up of noses, Le Labo seems nevertheless to be cultivating a house style: transparent yet tenacious fragrances with an underlying woody character that orbit the notes of cedar, gaiac, and oud. Rose 31 is very much in this mold, but adds a sprinkling of cumin and a good slug of rose absolute to the mix. With less cumin than Rose Poivrée (The Different Company), and less frankincense than Incense Rosé (Tauer), this is close in intent to the scorched petals of Duchaufour's Paestum Rose for Eau d’Italie. The best feature of Rose 31 is its drydown and confident sillage, which is fresh, peppery, and feels effortlessly natural. 
positive When I first tried this I thought that my sample was contaminated.  I smelled the rose, but there was alot going on and the cumin comes on strong at first.  However, it settled down quickly and Rose 31 has one of the best drydowns of any scent I have tried. I used up my sample and made plans to purchase a bottle soon.  

This is a rose scent, but it is more than rose and even though the rose is in the mix at all times there is enough to this scent that it is more than just roses and it is beautiful to wear.  Highly recommend to anyone even if you do not like rose.

negative While BN describes this scent as a masculine, many sites say it's unisex, and I wanted to try it just because I love rose notes so much.
Unfortunately, I couldn't detect any rose at all in this frag. Just cumin, cumin, cumin, guaiac wood, vetiver, and cumin. And that was it.
I'm not sure I'd call it a masculine either, though, as it's hard to know what sort of man would want to wear a scent that would make him smell like the kitchen boy at the local Indian restaurant.
Can't imagine anyone being attracted to a guy who wore this, either, unless perhaps a drunken hen party looking for the nearest late-night kebab house. 
Considering it's garnered some good reviews, I can only assume it's been reformulated with much less rose, thanks to IFRA.
On the other hand, if I were on a diet and craving a Rogan Josh, this might help.

negative At first sniff it seems a spicy Rose, but after you can realise that it's like a special effects.To my nose is a Rose reconstructed with strong cumin and other spices (cardamomo??) and cedarwood.

I like Le Labo's work and i love some perfumes like Patchouli 24, Iris and also Labdanum 18,  but this one have nothing of interesting.
negative I find this rose to be neither masculine or unisex, it's clearly a feminine fragrance in my book. And it's also not a particularly good one: quite mature and conservative, something to be worn by an aging frowny schoolteacher with her hair pulled in a knot.

neutral A good example of a fragrance that starts out great only to turn less and less appealing as it develops. In Rose 31, all the good stuff is concentrated in the excellent top notes featuring a beautiful "dirty" rose intriguingly supported by a hearty dose of cumin. However, this compelling start quickly transforms into an unpleasantly sour, almost vinegary, spicy-woody base as insipid as it is intensely persistent.
Unlike many other previous reviewers, I find the rose theme quite distinct here with the rose note present in all stages as the main point of reference. Unfortunately, however, in the long run the opening is neither interesting nor substantial enough to adequately compensate for the disagreeable base. I can therefore only give this a neutral rating, despite its very good start.       
neutral I was expecting something completely different from this and I'm not very impressed overall.
The top reminded me of EDB from L'occitane without the mint; it's that cedar \ fresh cut tobacco accord going on, it's almost overpowering.  The rose in this is very dry, not floral or sweet, and I must say it takes some time for it to show up.  I dunno, I guess I prefer something like noir de noir from Tom Ford when it comes to rose.  No thumbs down because it's not a bad scent, it's just not something I could see myself wearing any time soon.
neutral If I were smelling Rose 31 for the first time, I would have given it a thumbs up. I rather enjoy its subtle rose note that continues well into the drydown as an underlying and identifying scent. But guess what? I have smelled this scent well before its 2006 debut. In the early 2000s I was given a bottle of Estee Lauder's JHL which I wore and liked. This one debuted in 1986.  Minus the cumin note, Rose 31 is a dead ringer for JHL. Imitation is not flattery when it comes to fragrance. There are at least two other scents which also smell like Rose 31: the very new Bond No 9 New York Amber, and Burberry Brit. All four fragrances share the rose note, but it isn't just that - they all remind me too much of one another. If you are a fan of rose as a masculine scent, give this a try. Of the four fragrances mentioned in this review I'd say that Bond No 9 New York Amber smells the most interesting on my skin, but Rose 31 uses the rose note to the highest degree of efficacy. As for the other two, Burberry Brit smells slightly more masculine than JHL which, though pleasant, was a bit cloying. As implied above the neutral is only because of imitation. As it stands alone, Rose 31 should have made it to thumbs up because it really is very nice - just not at all unique.
neutral 
Well I have my Le Labo samples in the post today and have been wearing three sprays of Rose 31.

Just after application I am getting a Cumin note which I usually hate but in this it seems most agreeable and sensual. Then the pink rose comes through which is nice but a bit to perfumery to the nose in a feminine way. 

Then what spoils the party for me is the sythetic iso-e super note that mingles with the rose and cumin notes. As I am smelling the interplay between the rose and cumin this chemical iso e super accord interrupts what could have been a nice interplay between the notes.

The fragrance as a whole seems heavy handed and a bit jarring with the rose been to perfumery with that chemical accord  disrupting any harmony. Iso e super in Amouages Jubilation is well done and adds to the composition. But here it makes the fragrance smell like a ladys underarm deodorant.

After smelling the  wondrous glory of Maison Francis Kurkdjians Lumiere Noire Pour Homme this one comes as a disappointment. 

Overall it smells ok but so do a hundred other fragrances.:sad:
neutral Fragrance Is very linear, not a dirty rose at all very femine...only get 4 hours max on longevity, very dissapointed after buying this on a blind buy.... average fragrance overall nice but not impressed unfornately.
positive I do have to agree with Scentsitivity, what Le Labo was able to do with Rose 31 is create an edgy, gruff, and manly "caricature of a rose".  Where I differ is that I find that to be the allure of this fragrance.  It is the Burt Reynolds of roses.  Furthermore, just like a real rose, this scent blooms from a light and crisp rose bud into a full blown spicy floral.  An incredibly unique and masculine take on a traditionally feminine scent.
positive Smells exactly like wondrwood by comme DES garcons but CdG is nicer because it's more intense .
There is almost no rose scent.
-------—•

I take the above back. It's a lovely amimalic rose.  Lovely combination of spices, incense and rose. definitely unisex! 
Make sure to get at least 4 sprays to truly enjoy it.
positive I consider Rose 31 to definitely fit into the unisex role. It's assertive and somewhat exotic - dessicated rose petals from well-worn boutonniere resting in a cedar spice casket - one that has seen the passage of time. There is a slight hint of distant sweat and urine, but in a very pleasant and comfortable manner. Cue the Noel Coward on the gramophone, I'm ready for a foxtrot.
positive I don't get cumin, animalic, or dirty...not at all.  On the contrary, to my nose, Rose 31 is very soapy clean (think high-end French soap).  In fact, this soapy quality was my first and most prominent impression of the fragrance, and it's still the quality that stands out the most to me.  Like other Le Labo frags, Rose 31 is masterfully composed in that it's exquisitely balance.  The light clean quality of the rose has somehow been isolated and amplified while the heavy floral quality has been muted.  The rose has then been surrounded with light woods and inoffensive spices that make it elegantly round, not sharp.  In the drydown, it smells a lot like Creed's Erolfa, though I like Erolfa much more (it was my first Creed).  Incidentally, like the other Le Labo frags I've sampled, Rose 31 could easily be worn by men and women alike.  Gender lables in perfumery are archaic; in another 10 years, I believe such lables will be obsolete and extinct.
positive I typically avoid roses but i did find it rather interesting to what's out there.  I just thought it could've been a little rounder and a tad sweeter.
positive Very warm, rather exotic - like an incensey potpourri of wood shavings and rose petals on a bed of glowing embers. This was the best part for me; for a moment I thought I had just stepped into a lost ancient temple where dark-robed monks chant long-forgotten mantras in an incense-filled inner sanctum. But back to reality. I hate the cheapo lab bottle design but the drydown definitely smells 'high quality', much in the same vein as the better packaged Amouage's Jubilation XXV. And if you're looking for a masculine rose scent that commands respect, put ROSE 31 on your test list. You'll be glad you did. 
positive Magnificent stuff.  The cedary drydown is lovely.  Can't wait for morning to roll around so I can apply it again.  Giant thumbs up on this one.
positive Love Love Love Rose 31! Out of all my so called niche scents, This is the one that garners the most compliments,           Like wow you smell very fresh and masculine or dam I need to buy that for my husband!  To be honest 
none of them have the longevity that this one has, Seems like 24 hours on my skin, Now I don't know 
about notes and all that other stuff,  But I do know what smells good, and this stuff smells AWESOME! 
positive A very warm and woody rose, reminiscent of other rose fragrances with strong woody/resinous/spicy basenotes such as Diptyque Oponé, Tauer Incense Rosé, Eau d'Italie Paestum Rose and L'Artisan Voleur de roses. Though I'm not a fan of rose scents or rose notes in general, I really appreciate this particular scent category, and Rose 31 is no exception. I don't think I need more than my sample though - both Incense Rosé and Paestum Rose are higher on my "to buy a full bottle"-list. My girlfriend didn't get the rose at all, she thought it smelled like birchwood, and I can see that - the sweetness of the rose blends together seamlessly with the sweetness of wood. To me, that's a good thing, since I'm not the greatest rose fan around.
positive What I like best about Rose 31 is;  it does not try to smell like a real rose.  Weird, I know.  Like a richly fragrant rose boutonniere, worn by a man, the smell of rose is accompanied by notes of wood and touch of green.  Maybe even a touch salty.  As this one wears on, the woods are more prominent...and smells like there's cedar in the base.  I hate to use the terms 'animalic' or 'musky', as they seem too much.   I prefer to say Rose 31 exhibits a slightly mysterious character.  Finding myself repeatedly sniffing at my wrist, I have to say it is compelling and interesting.  Suprising  to see it classified as a masculine ~ for me, it's most definitely unisex!  Like Foetidus puts it, "an inspired (masculine) interpretation of rose", for sure!
positive I really like Rose 31! It starts with what I perceive as a mouth watering, juicy rose accord followed by a spoonfull of incense, wood, and pepper that reminds me of the same combination's impressions in fragrances like CdG 2MAN and Escentric Molecules Escentric 01, though its use here is much more sparing and certainly not as aggressive as it is in the CdG. While cumin can often come across as unwashed or sweaty (as can gaiac wood and cedar wood notes on my skin as well) the ratio of cumin to rose creates a rather tame cumin impression which to my nose really contributes more to the woody, incense-y gaiac/cedar/cistus spoonful impression rather than creating its own impact.  This is an extremely versatile fragrance, one that puts a smile on my face. Though some find it dark, animalic and a little dirty, I don't experience it that way so much. It seems casual -- a fragrance one might reach for several times a week. It's interesting, certainly, but in no way challenging or persnickety. Rose 31 bursts to life in warm weather, highlighting the spicy, woody, tiny bit dirty sly grin elements as well. Many many thumbs up. 
positive Like Jenson, I thought that Le Labo 31 was rose water on first wearing.  Second time, I got a little bit of that cummin note.  My usual inclination is to try it once, maybe twice and form my opinion.  I was thinking this would be a netural rating, in that while I liked it, given its price, it was not earthshattering.  Well, it is just on my mind and having smelled more rose scents in the meantime, this keeps coming back.Czech and Speake 88 is a darker rose for sure, more pungent, more earthy, more projection.  But the 88 goes soapy on my skin, and reminds me of soap my grandmother used to have.  The Different Company's Rose Poivree is much, much heavier on the pepper.  Montales Rose Petals is perhaps more projection, longer lasting, but it is a more of a pure rose scent.  Head up against each other, Rose Petals leans to feminine (but is not a feminine scent) while the Le Labo is certainly the more versatile.
positive The first real rose scent for men. Everyone that ever hated rose will love this one. All you have to love is fresh spices of incense, pepper and vetiver. An amazing scent for men or women! Two thumbs up in my book...
positive I don't know what others are referring to when they say doughy, but it does kind of have that three dimensional quality to it.  To me it smells more like a "winey" rose.  I reserve this fragrance for 3rd dates or romantic occasions in general.  Not overpowering, excellent sillage, longevity is decent.  One of my current favorites, I just don't wear it often unfortunately :-(

negative there is nothing to smell.very very weak, like a joke.
i am in doubt about designer's talent.

negative This is a caricature of a rose.    I find it to be loud and unrealistic.
negative *APRIL 26TH 2010*
This is, by far, my favorite rose scent.  

It's very different from other roses I've tried (Czech & Speake 88, Montale Black Oud, Ungaro III, Voleur De Roses, Domenico Caraceni 1913). 

They're all either very sweet, or have an underlying mold, or dirt like scent to them. This a is dry, some what lemony, peppery rose. 

Very unique scent, with great projection and sillage (8+ hours easily on me). 


*MARCH 8TH 2019*
Back 9 years later heart broken by what this fragrance has become.

If you remember what this fragrance was like from 2006-2015 (a spicy, musky rose masterpiece) then do not buy the current formulation.  

Extremely watered down with performance next to nothing. It's a pathetic shell of what was one of the best fragrances I've ever smelled.
negative Le Labo Rose 31Notes: Grasse rose, cumin, pepper, clove, nutmeg, olibanum, cedar, amber, gaiac wood, oud, cistus, vetiver and animalic notes (from luckyscent.com)Rose 31 smells of rose for a split second after spraying, and then descends almost immediately into a weird smoky floral note that is basically like burning plastic. I am not sure I can get past the petrochemical resin effect, but when I try, I do smell some fresh rose, tar, cumin, woods and a bitter powder note. More than an hour after application, the plastic accord settles down a bit, although there is still a tarry edge that is headache inducing. The rose is more apparent at this point, though, and overall R31 seems a tad more balanced than at the start. However, the smoky woody notes mostly mask the rose rather than supporting it or forming a synergistic blend. The deep drydown is actually quite nice--a leathery rose with the smoke, incense and woods persisting, but much more attenuated. To bad it took so long to get here. For the most part, it is almost as if the rose is an afterthought, added to take the campfire edge off. Or, perhaps somebody slipped up and put ten times the prescribed amount of synthetic oud into the vat. Apologies to fans of this fragrance, but I really don't see what all the fuss is about. I find it nearly unwearable for the first four to five hours.

neutral If you don't love roses, better not go here.
Despite what others have written, Roses dominate.
It's not all that dirty, it's too linear, it's not worth the cost.
Had a sample of Bogart  pour Homme on my other wrist applied at the same time.
5 out of 5 co-workers preferred the more modestly priced Jacques de Paris.
neutral Although I absolutely do not enjoy this fragrance, I need to give credit where credit is due. Immediately, the rose is detectable upon the initial spray/splash of the top notes and for me, that's all I detect. It's a very subdued yet masculine rose that exudes something very sensual but as the basenotes appear, that all changes. One thing, out of all the rose scents that I've encountered, this one has to be the most natural but when the cedar arrives, it ruins the whole aura of the scent. The cedar is too overpowering/cloying and masks everything the rose is trying to present. The two blended extremes almost seem to be competing with one another only the cedar always has the upper-hand. It's just wasn't my type of scent at all but as I said before, I can appreciate the unique blend of cedar and rose and how the two components come together to create something so different and so natural. I'd say that this scent is perfect for someone 40 and up. Maybe if Le Labo ever decides to make a scent that is rose and only rose, I'll invest in it, but I'll save this one for a cedar lover. 
neutral There's rose in here? Don't buy this expecting to find much rose. It's actually one of the  strongest cedar scents I've tried. Cedar is about the only note I find for most of the life of this fragrance. Awfully expensive cedar. To each his own, but it's not for me.
neutral Very light, transparant, soft woody-rose. I picture a rose in a sterile clean room when I smell this scent. Very different than the roses found in Hammam Bouquet, C&S No. 88 or Floris No 89 and the likes.Very wearable, not so much original, and quite expensive. Oh and, I'd say this is perfectly unisex, and a summery floral scent.
neutral Notes: rose, cumin, olibanum (frankincense), cedar, amber, Gaïac wood (champaca), cistus (labdanum), “animal note.”I like this scent, but I feel it could be more.  It is advertised as a rose scent for men – and yet the rose note on me is pretty meager.  What dominates is cumin and cedar.  Thus, I find this to be a interestingly dry, slightly sweaty, woody scent.  The opening is excellent, with dry resinous frankincense notes.  But these quickly get lost in the cumin (sweat) and cedar (pencil shavings) notes.  These are controlled and so not obnoxious, but they are definitely the focal-point.  Somewhere in all of this are hints of rose, but they never successfully surface.Something like Czech and Speake No. 88 does the male rose presentation more successfully, in my opinion.  I like woody scents, and this is well done in that type.  But since the name is rose, it should have more rose!
neutral Well, I bought this blind along with a bottle of Oud 27. I had had a sample of Oud and really enjoyed it but did not have Rose. Reading up on Rose 31, it seemed like my kind of frag. Well, I have to admit that it was underwhelming. Overall I'd characterize this as a very subtle, dry, fresh rose petal & wood scent. It IS nice but it is subtle and it clearly makes you think of a freshly-cut young rose bud, not a big rose bloom projecting its fragrance across a lawn. Now, for all of that analysis, the rose is not the prominent feature of this fragrance - it's a warm, sort of dull woody base, and yes, it is regrettably only a skip and a hop away from my Oud 27. I haven't tried any other Le Labos but from the reviews this may be held in common with other bottles they produce. While this fragrance is nice, it is a bit too subtle, too warm & dry, to justify its lofty price tag. Competition at that level is for some pretty grand creations and grand, this is not - the opposite. My final observation, and this is more than just a nitpick, is that the vaporizer pickup tube in my bottle is cut short. It doesn't reach the bottom of the bottle. When I get down there, it'll leave up to a good 15ml at the bottom that I just can't reach. I"ll have to see if I can pull apart the vaporizer without damaging the bottle to get at that last bit. That's pretty downright disappointing... for a bottle that costs you $200, you sure don't want to open up and find out that there is $30 at the bottom that you'll never be able to reach without modifications! Despite how thoroughly I enjoy Oud 27, I am disinclined to buy or even try any further Le Labo fragrances on account of this bottle.
neutral Rose 31 is my first Le Labo fragrance, recommended to me by a friend who had to twist my arm a bit to give it a shot. I'm glad I did!This is the first rose fragrance I really took seriously, having been under the assumption that all rose fragrances were feminine and uncomfortable for a guy to wear. The image I had was an old lady splashing rosewater or smearing rose moisturizer all over her skin. Not exactly an image I wanted to evoke or portray. But Rose 31, like many have said, isn't really about the rose so much. Yes, it's there - but it's blended enough to become palatable for those who have a rose phobia. The sillage is great in the first two hours, or so. Longevity is 6 hours on me which is just about right.The dry-down is the nicest part of Rose 31. It's classy, elegant and refined. Everybody should try this - especially men, as there are elements of incense and woods that show up during the development that are unquestionably masculine. Don't let rose phobia keep you away. Rose 31 will be a staple in my wardrobe, perhaps not as my favorite rose as I discover some other beauties, but I won't deny its greatness.
neutral Reminds me very strongly of Voleurs de Roses and the difference between the two is that Rose 31 combines the green with wood and maybe some slight animalics in there. The wood and animalics are used to create a certain affect, you do not pick them out and say ' oh this is wood, or oohh I think that is civet' but they warm the fragrance up a little and settles it down on your skin. The opening is very green and made me sneeze. For the price I'd go with Voleurs de Roses and layer it with something if you insist on having the basenotes there. It is warmer and less fresh than Voleurs de Roses, but still very closely related to it.
neutral I find rose fragrances much too heavy and harsh (the only exception being the magnificent No.88). However, I think this one is slightly better than other "rose colossi", like Black Aoud and Voleur de Roses, but still not very wearable.
neutral I don't smell rose, though maybe just a little. I smell what's below the rose bud, the woods and leaves. With a touch of incense. You know, just like Vetiver 46 and other Le Labo's. Seems like what they do is make vats of the same perfume and drop in a dash of neroli, rose, bergamot, whatever into the mixtures and call them that and sell them for large wads of cash monies. What a joke. Fragrance isn't bad.
neutral I've had my Le Labo Rose 31 experience, and I'm here to say, guys, this is a manly rose fragrance--in a unique way. This is an animalic rose on the raunchy side.  It has a funky musk base with a nice, smooth rose heart.   It smells like a man wearing rose fragrance.   In that way, it reminds me of a mild version of Muscs Kublai Kahn with roses.  The only reason I give it a neutral rating is because it smells LIKE a man as much as FOR a man.  Although I would enjoy smelling it on a man, I would not wear it (nor MKK) myself.  If I were a man, I would give it a thumbs up.  To be sure, it is not fecal like Rasa Extreme; rather, it is spicy like sweat and naughty like musk.    This is a well-balanced scent.  The cumin does not bowl you over, as it did in Alexander McQueen Kingdom, and the rose is prominantly featured from beginning to end whereas, in Kingdom, it crept out of the sandalwood as a chypre rose in the final stages.  Rose 31, it is fresh and real.   However, I repeat, it is animalic.  Compared to Lorenzo Villoresi Musk, which is another rose and musk fragrance for men, the LV is clean, even soapy.  The Le Labo smells lived-in, like a man in rose fragrance, straight from the bottle.
neutral starts out, to my nose, like a Rose Poivree or Voleur de Roses lite: peppery, cumin-y, and the "green" rose smell that is like a rose soap almost. I'd say like TDC or L'AP with the volume turned down. After a spell, hmmm, about 30 minutes, it becomes rosy white-musky with a cumin note in the background, as though it were talking audibly in another room. The stuff is nice, don't get me wrong. Will I fork out the TOP dollar for it again... I don't think so. Rose scents are, when done well, sublime. There seems to be this trend afoot whereby rose needs to be made spicy, or cumin'd, and quite frankly I'm over it. Get a new line folks. In my opinion, Montale have done rose to absolute perfection in all of their myriad Aoud collections; that, coupled with Domenico Caraceni and Czech & Speake No. 88, will be the benchmarks of classical rose perfumery. I'll give it a sideways thumb because, well, been there done that. 
positive ooh! intense, warm, rich, intimate. For me it's a cooler weather choice or a special occasion.
positive The 1980's was full of big perfumes, and newly-appointed house perfumer at the time Jacques Polge needed to make a big perfume to compete with the likes of Yves Saint Laurent Opium (1977) or Giorgio Beverly Hills (1981). Already having achieved a new paragon of masculinity with Antaeus (1981), Polge needed to repeat a similar success in the feminine segment, an objective that eventually lead to the creation of Coco Chanel (1984). Obviously titled after the late Gabrielle Chanel's nickname, Coco was meant to channel the strength of will and businesswoman aesthetic of the house founder, and indeed contains the essence of her often-terse and condescending manner as well. Coco is not a friendly perfume, not happy, but full of the kind of bold animalic vigor that shoulderpad blouses and teased hair of the decade often signalled to hapless men who stood in the way of the take-charge middle class 80's woman. Polge blended both opulent florals and heady spices in a note-packed kitchen sink style similar to perfumes of the early 20th century, which was a rare move for a perfumer who would later become famous his conservative restraint and plush blending, making Coco as much a young "show-off piece" as Antaeus was.

There are simply too many notes to sift through them all, but the opening of Coco demonstrates a similar aldehyde rush as the legendary No. 5 (1921), but with angelica, pimento, frangipani, and mandarin giving a sweet zing that is very feminine and fruity in the start. The very indolic heart of jasmine, rose, tuberose, cascarilla (coffee seeds) and neroli is delicious, with some iris and ylang-ylang to sharpen things up. Midway through this veers gender neutral and curious men who love animalic perfumes will start finding reward in Coco at about this point. Heavy animalic honeyed sourness of civet and styrax merge with incense elements of opoponax, olibanum, sandalwood, musk, and patchouli, while labdanum, oakmoss, and vetiver bring in a chypre-like golden focus near the end. I can't always discern which notes are doing what as stated above, but knowing the characters of each and how they mingle, the "big picture" Jacques Polge paints isn't hard to see. This is a fruity floral oriental animalic chimera which comes in disarmingly saccharin sweet at first before turning the lights down and bringing out the leather straps. Feminine to masculine, light to dark, friendly to Faustian, that was Gabrielle Coco Chanel in life, and that is also how her posthumous namesake perfume is as well. 

This was likely an office perfume in the 80's, since everyone wore everything everywhere, but with the increased social consciousness of perfume use in the 21st century, Coco is best worn in evenings for romantic gatherings or just personal enjoyment. This oriental kaleidoscope works surprisingly well in all weather thanks to the brightness of the top and warmth of the heart, plus a lack of cloying notes like vanilla or tons of amber to cook on skin. Eau de Parfum is richer and more-suited to ladies, while the Eau de Toilette is sharper and a tad more raunchy, making it the better bet for men. Any version is suitable as a unisex oriental, but knowing CISHET predilections, I make my suggestions thus. Polge would settle into watery or fruity florals for women and ultra-blended semi-orientals or woody ambers and fougères for men through the rest of his career, but like with Antaeus, he really let the horses out of the stables with Coco, and it's wonderful; ravishing even. Time has taken its toll on some of the animalic heft in more recent batches of Coco, but all versions are still the strident "don't mess with my success" 80's estrogen bomb as intended, so go easy on the trigger when testing or wearing. Thumbs up! 
positive Chanel ‘Coco’ is the powerful business women. There are only a couple of people in the world on her level. She is the definition of command and control. In a field full of obnoxious, arrogant, ego centric people dominated by men and women alike, she is the only one who is of her kind. Gentle yet firm. Dressed in an obsidian Parisian chiffon clad flowy A-line dress imported from France, her long bare neck is embellished with a single Cartier diamond pendent, tiny dangly crystal encrusted drop earrings are adorning her ear lobes, shimmering under the glittering chandelier whenever she moves, she is dangerous but also elegant and has grace like no other. Her hair is luscious and smells intoxicating. However, get on her wrong side and you will see just how much power she truly has. She is a force to be reckoned with. She is not an employee but more of an employer. Executive of a Fortunes 500 Company, she does not play around. Having one assistant won’t cut it when helping Coco run her enlarged empire, that’s why her 3 assistants, Coco Noir, Allure EDP and Chance EDP are always present and ready. Ready to take on the world and accomplish whatever that needs to be accomplished. Even attending parties. Coco knows when to work and when to party and she won’t deny her assistants the opportunity to strengthen business ties and have fun while doing so. 

This is what I envision everytime I smell coco edp
positive It's all in the attitude. This may have been marketed for women but when it dries down, the notes bring a spiciness to it that makes it truly gender neutral if not eminently suitable as a masculine scent. A couple of spritzes to the chest does me nicely.

positive Coco Cola. Coco is dark, sweet, fizzy and classic, and cola-ish. It is rounded and ripe, with the spice of a boozy Christmas cake that has spent three months luxuriating in a tin. It also has hints of an orange studded with cloves, another Christmas treat. But just like Coca Cola, the recipe is impossible to reverse-engineer. 

It reminds me of a time when people smoked in cinemas and perfumes were necessarily stronger so they could rise above the curling silver clouds lit up by the projector. It suits a good coat with a brooch and silk scarf.
positive Very vintage floral mix. Potent. Gorgeous. 
positive Hygeia by Gustav Klimt
positive Mesmerized by this
Growling tiger of flowers,
Spices and resins.

positive This is in regards to vintage Coco, eau de toilette.  Coco is one of those rare ones, for me.  Every now and then I try a perfume I don't care for at first.  Then it grows on me, a little.  Then I like it more and more, as I wear it.

I don't smell any stand-out notes of mimosa, vanilla, Tonka, or orange blossom here.  Everything else, seems just fine.  This reveals itself to me in layers.  It is "old school" and I like that.  I may procure another sample, for further wearing's. This, like Mitsouko, are slow to win me over...
positive Vintage edt: Dreamy perfume to my nose, especially the opening and early on while it's still strong. I love perfume from the 1980s, and this is one of my favorite feminine fragrances overall, a delicious sweet floral.

The vintage parfum version is also a treat: a modern-smelling, fruity floral that smells like fresh, clean laundry.
positive Vintage COCO (84) EDP.
COCO is the goldilocks "just right" of Orientals. Old luxury is a slightly understated, quality experience. That embodies COCO.

In its historical genre there's Opium (77), Cinnabar (78), Diva(83), Teatro Alla Scalla (85), Incognito (92).

Review for Vintage COCO EDP

COCO is the most balanced in the genre. There isn't a main ingredient you can point to and say "thats what dominates in COCO." That is its true strength. She is all her own done in Chanel style. You can see echoes of Diva and Opium within her DNA, yet balanced and refined for the Chanel house.

Her spices are never overdone, her fruits are luscious, the rose is a beautiful feminine addition. Its as beautiful as an Oriental can get. She will be loved because there isnt a part of her that stands out too much, or not liked for not having a distinct identity and perspective. Perfect example of a well crafted, strong, classy, non offensive benchmark in perfumery. The only reservation I have is when hunting the vintage, in my experience the strength fades overtime.
positive This is gorgeous and I understand why it is such a classic. There is such incredible scent development and smooth transitions.

Coco opens with bright mandarin, something akin to orange blossom and is supported by opulent rose and jasmine. After about 20-30 minutes the sparkling citruses dissipate, the florals deepen and a very smoothed spice develops. There is also a mild sweetness in the background. Not sugar sweet, more of a vanilla bean which is rounded out by a touch of powder. Roughly 8 hours later it is still very present. It has softened and the creamy sweetness of the vanilla bean and powder is more prominent. The strength of this perfume is in it's balance. Everything that is loud or soft feels like it is meant to be that way, like a well composed piece of music.

Sillage is moderate to heavy at maybe around 4-5 feet and lasting power is incredible at 10+ hours (outdoors in dry/cold weather on dry skin). 

I don't go through bottles of perfumes....but this I could see buying multiples. It's a classic for good reason.
positive What an interesting scent! It's as sophisticated and elegant as one would expect from Chanel, sparkling with aldehydes and with enough self-assurance to support its eccentricity. It lingers in the mind and reminds me of...something, I don't know what: an evening long ago, a garden breeze at night with crystalware tinkling in the distance, a torchlit veranda...something. It's edgy and romantic at the same time.

Coco is available in EDP, EDT and parfum concentrations. The EDP lasts for 24 hours on my skin, without losing any of its structural integrity throughout its development and drydown. When Coco finally fades away, it does so without reverting to the rubbery synthetic smell that I've noticed in the last stages of most reformulations: it is very much like a fine vintage fragrance, rich from beginning to end, with perfectly blended floral, fruit and spicy notes (similar to Opium, but more stately). 

One reviewer said that Coco smells like old-fashioned cough syrup, and I understand that perception; for me, though, there's enough going on here to lift it out of the medicinal family of notes, and set it apart. Coco is an unusual beauty which needs to be appreciated with an open mind, on its own terms. I find it simply stunning.


positive Coco literally came into my dreams last night, which is fitting because to me it's always been an ethereal fragrance. The opening is loud, sweet, and a little spicy. As it heats up on your skin, the subtle florals come out, until it falls into it's slightly spicy-vanilla drydown. There is a certain note in Coco, along with Antaeus and 31 Rue Cambon that always smells off to me. I attribute this to the labdanum, which I'm not crazy for. It feels a bit dry and dusty to me. It's worth noting that while the opening smells nothing alike, Antaeus and Coco definitely share a similar dry down. I prefer the bath products for this reason, as they have more of the heart and opening, and less of the dry down. In liquid form, I've owned the parfum, and tested the EDP and EDT. For me, the parfum and EDP are the best, and I find the EDT a little anemic for me, but if the others are too strong you may enjoy it.

positive Salutation.

Unique as you are.COCO is one of the most influential creations in the whole of perfume's history,it is really beyond words...Everything about it spells drama,opulence,striking features and indulgence of the senses.This legendary perfume definitely makes you feel like you are worth more than a million dollars.Memorable,Rich,Special, Ladylike,Exquisite,Sensual, Glamorous,Spicy,Classic and Very French. 

It is rich and sophisticated with hints of orient spices.COCO starts with notes of pomegranate blossom,peach and orange blossom that is fresh yet strong,adding a garland of tempering elements with a soapy vibe(orange blossom and rose)and some spices(clove and clover).the unforgettable and warm base notes full of animalistic civet,tonka bean,amber and vanilla which projects it is seductive message "i am all woman,come sit by me". 

I would truly recommend it for anyone who wants to turn heads in any room.COCO is for the outgoing and excellent personality of the perfect lady.definitely for Autumn and Winter and a Special Evening.Looking great and smelling great is always is in style. wearing COCO will make you smell great.In fact COCO and a wonderful outfit,will make any lady look and smell wonderful.

Sillage?Superb. 

Longevity?Amazing. 

8/10
positive I first bought this for myself when I was a teenager and I love this. It has been my signature fragrance for years. The newest reformulation has me glad that I have two bottles of EDP I bought back in the nineties. I bought the Parfum this last year and love it. I would highly advise anyone buying this to go for the Parfum instead of the EDP or EDT. You won't be disappointed.
positive Genre: Woody Oriental

Coco was Chanel’s contribution to the bevy of dense spiced amber orientals that helped define 1980s perfumery, and I find it hard to discuss without reference to its earlier counterparts, Opium and Cinnabar.  All three lean heavily upon cinnamon, cloves, opoponax, and heady rose and orange blossom, but coming from Chanel, Coco is more refined and elegant, less dense and garish, than either of the others, and hence much easier to wear. 

Coco’s amber is less dark and viscous than Opium’s or Cinnabar’s, its clove is less pronounced, and its opopanax is less exposed and angular. Fewer spices and a persistent sweet citrus note brighten Coco’s heart, and the floral accord is softened by a powdery mimosa that plays no apparent part in the Lauder or the St. Laurent. Together with a more prominent vanilla in the drydown, this powdery accent rounds and softens Coco’s contours, rendering it more pretty and slender than its rivals while at the same time aligning it more closely with the Chanel house style, as established by No. 5, Bois des Îles, and Cuir de Russie.

While no fragrance in this style could reasonably be called understated, Coco comes closer than most. Sillage, projection, and endurance are all ample, but next to Opium, or even Cinnabar, Coco seems downright retiring. Whereas Opium and Cinnabar, applied lightly, make perfectly fine masculine orientals in the vein of Jaïpur Homme or JHL, Coco always strikes me as more gender-specific. On the other hand, its relative sense of proportion leaves it much more viable for today’s women than its more flamboyant predecessors.

positive Review for the EDT.

I absolutely love this one! A warm, spicy, sensual oriental. I love how this smells. In fact I actually think this is unisex. Cloves, Spices, Amber, dark resins, creamy sandalwood, I can see this totally working on a man. I also see this much in the same way that I would something by Serge Lutens (whose perfumes are very rich and heady and are inspired by Morocco).

The fragrance itself opens up to me with a blast of cloves, I also get a type of orange blossom smell, and peach or plum (dried fruit accord). I also detect Jasmine, and Jasmine is actually my favorite smell. There is also some prominent rose, but the base is where it all happens; resins, amber, vanilla and tonka, dry sandalwood... it's all there, and it's very very evocative! 

I've heard that Jacues Polge wanted to evoke Venice with this perfume (just as Shalimar was inspired by India and Opium by the Middle East and Southeast Asia etc.), and I can totally see Venice in this. Italian, Baroque and also Oriental, with spices and rich, warm sensuality. Jaques Polge himself would later refine the spices (along with more wood, leather and tobacco) to create his eventual masterpiece "Egoïste" released 6 years after Coco.

I remember trying the female Opium EDP and I think this is a lot more wearable for those who couldn't wear that. It's Chanel, and a Chanel is never too loud, it knows just when to stop and hold you there, without being too loud or overpowering. In fact to my nose Coco is like a spicy, exotic, oriental version of No. 5; and just like No. 5, it makes a statement. It's grown up, it's mature, but also sensual and in-control. It's for someone who knows a little about life and is experienced both in mind and body. Someone who isn't afraid to be who they are, instead they celebrate it.

I don't know if that description helps, but that's what Coco brings across to me. Warm, sensual, passionate, loving and even a little amount of danger at the edges. It takes guts to wear this, but it's totally worth it. Pure Emotion in a bottle.
positive How does Coco manage to smell fruity when there are no fruits listed in its ingredients? Masterful blending and the use of damascenes. Spicy, sweet, strong and warm.

Barbara Herman's notes are somewhat different from those listed above:

Top: Mandarin, Pimiento, Coriander
Middle: Rose, Carnation, Ylang Ylang, Cinnamon, Orris, Patchouli, Vetiver, Sandalwood, Tuberose.
Base: Olibanum, Amber, Benzoin, Vanilla, Musk, Honey, Civet

This is not a demure scent. It is right out there and in your face, like Patou's Joy or Lanvin's Arpege. Turin calls it "elegant spicy" and gives it four stars. He also points out the new use of damascenes, which smell like "complex dark, dried fruit."

This is an ultra-feminine scent for a mature woman. Guys, stay away - not even remotely a unisex scent.  Quite fine and for me, Chanel's best scent for women.
positive This is absolutely beautiful. Albeit not for the faint of heart, wearing this around sensitive noses will bring out a myriad of complaints about allergies and headaches. 

The EdP version is the only one I've worn and the inital blast is a bit much. Sharp and downright unpleasant, even. But give it an hour on the skin and it blossoms into the most beautiful, spicy, radiating scent. 

In my everyday life, Coco is a bit much, and a little too attention-grabbing (not many 20-somethings will wear this one after all...), I've taken to wearing a little bit of the lotion, which is very true to the fragrance and actually projects like your average EdT even when you only use a little. 

Highly recommended! I could see this working on a daring man too, actually. It's not girly, even if it's feminine in nature, and it's just beautiful all around. 
positive This is a great '80s perfume that has been sadly eclipsed by its far less interesting younger sisters, Coco Mademoiselle and, more recently, Coco Noir.  Soapy florals and a delicious cinnamon-flavoured dry-down make this a lovely winter smell.  When I'm wearing it, I imagine myself snuggled up in a leather armchair with a wool blanket keeping warm by the fire as the snow falls outside.  Unlike its younger siblings it does not aim to please by being overly sweet - it makes no apologies for who it is.  Yet unlike similar fragrances from the era, it does not overpower.  Coco is high on my wish list.
positive Ahhh Coco. The perfume that rescued Chanel for me.  As much as I love and respect No.5 on other people, it smells stale and sweaty on me. As with many of Chanel's creations, I was forced to admit that they just didn't suit my chemistry.  That was until I met Coco.  The ingredients, top notes, middle notes and dry down have been articulated far more accurately and eloquently by others here.  All I can write about it how Coco makes me feel.  She is a winter fragrance for me.  Whenever I wear her, I feel lava hot, invincible...and pretty darn foxy.
positive A classic floral/oriental with a spicy soul, the Jacques Polge's trademark and an impressively charismatic aura of elegance and gorgeous spiciness, something familiar to each of us, evocative about a left back feminine type of "radiant mystery" once swirling around in the air constantly (almost everywhere) and nowadays veiled (I mean unfortunately replaced) by the "new-age" common gassy/chemical orchidea (or stuffs like that) based modern insecticides. Yes, Coco is extremely elegant "at distance" (logistical and temporal), is massive, mystic, velvety, somewhat impenetrable, slightly aldehydic (i suppose) and subtle in the background (a backwardly emerging floral/spicy patchouli spark in the middle of musks, indolic floral notes, woods and balsams). I definitely agree with Foetidus as i detect a forceful soul of spicy patchouli (cinnamon for sure), almost addle (somewhat fruity) rose/jasmine/mimosa (the latter just noticeable by me in the top) and amber, the first approach being deliciously fruity (I detect peach and orange indeed in the top), spicy (more than vaguely Cinnabar jumps on mind, I detect the aromatic coriander's influence among ripe and mild spices) and with a thick and animalic mossy (labdanum) background along the base which nails the aroma down among the classic spicy/boise hystorical chypre. A coconutty/tobacco spark emerges vaguely from the final mossy and fruity-spicy amalgam. The patchouli is stout, rosey, slightly earthy, hesperidic and spicy till the end, representing under my nose the royal backbone of this old-school ambery floral chypre (the complicate intricacy of Tabu and Youth Dew come partially on mind on the final stage). Class and refinement dominate the scene with this textured and "fragrant" potion. Sillage and longevity deserve a commendation for sure. Coco will be forever a potion created to elevate each "measured" woman on the stage of Queen. 
positive #5 but better and more complex	I love this perfume; there is nothing else to say, in the end. One of the first "real" perfumes I ever smelled was Chanel no. 5; it was nice, but after all the hype, I was a little disappointed. I liked the newer, (then) trendier Obsession better. When I first smelled Coco in 1994, I felt as if Chanel finally got it right. Like so many scores of others, I detect a close kinship with 5. Along with that, there is a deeper feel to Coco, and the drydown is heavenly. For some few people, the drydown turns a bit sharp, but it is a chemistry issue rather than a fault with Coco's formulation. Although it was created in the 1980s, it is a lasting classic. Just as with any scent, you should be fine in the office as long as you don't douse yourself. But you might want to! Good anytime, but excellent in cold weather and for (classier) evenings. Not too formal, but appropriate for formal occasions. You will have to decide for yourself whether you like it in hot weather. I love it anytime, but some people think it's too strong for summers. Give me Coco any day over the boring one-note concoctions omnipresent these days. Layers well with real vanilla oil. I need to get some more of this and try it out with something like Wish or Angel. Coco strikes me as amenable to the gourmand side of things.Pros: Very likeableCons: It might not work with your chemistry"
positive Absolutely amazing	This is my favourite scent by Chanel, I can't help but smile each time I remove the bottle's cap and treat myself to two or three spritzes of the EDP. The opening is a delicious blend of amber, peach, roses and other florals. On my skin, the scent gets better with the dry-down ... becoming more 'edible' and warm as time goes by, perhaps due to the tonka bean and opoponax. And it lasts! If I spritz myself early in the evening, the scent is still there on my skin in the morning. Highly recommended.
positive I prefer the EDT, lighter and more wearable than the EDP, too strong and sweet for me(and I must say I love strong perfumes). It has the Chanel elegance and is very complex and feminine. A masterpiece.
positive I've worn COCO body cream (the one that comes in the clear glass box with the blackand gold screw on top) ever since I read a descrition of it in 1984 when it first came out.  It has been my signature scent ever since - I only wear the body cream however the purfume does not smell the same on me.  I've had countless strangers ask me what I wear and several of my girl friends have tried it including my sister =  Interestingly it DOES matter what your personal chemistry is with this fragrance - not everyone can wear it.  None of my friends can wear it - It doesn't smell the same on my sister either - who loves how it smells on me.  THere's nothing like COCO - I absolutely love it - I feel like it was made just for me.      

negative I wore this in the 90’s when it was rich, deep, and peppery.  I sniffed it yesterday for the first time in 20 years and nearly gagged.  All I got was Dr. Pepper soda pop and Johnson’s Baby Powder.  

neutral I'm never sure if I like Coco: I don't actually dislike it as I do Allure, and the downright ghastly Coromandel and Bel Respiro, but every time I smell Coco, it leaves me disappointed.

When I first tried it in the mid 80s, it instantly reminded me of Opium, though softer and not as spicy. Shortly I afterwards I bought a bottle, as at the time I was very much into Oriental scents, and immediately wished I hadn't: I liked it, but it always felt like it should have developed into something deeper on my skin, but never did.

When I smell Coco now, I still feel there is something missing from this perfume. It no longer reminds me of Opium, but more of a somewhat fruity oriental with a slightly Guerlain-ish vanilla and tonka bean base.

Though it is far preferable to some of Polge's more recent creations, Coco is not a perfume I would ever buy or wear again.
neutral Yankee candle, for winter use.
positive This was beautiful at first. Warm and spicy. I sprayed it on my left wrist and kept sniffing at it, almost compulsively, in wonderment. 

Then, about three hours after spraying, I started having some sort of perfume panic. The smell was getting to me. Horribly. Finally I almost raced to the bathroom to wash off the scent. 

I had to scrub my arm three separate times to get the smell off of me. I almost threw up. 

How many spritzes did I give my wrist? Three. That was clearly two too many. 

I will try again when the mental/physical reaction (AUUUGGGHH GET IT AWAY FROM ME GET IT AWAY FROM ME!!!) goes away. 

It's beautiful. Just way, way too much. 

EDITED: Three months later, I am as one with Coco. Our differences are past.* The repulsion caused by too much perfume too soon has faded, and I have fallen deeply in love with this scent. I wear it when I want to impress. I wear it when I want to feel good about myself, or lift myself from a funk or sad mood. It makes me feel sexy and powerful. 

Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. It shimmers and glows, and enfolds. It invites, it smiles. It is wonderful. 

* I suspect it was the strong tonka bean and heavy vanilla base that killed me when I first tried it. I have had a powerful aversion to strong vanilla and tonka bean. Thankfully, I can handle it now. For others who detest heavy vanilla in perfume, be warned. 
positive Another year round daytime scent for me.  On me it smells crisp & lightly floral, I was surprised that it's considered an Oriental.  The The body lotion is quite moisturizing, not just nice scent in a quickly drying lotion.  If you wear the lotion, go lightly on the parfum or it'll make your eyes water.    
positive I wore this Eau de Parfum just after it came out. I was in High School and my father bought me a 100ml refillable cartridge bottle for Hanukkah. As soon as I started wearing it the compliments just kept coming. 

This is the kind of fragrance that HAS to blend well with your bodily scent for it to come off as beautiful and timeless. I feel quite lucky that this is my personal scent. I put it on and it just blends so well with my natural chemistry that I feel it was made for me.

You should try it before buying it. It just might not smell good on you.

I love you Coco!
positive This is one gorgeous scent, reminds me of Christmas time.  It is moody, spicy, and can be a bit heavy if you are not careful.  To me, this is cold weather scent, and it lasts forever.  This is the epitome of what an oriental fragrance should smell like.    
positive Thumbs was up on this one. Probably my favorite Chanel scent, but I do love the orientals and this one has that spiciness I like.  She is deep and alluring, very sexy. Aredore describes her very well.
positive This is definitely in my top 10 sexiest scents a woman can wear.  It turns my head, in a good way.  Pheromonally attractive. 
positive Coco is the scent I adopted after Beautiful. Beautiful got me through the virginal high school years, and Coco is what I switched to when those years had passed. 
Coco is throaty, and seductive. If Beautiful is what I wear during the day, Coco is what I switch to after work, for long nights out. It lasts the whole time, and leaves a nice lingering scent on whomever I happened to get close to. These days that would be my husband, and he knows when I wear this fragrance, it is going to be an interesting night! It is one he never lets me run out of, lol! There is something about this fragrance that brings out the sultry, that helps you let your guard down and be more flirtatious, this is the "three shots into the night" feeling, in a pretty bottle. 

positive Coco is the smoky eyed brunette to No. 5's red lipped blonde. There's a lot less subtlety and more flippant color. Think saxophones in lieu of pianos. 

Top notes are glimmering orange and vague segments of southeast tropics. It's markedly warm and sweet (perhaps cloying to some) while retaining a great spice trailer. Floral notes like rose and orange flower are overpowered by the dark gourmand ones that come at the end. The drydown lasts forever and ever. Tonka and vanilla are the big lingerers, very thick and strong. 

All spice and syrup, I feel it's the more enigmatic of the 80's oriental princesses. Obsession is too glossy and Poison too fizzy, but Coco is just opaque enough to be the solid winner for its sensible loudness. The wholly recondite sex appeal puts it in the category of covered up eroticism rather than bare skin sexy. Once you remove the shoulder pad and cigarette images associated with its launch, you discover it's truly a modern scent better suited to third dates than boardrooms. 

This all being said, I definitely wouldn't wear it. I would however encourage very hot hot Bettie Page types to buy it in bulk. 
positive Coco is hot stuff!!
Grown up, spicy, glamourous and definitely Chanel! Sillage is immense, lasting power is extremely good, especially on clothes, I can still smell it on my scarf even after 5 or 6 days. 
Coco is what I wanted No5 to be, but I don't enjoy that at all, thank goodness I found Coco, my classic Chanel!
positive (2009) My BF bought it for me for my BD. His says it is his fav on me. I love it too, it is spicy and deep, could have been a little sweeter IMO. Like very few EDP it causes a warm sensation on my skin for hours.
positive Disillusioned with Mademoiselle - which was very specifically targeted towards my age group - I requested a sample of the original.

Good god, this thing is beautiful.

This was back when I wanted to make Shalimar my signature - the smoky citrus-vanilla wore on me like second skin, sexy like a cozy cable knit sweater “accidentally” showing off the lace of my bra.

Coco is aggressively sexy. She’s a big, bosomy, come-hither spicy floral with solid musculature and good bones. Smoky, resinous and rich, I imagine a dark-haired ingénue towering over me in a power suit and heels. Her eyes are kholed and cold. Red-lacquered lips form words through a cloud of cigarette smoke; “You are not worthy.” I cower and slide coco back on the shelf. Such voluptuous magnificence was never meant for uncertain waiflike figures.

Yet I covet this thing I can never be. When I am brave enough to wear it, my nose is glued to my arm, lost in a fantasies of impossible romantic escapades. I am powerful, aggressive, beautiful, transfixing. Desire me. Fear me. I am Coco.

positive I have been wanting to try Coco for a long time and would periodically sniff the bottle when I was passing the Chanel counter, only to put it down without spraying it on. The top notes of this seemed to assault the senses which always put me off. However, my mother re-educated me and said I HAD to wear it to appreciate it, and boy was she right.
On first application this went 'pow!', I've worn No'5 since I was a teen so know Chanel scents have a reputation for having that  BIG opening only to meld into your skin and soften but Coco takes it to a whole new level. I resisted the urge to wash it off and thank goodness. As the middle notes came to the fore I was still undecided if I liked it or not, it was so different to the sort of fragrances I usually love. But by the time it got to the base notes I had decided I most definitely did like it. The dry down on this is soft and subtle and sexy, I *need* a bottle.
positive I'm  men and I know this is a very femenine fragance, but I love it and I like how this wear to me. I don't know why young girls don't use this fragance... This fragance in a party girl should wear very nice.

blame on coco
positive *** UPDATE: 09/22/11  I am definitely more pleased with each wearing! I agree with other reviews in that this one seems to grow on you with time. While I absolutely LOVE Coromandel, Coco is more "comfortable". I can actually see me wearing it to rake leaves, shopping for used books, a date for pastry & coffee. Yes, I like it. :)

Today I sniffed Coco by Chanel for the third or fourth time. Decided to wear it. I took some steps to add a little longevity and I have to admit, I like it better this time. I loved the spicy, "sparkling" stuff at the beginning. The middle fell a little flat. I'm beginning to think I may not like jasmine? Then the base stepped up. I really enjoy the scent's warmth and hint of spice, but must say, I wish it ws "more". More spice, more heat more sweetness, more smoke, more something!

This is considered such a classic, I'll probably try it again, but so far, cannot justify a bottle... 


positive This might be my favorite Chanel. An intense warm floral, for some reason it reminds me a bit Hermes' 24, Faubourg, Guerlain's  Shalimar,  and also a bit of others Chanel fragrances like Bois Des Isles and No. 5. This vanilla and sweet base notes are just glorious!

Pure love. 

I just grew into this fragrance after not understanding it in my childhood. This scent to me now is so welcoming and perfect. I can picture myself enjoying it for many years to come.
positive I really wouldn't classify Coco Chanel as being an oriental spicy scent as I find that description to be very misleading. To me, Coco Chanel is an intense and rich floral.

I had almost given up on Chanel fragrances; I had disliked No.5 and No.19 with a passion and had only appreciated Allure in small quantities. However, Coco was such a sophisticated, feminine, seductive and classic fragrance. 

Coco is elegance and class in a bottle. The opening is a fresh burst of florals and the heart is a gloriously warm and spicy rose mixed with spices.

The drydown was absolutely divine with a beautiful aura of rich vanilla, making this fragrance's composition the result of a very talented and masterful perfumer.

I am far too young to wear this type of fragrance and get away with it, but I don't doubt I'll be revisiting this when I'm older.


positive My favorite Chanel after Coromandel.

I tried this in a provincial department store, back when I was a glum teenager who longed for the bright lights and the big city. I wanted to love it -- I wanted to be sophisticated, to be effortlessly chic just like Mlle Chanel. But I HATED Coco (of course, back then I sniffed too early, and the strong opening put me off). Disappointed, I snagged Coco Mademoiselle -- a scent I loved passionately but have now long outgrown -- instead.

Ten years later, I gave Coco another whirl. I was just starting to understand a little about perfume then, and though Coco didn't grab me, I liked her much better than before.

Today, I tried one more time. And you know... I am so sad I didn't love Coco from the get-go. I'm sad for all the days I didn't spend with her.

Truly, this is beautiful. Truly. I know the word "classic" is dreadfully overused but it DOES apply to Coco. It is a perfect composition. Each note is perfectly balanced, glowing warmly and sweetly, smiling up at you. Coco captures something timeless and eternal -- the exquisite strength of a young woman who relies on no-one, a girl of matchless wit and grace.

What is it about the best Chanels that awaken such deep emotion in me? This is for wet spring days, sleeting winter skies, hungover weekends and quiet introspection.

*****

If you're thinking of trying this because it's a "classic fragrance", but you know you aren't much of a connoisseur (and there is nothing wrong with that), do three things:

1. look for the EDP. Don't start out with the EDT, it's a little too harsh and it doesn't warm up in the same way as the EDP.

2. don't pay any attention to the first few minutes. Coco has the standard Chanel sledgehammer opening -- even if you like the scent of it, it can seem incredibly strong and that may bias you against the scent unnecessarily. Give a single spray on a pulse point, and then LEAVE it. Wait a good five minutes before sniffing.

3. don't berate yourself for not loving Coco immediately. (I know too many girls who own a bottle for the chic factor, but refuse to wear the scent because they "can't stand it". don't do that! it's so silly.) Put her back on the shelf and promise her you'll catch up with her later. Sniff around, shop around, and try her again sometime.
positive Coco brings to mind an image of a party girl.  Think Holly Golightly after a night of hard partying.  But really, it could be any girl who started out the evening looking like the cover of Vogue and ending up a Cosmopolitan outtake.  Her make-up is smeared, her hair dishevelled, she fell into her bed with her dress half off and her panty hose still on.  A brandy glass still in her hand.  She smells of a rich perfume that started out sharp and sexy and now has gone soft and silky.  Her sheets will smell of it for a week.  Even the cat likes it and has curled up under the girls' chin and fallen into the deepest sleep.  
For some reason when she awakens she does not feel as though the night before was a mistake.  She is relaxed, comfortable and cozy.  She drifts in and out of sleep, dreaming vaguely of France, where she's never been.  It's the Paris she's seen in movies.
When she gets out of bed she does not have a hangover.  She goes to her local bakery for a croissant and coffee.  She smells her wrist.  Coco is still there, sweeter than the cinammon bread.  She gazes out into the wet afternoon.
positive This one is pure emotion.
The emotion that one feels when is faced with an absolute masterpiece, a monument of perfumery world.
The "Venetian" oriental, halfway between Paris and the Orient, speaks for itself and it would be presumptuous to try to interpret it with words.
Jacques Polge has earned his place in the Olympus of perfume gods: this is perfumery conceived as an art.
Any perfume lover should test Coco at least once in his life, otherwise you might be missing everything.

positive I find the vintage form to only be flattering on me.  The modern version does absolutely nothing for me, nor does it smell nearly as good.
positive I'm not exactly a wealthy man, and don't have the bigger $$$ to drop on the parfum or EDP of Coco, so I'm reviewing my small bottle of the EDT here. I'm familiar with Coco, No. 5, and several masculine Chanels, and the thing I have to mention whenever reviewing something from this house is that these fragrances are "abstract"; they are not the concise pyramidal formulas of other houses, with easily identifiable top, middle, and basenotes. The general impression left by a classic Chanel like Coco is one of warmth, depth, softness, and quality. The EDT is no exception, although it is much leaner than its counterparts. With that said, I usually don't concur with the notes pyramids here on basenotes, but if ever there was one that captures the gist of the scent, it's this one - Coco does boast heady doses of mimosa, frangipani, and sweet citrus fruits over a rosy heart and vanillic labdanum base. However, none of these notes leap forward to take a starring role. The fragrance comes alive in a sweet and fruity haze, progresses rapidly into an array of powdery flowers, and eventually fades into the sugary mist from whence it came. Somewhere along the way I get a bubblegum effect, which soon trades up to a gauzy leather. Coco is certainly geared toward the feminine, but in 2011 these gender barriers are anachronisms. It is sweet, a little powdery, and a lot floral, but the spare leather effect of the EDT makes Coco a charming alternative to the brutal masculine orientals on the market today. 
positive a very attractive scent for a woman. giving compliments where theyre due.with a slight warmth vanilla cocoa presence.
positive 
I put a dab on filter paper and dropped it in a brandy snifter and covered it. Later, after sniffing out its progression, I put the snifter on a shelf and forgot about it. Two weeks later, when I wanted to test another fragrance, I smelled the snifter with the paper still in it, and got a transparently beautiful patchouli, rose/jasmine, cinnamon, and amber accord. This serendipitous experience was almost as impressive as the scent itself. Coco—stripped to its essential elements—superbly and cleanly elegant and refined…still carrying a surprising bit of olfactory substance.

Coco is forceful—sophisticatedly, femininely, and ornately forceful. It is based on that solid, elegant core of patchouli, rose/jasmine, cinnamon and amber. The other notes—aldehydes, coriander, peach, mimosa, clove, sandalwood, civet, vanilla, among others—are elegant decorations, decadent trimmings, grace notes to the core quartet. My experience echoes tigrushka’s description: “Coco is like the simplest possible Little Black Dress worn with the most barbaric gold jewelry.” Great call, Tigs...

Originally submitted  22 April 2007

positive I began my perfumista journey 2 years ago and have spent a lot of money on hundreds of samples, and had a wonderful time exploring and learning and reveling. Imagine my surprise at having Coco end up being my all time favorite? To me it is the most beautiful, gorgeous, wonderful smell in the whole world, ever and always. Amen.
positive Lovely.  Vintage (not too old - 90's?) EdP wears close to the body, dominated by a dried rose petal note which is slightly powdery & smoothed by underlying vanilla/tonka.  I'd have to love rose more to wear it regularly -- on a friend of mine, though, it's barely floral - oriental resin/wood/spice notes predominate, beautifully.
positive I tried this when it first came out, loved it, and for years wore nothing else. It has taken me a while to get the message that there's no law against a spot of philandering when it comes to perfumes - monogamy is such a waste of time when there are so many gorgeous fragrances out there - but I'll always have a bottle of Coco to come back to.
positive opulence...
positive I struggled in NYC in my twenties - trolling for pennies to buy bagels on the weekend....walking everywhere....dating for dinners..faking until I made it in the fashion industry. One Thanksgiving I was so tired of being afraid and lonely and broke -- and my mother and sister surprised me with a visit. They raved about my courage and my ambition and took me out to eat and bought me a bottle of the latest Chanel perfume, Coco, from Bergdorfs..That smell brought about a beatific moment that let me feel that by God's grace, I would  prevail. I must say Coco contains many 'holy' notes and does smell heavenly.  So whenever I am feeling average or doubt my ability, I remember that Thanksgiving and Coco's smell of encouragement. This is the one I give as a gift when I am feeling grand.

negative I wore this  20 some years ago , but it changed.  It's stronger but in a negative way for me.  I'm not  happy when I wear this.  It smothers me and makes me sad and I don't know  why.  My husband shelled out 60.00 for it as a present and I could not tell him I didn't like it...   There is a secret to this although, spray lightly.  As colors have different hues and shades, so does perfume and this is not a pastel! It's a dark hue.

neutral it's warm elegant and it's a league apart from the other Chanels. 95% of all Chanel perfumehave a cold metallic aldehyde note, this one doesn't it's warm with the opening of spicy coriander orange blossoms semi-sweetmandarin oranges with the predominant noteof juicy peach that which dominates Coco Chanel with nocturnal jasmine and delicate rose.Mimose dries the middle note cloves withit's pungent scent clover with it's earthy greenish note then it become deeper and more resinous with the opening of warm and sweetish amber labdanum petals sandalwood dry with aridtexture tonka bean makes it grounded and of course civet the animalistic styling finishes this scent beautifully.This was made in the 1980's but it has a austere 1940's elegance in a time when there was Wartime shortages simple tailored elegance broad shoulders ala Joan Crawford clean lines and that whatChanel wanted simple and elegant nothingultra feminine girlie with bright flowers just chic independent womanhood.
positive Sharp opening.  Tea note isn't bad.  More like a strong tea, with sugar, no cream.  The top is nothing really special for me.  The heart is better, with a deep floral vibe.  Orchid, is lovely and noticeable.  Jasmine?  Nice.  Freesia?  Barely here.  The rose isn't strong, overdone.  Patchouli is sweet.  Overall a lovely "designer" frag but, not one I would buy full-bottled.
positive Floral sweetness incarnation. Good sillage, projection and longevity, but it gets fastly uninteresting. 
positive This is a lovely scent. Delicate, but full of presence. Earthy florals with a decent amount of sweetness. This has a lot of popular elements. I think, in the future, when people want to reflect on the scents of this time period, this will be closely tied to that scent memory (like how aldehydes tie to the 40s/50s). 

This has a moderate sillage for the first 2 hours and then it becomes a skin scent. Lasting power is about 7 hours on dry skin in warm weather. 

Beautiful and self-empowering sort of scent. Lends itself to romantic atmosphere, but not entirely inappropriate for work. Day or night. Thoroughly enjoy!
positive Salutation.

Yes FLOWER BOMB!A Needful example for any professional Collection.Definitely pure Tempting in a Bottle!Elaborate like all creates By Carlos Benaim& Olivier Polge.Classy,Romantic, Appealing,Expensive,Feminine,Gorgeous,Hot and Elegant.

The scent is definitely more Floral.In fact Sophisticated scent of Floral.The refreshing top of Bergamot.It is Sweet but not too sweet.Great notes that makes it High Class and Feminine as it command attention.

The bottle is as Bold as The scent.it is fantastic for ROMANTIC mood like a Bomb!A Beautiful perfume for a Beautiful Lady.Heavy for daily Use but Great for EVENING.Surely for WINTER.If you like a Expensive Smell for your wife this one just for you.

Sillage?Great.

Longevity?You can spray it in the Evening and it will stay with you until the Morning.

Thank You V&R

7.75/10 
positive Head-clearing top notes energize me.It wears down smooth and sexy.Don't know the vernacular yet, but I have the nose of a Bloodhound.I am EXTREMELY picky, there are only a handful of Fragrances I can wear without running to the shower and changing my clothes.I love it,from start to finish.
positive Flowerbomb to me is a sweet candy like smell which i love in a perfume, the bottle is also very nice. Unfortunately for me the perfume seems to dissapear after only a couple of hours. If you like Flowerbomb you could also tryD AND G POUR FEMME as this has a similiar smell to me,,,,,, In fact this is the one i choose first now before my Flowerbomb. 
positive Very, very sweet. I don't get the floral notes very much though. It smells more to me like a sweet shop (which is still very very very good).

When you spray this on your body, it is almost exactly like a bomb of sweets has gone off. The top note for me (which is quite surprising) is Candy Floss.

This is, however, a summer fragrance (even though it is not branded as such). In the winter this would smell almost... wrong.

I like this, and were it not for the existence of Loverdose by Diesel, I would have purchased a bottle by now.
positive Very sweet floral. The strangest thing is, in my mind the first notes I detect are of sugar-coated fennel seeds..the kind that are served as an after-dinner treat at Indian restaurants. Just don't understand how it could have descended from Angel..I hated that one..but quite like Flowerbomb.   
positive     I cant stop talking about this scent. When I wear it men turn around to find out what it is - I only wear three scents - this one, Christopher Dicas and Fracas- all of them get great attention but this one FLOWERBOMB EX - well this is another animal! I search for it because the department stores only sell it during Christmas...
positive A Juicy bomb. A very intoxicating scent. I love to smell this on a woman with one spray cause it projects well. Bergamot ,patchouli blended in this beautiful scent. Damn
positive I first smelt this when it was released in 2004, loved it but never thought I'd own it because of the price. Over the next six or seven years I would smell it every time I went into a department store that sold it, dreaming. And then last year my brother bought me it (I'm sure you can imagine my happiness). I love the sweet sharpness of it - though it seems to have got sharper and less sweet as time as passed (though it may just be that my tastes have changed)
positive I smelled this on another woman and loved it.  On myself, it is less impressive, but I don't know why.  It's a well-balanced floral with sweetness, and creaminess, with no particular note standing out.  And it must have patchouli, or I wouldn't give something in this genre a second thought.   It's beautiful, but it's not outstanding enough for me to be sure that I would stay interested enough throughout the duration of a full bottle.

negative Conjures up the essence of MLM boss babes or eau de Karen under sustained olfactory encounters.  The hint of diaper wipes and spoiled formula underneath it all is ruinous.  However, any negative affect might be overcome for wearers who possess enough self-discipline to keep the volume down.  Drive by whiffs on someone else could be pleasant making it greatly depend on how much throttle an individual wearer gives it, and if there are a herd of the Flowerbombed concentrated in one spot.  Dose makes the poison here. 
negative I got a sample of this because perfume critic Chandler Burr likes the stuff, and I agree with a lot of his assessments. This time, though, he's way off base. Flowerbomb is just a total snooze, hard to tell  from a hundred others....and it's a snooze in the heavyhanded '80s mode I like least. Ugh. 
negative Cliche in a bottle. The female equivalent to Cool Water for over-use, over-application, and apparent wearer myopia with regards to how 'great' they smell.

Embarrassing.
negative When I first heard of the name Flowerbomb I knew to give this one a miss. Full-on florals, which the name implies, are the one category I just don't do. A while later I smelled a dry/woody only slightly sweet fragrance on a colleague. It was fairly low-key and rather pleasant. She told me it was Flowerbomb. After that I tested it myself and found it wouldn't work for me. But on other people, especially on that girl, I found it rather pleasant. I can only conclude now that I must have come across a statistical cluster of people with a very light trigger finger.
Come to think of it, that girl must have had an unusual body chemistry. On her the old  Dior Addict seemed to have a woody/cinnamon quality which is usually doesn't have.

We have since moved to a different area, one where every other female seems to use Flowerbomb. And they're not shy in the application of it. I'm in a public facing line of work, and at least once every day I get almost knocked down by a veritable force field of this stuff. 
So while I started out as on the fence about Flowerbomb, it is now what garlic is meant to be to vampires.

Often one can appreciate a fragrance just for the idea and artistic effort, even if they don't work for everyone. In this case the end result smells exceptionally shallow and cheap. Nothing seems to even aspire to reflect the listed notes. It only consists of generic artificial sweetness and equally fake shallow patchouli. 

Normally I'm content to avoid trivial fragrances and don't bother reviewing them. But with the obnoxious omnipresence of this stuff  I just have to.

negative This is memorable for me as one of the worst fragrances ever.  A salesperson sprayed my arm & I immediately felt as if I'd been flea bombed.  Horrible!  I hurried to a restroom to wash it off but still had a headache within a couple of minutes.  An hour from home, I smelled it all the way back & even a shower didn't fully remove this mess.  Hence my 5 stars for longevity.  There is nothing in the list of components which I haven't previously worn and enjoyed, so maybe  there's an odd synthetic in the mix?  
negative Oh Yuck!  It's initial scent is of the foul-smelling formic acid used in cheap colognes;  This gives way rapidly (thank goodness) to an unpleasant bouquet of "Raid" insect spray and the artificial, sickeningly sweet odor of S'More-flavored white chocolate, as found in some mass-market candy bars.  It's a strident scent that lasts quite a while.
negative Ah, Flowerbomb.  I want to like it just because I love the name, but I simply can't.  It's that pink pepper/patchouli/amber smell that every single smellalike woman's designer perfume smells like like now, mixed with marshmallows.  There are some bubblegum fruits in there, some sort of dark green spice that I think is supposed to balance the treacle but just smells "off," and possibly some kind of flowers, but any floral notes in here (despite the name) are unimportant sweeteners buried in a thick, sticky sea of marshmallow fluff and common-smelling pink pepper goop.

This smells common in the most literal way:  If you go to a bar full of girls wearing perfume, they'll all smell like this.  It's not that they're all wearing Flowerbomb, it's that Flowerbomb, as well as the dozens of other perfumes you'll smell, all have the the same basenotes and throwaway topnotes, so every girl at a bar, or on a bus, or in an office smells like this same pink pepper/patchouli/amber/marshmallow smell.  Obviously the ladies of the world love this smell, but as a perfume aficionado, I just can't get get excited about yet another one of these.
negative Dear Flowerbomb,

I have tried, truly tried, but I do not understand you.

In spite of your listed notes, you are no floral. You are Boston fruit slices in a bottle, assorted penny candies liquified, a poor rose swimming in simple syrup.

Descended you are from Angel, Lolita Lempicka, Euphoria, Coco Mademoiselle and Juicy Couture JC, yet they manage to be interesting while you twirl your hair and drool. How is it you are so astonishingly popular? I am shocked by it. I wonder if today's girls simply find no discernible difference between flies and men. 

Poor Flowerbomb, a classic of perfumery you are not. You are to Coco Mademoiselle as Giorgio was to Poison. As your simple charms lose their appeal, your formula will cheapened, reduced to a 40 dollar EDT in Wallgreens for our daughters to buy discounted for their "naughties" theme parties, where the teenage girls of 2030 will dress like hipsters, dance to "Sexyback" and say "I can't believe Mom used to wear this!"


neutral Underwhelming, nondescript flowers and vanilla that somehow manage to be both extraordinarily heavy and extremely light. I received 3mls of this as a free deluxe sample at Sephora and planned to give it away. However, it worked okay when combined with a simple, fresh green scent (I chose Verde by Nest). I might try mixing it with a strong, dry wood next (maybe Cypress Cedar from Banana Republic's Icon Collection).

Overall, I can't give it a full thumbs down just because it's boring to me. I can easily understand its mass market appeal. I see this shining on the right person in the right setting (I imagine a high school girl who never wears makeup or perfume dressing up for her first prom), and I'm a full believer of 'to each his (or her) own.'
neutral I am on the fence with this scent. I certainly don't hate it, but I agree with the assessment that it is all generic flowery sweetness on me and lacks depth and complexity. It reminds me a bit of the scent of children's pretend cosmetics --that sickly sweet, flowery, rosy, baby doll-ish scent that I remember. I find it can also be quite strong and headache inducing for me. I will keep trying to wear my small sample bottle from Sephora (I do love the packaging), but I wouldn't repurchase.
neutral This smelled great when I first sprayed it on, but once it dried down all the florals disappeared and it just smelled like woodsy soap.  It lasted a really long time though.  
neutral A bit over-the-top... people love don't mind the fragrance.  I'm not sure how I feel about it.  Very floral for when you want to get noticed.  The floral/rose scent is okay... but... maybe it is the patchouli... there is something in there that I don't really LOVE.  I wear it, but won't buy it again.
neutral Flowerbomb opens with an overwhelming blast of sugar and juicy-fruity notes with a subtle and quite weird sort of tomato-pimiento aftertaste (I thought of red pepper, but I don’t see it listed, so perhaps it may be due to the tea note whatever they built it with). Gallons of galaxolide provide a shampoo feel, adding power to an already quite nuclear and sickening concoction. Still, I also get some herbal-green nuances which I quite enjoy, that manage to add something fresh and crisp to this candy in a bottle. Honestly though, I get quite the “bomb” but not the “floral”, as Flowerbomb is basically more a sort of sugary-green gourmand with a warm heart supported by patchouli, and dusted with a powdery shade – these must be the flowers, but they’re so light and generic they could be anything. Just a whiff of soapy feel. Boring yet everlasting drydown. Intergalactically far from being a masterpiece, and still much far from being actually just barely good; but I won’t consider it a complete disaster, I guess fruity gourmand lovers may like this – in the end, it’s the same stuff many niche brands do at twice the price. Just – please! – apply it sparingly.

(did it really take all those people to make this?)

5,5/10
neutral If you love the smell of the marshmallows you grow in your flower garden then this is the one for you. Not bad for the semi-gourmand floral category but there are many that pull it off better.
neutral I agree with flaming_june0101, I used to love this bomb - I felt like The Bomb wearing it! Eventually my bottle was empty and while I saved up money for a new one I discovered it on others and yes, they smelled cheap! Maybe because I recognised it and remembered how I used to be (very young) and therefor didn't like it, I don't know... It's a great fragrance for young people, but as a grown-up I don't feel comfortable wearing it.  
neutral I used to love this fragrance. I wore it every day for a couple if months. But then I smelled it on an acquaintance and it smelled so cheap and cloying. That ruined it for me. I feel like it smells great on me, but smelling it on another person opened my eyes to another facet that I didn't like. This one will go on the shelf for a little bit.
neutral Not exactly a bomb of flowers this Flowerbomb. Sure there's a bouquet full of variety, but what stood out more to me was the waffle-like sweetness, growing more intense in the heart notes. The dry down is still sweet but in a different way, and less aggrressive overall. 

Flowerbomb was made to be popular, and the mission was accomplished quite well.
neutral Initially rough because of the first whiff of earthy tea and citrus this one turns out as an oversweety cocktail of flowers, patchouli, amber and in my perception sandalwood and musk, too monolithic, sugary, powdery and boring for my taste. The outcome is a rose-jasmine-patchouli scent with a musky cloudy-dusty temperament almost gourmand for its sweetness that reminds a bit the dusty effect of eliotrope. The smell is not enough changing and multifaceted for my taste. The combination of citrus-patchouli and flowers with the addition of some aromatic-boise' notes reminds effectively the aromatic-floral smell of Coco Medemoiselle which is anyway a far better and more complex fragrance, surely more luxurious with its reinterpretation of vintage-retro' that takes on a paradoxically more futuristic smell with an angular-fresh starry patchouli that reminds Angel in some stages of its development. Flowerbomb  owns a faint longevity and a discreet projection under my nose.
positive love this so much, its ever lasting and so wow, every time i wear this someone comments all the time in a good way too! nice big bottle too, cant go wrong with this
positive I was initially ambivilent about this frag, and rather rolled my eyes at the sugary fluffy opening notes (bergamot and tea, I think not) which in my opinion since Angel have been overdone, and are a tad childish. However, FB dries down to a lovely rosy patchouli that I am quite keen on, and because of this, find myself testing and re-testing it. It eases into something warm and comforting, yet sophisticated. The sillage is good but not offensive, and I think it can be worn day or night.
positive Not your usual sickly sweet perfume!I am usually attracted to fresh green scents and have found that most sweet scents just sit on my skin and smell gooey sweet or very strong.  When a clerk at a store sprayed Flowerbomb for someone else while I was walking away from the perfume, it smelled so wonderful that I turned around & walked back to find out what it was.  When she handed me the bottle I was so disappointed because it was so sweet--and explained that while I liked it, it would NEVER work on me.  Still, she slipped a sample in my bag.  I wish I knew what her name was so that I could thank her!  I tried it a few weeks later and it didn't get sappy & sickly sweet like many other sweet fragrances do on me--just a nice soft scent. I disagree that it smells like cotton candy or that it is sugary sweet--but keep in mind that I usually can't wear any sweet scents, so it clearly is mixing differently with my chemistry than it does with the usual person.I just love this scent--which surprises me--it is the freshest "sweet" smell I have found!If you would like to try a sweet scent but have difficulty with excessive sweetness, give this one a try--it might just work for you!
positive I'm a convert. I initially wrote this off as the lovechild of Angel and Pink Sugar. I love Angel and I really like Pink Sugar, so I was more disappointed with Flowerbomb's lack of originality than the fragrance itself. But something prompted me to try it again, and now it's on my Wish List.  It starts off sweet but fresh, like cotton-candy and lemonade, and this is where I compare it to Pink Sugar. The citrus is bright and slightly tart, but soft...like creamy lemon curd, and I can already smell the jasmine coming through. I definitely get flowers, most noticeably the jasmine, but there are others shyly making an appearance every now and then - a bit of rose and something subtly spicy that could be freesia. It seems ambery and I agree with Aries81, it's very reminiscent of Alien due to the jasmine....so much so that I'm surprised it's not mentioned more frequently (but I don't, thankfully, get anything remotely resembling Tresor - I can't tolerate its musty/dusty peaches and roses accord.)  I don't get a lot of burnt-sugar sweetness in Flowerbomb - no caramel, but something sweetly creamy/buttery/ambery and resinous. I've seen other sources list a sandalwood note, and I would agree with that. The patchouli is the clean kind - powdery and fresh. (Btw - I don't like Coco Mademoiselle. I certainly get the comparison but to my nose their similarities are very superficial and mostly about the patchouli. I don't get a nice jasmine from Coco Mad if any at all. Flowerbomb is all about the jasmine. And after getting to know it a bit better, I can't seem to find what I initially perceived as a similarity to Angel - that's just gone. It, too, was probably very superficially about the patchouli.)This isn't an explosive or loud fragrance at all, so as others have noted, the name isn't particularly appropriate, even in its kitschy cutesy-ness....although the fragrance is a bit more casual and fun than formal or elegant, so I suppose the presentation isn't too bad. But presentation aside, the fragrance is the real story and I think it's wonderful - womanly and luxurious, sultry and sexy, smooth and luscious. I just love every element of it - from start to finish. And it finishes beautifully, and lingers for quite a while.  I'm very pleased to see that V&R have several bath and body products in the line - I can only imagine how heavenly the Voluptuous Body Cream is. 
positive I really like it. It's a heck of a lot like another "expensive" perfume of its ilk, Curve Vintage Soul. And even in that Flowerbomb is like Coco Mademoiselle. The citrusy patchouli drydown really gives that away.  Even then it's the jasmine "florals". And another commonality is Flowerbomb shares the patchouli, musk and vanilla (what doesn't?) with Coco Mademoiselle. Flowerbomb is much more floral and sweet patchouli and is not as vibrant as Coco Mademoiselle nor as open and "clean as Vintage Soul. Now contrary to the "flower" name, Flowerbomb dries into a patchouli musk with touches of vanilla. Oh yeah, and there's rose but it's overpowered by everything else going on. The EdP is fantastic but the EdT is so mild that it just kills the essence.
positive When I went to Dillards to give my friend her sample Of Above by Fred Miller (www.FredHMiller.com) the vendor gave me a sample of this. This is one of the best perfumes I have smelled in a long time! I was told that this is V&R first women's perfume, & they nailed it! A Very Pretty Floral Fragrance!
positive wow!!! i died and went to the big candy store in the skysooooo sweet and sugarythe most gourmand vanilla sugar fragrance ever, right next to angel
positive WOW! That was my first reaction to this beauty. Instant love at first sniff! Very sweet, but somehow Flowerbomb pulls off the sweetness without being cloying. The delicate floral notes wrap around the sweetness to produce a smooth creaminess that is pure decadence. Intoxicating! Reactions from female friends are somewhat "meh", but my male friends practically started drooling on me!I cannot detect the bergamot note at all. In fact, I am skeptical that it's really there at all! Bergamot seems to astringent to mix with the other notes here. A light tea moving rapidly to light jasmine is what I get. The middle notes last the longest on me; I only get the faintest notes of rose. Truthfully, there doesn't seem to be any drydown; like Ultraviolet (another winner for me) Flowerbomb has a very quick opening followed by hours of an unchanging middle. I also do not detect any patchouli, in fact was surprised to see it listed as a note. I suspect a light hand was used with the patchouli, and it is probably that note that keeps the sweetness in check. Not super long lasting on me, but with my chemistry that is typical (only about 4-5 hours at best).All thumbs up for me!
positive I only recently discovered Flowerbomb and tested it several times before deciding its charms were collection-worthy. There's more sugar than flowers, but the rose definitely comes through in a soft, powdery, sweet sort of way. Amber isn't listed in the notes but it's definitely there (to my nose) and warms everything up nicely. The tea comes through as well, as does the freesia. I believe the jasmine note is of the sambac variety, which I instinctively gravitate toward, and which smells more liquid, powdery and light than any other species of the plant (for reference, see Alien). The patchouli is a very clean version of itself - hardly there, in fact. Nothing like the patchouli hangover of Angel (which I adore but which would ruin this lovely feminine). I detect a slight hint of chocolate, as well. I used to own and adore Bath & Body Works' Sensual Amber, which is very similar to Flowerbomb, but with fruity notes replacing FB's chocolate.The lasting-power is good, as it is with most powdery, rose scents. In structure, I would certainly compare it to Alien, and  it has that same, sweet-rosy-powdery vibe that Tresor offers, only much softer and "pinker," and with a tea accord keeping it just slightly brighter. I think over-applying this scent will keep it from developing. It stays close to the skin however, so over-applying won't leave a strong trail of sillage in your wake. My guy smells caramel and I did too, on the test strip, but on my skin, it's a different story. Sometimes, when the weather's colder, I get more of a grape-juice-and-tea smell at first, which fades down to a very sweet jasmine. Other days, when my body temperature rises, I get more rose, more chocolate, and more of the powdery amber which is my favorite part. On the test strip, as my guy correctly noted, it smells of the trick-or-treat candy bags of our youth. He was sweet enough to get me a refillable bottle of this juice for Valentine's Day and I could not love the bottle more! The black V&R tab of the original has been replaced with a pink, metallic tab which matches the cap. It's overall, a thicker, rounder bottle and extremely original (though the juice may not be). Definitely recommended for anyone who likes Tresor, Alien, Lipstick Rose, or other sweet scents.
positive The first time I smelled this it must have turned under the lights and on top of the hot glass case at the department store. I purchased two bottles to sell overseas to  French West African clientele when I rediscovered this perfume. Wow is all I can say. It is somewhat reminiscent of Coco Mademoiselle BUT in my opinion more modern and wearable than C.M. (which my mother wears and seems way too dry and dead after a bit). Men love it and everyone asks about it-after all we wear perfume to attract the opposite sex, and it seems to me that the compliments I get from them are a positive. I only wear one other sweet floral and that is Carolina Herrera but this is a departure. I disagree with the negative comments on this one. It is extremely sexy and I wear it for every occasion. This is not a young woman's perfume. I just read more reviews about this and I think it is really very silly for people to compare some other scents as though they are exactly the same, Coco Mademoiselle is not even close and Angel is very chocolate-y and not even similar.
positive fairly young floral. for ages 35 and under i would think. very sweet jasmine, and patchouli without ever being to cloying. at least they did not over think this one as the men's version "antidote" has 25 different notes!!! i like them both though.
positive Interesting name, appealing bottle and good marketing made me try this scent in the mall... I sniffed the bottle first then gave up trying it on my skin as I thought it was another sweet sugary smell out there.Found it ordinary... But two weeks ago, a lady who I met in a conference was wearing a perfume which was amazing, she said it was Flowerbomb. Couple of days later another lady in the office was wearing a very good perfume and she said it was Flowerbomb, again. So I tried it again on my skin and changed my mind about it. Because it develops on your skin in a very good way. I cannot detect bergamot, tea and flower notes much, except jasmine, it blends with patchouli very well and becomes milky. This is definitely not an Angellike overly sweet perfume, not offending, and quite good choice for night and special occasions... Oh by the way, drydown reminds me of Gloria of Cacharel (although the notes are not similar)
positive I fell in love with this when it came out. I only where it during warm weather.  My dr. who has never commented on anything "personal" asked what smelled so good when he came into the examining room.  Now I have gone there for 15 years on a regular basis.  I find it to be sexy and I feel confident when I am wearing it. 
positive I love it, like I love Allure and cafe (an older fragrance). I like sweet fragrances and this one is perfect and last for many hours. I almost gave up buying it because the grenade bottle that remember me war, I hate it! But it smells so good I couldn't resist!It's pricey here in Brazil, but it's irresistible, my husband loved it!
positive Every afternoon in a local gym a ripped, rich, middle-aged estate agent with loads of attitude struts her stuff in a cloud of Flower Bomb, in the firm belief that she's da bomb. This cloud to me reeks of grainy, unclean patchouli on wilted flowers. Not at all objectionable, but perhaps a bit too much in a semi-crowded gym where ventilation can be an issue from time to time. All this doesn't mean to say that I won't be testing it on myself soon, make NO mistake...
positive The only thing missing from this fragrance is the orchestra. I am both repulsed and fixated by this near to parfum. At once, I resent the powdery languide of the middle note's predictable miss on seduction. But let it wait, like an overdressed girl on a park bench. Let it wait, the tension alone will elicit immediate attention, as the base notes politely demand. Sugar, spice and everything you'd better keep your eye on. This scent reminds me of Belgium beer and very tan boys. There is a definate bang to the end, which you are bound to find satisfying. Enjoy! 
positive This one is spicier than I thought --from the sweet n fruity reviews I figured it would be like candy sweet but the tea note and patchouli make it a really sexy scent and only sweet until it warms up and blossoms on the skin. It reminds me of other scents though, still if I was given a bottle I'd certainly wear it. 
positive I love it.... words can't explain.
positive disappointing!It's too fruity and sweet on me, just like "candy floss" as lots people described. I get the tea note which I like, but it was blocked by that cloying-and-never-cease sweetness...  I just wonder where the flower is. If I want some candy, I'd rather go for a bottle of  hilton's heiress, at least it's much cheaper!Maybe all these are due to body chemistry. but since quite a lot people felt same as me, I think is wise to have a test befor purchase.

negative Smell this blindfolded and 100% that you won't be able to distinguish it from other millions of generic sweet floral perfumes of the last decade or so. Awful!
negative Uninspiring and unoriginal.  Smells like sugar water was poored onto unfortunante girls.  I don't understand the main stream appeal either.  If you want to smell unique, try Tom Ford or Bond No.9  Do us all a favor ladies, throw this stuff out and grow up. Smells almost like Pink Sugar. 
negative What a damn shame this one is. Both my mother and sister own this fragrance and its hello and goodbye at lightspeed. The notes are very boring and non chalant. I can't see why anyone would drop the bucks for this one. It's a nice bottle with a popular name. Thats it.
negative Sweet vanilla flowers in a cigarette ashtray. Even sans the unappealing smoke odor, it'd still be too sweet.

neutral I was impressed with this perfume. I thought the bottle was very creative and unique and the scent equally as creative. 

Although this fragrance doesn't really appeal to my tastes in perfume, I can appreciate Flowerbomb for what it is. 

Flowerbomb is a strong floral with beautiful hints of vanilla. The scent is sweet and powdery without being too overpowering and is warm and soft on the skin. 

This fragrance is along the lines of Angel by Thierry Mugler in the way it has been uniquely composed and in popularity. Like Angel, this fragrance either grabs you or disinterests you. 

I might have considered purchasing this perfume if it wasn't so expensive, however I understand that Viktor & Rolf are an exclusive brand and wish to be noted in same league as Chanel and Guerlain.


neutral On first whiff, I too get a little girls sugar n spice and all things nice vibe. 
Interestingly this fragrance brings back memories of my first experiences with buying and trying fragrances for myself as a new teenager. Victor & Rolf's FB is the expensive version of a range of Impulse body sprays aimed at teenage girls. I would give anything to remember the exact name of the Impulse body spray. However, I wouldnt be surprised if the exact same one I remember from ten years ago has been repackaged as something else. Who knows, it could be FB aimed at those grown up teenagers who fell in love with the Unilever sugar water scent.

EDIT :  I went back to the pink, fluffy, sugar water scent and I was converted. Its almost as though its catnip for tweens. This stuff has an oddly addictive snuggly side (a little bit like Lush's rockstar - which I was also initially sceptical of at first whiff). Pleasantly surprised or perhaps seduced by the addictive girly catnip fragrance.
neutral When I first smelled Flowerbomb it was a little off putting.. This & Opium are my cousins signature scents! While Flowerbomb does not smell bad, it leaves a heavy floral note to my nose. I only tested this frag on my skin once, but smell it everytime im around my cousin. It has worn on me & it smells good on her, altho its not something I would buy & wear, but I have learned to appreciate this frag for its development over time. I can see a man pulling this off. Its a neutral rating for me. Nothing more or less!
neutral Okey! Is a good fragrance, sweet, oriental and intense. Something different from what we smell in many other fragrances out there today. But, This Really Worth The Price? I don't think so.. especially when Flowerboom's weak point is the fixation.. cuz I allways believe that a good fragance is a combination of perfect smell and a reasonable fixation..Many people compare Flowerboom and Can can by Paris hilton.. and after testing this two fragrance, I think Can can is the same but more cheap.. 
neutral Testers of Flowerbomb were dropped off for all the female sales associates in the clothing store where I used to work when the fragrance first came out, and for a week my nostrils were bombarded with all sorts of interpretations of it. On some girls, it was so disgustingly, synthetically sweet I wanted to vomit; on others, the sweetness stayed but it wasn't so overpowering, and was just an unmistakably sugary, though wellcrafted, scent. On none of them did I detect the patchouli, which I had hoped for.A few weeks after that, I used my own tester, and it came out very strong at first and disappeared rather quickly, but there was a brief interlude where the scent made me want to bounce up and down with a big grin from ear to ear -- like an elated pop princess. All in all, for a sugar addict like myself, it's worth a cautious try.
neutral Floral, powerful, and unique scent.  It is a Floral - Orange Tuberose type of perfume. The perfume starts with a floral scent, which later becomes sweet and floral, as middle notes start to come out. The ending has a sweeter and a little musky scent.      The floral notes in the middle are the dominant scent, which can be a little overwhelming.The perfume has a new and unique scent, but it does not motivate me enough to buy it.  
neutral According to the Dana Thomas book 'Deluxe: How Luxury Lost Its Luster', "perfume companies buy juices they think are marketable and keep them in reserve until they find the right brand for them." One of such companies was Loreal, and apparently they bought this juice from IFF, sat on it for three whole years until Victor&Rolf knocked on their door for a new scent - and now that juice is called 'Flowerbomb'. So that is the mystery behind this very 'elusive' designer scent. It is not a story that grand. Truth be told, 'Flowerbomb' is not really a Victor&Rolf creation. It is just a juice that some businessmen thought was marketable.  After that 'fact check', I must say I think almost everyone posted an accurate review that summarized what Flowerbomb is. Personally, when I think of the name 'Flowerbomb', I think of some fragrance like YSL Paris. Not necessarily the candied flowers of this one. 'Flowerbomb' is not awful, but to me, also not quite exceptional. I feel like they tried hard to create a somewhat lighter dose flower induced version of Angel and they truly succeeded. The scent's charm heavily relies on the wearer's personal skin chemistry. Honestly, it is perhaps one of the most un-apologetically sweet juices out there.  
positive Flowerbomb is great.  I really like it when my lady wears it. I love it from to to base...
positive It is absolutely amazing that their are so many people that are smelling burnt sugar and carmel and stuff....sticky sweet, sugary etc.  WOW!  I don't get that.  I do like RoseAmber's review, that describes it with light citrus-florals and powdery vanilla, etc.  THAT, I get.  It IS beautiful.  It's fresh and brilliant.  I have such a sensitive nose and am not the biggest perfume WEARER, more of a hobbyist...but for me this is very wearable and soooo agreeable with my chemistry.  So far, all have really liked it on me...even those who are not afraid to wince with disgust for other perfumes.  Flowerbomb, who cares what it's called or how the bottle is shaped???  Maybe the reviews are so poor because of the people expecting a certain kind of fragrance and this not being that.  People should just try it...I almost didn't because of the others it was likened to, so I crossed it off of my list to try.  Go figure, I accidentally tried it and love it!!!
positive This fragrance is amazing! It lasts forever, sometimes when I'm doing my laundry I can smell it on my clothes weeks after I've worn them. I always get tons of compliments when I wear it and whenever I smell it on someone else I think it smells amazing.
positive flowerbomb..not impressive but sensualsweet and warm  should be worn in the daytime or weekends. 
positive I'm not usually a fan of floral, but Flowerbomb is absolutely amazing, i'm obsessed
positive I melt everytime i smell this...as a guy,everytime i get a chance to go to a dept. store to see scents...this would be the first or second scent i would ask for a sample just to smell...amazing theme and concept on the name and bottle construction...it is a floral explosion...i forced one of my friends to put it on...and for the rest of the day...shopping around the mall...i could still smell it...perfect...
positive I recently sampled this at Nordstrom's on a female customer's wrist.  It's very similar (but a bit less "foody") than Angel.  The two are very similar, but I think FB is more feminine, and has greater mass appeal, than Angel.  Viktor and Rolf claim 16+ hours longevity, and sillage is excellent.  Of the two, FB is superior to Angel IMO, and is more suited to the more discreet and discriminating 30+ woman.  If you are into gourmand (edible) fragrances you can't go wrong with this one.  It is expensive, but also exclusive.  If you like the candy style but want to stand out from the crowd, this is the one to buy.
positive I love this scent. I particurally like the patchouli element in the dry down. It's floral, but in an unusual way but not at all prissy. I don't know what it is, but on me there is a very sweet element to it. Not the scent of a definate food, but a lovely sweetness.
positive Flowerbomb (quite appropriate name) is wonderrrfull! haha only way to put this one. My friend and I tried this one out for his younger sister--keep in mind she is young and I agree with La Senora that this can be very..youthful;). Regaurdless it just evoked this happiness in both of us, this sort of unvoluntary smile. It was very similar, in this effect and in scent as well, to a Creed frag we tried once some time back. Unfortunately we CANT remember the name and it kills me. I liked the drydown as well: reminds me a bit of something similar to YSL Cinema, but it has its own character from it as well.Just try it...Im not really a floral  fan anyway =\HOWEVER it seems important to this fragrance particularly that I note we tried it on paper on not yet on skin.
positive I want it! One thing I noticed is that on me, the scent does change. Strange as it may sound, it becomes masculine. I've always liked pushing the gender barrier, like Viktor & Rolf say, look for the contrast: this is my No. 1 rule. No drag obviously, just that I'm a man, I know what I want and I do what I want. I want pearls.
positive I love this perfume. On my way home, I stopped at the store at London Heathrow airport to kill time. I tried on flowerbomb and was very impressed by the smell. It's lovely. 
positive WOW!  I just love this Flowerbomb!  Everything about it is remarkably unique.  The bottle, the name, the fragrance notes...the way they "explode & smolder" ~ simply brilliant!  There has been so much extreme opinion on this one, but I personally find it attractive and wearable! 
positive Ijust recently purchased Flowerbomb.  It does last on my skin.  Since I love orientals the most, especially woody-orientals, I was surprised that I would like this as much as I do.  I find it to be just the right balance for someone who avoids florals and wants a softer, sweet floral.  It is not too intense for me. A miracle for this oriental fanatic! 

negative Flowerbomb is not for my skin, it becomes way too sweet and too uninteresting. I am sorry.
negative Awfully boring tutti-frutti syrup for such a big price tag.Viktor & Rolf need to put on their big girl panties and come up with something other than these treacle-covered blossoms of theirs.
negative Caramel bomb. No flowers. Another, boring, sticky, caramel stuff. So childish, barbyish.
negative the new angel competitor is this bomb who hide very spécial plastic flowers!! 
"courage fuyons"
they want to destroy our noze,pitty,
or, i go to live in sooth pole!!
with pinguins !!
negative I was really dissapointed by this one. I was expecting a really lovely and loud floral. All i was presented with was candy floss, it's sickeningly sweet and 'sticky' smelling. Not worth the price (about £50 for 50 mls over here in the UK). Fantastic bottle though!
negative Tried this one yesterday and I didn't find it as extroardinary as I  thought it would be. It starts with a smell that is very familiar (must be Allure) and further.... nothing. It just doensn't last on my skin and fades after a few minutes.
negative Frankly, it is a mess. I tried both the original and etailer versions of it (some people suggested that the etailer interpretations were much better). None were better than the others. The notes are mixed up in an indecipherably manner. It is flat, but ironically loud and cloying. You don't get the complexity of the artisan fragrances, just a sickly sweet cloud. 
negative too too.  it's trying to hard and the drydown is worthless.  you need to be really young to pull this off. sense memory of disco in the late 80s, amyl nitrate and all.

neutral I smelled it together with Antidote for men... it felt nice but it gave me the sensation of an aroma not plenty original, smelled on another perfume.It starts with sweet flowers, a bit  fresh, with notes of bergamot an tea. Middle notes appears quickly, dominated by freesia in a Ralph Lauren's Romance or Lancome's Miracle remembrance, plus other notes I felt like a floral mix. The base is sweet, like orchid plus sugar or caramel, and maybe a soft wood and vanilla noticeable since the beginning.Very feminine, flowers fit well at summer and the vanilla is nice at winter. A bit complex for daytime use, better for office or evening use, for women between 25-45 years old.
neutral Unless this is the first review you're reading about Flowerbomb, you already know it's not flowery. It is sweet and styled to make friends quickly when first encountered: vanillic with caramelized sugar and a passive patchouli presence; any "flowers" must have been dribbled in from a vat marked Generic Floral Mixture #3. Until a better expression comes along, I'm going to refer to department-store frags as being manufactured with "A Big Paddle." (I'm attracted to niche and vintage-style scents whose molecules are stacked more meticulously.) For a Big Paddle frag, Flowerbomb is pleasant enough not to scrub off, but not attractive enough to mean something special to me.
neutral I don't agree that it's as polarising as Angel, but it's just as instantly recognisable and for that, deserves some respect.  The pink grenade shaped bottle mixes masculine and feminine imagery.  The idea of a bomb I think suggests a gradual war on the senses rather than an overpowering effect.  In the vein of Agent Provocateur's first one, it's a dusky musky floral.  Powdery but quite bodily in that it's pungent.  Like a voluptuous lady that's shaken talcum powder under her arms on a hot day.  Feminine but absolutely not girly it also has a quite bitter smell.  Some smells go 'up' when you smelll then, some 'down'.  This one stays level in terms of the progression of notes to me.
neutral I am not as sophisticated with perfume lingo so I will just use amateur words. I loved it a lot at first, smelled sweet yet suave and sophisticated. It reminded me of Coco Mademoiselle. However, having major perfume longevity problems, I had to pass because I felt that the drydown was weak and barely there. I own Mademoiselle and after an hour it is gone on me - so I could not take the risk with this one too, specially that the price is a bit up there.   
neutral Hmmmm, Im not too impressed with this one, but maybe I was expecting too much :o\ First of all its lacking too much vitality to be a "bomb". It doesnt smell bad, but it doesnt have much kick and from all of the reviews Ive read I was expecting it to be way more gourmand than it is. It just smells like a clone of Allure. Contrary to some opinions, Flowerbomb does NOT smell anything like Angel, I wear Angel on a regular basis and FB is nothing like it, Flowerbomb smells like flowers Angel does not.Flowerbomb and Allure share the same type of light floral scent, with that same light hint of spice. They're not bad scents, but arent distinctive enough for me. 
neutral I have survived the explosion of Flowerbomb. Is this a good name for a fragrance? And do I want to buy something in the shape of a hand grenade? Well, it's a violent experience of flowers that will certainly get the (shocked) attention of everyone around you with the noise of fragrance. One of the reasons I wear perfume is to experience the flow of a fragrance from top note to drydown. Flowerbomb doesn't do that. You put it on and it stays that way till you scrub it off. Or surrender. It should be called Flower Claxon. Perfect for someone who likes a lot of attention over a long period of time. Unfortunately, not for me.
neutral I love it in the bottle but it smells musty and unimpressive on my skin- like patchouli and burnt sugar. With different body chemistry it would be lovely. A must have for floral fans especially if you like patchouli but try this one before you buy- especially with the price.
neutral I love the bottle and the marketing did wonders on my psyche... BUT it's too strong and very smoky to me.  I'm not sure that makes sense, but reminds me of a room where someone's been smoking a pipe or a fancy cigar.  
neutral Flowerbomb? Smells sweet, spicy, caramelly and a bit like all-spice. Also this reminds me of blonde brownies baking in the oven. This isn't what I expected from a perfume named Flowerbomb.?! This is one-dimensional, as it doesn't change from the moment you put it on till it slowly wears off. In all honesty, Flowerbomb smells EXACTLY like Avon's Extraordinary! In a blind sniff test, I wouldn't be able to tell them apart. The only difference is Flowerbomb does last longer and has a bit more sillage. Also on the plus side the, bottle is very unique and makes a great conversation piece. Tho I like this, I don't think it's bottleworthy!
positive Very sweet juice with decent longevity and projection. Not much left to say about this fragrance that hasn't already been said. I find it smells like Fruity Pebbles cereal. I like it, but don't see a full bottle in my future.
positive Is this an everyday fragrance for any occasion, absolutely not. However, nobody can honestly get a whiff of this and say wow that stinks. This frag deffenitely has its time and place. If your goal when putting on a fragrance is to get compliments and have women turned on then this will 100% do the job, women love this frag. I guarantee a compliment everytime you wear it, it is what it is just facts to the haters of this frag. There is a reason its one of the top sold frags in the world. You want to be unique and wear something that no one else really enjoys except yourself by all means, if you want to get compliments at a bar from pretty women this is for you.
positive Paco Rabanne as a fragrance name for men had slowly slipped down the relevance slope over the years, with the undeniable influence of Paco Rabanne Pour Homme (1973) on the masculine fragrance scene slipping from mainstream design somewhere around the end of the 80's. That watershed scent was needing a "replacement" so to speak in the eyes of the mass-market blind buyers that work off of peer pressure, as it became less of a must-have for everyone and more of a must-have for the vintage fan; once a scent crosses that threshold, it's work is for all intents and purposes done, and a house needs to reinvent it's image with a new halo product. Tenere (1988) was too niche in interest to ever really catch on, and XS (1993) was good, but part of the "fresh fougère" wave and drowned in a sea of samey competition. Paco (1996) was an attempt to join the unisex craze, and Black XS (2005) was part of that "youth targeting" movement of the early 2000's. All of these were good products, but not the one Paco Rabanne needed. Enter: 1 Million. This deliberately gimmicky scent could have been released by Avon during it's halcyon years for the packaging alone, and it was so finely-tuned as a generalist with a fun club-going side that it instantly struck gold (pun intended) with it's upwardly-mobile millenial career professional target. It had balance and pleasantness borrowed from the best 90's generalists, a sweet pseudo-gourmand femme-friendly vibe to make it a "go-getter" in the clubs, plus a flashy, gaudy personality that resonated with the "glorified hedonism" of mainstream hip-hop culture of the time. It checked all the boxes, and became the Paco Rabanne Pour Homme of the 21st century. At what price victory? Well that's the question for Paco Rabanne to answer, as it took not one or two, but three perfumers to concoct this "faceless man" of a note pyramid.

Do I like it? Yes. It's hard not to like this honestly, as it's such a focus-group-in-a-bottle that everyone will find enjoyable facets that counteract the boring or maybe even slightly intolerable ones. Even most haters of this stuff will admit it doesn't smell bad, it just has nothing for them because it's such a boiled down mash of everything people like that it comes across like pandering, and fault it for it's lack of distinction; it's like a person who tries to agree with everyone and is trusted by no one as a result. 1 Million opens with grapefruit, which is a holdover from the late 90's and early 2000's ozonic period, so it checks that box. They add mint and blood orange to the mix, one is meant to smooth out the grapefruit's tang, while the other rounds it out with a darker citrus tone, which checks another box. Sweet, bold, but held back by a scent counterpoint so it stays cool and fresh. The gourmand tones of the middle add some comfort, with cinnamon and other spices playing with rose and a soft suede note, so check off boxes for fans of orientals, floral masculines and leather scents, even if none of these notes really stand out over the other. Finally, a base of carefully-measured generic Iso-E Super woods and patchouli flanks a "everyone loves amber" bottom end. It's almost Paco Rabanne plagiarizing Avon's "me too" designs, but times 10, almost. It's practically the posture child of balance, and is the Goldilocks of note pyramids; not too sweet, not too spicy, not too fresh, not too warm or cool, but just right. It spawned a bunch of flankers, as some did actually find fault with it's design, and ironically they all have more personality than this one does by very nature of their specialization: there's a lighter eau de cologne, a darker Prive, and an even louder Intense version out there now. As if this one didn't cover all bases enough itself, it's siblings will hit any area missed. 

As the fragrance for the guy who wants to both impress everyone yet potentially offend no one, this does exactly what it sets out to do, and was thus copied a dozen times by other houses. Guys looking to make a statement might as well become mute when wearing this so they'll likely do better staying away. 1 Million almost created a new genre of "nightclub scent" as it was most often found in that context during it's first years, if only because of the rich playboy image it's gold bar bottle gives off, making it attractive for a good time at face value much like the people wearing it wish they were. This is where the stigma of 1 Million being the smell of "hetero alpha male douchebag" came from, as this was the smell wafting off the collar of the guy in the white blazer trying to buy all the ladies drinks and hand out phone numbers to every table. It's the arch-nemesis of Jean Paul Gaultier's Le Mâle (1995), which is the polar opposite of this and the "old guard" club scent that refuses to die (but is found more in gay clubs nowadays than strait ones). Again, I do like this, as it's completely pleasant, soft, sweet, with only a small drop of the risque, rather than rolling in it, but I do admit throwing it under the bus in this review due to it's blatant, unabashed commercialism. Liking Paco Rabanne 1 Million is like enjoying McDonald's cheeseburgers: you don't like admitting they taste good in that generic "I can probably do better" kind of way, and you know everyone else who eats there probably shares similar sentiment, but it's such an easy and safe grab that you do more times than you care to admit; that is 1 Million in a nutshell for me. It's not often that a generalist comes along which can pull double-duty in romantic or leisure settings, transitioning from uniform to dress casual and even over to pajamas for the evening after, so it objectively gets high ranks from me for it's utility. However, once you look past the kitsch of the bottle, it has as much personality as a Dodge Caravan. 
positive I love this stuff, my wife prefers Le Male when I am going with a sweeter scent but this is one of my favorites. No, I am not a cologne Guru, just a guy who prefers a sweeter citrus scent over the pushy salesmen colognes.
positive A very sexy masculine fragrance, fruity and flowery. Well done, but without much originality. Good performances. 
positive It's a great fragrance, very powerful and long lasting. its an absolute beast on performance. Awesome opening which then turns very sweet, but masculine.

it Is very hard to describe exactly how this smells. The closest I can compare it to is Rose scented fabric softener with a hint of JPG Le Male... over all its very pleasing to my nose, and will most likely be enjoyed by teenagers and young men (like myself). This to me is only a going out ''partying'' scent, however could be worn in school or work with 1-2 sprays at the most.

Scent - 8.5/10
Silage/projection - 10/10
longevity - 10/10
Versatility - 5/10
weather - Winter nights
Age - 15 - 25 (younger crowd)
Compliments - 9/10 (90% of the time I get a compliment when wearing this)



positive Out of the bottle this is very sweet and candy-like, but after a while it settles to a nice slightly spicey woody scent, sort of like cedar but not quite (it is probablt the sandalwood note they used). The sillage is pretty low so I would say this is a good office scent.
positive Admittedly not an artistic masterpiece, Paco Rabanne's 1 Million is a terribly under-appreciated and unfairly maligned fragrance.  It gets compliments and performs great.    As for one of the recurring critiques of the fragrance, the "bubblegum sweetness" is exaggerated.  It is sweet, but not overly sweet.  In fact, it is more spicy than sweet.

Smell 8/10
Longevity 9/10
Projection 10/10

Best for night-time wear, but exercising some trigger control, 1 Million is suitable for all occasions.
positive A delicious cologne loved by both sexes which is worn by too many and has therefore lost its appeal on me. Also it makes me salivate and my teeth hurt for some reason. I definitely like this scent, but I won’t go past a 5mL sample.
positive Extremely Similar To Fan di Fendi pour Homme, except is is much more smooth and sweeter. The spices are toned down a bit here, and the leather and woods sit in the background. It lasts 6-7 hours for me with good sillage and intensity. Wonderful stuff. It seems like quite a few other scents out there today. I have a few more samples, I'll wear them all before I decide to buy a bottle. So far I like it.
positive Honestly, this isn't a terrible scent. I actually quite enjoy the sample I received more.  than most of the "complex" or "higher-end" fragrances I own. Yes, it can be synthetic smelling. Yes, it can be very sweet. However, unless you're consistently only hanging out with perfume aficionados, most people aren't going to notice the synthetic side. Also, the cloying scent that a lot of people describe comes from overspraying. One spray of this lasts me a good 10+ hours with excellent projection throughout, and none of my trusted friends have ever mentioned it being too strong or too sweet. As some people have mentioned, I adore the spicy cinnamon citrus opening, and the drydown's sweetness can be ameliorated by wearing it in colder weather. (Not in an 80 degree club or the summer....) All that being said, you do run the risk of smelling like some other people on the street. But really, considering the fact that most people don't wear cologne and that the average person doesn't retain a fragrance in mind unless, say, they have consistent contact with it, (e.g. their SO wears it) the uniqueness warning doesn't really apply for me. All in all, great fragrance suited to a young crowd, (25 and under, any older and it gets juvenile) very attractive, and best suited for chillier weather with minimal sprays.

Cheers!
positive Yes, it is loud, powdery, sweetness in a bottle.  Lots of comparisons to cotton candy, but it is cleaner and fresher than just a food scent.  And that's why this one gets noticed and received compliments.

I've always noticed that there is a weird, almost organic smell in this as well.  Looking at the notes, I still cannot place it.

Excellent performance in both longevity and projection.
positive So... I just tried this fragrance for the 1st time a couple days ago. I ordered a bottle of Noir de Noir from Sephora and they gave me a couple of 1 Million samples with my purchase.  I always avoided this because I knew how popular it was and didn't want to smell like every teenager and club rat in the world.

... So anyways, I tried the samples and my mind was blown.  This to me is incredible.  I get a lot of cinnamon and orange in the opening, mainly cinnamon.  The dry down is a little bit too sweet for me but the opening is to die for and makes up for this minor flaw.  This stuff lasts FOREVER on my skin too and projects like a beast.  I own a lot of fragrances, and I hate to say this but I was more mesmerized by this than most of my niche fragrances, Including the bangers: Aventus, Green Irish Tweed, Millesimal Imperial, Reflection Man, and Jubilation XXV.

I enjoyed this so much that I actually just ordered a bottle a few minutes ago.  I know how most people feel about this fragrance, so I probably won't wear it out often.  This is going to be the fragrance that's just for me; the one that I put on when Im around the house just for my pleasure. 

If you do buy this, you're going to smell like a lot of other people so I hope you don't plan on being unique.  This can also come off as sickly sweet if over applied, so be cautious.  This may be overly used and hyped to the max, but I really enjoy it.  Try it if you haven't already.

negative Its so sweet and so loud.  It is pleasing to many people, sure.  I could never own a bottle that looks like this.  Just terrible. 
negative Extremely synthetic smelling and cloyingly sweet - Nothing masculine about this at all! This is to men's fragrance what Justin Bieber is to music - saccharine sweet with absolutely no soul - just mainstream appeal.
It's clear they're trying to appeal to a younger audience who may not remember any of the classic masculine scents, but as a man, I just would never want to smell like this. Thumbs down...
negative The first time my husband wore this I asked him why he reeked of Right Guard.  Instead of getting annoyed with me, he said, 'yeah, that's what it is, isn't it?'
negative Too sweet, not enough "cologne" smell if that makes sense. Ended up scrubbing but willing to give it another sample at some point. 
negative I saw the red flags in other's reviews, I was warned:
It is sweeter than Jean Paul Gaultier Le Male, (which I found abhorrent).
Smells like Fan di Fendi, (which is utterly disgusting).
Azzaro Night pour Homme, Mont Blanc Legend Intense and Axe deodorants were also major references.
I have great reverence for Paco Rabanne pour Homme, which with Nina Ricci Signoricci, were champions on my first steps into the world of Masculine fragrances.
I couldn't believe Paco Rabanne put its name and reputation in such offensive reeky juice, packaged in a tacky golden bottle, is it marketing strategy? Which demographics are they targeting?
I'm an old timer, but I accompanied the generational changes in perfumery and found value in modern fragrances, like Abercrombie and Fitch Fierce, Prada Luna Rossa, even David Beckham pour homme, (which is amazing and affordable).
What makes reputable houses like Dior creating monstrosities like Sauvage, or Paco Rabanne denigrating themselves with 1 Million and the super tacky Invictus? Are they killing artistry in the name of easy young money?… and worse, there are so many copycats delivering the same toxic fumes in expensive bottles.
Do I recommend 1 Million? No.
My advice: Please don't.

The appeal:
Ladies love it! Women go crazy… 
I can't understand why?. (well, women are not to be understood, just appreciated)

Which type of guy wear this fragrance?
I can see clearly 2 distinct gentlemen wearing it: 
Martin Shkreli (pharma-bro)
Kylo Ren (no introduction is needed).

Nuff said!


negative Uggg,,,just ugg. I know that a lot of people like this one but I cant, and I've tried. I mean why would i want to hate on a cologne i paid over $100 for, feal i've wasted my money. To me it literally smells like an old ladies perfume from the 80's. Harsh synthecic fruity rose,,,just way to strong and last way to long.Thats the only plus I can give it is it's staying power thats it... I know sent is very subjective but I can't imagine why any man would like this one...a woman yes but not a man...an older woman at that its perfect for them.
negative For me a huge disappointment ... My girlfriend wears the female version and accidentally bought it for herself... Once it was opened she could not return it so it became mine.
The smell is nothing special in my opinion as it reminds me of very old sweet smells of the eighties. For me it smells like Dunhill edition (not as sweet) and does not last at all. (it was bought in a pharmacy so no fake but maybe old stock)
In a British article it was one of the men's perfumes "which drives women crazy"!! 
Ladies are you sure? 
Drives you crazy?
Maybe literally...
Sorry not for me 3/10

negative Sampled, then bought. One of those "seemed like a good idea at the time" frags. Then after wearing for a while, the scent just reminded me of an a**hole in a nightclub. You know, like that guy on the package. Or the guy who is grinding on your girl while smiling at you. If that's what Paco was going for, mission accomplished.
negative So kiss a little longer
Stay close a little longer
Pull tight a little longer
longer with 1 Million!

That 1 Million freshness lasts right through it.
Your fresh breath goes on and on 
while you chew it!

Say goodbye a little longer
make it last a little longer
Give your breath long-lasting freshness 
with 1 Million!
negative No...

Lately, I've been watching quite a few YouTube fragrance reviews...many mention this as a scent that gets many many compliments from the ladies.  Wow...I think they should maybe clarify just who these ladies are.  

So I saw it on the shelf of the fragrance store I was in and I gave it a go.  It is just too synthetic for me. And cloying.  And Sweet.  It doesn't smell masculine to me at all.  (I'm just turning 50 so maybe there is that...)

Perhaps good for a high school kid but I had to scrub this off my hand as soon as I got home from the store...


negative BLUF: Highly synthetic, sweet, potent, busy, cloying.  Not a fan.

On my skin One Million is something akin to cinnamon, candy, cheap leather, and even cheaper amber.  It really does smell like some sort of over-seasoned, overcooked bubblegum that preteens stick under desks or on school bus seats.  So much going on that I have a difficult time picking out individual notes.

I don’t hate it, but it’s not something that appeals to my senses at this point.  It was also one of the difficult scents to remove from my skin that I’ve come across.  Pass.


neutral Sugary bubblegum sweetness. I can see the appeal and if I was 21 again I would most probably wear it. They say females like this one and can understand why. Being the wrong side of 40 it will be a pass from me.
neutral Boring.For the masses.Non existent personality. Just OK. If you want to smell like one million (at least) other people then this is for you. Is it not  why they named that way ? Overall 6/10

neutral Got a sample on a card the other day. It's just okay. A bit too feminine for me. Smells like a softer Versace Dreamer. Lasts a long time though and is consistent throughout its wear.
neutral It took me quite a while to try this one. Neither though because of its popularity, nor because of its controversy. I simply did not know about it and about either as I did not have time to focus too much on fragrances at the time that it launched. I have since experienced it over the course of several wearings and two previous paper strip tests.
Initially I did indeed notice what is referred to as bubblegum and not only dit it not bother me, it seemed interesting in an unusual and refreshing way and I may have appreciated for it to be incorporated further into its composition. It is a relatively dense fragrance and while it may not have an obvious complexity, it seems to have the ability to embrace the wearer and to make them feel comfortable and welcome. If you think about it, this might in itself be an intricacy of sorts. In addition, the scent could be seen as an attempt at an abstraction of the material and colour of gold. I did not find the scent itself to be unbearably sweet nor pretentious. It seems more likely that the name, the flakon and the mindsets of some of the individuals who used it contributed to the latter association. Having mentioned the flakon, it tended to be impractical to hold and use while the sprayer itself seemed adequate.
The isolated orange or grapefruit note for some reason reminded me of a comparable note in an Armanian code, the theme of the material all the while brought to mind a feminine, a female marketed, fan of Fendi and the impression of nail polish and a Black Forrest cake cherry acidity which lead to the imagining of a scene on a dark leather sofa respectively and the wearing of tight leather leggings with horizontal cuts in the prosperous lobby of a hotel late into the night with a drink of gloomy alcohol from the connected bar which I happened to have experienced from one of these rectangular, welded sample packages which may have been slightly leaking within a heap of other samples. There seems to be a certain resistance towards sweeter respectively oppulent fragrances marketed to men, assumably because they could be mistaken for fragrances marketed to women and because they would perhaps represent a threat to the debatable notion that such compositions are intended for women and that is for women luring in men.
After some time has passed and after also having overapplied the fragrance, I notice that its relative linearity respectively that a kind of plainness as well as a certain sourness can become respectively have become issues for me. The former represents an issue with a reach beyond this fragrance, as I believe that fragrances with an elaborate complexity must remain affordable instead of continuing to steer towards absurdity aspects such as inaffordability and inavailability.
neutral When I first bought this, I loved it, I loved it from start to finish, and I have even gotten many compliments on it.

Then I started to make DIY cologne, I learned to identify many different types of scents. And in the process of making my own cologne, I trained my nose to be able to identify and smell a wider range of scents.

Now that I've increased my smell capabilities, it smells okay at best. Very artificial. Far to strong on some notes.

To an untrained nose, this is an excellent fragrance. But don't wear it around someone that is trained in perfumery, because it does not smell like it's worth the price.
neutral It's not a terrible scent but intensely sweet. I've seen girls trying this on at department stores because they like the way it smells - that tells you everything. Yes, it smells like candy but I have to admit I love the warm, spicy opening. The dry down can be sickening. Let's cut to the chase - we all know what this is for. PR 1 Million is a loud fragrance you put on to get noticed by girls. Although I would never wear this fragrance, it does the job for a night out. It is completely juvenile (can't see any guy over 30 reaching for this) and everyone know this scent because of it's popularity. Most counters will tell you, this is a top seller - what does that say about our taste! I must say, performance is beast mode! Why can't other designer fragrances perform like this? This is EDP+!   
positive Even though I don't wear it a ton anymore, I'm still a big fan and consider it a 5 star-modern day masterpiece for me. 

So unique smelling when it was released and has beast mode projection and longevity to boot. Amazing scent when worn the "correct" way with a light hand, which is among my top compliment getters.
positive Paco Rabanne 1 Million is a fragrance that change my life somewhat. I am not sure whether it was me.. or the perfume. 

I am from Asia to be specific, I am from Singapore. 1 million is not common here unlike western countries from what I gathered from fellow reviewers here, this has gathered so much hype that every hot blooded male is wearing 1million at clubs over there. 

The fragrance game here in Asia its not big. Not many guys wear frags here. Girls being hit with 1million when I walk pass them did not know what it was. To them.. in her exact words when they walk up to me "You smell so nice and sexy" and keep in mind this is a stranger whom I have just met. 

My neck and lips was ravaged by this girl there after. 

I had thought that it was just a one off event. But it had happened several times that I started to believe in the artistry of perfumery. 

This fragrance although have gathered quite alot of hate from the community, have ignited my interest in perfumes and I have expanded my collection by quite abit with also the recent acquisition of bond no.9's New Haarlem. 
positive It's a little too strong.  But I enjoy the ambery sweetness and to me almost like bubblegum and cinnamon, which some people would hate but I really like.  I love cinnamon in fragrances and it does stand out here a little bit.  I can't wear too much of it because it can be overpowering.  Two sprays, that's it.  Yes there is a 'synthetic' quality but for me, the warmth and sweetness are appealing.

I understand why so many people dislike it - but I just like how it smells.  *shrugs* no big whoop.  I received it as a gift, otherwise I probably wouldn't own it.
positive Sweet, beautiful and perfect! 
Hands down, one of the best scents ever made!

Scent: 10/10

positive Salutation.

Very french style.this is special,sweet and spicy.it makes your feel really masculine and stylish then is pefect for a real gentleman!
this fragrances makes me feel warm cold winter nights too.

I recommend it for every one who wants to be seductive in a classic way!
long lasting and attract a lot of woman.
The bottle also fits to the scent.that is really cute.

7.5/10

positive Thats sweet!
bubble gummy sweetness chocolate and vanilla

not for me ,I used to own it before but Great for sweet lovers and it is also 
very very long lasting!!!
positive If you grew up around those colored markers that had specific scents, 1 million is (to me) identical to the black marker - the liquorish one.  IDENTICAL.  I always hated that smell as a kid, and I still do as an adult.

It's definitely a reasonably unique smell.  Just not for me tastes.
positive That blood orange,mint, and grapefruit in the beginning is enticing. But like most potent fragrances being easy on the trigger is a MUST. Too many sprays can over-saturate the notes and cause you to choke people out. The drydown is very pleasant as well.  
positive It's definitely sweet! The fruity top notes dissipate on my skin within an hour leaving a much more woody scent with a slight touch of sweetness. I pick up a lot more of the white woods and blond leather than anything else. One spray on the back of the neck is sufficient for me. If I sprayed anymore it would become way too sweet and cloying. This scent is good for chilly weather and cooler nights. I really enjoy this one.
positive i think this is the best smelling fragrance i have every smelled... when i have this on and walk into a room it will make people forget what they was saying and ask omg what are you wear smells great.
positive demasiado artificialdemasiado artificial, me causa náuseas, é como se a pessoa tivesse acabado de se entupir de antibióticos infantis e a droga ficasse exalando seu terrível cheiro doce do corpo da pessoa
positive One of the many ugly millionsThis is exactly why i dont like most most fragrances nowadays... and Paco Rabanne sold his soul in here..The name says it : its one million or as i say 'just one of the many millions..."Its an overedged and overrated scent with al ingredients tending to be too mucho macho.Too sweet too artificial with this bubblegum cinnamon spicy mellon cake. I see boys wanna be men in a discotheques lurking on young women trying to get eyecontact but not manly enough to confront them asking to have a drink or have a nice conversation, they stand with the boys being macho and laugh trying to hide their insecureness...this scent is not horrible but its has no soul... i need SOUL in a scent i need have a scent with a story!With this scent i can only think of the times we live in now... hasty,crowded,fast,aggitated multimedia overconsumed and shallow...And again i get more and more hunger back to the days of real romantics...Pros: - - -Cons: How many characters can i use in this textbox ?"

negative Awful.  Smells like cotton candy mixed with fruity pebbles.  Loud, sickly sweet, synthetic.
negative Bubblegum, Bubblegum, Bubblegum.....
mixed with cough syrup, honey, spices & leather

Its good, but eventually it gets cloying.

Excellent projection & longevity

5/10


negative For the love of all that is holy PLEASE STOP WEARING THIS! 

When this first hit the shelves I thought it was fine. Candy-sweet bubblegum, cinnamon, woods. Pleasant. 

But now I swear I can't be in a public space without smelling this EVERYWHERE. Not a light, pleasant whiff either, it completely takes over the room and makes me nauseous. 

It has become Axe 2.0 in my region, it's what every high school boy sprays on too much of. Even if that weren't the case, this fragrance is too strong and cloying. 

If you don't want to come off as a completely unoriginal, inconsiderate loudmouth then please - PLEASE - look elsewhere. 
negative A huge commercial success due to innovative advertissements. Paco Rabanne have been becoming a great business man. 

One million is patchouli bomb rather synthetic too sweet and powderdy to my nose. I understand its success among young people who want to feel rich and popular. But I don't like it. Dissmissed!

Not good 5/10
negative Revolting. I have tried this twice.

Straight to the bathroom to wipe it off both times. I just don't understand how anyone could stand that smell. 
negative One of the most powerfully synthetic openings of any fragrance I have ever sampled.  Synthetic is the main play here as nothing smells natural in 1Million.   I live in Florida and I can only imagine how cloying the phony soapy floral notes would get on a hot summer day.   No reason I would ever want to wear this.   It als took forever to scrub off, which only confirms how chemical the composition is.
negative overpowering weird sweetness.It makes me want to throw up.
One positive that becomes negative that you can't even scrub it off.Not for me.
negative Was this the scent that launched a million young jocks? Is this what ‘fresh, spicy, leathers’ have come to?
The overriding impression of this car crash is ‘Look at me, I can scream louder, I got the bling and I think grabbing my crotch in public is the height of dudeness.’ A trying-too-hard dancefloor pretender. That isn’t a police siren tearing up the music, that’s someone doused in 1 Million coming through. 
Starts with a polite (but seen in 1 million other ‘masculines’) array of airbrushed fougere notes, a bit minty, but mostly vaguely herbal-spicy. However, these are soon overwhelmed by a post-Aventus sweet frooty gloop with lingering edges of disinfectant and urinal cake that has somehow in this curious age come to typify the smell of a lad about town on a Saturday night looking for a leg over. It blares when it could just be. Dies back to a nondescript sweetness that lingers. 

negative I really don't see what all the fuss is about with Paco Rabanne's 1 million; it LITERALLY smells like a woman's perfume. I have received a sample of it in my Sephora's sample kit FOR MEN and I am starting to wonder if they gave my the woman's sample because this is a scent I wouldn't mind smelling on a female. It is VERY Floral with some hints of sweet; if you want to smell like a flower for some weird reason then this is the scent to use!!!
negative This smells straight up like a women's fragrance. Too sweet, too floral, too fruity. 
Extremely unnatural, overbearing, overused and worn by the wrong people.

Don't let all the good reviews here fool you, quality-wise this is a horrific scent, synthetic and cheap - should be called "1" instead of "1 Million". Believe me, women above sixteen DO NOT LIKE it. Period. 

I can't see how anyone into fragrances would appreciate this garbage. Absolutely terrible!
negative Ok, so I used to love this scent. I even almost used up a whole bottle. As time has gone on i've hated this scent more and more. Now I just find this scent very irritating and sickly sweet. The smells enough to give you a headache! Also another reason why I probably began to dislike it is that everybody is wearing it. I will give you an example.. in my college class on the same day, 3 of the classmates were wearing it. Its too common and in my opinion it's getting old. It's no doubt good for clubbing cause everyone can smell you and it projects but as so many people are wearing it now, it's becoming a joke. Now I always am hearing comparisons with 1 million smelling like Spicebomb and maybe it's the cinnamon note but i don't think Spicebomb smells much like 1 million. I actually like Spicebomb and would prefer that over 1 million any day.
negative Genre: Woody Oriental

1 Million actually starts out a lot nicer than the mostly indifferent reviews had led me to believe, with perky grapefruit and orange rind top notes. The composition is soon filled out and enlivened by a sweet, creamy synthetic wood accord that’s suggestive of coco butter. So long as it remains in the background, the coconut cream is pleasant in a kind of goofy, offhand manner. Unfortunately, it rapidly expands  to drown out everything else, turning trite, and finally cloying. 

At the apex of its development, 1 Million smells like hand soap amplified to jet engine volume. It also radiates like plutonium until the very last phase of its generic pencil shavings drydown. Talk about crash and burn! 1 Million smells like its entire budget went into the first ten minutes. Long enough to close the sale and get the customer out of the store, but hardly long enough to satisfy. 


negative Honestly I hate this one.  i wanted to love it but I dont.  Maybe it will grow on me.  But right now my impressions has me wanting to make a public service announcement.    I am here to save you $50+ on the purchase price of PR1M.    Go to the dollar store and find a pack of fruit stripe gum.   Insert the whole pack in your mouth and chew to build up a large amount of saliva.    Now spit on yourself.   You now smell like a million.
negative To me this is disgusting and I have to move away/out of the underground carriage when I smell this on people as it is overpowering and acrid. It is the men's version of Poison - to be avoided. Goodness knows what the womens version smells like, I haven't dared to even try it.

neutral To me it smells like a chocolate orange marinated in sunny delight for a year. Curious smell that takes a while fr the synthetic cheap top notes to go away.
neutral 1 Million is a contemporary, synthetic, cheap and conventional “trendy leather scent”, quite plastic and light too, which is anyway overall honestly better than I expected by reading the reviews. It’s basically a sort of “all-rounder” scent which tries – and actually manages – to smell good for everything: fresh enough for the gym, safe enough for the office, trendy enough for the club, generic enough for the Post Office, and so on. Most of all, nice enough for the target it’s clearly aimed at – which is surely not the most refined gentlemen on Earth. The composition is quite simple: citrus head notes, a suederal base recreating a light, mellow suedeish note – clean and generically “modern” like in dozens of other contemporary leather scents – some canonical floral counterparts (violet, or rose), woods and patchouli to enhance the “darker” and drier side of leather, spices. As I said, all smelling quite dull, trendy and plain, with the texture and the quality of a car freshener. Still... well, I can’t really hate this. Mostly because it’s clearly, openly, and *honestly* aimed at a precise target, which *likes* and wants this kind of scents – a type of audience which basically wants a decent-smelling thing  good for any situation, and possibly generic enough to look cool and à-la-page (which for some people, means “conform to and like what other people like”). 
With so much pretentious niche that smells like this and costs three times this, pretending to be “luxury” or “sophisticated” ... you know what? That is what I hate – the pretentiousness, the fraud. While as much crap it may be, 1 Million’s fine for me, because at least it does not look pretentious (I mean, look at that hideous bottle... it’s so kitsch I want to hug it!). I always try to consider scents both “per se” and in perspective relating them to pretenses, price, target and so on. And while per se 1 Million is undoubtedly far below good (although – crucify me – it smells nice to me) if we relate to its actual raison d’etre, this is a respectable product which is aimed at the right targets – people whom you wouldn’t suggest to wear Monsieur de Givenchy or Guerlain’s Derby to. As much as you wouldn’t suggest a bespoke Corneliani suit to people which wear Topman sweaters (and you surely don’t blame Topman for not being so quality and class as Corneliani). For me, the problem of perfumery is not Rabanne or other hundreds of crap scents which, in a way, clearly “look” crap even from the bottle – the problem is the intolerable pretentiousness of brands pretending to look better than they are, and people feeding them by paying ridiculous amount of money for this same quality of Rabanne. 1 Million is so openly, unambiguously, honestly tacky I can’t really blame it for nothing (plus, as I said – crucify me again – it smells better than expected). And I’m fine with that (not that anyone should care). 

6/10
neutral I didn't want to like this stuff.  Yeah I admit I'm a little snooty, but that wasn't the reason. The real Paco Rabanne was my first purchase ever and I still think it's great stuff.  I think it's because of the money-worshiping name and crass marketing.  (For the record, I also think Roja Dove's ludicrous prices are a crass appeal to money-worshippers.  But Dove has exquisite skill and taste.)

And the fact is I really don't like 1M very much.  But there are a couple of nice parts.  The blood orange early on is very nice.  When the coconut comes up it makes a nice naranjo-colada.  If you are a high school or college kid this might be a benefit because it will remind the girls you are interested in of their recent pubescence when they adored candy-shop smells.  Whether this inspires them to play dress-up or dress-down is for you to tease out on your own. 

After those parts comes a suffocating cedar-paneled sauna of steaming cinnamon, underlaid with a cheap, cheap sweet floral.  Cloying and claustrophobic. At this point it became a scrubber.
neutral Some days its good, others day, I put it on take a whiff and throw up cause it sometimes becomes bubble gum with some spice at the end. Idk, but when it smells good, it really works nicely.
positive Easily enjoyable fragranceI'm giving this a positive rating because it is plainly and simply a good fragrance. It isn't on every d&@chebag in my town yet and maybe that's why I'm not predisposed to hating it. It has some sweet scents and sits well on my skin. I can see how some people say it smells cheap and I got that from a cursory glance. However, sniffing further into it and giving the drydown a chance, it became wonderful(on me, anyway). Give it a chance and see what you think, with an open mind.Pros: Sweet, good projection, good longevityCons: Common in some areas, artificial instead of natural"
positive SUPER SWEET	I like it but don't wear it often. definitely a nitetime frag. can be cloying if oversprayed like I just did..	for late nights hangin out/clubbing or 2 draw attention from the opposite sex this is a masterpiece.	otherwise just an overly sweet mess of a concoction..Pros: LONG LASTINGCons: SMEELS ARTIFICIAL"
positive Sweet, with Good Projection	This fragrance starts out really sweet and really strong at the beginning, but once it fades into the basenotes it becomes a great scent.Pros: Great Basenotes, Good ProjectionCons: Cloying"
positive overall, a very good fragrance!L1 million is very sweet but masculine smelling at the same time, it has very good projection someone from 6 feet away and more will be able to smell me, longevity is excellent, i get up to 10+ hours, very goodStarts off with a very strong sweet "bubble gum" type of vibe, and that's pretty much all you get with this fragrance so it's very linear, but it is a pleasant scent.When it starts to dry down, i get a vanilla type of vibe on my skin, but it's pretty much a skin scent when it dries down.I go one spray on the neck and one on one wrist and then i tap it with my other wrist, sometimes i go three sprays, please don't over this because it can get cloying especially in hot weatherI think this can definitely be  worn all year round, just be careful with the spray on warmer weatherI think ANY age can pull this off, I'm 16 in high school and i wear this, the ladies love itOverall i give 1 million by paco rabanne a 4.5 out of 5A very pleasant scent, great compliment getterI highly recommend testing it out on your skin first because you might not like it due to it's sweetness, but definitely check it out and give it a try!I hoped you enjoyed my review.Pros: BEAST projection/longevityCons: can get cloying if sprayed to much"
positive Sweet leather. 
positive My second number ONE...	One of the bests! Its my second!
positive I bought this after 1 sniff.
Although I love the fragrance, I consider it to be somewhat juvenile like being present when candy is being made.

I would wear this if I had to go to an evening event full of younger people and I didn't want to smell like an old man.

Other than that, the use would be pretty limited unless I'm partying in the hood.
I will continue to experiment with it to see where it might best apply.
positive This is a bit of an odd fragrance for me.  When I first samples it, I immediately fell in love with it.  I get the bubblegum and cotton candy references, but to me it smelled more like vanilla flavored pipe tobacco, you know the sweet sugary kind; even though it has no tobacco smell at all to it.  I made the mistake of wearing too much once and it really got to me.  It was way too sweet and overpowering to the point that it gave me a slight headache.  I highly suggest you go lightly with this one, or else you will definitely regret it.  I still enjoy this cologne in small doses, but can't give it an enthusiastic thumbs up.. I'd rate this as a 7/10.  It's too good for a neutral, but nothing earth shattering here.
positive I love this one. In fact, my first switch from using BOGART POUR HOMME for almost 5 years straight. It's my first day at work after wearing the 1 million - just a spray on the pulse points and then a spray on the chest. The receptionist immediately asked what's the smell as the 1 million is not so easily sold in my country as it's expensive and no sample bottles are sold in this part of the world. 

It feels like sitting in the middle of a vanilla garden all day just by wearing it. One spray is mild. The HEAD aroma is very intense. The HEART leaves a vanilla aroma. The TAIL? Yet to get to that part. My wife should be able to tell the difference. And I'm sure if it is good, I get lucky ;-) !
positive Yes it might be over used, yes it smells young, yes I might be too old to wear it, BUT what's the bottom line?  It smells good. Sure it smells like bubble gum with some cinnamon sprinkled on top and a touch of sugar. I like and so does my wife. Do I wear it everyday?  Uh no, however to mix things up from time to time I do grab this and don't think twice about it. 
positive I have used a lot of perfumes ,all top notch.This is something I really love to wear anywhere because you know that you are noticed.Bubblegums,candies etc .are the main notes.Drydown is like a leather jacket.This is complimented.A lot of people might say it's quite ladies but seriously speaking its awesome.You get 1 million compliments.Love this one.Got a lot of them and the compliments continue......................................
positive Smells very nice, youthful definitely. On me this doesn't last and project as much as the hype would have you believe, but it's a very pleasant and enjoyable fragrance. 
positive Great sweet but mature scent. Ideal for the night. The only bad thing is that is way to popular and it lacks exclusivity.
positive Everyone has it. In every club you can smell it. It has already been ripped off. But it smells great! It's actually wonderful. I dont care about others using it, i just find it gorgeous. A must have. Thumbs up.

negative Trashy, but I think that's intentional.;	If I smelled this with a blindfold on I'd say it smells like waiting outside of a public restroom in a casino. You're near the smoking section, next to a gift shop stocked with candy and especially red licorice. Every time the bathroom door opens a cloud emerges that is a combination of the urinal-cakes, the cherry-almond soap leaking out of the dispensers, the disinfectant in the mop water the janitor is cleaning the floor with... 	Then I take the blindfold off, see the tacky gold bar atomizer and think, so wait — casino bathroom is exactly what the house was going for?"  	At least it's self-aware.
negative Sickly sweet disgusting trash. Probably designed to be the next step up for teenagers from wearing Lynx Excite. "Yes! You too can smell like an accident in a sweet shop!" I certainly won't miss it when I finish the bottle.
negative In the beginning I loved '1 Million' - it was fresh and like walking through an orchard full of berries. But after a couple of minutes it transforms into this sweet stench... like you're trespassing or you got lost in some woods full of blueberry. the smell becomes so dominant that it's annoying. but luckily after a couple of minutes you can't smell a thing any longer, because it doesn't last at all.
negative this is sweet peppery synthetic frag , very cheap execution :)

probably made according to the new market taste for sweet feminine frags with some spices added so it can be sold as masculine :) anyone who can wear this can wear every single female perfume and smell better!!


guys i recommend Ormonde man, instead of this ! 
negative It smelled decent at first spray but it just isn't for me. It smells like buble gum and metal. A grown man shouldn't wear this. Let me rephrase that. A refined man shouldn't wear this.
negative Fine fragrance that meets the purpose for which it was made: partying, that appeals to the masses, good behavior on the skin ... but I can not stand it. It's not the fact of being overcrowded, but become extremely cloying on my skin, and low-quality synthetic.

neutral Bazzoka joe musk If type two diabetes had a smell, I think this is it. I hate to admit it, but I feel like 1 million has just that many things wrong with it. It is the official smell anthem for the "me" generation with how much it stands out. This is not really putting the "b" in subtle here folks. It screams "I'm 18, I paid 60 bucks for this t-shirt, I'm drunk, and I don't really love you". So if that's what you are going for, you're in luck because we found your scent.Pros: It is an introductory to the world of cologneCons: Everything
neutral When i first got my nose on 1 million, it was ok..

Second try and err, it was just way too sweet.

Im going neutral on this fragrance mainly cos i dont completely hate as it didnt offend me, but dont really think i would want to wear it.

meh...
neutral This is bubblegum.  Double-bubble, specifically.  Not for me.
neutral This is about as synthetic candy-sweet as it gets. A touch of citrus and mint to start off, a bit of spice and patchouli thrown in, not very well balanced or convincingly blended.  Outstanding, however, aside from the good silage and projection,  on my skin is the monster longevity of twelve hours. 

neutral  At first sniff this was a very unique scent, not particularly masculine, but very different from all the fresh aquatic scents that have come out over the past few years. I definitely picked up on the rose note as it began to dry down, but not so much with the leather note. I tried it on for myself and loved the top and middle notes, but  when it came to the base it smelled just like pencil shavings on me. 
 If mixed with the right chemistry I could see 1 Million as an amazing fragrance, just not on me. It is a distinct fragrance, I could pick Million out on a blind sniff, but it's not for me.
neutral didn't mind the intial first few minutes until it got too sweet.  not my cup of tea, but the i do like the bottle. very cool i must admit
neutral I get the cotton candy / juicyfruit sweetness at the start with some cinnamon. When it settles down on me, it is predominately spice and musk, with a hint of the sweetness in the background...and that there lies the problem. Too much musk and spice. If they dropped the musk back a bit and increased the sweetness on the dry down then this would be perfect. As it is, its just average.   
neutral I love it! Especially opening. Unfortunately it's so popular, that you won't find living human being, who don't know what 1 million is, what it smells like and how it looks like. Too many people wear it. If you want to smell decent and OK, then go for it!

Rating would be positive if not the popularity.
neutral This is a great one if you want to smell like cotton candy. I am not meaning that in a bad way, but it just isn't for me. I don't find any complexity in it, just sugary with a powder vanilla dry down. 
neutral Great bottle - if you're a teenage boy who wants to swank about in the bathroom. Great silage and longevity - if you're a teenage boy who wants everyone to know that he's just started shaving. Great advert - if you're a teenage boy who likes the idea of blinging it up. Great opening - not just for teenage boys - the blood orange smelled like mandarin jelly to me - delicious. Vile drydown - great for a teenage boy who wants his friends to know he's wearing 1 Million - but for everyone else it's an invitation to a migraine.  Whatever White woods are meant to smell like, they seem to occur in every budget or copycat fragrance and have the tenacity of a cockroach. 

Postscript: 5 days later, the cuff of my jacket still reeks from two sprays of a tester. 
positive I first tried Kenzo Flower at Sephora over ten years ago when I was just starting to become seriously interested in perfume. I actually recoiled a bit because of how powdery it was. Now, I love soft powdery scents, thought back to my experience with Kenzo Flower over ten years ago, and sought it out. It can currently be found at discounters for a very reasonable price, is still available in 30ml, and who knows when it may be discontinued? It is 20 years old now, after all. 

To me Flower is the quintessential baby powder scent. I get mostly powder and little else. No florals, little musk. Not too sweet. It's not a complicated scent, but it's a nice comfort scent on colder days.  

EDIT: After several wearings, Flower seems to be a bit of a chameleon. Some days it smells soft and powdery, other days it smells more 'fresh and clean'. This adds to its complexity makes it more interesting. 
positive Opens with a slight melony note(calone given the release date?) and that lipstick smell that sometimes happens with rose/violet perfumes and a bit of a  synthetic buzz. It's strange on first try, but its also kind of strange and fun, especially the more wears you give it. Drys down into a lovely powdery rose scent over vanilla and white musk, which really comes in and rounds out the opening. The vanilla never gets cloying or bakery smelling though, and the white musk never gets sharp or too laundry-esque. It smells nice and clean and clear powdery and violet-y. Very nicely done in a very cool bottle. Perfect for spring.
positive Tons of violet on top; happy little, powdery violets.  Rose shines through a moment later.  Buzzy sweetness on top overall.  Lovely!

The middle and base seem to be as one entity, one blend.  There is a muted resinous, balsamic layer intermingled with a creamy musk.  There is an aldehyde, hazy blend thrown in here.  I'm going to guess it's the "chemical notes" listed for the base.  The violets stick around, dancing around the whole time.
positive A very good and nice soapy floral that performs well. Then, it’s nothing special for me. 
positive When I first spray this on, it appears very strong and very sweet, which if the longevity were stronger, would make it synthetic, sickly and overwhelming. Happily, it falls quickly to a pleasant soft, musky rose.  
positive I find the opening a bit sharp. A lot of violet emerges out while the rose gives a soft touch. At the drydown the vanilla smoothens it into a comforting body scent. I find it indeed very powdery. And I detected some incense-like notes that tickle the nose and constantly reboost up the soft floral and vanilla, very interesting. The sillage is quite good and the longevity is around 7h on me. 

I personally think the bottle is an excellent visual interpretation for the fragrance. It's floral, sensual, and incredibly clean. I especially love it in spring and autumn. I don't think it's a very seductive fragrance, otherwise it can fit numerous occasions with different amount of application. It's not bold, but still very distinctive. It surely has its uniqueness in the floral categories.

Originally written in 2013.
positive FlowerbyKenzo is condense of florals, fresh musk, resins and almondy vanilla. Joyful, radiant and spacious on my skin. Absolutely not cloying, I'd say exactly the antithesis of whichever form of olfactive sultry oppressiveness. While bulgarian rose (initially crisp and earthy) is heady in the fresh opening (a yet vanillic fresh and humid opening) violet and lily of the valley come out along the freshly powdery almondy dry down. Rose is yet present along the bottom, finally soapy and musky. The "denser" (more resinous) part is the central one, opening is crisp, rooty-herbal (yet sweet vanillic) and freshly floral while dry down is musky-powdery with a tinge of creamy resinous. This is not a masterwork but surely I catch on my skin a more than pleasant semi-oriental with a spark of floral-chypre classic sophistication (anyway supported by a modern musky touch of girlish glamour-chic). I detect a sort of sexy girlish floral acidity which is evocative of that hellish "young woman's sweat mixed with creamy armpits' deodorant". Appalling bottle. 
positive Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, no doubt. Kenzo's Flower is an homage to one of the fragrance world's great classics, and possibly the world's first gourmand - Caron's 1941 Royal Bain de Champagne.

RBC was the first scent I encountered upon moving to New York City. A young man I met on Brooklyn Heights' promenade floated in a cloud of melony vanilla amber, and this was the Caron, which immediately became my signature scent - this was in the early 1970s.

As Turin and Sanchez point out in their Perfume Guide, Kenzo's Flower attempts to recreate Caron's masterpiece. It begins quite similarly with honeydew melon and marshmallow, floating over vanilla and amber. However, Flower is greener than the Caron and inside of 15 minutes, has settled down to a pleasant reedy artemesia-like wood scent.  Whereas with the Caron, the melon, amber and vanilla never let up.

A nice alternative, but I'd advise to stick with the original, which is so affordable, it eclipses the Kenzo as an economical investment.
positive Salutation.

FLOWER BY KENZO is an Great fragrance that Invite to Love. It is The brainchild a Genius Like ALBERTO MORILLAS. It is Asia Prestige in The Perfume World too. I was really Pleasantly Surprised when I first smelled this perfume a few Years ago. Subtle,Clean, Natural,Romantic, Sophisticated,Fantasy,Oriental and Feminine.

A hint of Freshness by Black Currant Open the Scene for the Romance of Rose and the Intimacy of Violet in the heart While the base gains Sensuous from Musk and Vanilla.This Perfect blend is Utterly LOVELY,Feminine yet Clean,Soft and Not Heavy scent that lasts for a Long time without Overwhelming.

It is a Delightful Ladylike fragrance and Makes You Feel Like It is a part of Your Personality. The Scent is Light Enough for day wear and very Lovely for Evening Especially with jeans and when You dress up for a ROMANTIC Dinner or a Garden Party in SPRINGTIME. If You are Looking for a Tender Floral scent This one is a Wonderful choice but Test it first before Buying!

Sillage?Very Good.

Longevity?+6 hours on my skin.

7.25/10 
positive Why review Flower when it was released 15 years ago? It's been a bestseller for ages, has been the subject of many flankers and is a successful crossover in Japan. Everybody knows what Flower smells like...

Kenzo asked for a perfume that smells like poppy - a scentless flower. Pretentious folly or inspiration? It gives the perfumer rare creative licence  - and in response to this zen brief Alberto Morillas came up with a white floral bouquet.

A note pyramid for Flower is:
Lychee supported by ginger and mandarin, violet
Rose, with camelia and mimosa,
Frankincense, white musks, patchouli and amber.

Another way to describe Flower is; sweet, abstract flowers with hard black undertones on a basket of laundry musks.

Synthetic odourants are carefully selected to create approximations of rose, violet, hawthorn and Cassie; quoted from another pyramid. Rather than creating each flower and then merging them, molecules common to more than one flower bridge the gaps. This is economic use of materials as only the most essential components of each flower are represented. Close smelling reveals the limitations of this approach though and it's only partly successful. The texture wears a bit coarsely and the flowers do not smell realistic.

With this reliance on synthetics, Flower lacks finesse and roundness. The only natural materials being opopanax, incense and patchouli, and maybe a minute amount of Rosa centifolia, the high percentage of synthetics gives the perfume an artificial quality. This is not necessarily a bad thing; the plasticy feel of Flower makes it distinct from a more traditional formula.

Flower bears the hallmarks of its time (2000) with a watery-fruit note in the head, but in this case it's lychee rather than melon. Its linear core is built from long lasting materials.

As the intense sweetness of the opening declines, dry lemony accents of incense emerge. These give contrast and prevent Flower from becoming a sweet bomb.

Certain key notes have allowed Flower to become a successful crossover in Japan. The lychee in the opening flourish, supported by ginger - common in south east Asian cuisine, and mandarin, create a hook for the oriental consumer. Rose and jasmin have universal appeal and, and incense also has cultural resonance for the Japanese.

Anaïs Anaïs (1978) and Flower are very similar white floral bouquets, but where Anaïs' soapy bathroom accord of lily and hyacinth feels innocent, Flower is harder and less permissive. Its undertone of incense and patchouli announces in a low but firm voice that the pastel, soft focus reveries of the seventies are over. Kenzo's twenty first century interpretation is a plasticy, confident abstract composition. The white floral has moved from being the virginal symbol of early adolescence to a strategy marketed at young women in the postmodern world.

Flowers' continued production has been due to the cheapness of its formula, and is now thanks to its potential to penetrate the enormous and untapped market in China.

The succession of Flower flankers demonstrates the solidity of its formula, which continues to serve as a foundation for new ornamentation.

Flower (like Anaïs Anaïs) has the lasting appeal of a distinctive perfume that transcends the whims of fashion.
It has endured to become a classic.
positive Flower Eau de Parfum opens on a brisk green floral accord that’s at once smooth and refreshing. Violet leaf and violet blossom soon separate themselves from the blend, while suggestions of muguet (lily-of-the-valley) and acacia fill out the dewy spring bouquet. Just a little less roundness, a little less blending of notes, and Flower would smell like air freshener. It’s all squeaky clean – maybe even a little bit clinical – but absent the melon-aquatic notes (over)used in so many of today’s bright florals, the composition manages to keep on the right side of cheap-smelling. 

Flower’s foundation consists mostly of soapy white musk and soft woods. Because the base notes are not sweet, the scent maintains its crystalline clarity right through to the end. I would describe both its sillage and projection from the skin as moderate, and once its central floral bouquet is assembled, it remains stable for at least four hours before beginning its collapse into drydown. Flower is an easy-wearing, happy scent that manages to feel fresh while avoiding modern fresh-floral clichés. I think of it as a space age Diorissimo: equally limpid, luminous, and vernal, but tricked out in a shiny new metallic finish. I like it.

positive I like this, but I do find it wears off quickly almost like a deodorant. Need to top it up during the day.
positive An aldehydic, musky floral typically has an implicit sweetness.  An interesting perfume will play against type and either downplay or compensate for the sweetness.  Flower learned compensation and a sort of misdirection from White Linen, which it smells like, and Tommy girl, with which it shares a conceptual similarity.  

White Linen’s trick is to redirect the composition’s sweetness with a peppery rose that doesn’t so much diminish the sweetness as steer it toward sweet/tart.  From Tommy Girl, Flower learns the lesson of astringency.  Sour, as opposed to bitter, is a hard effect to pull off in perfumery.  In Flower, the sweet, powdery melon-like tone is highlighted by a slightly vinegary note just as actual melon would be by a splash of lemon juice.

positive After years, I finally tried this for the first time.  I used to pass it up, saying, "I don't like florals."  Ha ha.  The joke is on me.  This is PLASTIC FLOWERS.  It is totally weird.  I give it high marks for originality.  I probably won't buy it and wear it, but it sure is fun.  This smells like a bouquet of children's toy flowers scented with powder.  The entire scent is sweet plastic and powder.  This is amazing.  I keep smelling it, through the air, for hours and hours.  There's a bit of ivy or some strange greenness.  The rest is pure fantasy.  Wow.
positive I don't find it odd that so many people have given Flower by Kenzo a negative rating. I know that the sort of powdery, springtime-sugar-flower scents that I love are most definitely not for everyone and that a lot of people dislike such sweet perfumes. 

Maybe it's simply my body chemistry and the way that it develops on me, however, but I don't find it at all insipid like others say, nor out of balance - baby powder is not what it smells like on me. In fact, on me it smells a little darker and more mysterious than many other perfumes I own; it isn't by any means the scent of a femme fatale, but it's not without its charms; and besides, I am not a femme fatale! 
It's reminiscent of a warm, lonely early summer's twilight in a flower garden - soft, sweet and a little sleepy, slightly nostalgic; a last hour's rays of pink-toned sunset on a rose-twined wooden table while faint blue shadows cling to the edges. It's the sort of scent that you could wear just as well in a floral dress, crochet gloves and a boater hat as in an antique mourning dress and veil.

It is a very feminine perfume, on the other hand: not obnoxiously sweet but definitely a "pretty" scent, so it's unlikely to suit everyone's taste. I also agree that it isn't a stunningly unique or strong-willed scent - it's floaty and easy to wear, a lovely scent for a sunny day at a teahouse rather than the signature scent of a diva. Neither is it an intensely grown-up sex-bomb sort of perfume. Still, the lack of strong musky scents is a welcome relief for me and anyone else on whom musks turn unpleasant very quickly. 

My only personal complaint is that it doesn't have particularly good sticking power. I put a drop on my wrists and throat today, and while this morning I was smelling distinctly flowery on the bus it's now mid-evening and it's about as strong as if I were wearing floral talcum powder (although my wrist does smell delightfully like a wild rose bush now). 

Other than that, it's a light, innocent, simple scent wonderful for the spring and summer for any lady (or gentleman for that matter) who likes to feel sweet and elegant. I'd say it's an 8.5/10 for me.

negative its too acidic for me, somehow reminding me of sugardrenched poppycake with a spritz of some bathroom- cleanser.
negative I found Flower by Kenzo to be very sweet and one dimensional. In five minutes, all I got was cheap vanilla. It might, however, be good for a young lady of perhaps 12.

negative Cloying, sweet, nondescript powder. The smell is the polar opposite of the elegant, spare packaging. And red? Red isn't the color I think of for this. There's no passion or brightness in this mix. It's more like melted, rainbow colored sherbet mixing with leftover sheet cake.
negative The opening is all cutie pies and femmey bliss through the wacky/folky Kenzo fashion filter that makes those qualities into an art. The drydown creeps in with a hazy suggestion of freshly turned shrimp cocktail. Opoponax (balsamic and animalic smelling resin), hawthorn (ultra sweet and sharp), and black currant (the cat pee note) are notes that easily read as bodily and profane. Mixed into a modern take on Royal Bain de Caron like Flower, funeralic associations emerge: cheap bouquets and fetid bodies. Also there are ketones given off right before death, and this musk smacks of that scent to me. 

A very morbid review, I realize, and if Flower sustains the pleasure of its opening notes for you and skips out on the heavily disturbing drydown, you're luckier than I was. A perfume that means to be creepy and does it with grace I can take, but this sort of unintentional lipstick on the teeth scenario made for several queasy wearings before Flower was banish'ed. Though I like many scents generally disliked by most people, this one is beyond reprieve: could be summed up as soiled diaper and a rare true case of dead ringer baby powder. But like someone with a flower in place of a brain, I'll probably give this one another try at some point and report back once the extant repeat trauma has faded from memory. It's at least iconic?
negative On first spraying this, my thought was "Springtime!" but within seconds it morphed into a cloying, green-melon-shampoo smell on me. l couldn't pick out any floral notes, & certainly no opoponax; nothing remotely oriental here. Within the hour, all l could smell on my skin was sugar water. This stage lasted for another 3 hours before it disappeared. l'm not sure who this fragrance is aimed at, but l'd say very young girls might love it. l don't.
negative I found this composition to be very off balance.  The basenotes are musky and sweet, woodsy even but sort of impersonally generic due to their overly synthetic nature.  It's not bad it's just awkward.  Actually the dry down is probably my favorite part of this fragrance because the cold violet and rose mushiness is not taking over.  Overall, this made me feel frigid.

neutral The opening has a strong lipstick note. After that, powdery violets. Pretty enough, but not for me.
neutral The floral opening is pleasantly floral, rose-centred, with a frankly disappointing hawthorn -  compared to the benchmark Aubepine Acacia. In the drydown I get a good opopanax impression, and the base might be nicely fresh, but it is quite generic on my skin.
I get moderate sillage, good projection and four hours if longevity.
The flower in the bottle is kind of cute.

neutral I have it on today. And it smells so similar to Burberry Body because of the Bulgarian Rose. Wears off with vanilla scent.
neutral There's no doubt that FbK is a perfume to which people are seldom indifferent. It has a smell of quality, it's penetrating and powerful in its unnuanced sweetness. I don't experience it transforming over time at all, as others seem to. On me, it's signally reluctant to do anything but fade a bit. If I didn't wash, it'd hang on, getting stale, but still resolutely, recognisably itself.
I've had it and worn it, on and off, for several years, the same bottle. At first, I was enchanted by what I took to be its splendid girly innocence. I guess what's happened is: I find its lack of development over time, its insistent shout of sweetness just plain tiring. One can weary of the best perfume, but this one seems designed in a wearisome way. Any charm offensive can fail, it falls apart into charm... and offensive...
Someone mentioned Baudrillard and the idea of a simulacrum - something which is an imitation of something else that doesn't actually exist. What a wonderful insight - and about the art of modern perfumery in general too; modern perfumes being mostly made of aromachemicals. Yes, it's nothing less than Art. 
Anyway, to get back to FbK, shallow is shallow is shallow. In FbK, the map has indeed become the territory. FbK goes nowhere slowly and is, perhaps, the appropriate scent for my last day. When I leave a wish-list of garments and so on for my body to be clad in, I'll ask to be perfumed with FbK. I won't be able to smell it and I'll be beyond weariness.
neutral 
It's been a while since I first reviewed Kenzo FLOWER, my memory of which is best summed up as : vanilla baby powder. I fortuitously received a fresh sample in the mail just this week, and as I am attempting to understand Caron ROYAL BAIN DE CHAMPAGNE, it seems an opportune time to take up FLOWER again.

The opening of FLOWER holds lots of promise for this lover of violets—whether from Parma or elsewhere! Upon initially dabbing the fragrance all over my arms and décolleté today, I began to wonder whether my “vanilla baby powder” memory of FLOWER was really all wrong. Had I reviewed the perfume on a humid day, or irresponsibly allowed my blood caffeine content to dip to a dangerous low before brandishing my pen? Who knows? In those opening minutes, just enough time, coincidentally enough, to make the big sell at counters all over the world, this perfume seems like some sort of dream come true, a rich floriental with seductive appeal, clearly comprising top-notch notes which wax and wane in a lilting, lyrical way.

Alas, the drydown commences shortly thereafter, during which everything flattens out and begins to smell progressively more synthetic until, at last, I recall why my memory of FLOWER as “vanilla baby powder” was right all along. Certainly not a bad perfume, but rather blunt and banal in the final analysis, when all is said and sniffed. Rather like a marriage which may endure for years in a stagnant state after an initially exciting but short-lived romance.

Would poppies smell like vanilla baby powder, if they had a scent? Sure, why not? (if pigs could fly)

neutral  I think MISSSPRING's review really hit the nail on the head.  She wrote:

"If Flower by Kenzo were a blind date, the evening would evolve like this:
He arrives and is better looking than you'd hoped, he has sex appeal and he is so incredibly charming. At the beginning of the date you are in heaven. Then he quickly starts to lose his allure and you begin to feel let down. "Is it me?" you wonder, as you are still hopeful. But after a short while, you find him definitely dull and even slightly annoying. "

When I first put this on I really liked it -- almost as I do my beloved Shalimar.  And then it turned to powder - nothing but poweder - and it won't go away.

This is definitely not for me.

neutral There's nothing I can add to the reviews of this fragrance. It's a powdered spring sweet violet and mixed floral. It keeps you and the mood at that level, and doesn't seem to go 'deep'. So it has it's place, and works as a loudly quiet innocent seeming floral, powdered and light. A nighttime or sultry fragrance it is not, and doesn't need to be. I don't hate or love it - I can see wearing it in mixed social situations, church, etc. That being said, as with all fragrances with sillage and powder, this is best worn very lightly, as it will easily cross that line of intruding on another's space. It is also slightly sneezy, and that must be kept in mind when using it around crowds. If used with restraint, this exhibits the sweet innocent powderedness of a lingerie drawer. If not used with restraint, the insincere sweetness of an ambitious southern belle running for beauty queen.
neutral When you first smell Flower by Kenzo you will most likely recognize the scent as something that you're familiar with because you have at least known one person that wears this fragrance.

This perfume is quite distinctive. It's not an overly unique or ground-breaking scent, rather it is a safe clean-smelling, powdery floral.

I'll be honest and say that I hated this fragrance when I first sprayed it. It was strong, bitter and not at all flowery and sweet like I'd imagined it to be. 

It took some time for those top notes to disappear, but when they eventually did, I came to like this scent a little better. The violets are surprisingly the strongest and most dominant note throughout this composition, however they are powdery and slightly synthetic.

Overall, I don't mind the freshness and subtlety that Flower by Kenzo creates, but I'm really not crazy about this scent. To me it's just a common soapy/clean fragrance that hasn't pushed too many boundaries.


neutral Here are the notes listed on the sample card: Bulgarian rose, Parma violet, Amber, White Musk, Vanilla, Almond.
This starts like a big scoop of vanilla ice cream.  It is very sweet.  The florals are nice but they are all jammed together -- very dense.  Powdery dry-down.  I'm neutral on it (rather than negative) because it seems pleasant, not synthetic.  Once the sweetness burns off, a pretty nice rose note appears, with the white musk.  The scent is just too sweet and "girly" to appeal to me.  
positive Its a  good fragrance but easy to get sick of it
positive I really love this, whenever I wear this scent, I receive a lot of compliments.
Stays the whole day.
positive This has to be one of my favorites.  It's sweet, but a sort of dark sweet.  The scent reminds me of "happy."  This fragrance makes me feel like a women and always has others walk by slowly to really take in the sexy sweetness.  I went through a 3.4oz bottle in one year.  Just awesome!
positive This smells powdery, and doesn't wear off....I'm not a fan, I don't like smelling like a baby. A friend gave me a small little bottle of it....and I haven't made a dent in it.
positive So my boyfriend and I have this rule...we each have our night out with the boys/girls.  We don't ask and don't tell what REALLY happened on those nights because we trust eachother and love eachother, and for us it's like that "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas" slogan kind of thing.It just so happens that my friends are wild and dragged me across the border to Tijuana for a day of fun in the sun, gambling, drinking, dancing, and laughing.  I came across this fragrance in the duty free store as my girlfriends and I were crossing the border to come back home.  I had a wicked licentious smile on my face and some gambling money burning a hole in my pocket, so I stopped in for another huge bottle of Patron tequila when FLOWER caught my eye.  I tested it on my wrist and walked around looking for my liquor.  I couldn't resist smelling my wrist again and again and again.  I forced my girlfriends to smell it again and again and again and we all agreed that it was gorgeously innocent; the PERFECT date perfume.  Not the perfume of the "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas" woman I was that particular moment as I was searching for that liquor and trying to outrun a hangover, but the woman I'd be when I got home, and back to my boyfriend;  the vision of feminity and innocence that he fell in love with....I saw him the next day at church.  I was wearing my new FLOWER perfume, and a super girly baby pink silk Betsey Johnson dress with Kate Spade heels.  He said, "Oh My God, you smell GOOD - did you have fun with your friends?" and with the sweetest, most innocent smile and blink of my lashes I simply said, "yes"That is this perfume.  It's innocence, it's feminine, it's how a man wants a woman to smell.  It's his vision of you at your best, most feminine, simplest form.  It's sexy too, but not "in your face" sexy, but rather, more like a straightforward honest sexiness.  I will always wear this one before a big date with my love!
positive Taliaseki made an interesting assessment while I was searching for a note...dried clover! FlowerbyKenzo boasts a beautiful and feminine rose opening, and a soft one at that. The vanilla/opoponax/musk middle makes this one too powdery for some, but it just wouldn't work the same without it. Then there's that odd 'dried clover' vibe... The rest of its body is as clear as the stem of its bottle. It is mysteriously spacious, as though there's this hollow area inside the scent itself. And despite this apparent lack of body, Flower lasts for hours and hours. I love a good rose scent and this one's so curious I just have to like it. 
positive Kenzo Flower, what an absolute heart stopper.  If she were a woman I would be on one knee and forever in her debt. Im in love. The perfect powdered violet, rose scent that becomes muskier, sexier with time as she allows you to enter her little part of heaven.As your introduced to Kenzo Flower you are struck with sweet black currant, rose and hawthorn and a huge violet note. The black currant doesn't stay for very long but the rose and violet develop down into the heart nicely. These notes are greeted with jasmine and the bittersweet Opoponax, which takes us seamlessly from heart to base. In the base we find vanilla and white musk the jasmine being replaced for hedione (Firmenich tradename, basically a jasmonate). The base melts so close to the skin its heart achingly beautiful. Im almost reduced to tears every time I allow this beauty to dry down into my heart. I wish for her never to leave from this state of grace.Its soft, its powdery, its subtle only showing little nuances over a very long time. Being cautious not to give too much away too soon. Flower embodies modern femininity in my opinion and it has to be up there in my top 5 fragrances. Kenzo flower is one of my comfort blanket fragrances (along with JPG 2). She's a scent to be worn in hot summer days and cold winter mornings for me. This scent was created by Alberto Morillas who has created some of the best selling fragrances of the past 20 or so years and  I have to say this is my favorite from his portfolio.Utter Perfection in a bottle, makes life worth living.
positive Alberto Morilla's interpretation of what the poppy flower would smell like if it were to have a scent, combining the best of rose, jasmine and violet leaf notes to create an illusory floral accord. To my nose FLOWER BY KENZO feels voluptuous, textured with a mild powdery sweetness that draws me into its depth. Not the most enchanting floral I've encountered but certainly one of the most feminine. *** This review is of the EDP ***
positive one of the best female perfumes in production for young ladies.once you smell it on the appropriate skin, you can't stop asking for it.it is so clean, so femini, so nice that you will love it for life.  Smell like sweet flowers, powder but in any way, a very nice female perfume!
positive When this perfume was released I detested it. Far too powdery and overwhelming. However, later my cousin gave me the EDP in a dab on bottle. I avoided it for months, but then discovered that a mere two drops on the nap gave the most wonderously different result. It permeates gently but arousingly. Feminine, playful and uplifting. The powder is still there, which is not usually an element I enjoy, but it is augmented by the rose and violets to bring it out of the matron's water closet.
positive Kenzo Flower Parfum is fantastic.  It is luxurious and lingering.  My fiance is confused about it as he doesn't relly like it but it reminds him of when we first met.  It is quite a bold and lasting scent, perfect for wintertime.  I find myself reaching for it whenever I go to a ball or out for an expensive meal.  I find it sophisticated and memorable.
positive EdT: Horrible, fresh, prickly floral scent. Smells like a dozen others and makes me sneeze.EdP: Heaven sent me a pretty red bottle of warm, syrupy, floral goodness. If you like Fracas and Chinatown type of scents ( floral but with a warm sweet quality in there with depth) you should try this. It´s feminine, sexy but not slutty and comforting. 
positive I have the EDP in the clear glass bottle with the poppy. That was scintillating enough to make me buy the parfum in hte red metal bottle which is divine. I love violets.   I can't see a future without these perfumes, or one of them, in it. Both are more advertourous than Borsari's Violetta di Palma - the EDP more suggestive and playful, the parfum more sultry. 
positive It is one of my favorite women’s perfume. I really like this scent.
positive I like the Le Parfum (red bottle) more than the lesser concentrations. Reminiscent of heliotrope (everlasting flower), the sweet quality of FbK smells like you've spilt the best baby powder next door to the best confectionary bakery. This is one of those sweet fragrances I love to encounter, but would weary of wearing.

negative Less Is more i love the design a single Red flower stem verticly cuting though the clear white bottle.But I Didn't Care for the scent it smell too much like baby power it was to powdery on my skin
negative I'm afraid this fragrance has caused me some cognitive dissonance, and, judging by the responses here, it seems others feel this, too. Strange how such a "LITE" fragrance--that insidious marketing term is somehow more to the point than that respectable word "light"--can inspire such polarized responses as manifested here.But to say "I love this" or "I hate this" without attempting to analyze the issue does not constitute a genuine review, so I'll endeavour to explain. In the first instance, I find it difficult to comprehend that a fragrance of this sort--so airy, so frightfully floral and sweet, so (dare I say it?) "girly-girl"--can possibly be a floral oriental. An oriental that lacks mystery and darkness strikes me as a self-annihilating contradiction in terms. What would be the point of such a fragrance? I wonder if it was somehow supposed to be "cute," but it doesn't quite work out that way, either. And although I warn my students that "I don't get it" is not a very thoughtful response, I still fail to comprehend just what Flower by Kenzo is trying to be or do.FbK, as far as I can tell, is a rather simple linear floral with a little dose of musk and vanilla tossed in to "sex it up" a bit. Even so, "sexy" is not an adjective that comes to my mind when smelling it. I can see that for some it might be a **useful** fragrance; that is, it's not so powerful as to be overwhelming in the workplace, it's not particularly unique, and it doesn't require a larger-than-life personality to pull it off. I think I could tolerate it on others, but I would find it intolerably cloying on myself; but then again, I've never worked in close proximity with someone who wears it, and I can imagine that continued exposure to this sticky violet/rose confection could become quite, quite irritating.But, ultimately, what we have here is simulacrum as Jean Baudrillard would define it: a copy without an original.  FbK is a recreation of the scent of a flower that has no scent, which furthermore has two completely synthetic notes (hedione and cyclosal) as its basenotes.  It is hardly surprising, then, that it smells like nothing in particular.  Baby powder smells quite natural next to this.Having said all this, I find it hard to like any fragrance so devoid of mystery and personality. It seems to me that these two elements are a large part of what makes wearing perfume desirable in the first place. I don't "hate" it, I simply find it too insipid to feel any extreme emotion about it. The truth is, it's one of the most insipid fragrances I've smelled, and I find insipidity harder to deal with than downright obnoxiousness. Given the choice between FbK and Lanvin's in-your-face too-much-can-kill-you Rumeur, I'll gladly take the latter.
negative I tried this fragrance a total of three times hoping to like it but honestly I don't.  All I smell is baby powder and pampers.  This reminds me of my children as babies and it is not what I want to smell like also the smell never fades, it lasted and lasted until the next day. 
negative For me, this smells exactly like baby powder. Not like anything else, just baby powder. It smelled like baby powder when I first put it on 4 hours ago, and at every hesitant sniff ever since, it has continued to smell like baby powder, with maybe a little bit sweeter undertones. Slightly sweet baby powder. Personally, if I wanted to smell like baby powder, I'd rather just buy some baby powder for a buck. But since I hate the smell of baby powder, I won't. Sillage is pretty good, and so is staying power. Lucky me. 
negative Bought this after smelling the beauty of it on someone else. On them it smelled utterly unique and vibrantly floriental. On me, however, it smelled cloying, powdery and sweet - everything I hate in a perfume. I'd give it 2 stars though, on the basis of how beautiful and head-turning it smells on other people. 
negative Received a bottle as a gift.  Whadda waste of effort.  On me it smells like violets and powder.  Didn't do a thing for me.

neutral I thought I lucked out with the opening of FlowerbyKenzo… I smelled an impressive modern floral accord featuring a clear, minimalist rose note with a background modernistic aquatic note.  I say “lucked out” because I didn’t smell the expected violet note, which I tend to strongly dislike.  But that feeling of relief lasted only about fifteen minutes.  Then the violet note came on unrelentingly, to ruin the fragrance for me.  By the time the heart notes have been achieved, the violet dominated in conjunction with a powdery opoponax, vanilla, and the white musk combination.  The powder is charmingly feminine and of high quality.  The opening was a crystal clear floral presentation – a simplistically beautiful rose-floral accord that is an admirable and creative achievement.  I would think very highly of this fragrance if it weren’t for that unrelenting violet note.
neutral I want to like this perfume so much.  I love the bottle, but I completely agree with Lorettagrace: Baby Powder!  I put it on, and smell nothing but baby powder for 5 hours, then I get a hint of something deeper and more complex, but it is so faint.  Fortunately I like the smell of baby powder, so my 1ml sample will be used. I just can't bring myself to spend designer perfume price for the beautiful bottle of liquid baby powder.  
neutral The rose introduces the violet and dissappear in the first minutes. then a musky powdery sweet violet lingers on and on. i also get something ozonic (or dried clovers like?). Too sweet and too violet for my taste.
neutral I'm of two minds about this perfume, which seems to fit in with the split personality aspect of the perfume others have mentioned.  It isn't horrible... it's quite pleasant at times.  It's just that the violet in it smells of parma violets... there's a candylike aspect to the violet that can be a little bit cloying if the ambient temperature in the room or the season isn't quite right.  That being said, Parma violets do smell nice... and the sweetness isn't overly pronounced.  It's just that I would rather eat parma violets than wear them!
neutral Kenzo Flower is almost a copy of  of Leutece and Ombre Rose.  Magic Dreams is an acknowledged copy of Kenzo flower but I think it is much better.  Magic Dreams is dryer and blunter and less sweet and less powdery than Kenzo Flower.  Kenzo Flower is overly powdery and cloyingly sweet; Magic dreams is more buttery and has a fresher and smoother dry down. 
neutral Flower by Kenzo EDP and Parfum comparisonLeft arm: Kenzo Flower EDPRight arm: Kenzo Flower ParfumNot sure if this was mentioned in previous reviews, but these seem to be 2 different fragrances, irrelevant of concentration.On first spray, the EDP is a bit like play-do or latex rubber. It is not as "rubbery" as the latex note I get in Sarah Jessica Parker Covet or most of the Gaultiers, and it has quite a bit a fruit up front, sort of a peach-orange combination (nectarine?) along with a synthetic floral bouquet. Ok, ok, it is a fruity floral with some lactonic "milky" quality. Within 20-30 minutes, the sharpness of the fruit & flower softens to a bit of a soapy note, and is a little bit tart or sour. In fact, it is almost a plastic smell, or maybe a bit like old lipstick (sort of waxy). It reminds me of those dolls that have scented hair. Not bad, but if I had to base my decision to purchase on this one wearing, I would give it a pass.The parfum initially has more emphasis on the latex note with less fruit, and is more powdery with what seems to be a light amber. I would not say it is significantly heavier or stronger than the EDP. Rather, it is more resinous and rich, maybe more of an evening scent. The florals are less bright in this one, probably tempered by the amber notes. Of the two scents, it has more of the same qualities of Kenzo Amour, which I love. Unlike Kenzo Amour, Kenzo Flower Parfum penetrates my senses gradually with softness. I find it more in the "Amour" family than the special edition Indian Holi (which basically smelled like Amour with red cinnamon candle wax). However, the amber notes are not stellar, and with the sourness of the fruit and floral wafting in an out, I am not sure this one is FBW either. Having said that, it is definitely the more enjoyable of the two!Much later: Everything has dried down nicely...even the Kenzo Flower lost its dense waxyness to reveal a soft powdery floral underneath. Unfortunately I sensed hints of ammonia, darn it all, this aromachemical sensitivity!
neutral I'm just starting out with perfumes, so maybe I'll come to appreciate this one more as I gain experience, but right now the powdery note isn't something that suits me very well.  It dries down to something very like a marshmallow on me, which is a bit sweeter than I like my perfumes (YMMV).
neutral I can definitely smell the rose in this one and the sweetness sticks for a long time. Not my thing but I don't particularly care for heavy florals. I tried it once as it was my roommates and she adored the scent. She was from Brazil and said many girls there wear it.
neutral Starts out very promising, with a bright and uplifting opening, but quickly deteriorates into a fairly heavy, almost cloying, musty floral mish mash.  Perhaps it's my lack of experience, but I have a hard time detecting individual notes.  That would be okay if the fragrance was a 'symphonic floral' (to quote Luca Turin referring to 'Beyond Paradise').  Unfortunately, it's not. More like a poorly tuned high school band. Full on 'Meh!'
