positive Masculine citrus.  Sour, breeze-like.  Slight ocean breeze vibe.  Piercing, almost bitter vetiver.  Just a touch of rosy, pink pepper.  Elegantly blended.  The top flows into the heart effortlessly.  I enjoy this!

Bits of spice and mint stand out at times.  The base is smooth incense and woods.  I'd enjoy this on my man.  Well done!
positive Bleu and yellow. Sunny sea fragrance with a lot of citrus. A change for a fragrance that's intended for men. Could easily be worn by women.
positive A true Swiss Army knife of men’s fragrances. Great for just about any occasion, though never the best at any given situation.

Ultimately, a scent that I catch myself trying to get more of as the day wears on.
positive Christian Grey's white shirt, slightly damped with sweat.
positive A true EdP version of the EdT.  Thicker, fuller rounder but less sillage initially.  The difference is this will linger longer and form a nice cloud around you.

I don't necessarily like it better or think it is better than the EdT, you can't go wrong with either.  
positive Cold blue lasers turned
Fresh into fluoriental
Like a Coco Boss.
positive I smelled this trailing off of a younger guy in the establishment that I work in and it smelled really super nice! I'm a perfume snob to the bone and hadn't the slightest clue that this perfume he was wearing was going to be Chanel's Bleu of all the scents in the world, to be totally honest, I could've sworn to a T that he was wearing Al Haramain's Midnight Musk from their Exclusive Collection, it smelled almost exactly like it which is an awesome perfume in and of itself.

I'd like to comment on the sillage of this scent as the voting scale shows that Bleu is kinda weak, I beg to differ. The building that I work in is a large restaurant and all of the a/c intake areas are located in the back, so whenever someone is sitting near the entrance to the back of the house, the HVAC units will pull a nice trail of anyone's scent that's seated near the entrances. Well, I could smell this trailing from way far away in the dish pit which is a ways off although when I was near his table, his scent was not bathed in per se so, it was mild and pleasurable, not 'projecting' if that makes sense, Chanel's Bleu eau de parfum has an incredible sillage, a long one. It's very incensy with lots of amber, really warm smelling, the sillage that is. I loved it to pieces so much that I bought a sample for myself to try out.

My opinion from an outside nose is that this is actually a strong scent which I believe is one of those perfumes that you can never smell on yourself while wearing, thoroughly impressed me.

Edit: Funny story and this is the truth... I had ordered a vintage 80's scent from a seller in Italy of all places and when I had received the package, there was a sample of Bleu eau de parfum in it! I couldn't believe it and had to laugh as I'm kinda floored with this perfume. I have officially given Bleu a few proper wearings and although this scent is completely out of my genre that I usually like to wear, I truly enjoy this scent through and through. It's super smoky, sour and sweet but, these 3 different sensations do not clash, they work together in perfect harmony. Even though this scent 'does' smell blue, I seriously like this a lot.

As another word of caution, Blue eau de parfum is absurdly strong and long lasting so totally disregard that sillage scale up top there as this scent has some serious throw that projects continually at the same exact volume. I believe it is due to a moderate use of Iso E Super which is designed to push out heart and base notes continually which I'm sensitive to, but here it is used correctly and it's just enough that I can handle it unlike in Versace's Eau Fraicheur that's an Iso E Super bomb that Bleu eau de parfum just happens to resemble, 'slightly'. This could be as to why I find this scent über strong and others don't. Some people can sense Iso E Super and some cannot, the ones who cannot tend to find those perfumes that use this particular aroma chemical as weak and for the people who are hyper sensitive to Iso always perceive it as nuclear. Seriously, this is a killer scent but super powerful so apply lightly with maybe 1 spray or else it's instant olfactory fatigue. I feel strongly that over appliers of this kinda perfume will recreate a ghastly sillage, I'm talking to you 3+ sprays kinda guys. I literally wore 1 spray on my chest and it was an experience, I felt like I was almost choking myself for hours, this would probably be way better dabbed then atomized because as mentioned before, Bleu eau de parfum is super potent for endless hours.

Also, this perfume smells like 2 entirely different odors when sniffed up close and from afar. Up close it smells blue, from afar, the sillage that is, it's very warm, lots of amber and smoke which almost smells like a super smooth musk accord with the olfactory color of orange. Do this little test... spray some onto the top of your foot when you're at home and walk around a little, then stand there for a bit and walk around some more. You'll clearly smell the sillage that an outside nose is experiencing. Or better yet, spray some on a card, leave the room for a half hour and go back to that room and you'll experience the amber note in this. Synthetic yes but these are some of the best quality aroma chemicals being used here that have been blended properly. I'm not one to like or even love any kind of synthesized perfume but I'll tell ya, I really do love this scent. It just smells great and has been assembled with skill, nothing was skimped here as far as a designer scent goes. Sometimes I crave this odor, this is truly a fabulous perfume.
positive On my skin BdC EdP projects a huge cloud and lasts all day, so I am confused by some of the performance issues others called out. 

Smells very similar to EdT, just a little darker/deeper in those notes. 
positive I absolutely love this perfume. It was, and currently still is, my #1 favourite perfume to wear.

It has a sweet, jasmine, lightly citrus and minty opening scent. It lingers with a slightly sweet, aquatic, euphoric smell. It lasts on my skin around 1 to 1.5 hours. After that you can detect only trace amounts in the air around me.

All I got was compliments (from both men and women). It's not overpowering and not weak, it's the perfect medium.

In terms of notes, I found it weird that there was patchouli included in it, as I didn't get any scent of that when I had BdC on. I smelled the Jasmine the most and I think that's what I liked about it.


positive Sweet and minty and a little bit aquatic. There's sandalwood to make it more creamy. The wood and frankincense on the basenotes helps to control the sweetness of the citrus, ginger and jasmine. It's enjoyable but I prefer to stay with Green Irish Tweed which does this sandalwood/outdoor scent better IMHO.
positive Edited Review:

A sweet opening that has a note I really like. There's almost a Barbasol shave cream to the opening. In fact, it smells quite a bit like the Jack Black hair and body wash product, which is a very good thing in my book. There's a transition after the first 45 min to an hour, and I'm not as fond of the change as I am of the opening. It takes on a synthetic woods accord in the dry down that just isn't as good as the opening, but it's still not too bad. I do like this fragrance overall and I'm glad to have it in my collection.
positive It's a huge fragrance note party, and we're all invited!

Bleu de Chanel EdP is indeed a deeper, richer take on the original EdT.  Yet it retains a quality of its own, thanks to the large cocktail of ingredients!

Throughout the day, the fragrance seems to wear different "masks" depending on my skin temp and general environmental conditions - in an almost eerily living way.  The tangy notes of grapefruit and bergamot continually appear when I'm experiencing hotter skin temps, then the scent returns back to a peppery, gingery, woody quality reminiscent of Lagerfeld's Jako (which I'm not a huge fan of).  Bleu de Chanel EdP comes off as a skin scent in terms of sillage; the EdT appears to have a better "reach".

This fragrance shimmers through so many notes interplaying with one another in a semi-unpredictable way. It's not a "blue" scent as one would expect of, say, Kenzo or Bulgari Blu.  It is a hybrid formulation that is hard to pin down and different than other scents out there now; hats off to Chanel for the adventurous endeavor in constructing Bleu de Chanel EdP as a classy, reformulated flanker.

I can't say this would be my first choice of scents to wear in a crunch (compared even to the EdT, which seems more stable and accessible).  

So to me, this fragrance is good, versus AWESOME.
positive Love this stuff and it gets a ton of compliments from the ladies.
positive If you want something more serious than the conventional edt, this is the perfect go! Wish the sillage could be a little better though. Sometimes in warm days it does randomly perform like a beast however, but that is only sometimes.
positive It is a beautiful fragrance. Bleu de Chanel EdP is a real olfactory revolution.
Chapeau Monsieur Polge et Chanel!

positive This is BdC EDT's mature older brother. Opens up with grapefruit, and immediately you'll notice how much deeper, smoother, and richer the EDP is compared to the EDT. As it dries down, the amber & incense combo starts to take over. 
These notes are much more pronounced in the EDP, resulting in a more sophisticated fragrance.

This fragrance is versatile as well, just like the EDT, but it feels more suited for a more "formal" & "night time" setting.

The only issue I have with the EDP is this turns into a skin scent fairly quickly.

Scent: 8.5/10
Sillage: Below Average
Longetivity: Good
positive 
Not much to say here because this is exactly what Chanel claims it is: Chanel Bleu Eau de Parfum is a stronger, richer, longer-lasting version of Bleu de Chanel.  There are some differences between the two, but those distances fall well within the parameters of a genuine Chanel-Bleu-Intense-concept.  If you, like me, enjoyed and purchased Bleu de Chanel, you will likely enjoy this one.  It is an excellent fragrance.  

Me?  I’m perfectly satisfied with Bleu de Chanel. If I run out of it, or if I suddenly decide that it’s about the only fragrance I want to wear (not a chance!), I will purchase Chanel Bleu Eau de Parfum.  I likely won’t be buying because I am content with what I have and do not foresee using up my bottle. Plus I would rather spend my money on a couple of Chanel Les Exclusifs.

positive Smells like the edt version. The difference is that the edp version is slightly darker and richer. This has a slight wood note as well. Nice. 8/10

negative Disappointingly thin elevator guy type scent with no sillage and short duration. 

The idea is nice (aftershave), but the execution is sub par and an insult to the price tag.

One upside is that it's less synthetic smelling than the EdT.


2/5
negative This is a completely different beast to the delightfully frothy and tangy EDT.
Even the opening blast is sultry giving a grudging nod to the freshness of the EDT. It then settles down into something mildly synthetic and fougerie morphing into slightly metallic then settling into pure pepper on a bed of faded petals, fortunately with the pepper mellowing over time otherwise it would have necessitated a wash off situation.
I was hoping for a more mature and meaningful version of the EDT.
Nope. Just boring and generic.

Fragrance: 2/5
Projection: 3.5/5
Longevity: 3.5/5
negative  I can't believe this is from Chanel.It opens with a nice citrus and vetiver that drys down to a powdery amber scent.Very little longevity and silliage.A safe and generic smelling frag.At this price I was expecting something a little more imaginative and unique.

neutral A definite improvement on the edt (which was a thumbs down for me for its unwearable synthetic scratchiness). 

Compared side-by-side with the edt, the edp is noticeably more smoky/incensy, but I don’t find this evident when worn without the edt for comparison. The rough edges have been smoothed in the edp and it’s a much more enjoyable wear.

It’s clean smelling and versatile, but ultimately unexciting. I imagine people would ask you what body wash you use and not what fragrance you’re wearing. There’s nothing wrong with that, but nothing exceptional about it either. 
neutral Very pleasant fragrance.  After wearing a few times..just not 'me'.  I have taken it out of my rotation and looking for a new home for the bottle.  Only wore maybe 4 times with 4 sprays each.
neutral This is pleasant to smell, decent.
None offensive, office and every occasion wear. 

Opens very fresh and citrusy.
Then goes into the woody incense stage which is ok.

Nothing ground breaking, but deffo worth a try.

Scent 7- 10
Projection 5- 10
Sillage 5 - 10

Around 5 hours on me before skin scent

neutral Just like the original....Totally boring and uninspiring! 
neutral I said my piece on the whys and wherefores of the Bleu de Chanel (2010) line on the entry for the original eau de toilette that launched it, and despite every indication from the learned and scrupled crowd of male fragrance connoisseurs here on Basenotes pointing toward Bleu de Chanel being a vapid generalist sell-out, the overall effect of wearing the late coming Chanel entry into the aquatic genre by making a non-aquatic blue juice was actually pleasurable. Granted, an aquatic is an aquatic is an aquatic, even if it technically is not, as all the myriad children of Davidoff Cool Water (1988) have a very narrowly-defined blueprint to which they must adhere whether they have an aquatic note or not, if they wish to be recognizable for what they are to the layman, and that makes even Chanel's uncommonly sophisticated entry still a victim of the "if you're not a beer drinker" argument that states if you don't like the style, Bleu de Chanel still won't change your mind. With that having been said, taking the alternative concentrations route instead of the flankers route was a surprising move for Chanel here with Bleu de Chanel Eau de Parfum (2014), as everyone just so intently expected a sport, intense, eau fraîche, la nuit, or something other than just an eau de parfum option of the best-selling masculine. If you know anything about Chanel's practices with concentrations as per what they usually do with their feminine lines, you'll probably have already guessed that this is a slightly different composition and not just more perfume oil. Chanel had initially done this with masculines too right around the end of the 20th century, with entries like Chanel Pour Monsieur Eau de Toilette Concentrée (1989) or Égoïste Cologne Concentrée (1992), but it hasn't been since then that something like what we have here has appeared.

Four years after the release of the original mega-popular Bleu de Chanel, comes this EdP, and there still wasn't much competition then since Prada Luna Rossa (2012) didn't really light anyone's world on fire, plus we were still a year away from the launch of Dior Sauvage (2015), the biggest challenger Bleu de Chanel has in the ambroxan and norlimbanol loudness wars. The composition to the EdP therefore doesn't feel like a marked improvement or variation from the original release, much like Égoïste Cologne Concentrée wasn't much different from the original Égoïste (1990), but had a few of it's graphic equalizer sliders moved up a few notches while a few others are slid down. In practical terms, this means a similar but dialed-down opening achieved by a few top notes being moved to the heart for sustain, then more notes stuffed into the heart, which is where eau de parfums work hardest, then a shuffled-around base to make the dry down feel differently than in the eau de toilette to (attempt to) warrant a purchase. Drier and lighter notes like lemon and bergamot, join the peppermint in the top, while grapefruit, vetiver and pink pepper move downstairs to live in the middle here alongside the nutmeg, labadanum, and cedar, with jasmine and ginger also intensified a bit. The only new addition to the composition is an old-fashioned composite amber accord, which provides a vanillic sweetness that hides the scratchy harshness otherwise caused by ramped-up ambroxan and norlimbanol, which is something later perfumes in this style by other houses would seldom even try to do at all. Sillage is lower than the EdT but the burn is expectedly longer on skin, but is it really better? No, and in fact, I find this iteration of the 2010's Chanel masculine pillar to be less dynamic and therefore less interesting.

I've always sort of felt that the very nature of "blue juices" goes against them lending themselves well to being perfumes. Colognes or toilet waters in a synthetic but breezy crisp style definitely have their place and have obviously resonated with the general public for three decades now, but their lightness is actually where their appeal lies, and to take that away is to doom their effectiveness as what they're intended to be. Simply put, Bleu de Chanel Eau de Parfum is a freshie that isn't fresh, and there will never be wisps of that effervescent and bouncy top past the opening 15 minutes like there is with the original eau de toilette, just a DMV waiting room of sweet florals, spices and synthetic base notes meant to simulate the comfort of real woods and animalics like cedar or ambergris, and it's all very "Glade Plug-In" at that point once the top is neutered on their behalf. If Chanel had wanted this to work better, they should have asked Jacques Polge to just totally reinvent it as a new scent like he did with Pour Monsieur Eau de Toilette Concentrée, which is a warmer, richer, altogether different experience than the original Chanel Pour Monsieur (1955) from Henri Robert. This isn't bad, but has the olfactive effect of digitally remastering an album to be louder, squishing the dynamic range in the process, and losing both crisp highs and deep bass to clipping in favor of terrorizing you with a crackly midrange vocal track which makes even the best set of speakers sound like a muzac system in the very same DMV mentioned above. Come on Chanel, you know better. More of a "good" thing isn't always what we want.
neutral This scent is safe. This scent is familiar and not terribly inventive.

The opening is sweet, a kind of fruity musk. There's a purple Starburst somewhere in my childhood. BDC EDP smells just like that at the onset.

Beyond that it dries into something a bit metallic, a bit generic. I detect an ambroxan that isn't listed in the notes. It fits in the same bucket as Sauvage, ADG Profumo, and Dylan Blue. I think it's near the bottom of these types of fragrance.

The EDP isn't too far from the EDT, so comparisons between the two don't carry much weight with me. This seems to be about the same in its scent profile but with a better performance.

Again, it is safe, and it works in most situations.

Wear it to work, wear it day or night, wear it socially. 

This is the kind of fragrance worn by someone who only owns one fragrance.

Scent: 4/10

Longevity: 7/10

Sillage: 8/10
neutral I really do not get on with this style of perfume. A good, interesting opening, the "blue" nicely executed in marine notes, ginger, and pepper. But after that... suffocating and uniform. Where are the Chanels that make a statement?
neutral I will be harsh to this scent. Probably do not deserve this, but Chanel for me is going the wrong direction with male fragrances..

Originality of scent is way to alike modern smells not maybe with composure but with a philosophy how it should smell.

Opening is blast of citrus/bergamot/peper and although it is nice smell it can be unpleasant because of combination citrus and peper.
In middle of life of perfume is actually is most quality of this scent, such a nice balanced combination of notes.

Plus ofc is longevity of perfume which is on the level you want of this smell and silage is maybe more for clubs, to be noticed. This last maybe kill the option for work but in big space is ok.

Maybe if this did not have mark of Chanel could be no. 1 hit but really I except something unique from this house on the level Egoist and Antaeus.     
neutral To me this smells like a locker room at the gym. But not any gym! A fancy one. It's like a really posh, well constructed shower gel. Very fresh and clean but ultimately, very generic. 
positive Modern & Sophisticated...

So, I tried the <i>Eau de Parfum</i> version before trying the <i>Eau de Toilette</i>, but I have since tried both side by side. My impression of this one is that it is definitely "woodier". It starts off with grapefruit and incense, much like the <i>Eau de Toilette</i>, however I would say that this one starts off where the <i>Eau de Toilette</i> heart and dry-down occur. So it has less of the bright, citrus top-notes and more of the woodier, mossier notes. I also detect vetiver and amber. There is less of the pink pepper, sparkling grapefruit opening of the <i>Eau de Toilette</i>. This is why when I think of this I think I would use it for more formal events.

Overall, with this <i>Eau de Parfum</i> I think of this as the "night" version of <i>Bleu de Chanel</i>. It strikes me as something more formal, compared to the casual, more versatile, laid-back nature of the <i>Eau de Toilette</i>. This is the version I would choose between the two, just based on my initial experience. But each version has it's merits. I think this would be great for any formal event which requires a man to wear a suit, or dress code. Perfect on a date, and for a man with wealth and experience. Extremely good effort by <i>Chanel</i> with this one.

positive Like the original but smooth and more intense.
positive Deeper, richer and more dense than the EDT. Is it better though? EDT has its own charm and merits. EDT is more sharp and brash and that's what I actually like about it.

EDP is more of a gentleman when compared to the EDT.
Are they both great? Depends. They're generics, simple fragrances done well. That's actually ok!

Are they both worthy of collecting? Yes, absolutely. Still I prefer EDT but just for a margin.

Originality 4/10
Scent 8/10
Longevity 8/10
Projection 7/10
positive Indeed better then the EDT do not like that one,but this is amazing stuff much richer and smoother and more of a gentleman version...
positive An amazing scent.  Very unique IMHO and a top 10 in my assortment of EDTs and EDPs in my collection.  My wife bought it for me on our wedding day and it is by far her favorite as well. High quality scent great opening (I can really smell the peppermint, vetiver and grapefruit) well blended with the woody notes. Projection is above average with about 4 hours of solid wafting.  After wearing for 7 hours it is a close to the skin scent. Enjoy.
positive Bleu de Chanel EdP, is a slightly richer , more rounded version of the EdT.  I like both versions, but prefer the EdP.  The main difference to me is that the citrus in the opening is not quite as sharp and the base is less powdery.  Overall the EdP seems deeper and slightly richer, but that's really quite a subtle perception between the two.  Unlike some reviews, I can't see any reason to own both, but my instinct in scents isn't quite as well refined as others.

Elegant, masculine, lady pleasing.  A must for any wardrobe, IMO.
positive Bleu De Chanel is a well rounded, unashamedly masculine fragrance with a crowd pleasing opening which then veers into a darker mix of vetiver, incense and mint, all kept polite by a dash of amber. It is a great introduction to fragrance development for people starting out in this hobby. The ingredients are high-quality and it performs well.

It is basically a vetiver fragrance with flair. Nothing wrong with that.

I see Bleu De Chanel and Dior Homme heading different directions for mens fragrance. I prefer the more masculine of the two. Bleu stands the best chance of stopping the unisex trend in men's fragrance, a trend that is responsible for abominations like Polo Red.
positive This is much more thicker, deeper, smoother and softer variation of  Bleu de Chanel than EDT, the most describing adjective is imo more SENSUAL - more quiet and lacks the sharp edges of the EDT . It's a very nice variation and can be worn at the same time with the EDT.  I get more woodiness and amber than EDT and maybe some tonka (?) as well.  The longevity is slightly better than in the EDT but projection and sillage are like typical for an EDP, toned down, this works closer to skin.
The relation and idea between Bleu EDT and EDP is comparable with Allure Homme Sport EDT and AHS Eau Extreme.

I like the idea of owning both EDT and EDP of this one, because they both smell really gorgeus but work in a different way - one can choose to wear whichever suits more to the specific time, place, situation and the mood of the wearer, or even wear they both at the same time -  both receive full 5 stars for me and I count them to the masterpieces of Jaques Polge, the perfumer.

The 150 ml bottle can be bought for about 100 euros, likewise Allure Homme Sport Eau Extreme.  Any other bottle size is overpriced if you calculate the price/ML ratio, this applies to fragrances in general of course, but especially in Chanel ones.
positive Bleu de Chanel EdP is a delicious blend of wood and spice that has good projection, is long-lasting and smells the same on skin and cloth. I rate it highly and thoroughly recommend it to those with a soft spot for woody fragrances.

negative Terrible and synthetic nightmare. The worst Chanel fragrance ever released. I'm really scared if they're going to continue making such "scents".

Indeed, what you can smell in here is plastic, kind of melted plastic. Reminds me a lot of Paco Rabanne Invictus, this one is thicker and less "fresh".

The worst Chanel I've ever tried in my whole life, no joke.
negative just imagine the edt opening for several minutes than a plasticky nightmare drydown sets in

positive I often find myself asking "would I wear this but for the hype?" I still don't know the answer to this.  I wore this on my wedding day.  I narrowed down to 5 different scents and went with this one b/c a guy said it's the sexiest of scents.  

This scent does not equal sexy to me.  It equals playful and young.  (I married at 40).  I don't mean it's immature....I mean that you can be mature and wear this and you won't smell old. (hope that makes sense).  This is the opposite of scents that I gravitate towards.  I like heavy, chypre, oriental scents.  I basically like to smell like what I imagine Joan Collins smelling like on dynasty. But this scent fills a need for me.  It fills that sweet spot while being sophisticated at the same time. The complexity is astounding.  

Some say it's polarizing.  They say they smell it everywhere.  I don't.  I have only smelled this scent on me.  The longevity and silliage are both insane.  This just keeps going and going and going.  I think it can be worn anytime of year, but feels too "happy" for fall and winter for me.  But if I need a pick me up during those months this is for sure something I would reach for.  
positive Salted sugary cotton candy with something alluring and seductive. The more I wear it the more I am seduced by the sweet unique smell. I cannot help but like it. 
positive 5/5 without question. Worth the hype. It's everything I want in a fragrance when I go out. It's distinctive, sexy and projects powerfully.

Yes it's completely synthetic, yes you'll probably smell it all the time at high-end restaurants in Beverly Hills now and yes it's 100% worth it's price.

Performance is fantastic. I have jackets where this is still lingering 2 weeks later, in the best way possible. Projection is second to none.
positive Just tried this for the first time and woww... 

Everything I heard about this scent is what sparked my interest in perfumery again earlier this year, after nearly a decade. In fact, before I heard of this scent I didn't know Kurkdjian has his own fragrance house. Bought it not soon after the discovery, yet I refrained from trying it for over half a year, until now.

This is really something guys. And I'm critical towards MFK, believe me (or read my reviews). The opening is smooth and sweet, mandarin ambery and resinous, like a lightweight (frank)incense. 

As if there's liquid incense mixed with orange blossom honey. The incense vibe seems perfectly integrated with the orange, that to me also comes across as orange blossom. 

In the drydown the orange makes way and you get like only the best, masculine notes that are in Tabac (leather, wood, ambergris). The leatheriness stemming only from something oak moss contains, evernyl. Yielding a fine, powdery leather. Seems MFK picked exactly those (sub)notes which is perfect! Thanks to Baccarat Rouge 540 I can now also confirm the ambergris note in Tabac as I've never smelled it by itself. It's stronger in here though (the ambergris). As expected: fir balsam and ambroxan being present and highlighting it. 

BR540 is not a linear scent, it's turbulent! I don't think I've experienced that before in a way where such unpredictability is... laudable and must be 'calculated' so to speak. 

I like it a lot. I don't see any particular incense note in it now that I'm checking the notes. It must be the fir resin and the marigold. After looking up what marigold actually is I only have one drawback, a personal flashback and that is that I've smelled this flower as a kid and it doesn't particularly smell good. If I hadn't looked marigold up however, I wouldn't have recognized it. It feels so in place in here, unbelievable.

positive From October, 2016:

Baccarat Rouge seems almost too simple at first. You get a light whiff of something sweet--a vague cotton candy note over a nondescript synthetic woods, and an odd off-note that smells strangely like glue and...that's it. It seems unfinished. Incomplete and empty. Flat. But then you wear it again a couple more times and suddenly it opens itself up to you. The sweetness becomes addicting, bolder and harder to label. It's not like cotton candy at all really. The woodiness holding it together develops a fuzzy texture and you notice its tenaciousness on your skin and that its deeper than you first perceived. The fir resin becomes the star of the show, presenting something more in line with the sweet sap of a pine tree than an artificial candy. Beneath it there is a warm, alluring nuttiness that permeates the scent. It jumps out even more on fabric causing your shirt to smell wonderful. It blends with the sweet and I'm reminded of Boston Baked Beans.The next time you wear Baccarat Rouge the jasmine shows up, adding a new dimension to the opening, a pretty touch of florals to help balance the sweet woody aroma that dominates. Suddenly, the fragrance is not as simple as you'd first thought. This is an addictive smell that gets better and better the more you wear it. It's a compliment magnet. I haven't met one person who dislikes it on me and in fact I've received positive comments from complete strangers (which almost never happens to me). It seems to genuinely make people happy and draw them in. When you wear this, you'll catch wafts of it throughout the day, and you'll think "mmmm...something smells really good," and at first you might not even realize it's you. The same happened to me when I began wearing Amyris Homme. But then you realize that indeed, the smell is coming from you, and more specifically, from Baccarat Rouge. Then you're hooked. It's been chided for being cloying and overly-sweet and synthetic, but I actually find the composition to be on the subtle side. It's no shrinking violet but it's not loud in any way, and it's not obnoxious. Its different aspects reveal themselves patiently, everything's not upfront and in your face. Sample this, to see if it has the same effect on you, but be sure to wear it at least two times. I recommend three. Baccarat Rouge is quickly becoming a favorite of mine. It's a pleasure to wear and it seems to be received remarkably well. Thumbs up!

UPDATE: It's August, 2019, and I still love this stuff. Even more, in fact. 
positive I am more on the side of like for Baccarat Rouge 540. I disagree with the hospital or dentist vibe which many have claimed, but I do agree with what others have said about the funfair aura this fragrance emits. When smelling Baccarat Rouge 540 I immediately think of the funfair: toffee apples and candy floss, surrounded by traditional Gypsy caravans immobile on the cobbled streets. I get the feeling of being outdoors on a cold evening encompassed by wood, stone and confectioneries: yes, the funfair! 
positive This is on my Mt. Rushmore.  I'll admit it's a bit sweeter than I typically lean, but just the same, it's performance and attraction are undeniable. 
positive The most delicious pair of rubber gloves you ever smelled.

It stands out.  Leans feminine. 
positive Do not allow yourselves to be tricked
By this notoriously excellent and highly unorthodox fragrance
That's pretending to be something else.

Second opinion:

Somebody mixed up
Earth, air, fire and water in
The wrong proportions.

Third opinion:

I refuse to buy
Stolen information, this
Tire fire in heaven.

Fourth opinion:

Olfactive psy-op
To make us sympathize with
Burning museums.

Fifth opinion:

Divine trickery
Mixing up good and evil
In new-fangled ways.

Sixth opinion:

We may not need whales or oceans any longer for the sake of perfumery, but this fragrance shows that we owe them both a debt of eternal gratitude.

Seventh opinion:

Repeat after me:
Radical abundance is
Gonna be some fun.
positive Lovely composition.  A sweet, crisp, elegant, and satisfying treat to wear.  
positive This is a stunning fragrance. It's almost as if you have this fruity/sugary/strawberry/light woody smell that you can't quite get to because it is enclosed in a bubble of water. Sounds weird but if you have tried it you will know what I mean. Someone once told me while I was wearing BR that it was the most wonderful thing they had ever smelt. 

Very elegant, Very classy & Very sophisticated. Lasts forever! 


positive Mmm... Baccarat Rouge 540 is fabulous. It is crisp and clean and lasts longer than you do. The burnt sugar accord is very prominent and reminds me of Josh Meyer/Imaginary Authors Saint Julep without the mint, just a little in the opening. Baccarat Rouge however feels and smells nicer in my opinion. I'm also reminded of another fragrance as BR 540 dries down, and that's Slumberhouse's Sadanne. There's something that smells similar to me. Baccarat Rouge 540 is much more subtle than Sadanne, but there is something similar to my nose anyway.  I believe it may be the coniferous Fir Balsam note, as Sadanne definitely has the sweet aspect like BR540, with a coniferous aspect as well in it's dry down. Baccarat Rouge is smooth and feels incredibly well blended. I'm thoroughly enjoying this in such a way that I know I'm going to want a full bottle. The burnt sugar is lightly tinged with a floral softness that never becomes overbearing. It's a perfect balance between the sugar, florals, citrus, aroma chemicals, cedar and fir balsam as far as I can tell. It is quite linear, but increases in conifer and decreases just a bit in sweetness as it lasts and lasts, causing you to smell like a much classier dude than you really are. This one hits all the marks for me. It will be in my wardrobe eventually.
positive Bit more of a personal perfume than a room-filling announcement. 

I like it because it's smooth, simple, and sweet. It lasts a good long while. Is it worth $300? Eh, I dunno. But I love the cachet and the branding, so... sure! 

I purchased the 10mlx5 travel vial set with the golden atomizer from the MFK site in France for $235 and am quite pleased with my good deal.

This is an excellent "I don't know what I want to wear, but I want to smell good" perfume. It's like a refined, crisp white shirt paired with a good pair of jeans.

It is linear, but it's more expensive than what the other girls are throwing on from Sephora, so while it may be basic, at least it isn't common.

I hope this will be my go-to "I don't know what to wear, so I'll wear this" perfume for quite some time. It's just... easy.
positive I was really surprised with this one. Before I visited MFK section for trying A la rose, I didn't imagine that I will bring Baccarat at the spot. 

I think this one is very special... even the bottle has very special mood among MFK products. It smells like sugar, caramel and leather - very subtle and hard to explain its specialty. It is certainly sweet mood for the first time, but I can feel sophisticated layers in it.  

I think this one is extremely good for cold seasons. Because of its longevity, I often feel good when taking my coat off after coming back home. Highly recommended. 
positive This is ALMOST a teeny-bopper fragrance, gourmand, sweet sugar fragrance but there is something that pushes it into a more sophisticated league.  If I was marketing this, I'd put it in a "Hello Kitty" bottle. Just saying...
positive This one deserves more love... I don't get how people can actually dislike this fragrance ! It is a MASTERPIECE.

The scent is out of this world, if you are into sweet "cotton candy vibe" fragrances this is probably the best out there with Acqua e Zucchero from Profumum Roma.

The sillage with this one is stellar. The longevity aswell.

You might think that it is gone after a while but trust me, this fragrance is BEASTMODE and will easily fill a room without you noticing it.

Since it might not be for everyone, I would not recommand you to blind buy this, sample it first :)

Best wow factor/compliment getter from total strangers aswell. Enormous thumbs up for BR540 !
positive Roasted coffee mixed with that condensed milk smell from Angel, topped with flowers and mint instead of the lavender you usually get with perfumes like this, so the roasted coffee is at the forefront.

It's not bad, and I'm giving it a thumbs up, but there's no way to review this without mentioning the mountains of hype surrounding it.  I smelled it back when it was $4000 and was shocked that it didn't even bother to try to smell expensive.  There's no upfront expensive ingredients, and it's actually quite weak in concentration. 

I cannot even fathom paying $4000 for this, and honestly, it's overpriced in its $300 bottle as well.  The advertising and in-store hoopla around Rouge 540, treating it as the second coming of perfume, a world-changing arrival of new levels of luxury, is just laughably grotesque considering this is just another remix of Angel that's not as good as Angel.  It's worth a sniff and if you've got the money, you could certainly do worse, but don't believe the hype...

negative Don't understand the hype about this fragrance. It smells like bubblegum with smoke or something with it. Way too sweet and cloying. I prefer Grand Soir and especially the wonderful and beautiful Oud Satin Mood to this.

3.5/5
negative I first smelled Baccarat Rouge on paper and got a huge glug of that candy floss and burnt sugar chemical so beloved of celebuscents and something that shouted BERRY in a vocodered voice. So far so like the ultra-sweet gourmands that many young women wear these days that will choke any available stairwell or elevator, but this one seemed buffed to a sheen, and a blotter with a single spray seemed to keep calling to me from the far end of the room. Not the kind of thing I normally go for but it seemed to hold promise. Could Kurkdjian have offered us something addictive and startling in this most trashy of genres? 
But on skin, disaster could not be averted, for alongside the sweetie cloud there was a pervasive iodine and ozone hospital corridor smell and a sharp metallic clang that put my teeth on edge. Here it seems was the woody amber from hell, hell-bent on giving aromachemicals a bad name.  I think it is aiming for some kind of dense yet transparent trick but ends up as widescreen soup with bits in it that you wish rather weren’t. Pretty linear and stretches from here to eternity. 

negative Another overhyped dud that has me thinking the fragrance community is nuts.

On my skin anyway, this fragrance is pointless.

I get a very faint, slightlg sweet/medicinal/mint type of scent, that doesn't project much. It's a muted skin scent from the onset and doesn't get much better I'm assuming (washed it off after a couple hours).

Smh @ the hype for this fragrance. I wouldn't pay $2 for this, let alone $200 for 75ml.
negative Nope, not a fan. I can barely tolerate thorough sampling to give a fair review. I really like the idea of this scent. Saffron is a favorite note, and the listed base including fir and ambergris sounds wonderful. Unfortunately, what I get is a fizzy, super-synthetic spiced floral cola opening accord (not a bad thing in an of itself) backed by a nuclear burnt sugar, Windex and metal accord (which most definitely is a bad thing in and of itself). 

I may be sensitive to an aromachemical in here somewhere, but I am not exaggerating when I say this is strongly unpleasant, and borderline revolting to my nose. 

Strong thumbs down. 
negative Opening for this is very pretty and you certainly get a sense of solidified burnt sugar, crushed back into granules.
And then to my nose, not much else happens here. It is certainly different, but the one thing that makes this a no for me is something in the base. I will have to guess it is the fir balsam. I am getting something stale and sour and not enjoying it at all.
The way this thing was hyped last year may have contributed to my disappointment here.
Tested from official MFK sample purchased on website.

neutral The longevity and silage, for me, were greater than I have experienced on most other fragrances - 1/2 sprays really does plenty for the day. It really lingers on fabrics too, even smelt it on my cuff after washing a shirt!! 
If these were the only factors in evaluating this fragrance, it would get 10/10. I can't emphasise enough how crazy the silage is!!! Everyone around you will smell it.

Despite this, the actual smell of BR540 became sickly for me very quickly. Maybe I overused it when first purchasing, I don't know, but I no longer wear it due to the highly synthetic sweetness. The entirely-synthetic makeup is one of a kind, but not a big hit for me. It definitely smells better in the masses of silage it leaves behind, but on me personally it gives me a headache and I have to wash it off. I get a mixed array of compliments, from 'it's too feminine' to 'you smell incredible!!'.

The story behind this fragrance as well as the how it's made is the real uniqueness here; I would urge anyone to try it if they see a tester bottle when next shopping in store. Overall I am pleased I tried this fragrance, but I would not buy another bottle at the current retail of £200/70mL. Other MFK fragrances such as Amyris EDP, Grand Soir and Oud are much better!!!
neutral A very light fragrance, to start.  It's more like a whisper.  The most noticeable notes are saffron and marigold.  It's a lovely combo.  Then, only the lightest hint of jasmine.

This frag stays light.  The middle is a cross between vague, outdoorsy, country aromas and a delicate flower vibe...  It then turns almost sickeningly sweet but, still light and airy.  It's like burnt sugar and burned leaves...  Is this supposed to be so vague and "airy"?  It's like the mysterious, floor-level mist that surrounds and partly obscures, the nefarious eggs, in the movie Alien.  It's there - then it moves as I move.

The burnt sugar / leaf thing settles down and I'm left smelling sweet, wooden piles of woodchips.  The scent is still light, hazy, hovering.  A slight balsamic buzz occurs, too.  It's a ghost of a fragrance...  It lasts only four hours, too.
neutral Baccarat Rouge 540 (2014) is a fairly divisive and hyped perfume made by Francis Kurkdijan for the house of Baccarat, a revered glassmaker that unlike Lalique, never really tangled much with perfume outside a brief stint in the 1990's. Kurkdijan's creation was originally paraded around in a special coffret and sold directly by Baccarat until 2015 when Kurkdijan was allowed to release it under his Maison Francis Kurkdijan vanity label. Baccarat Rouge 540 is a purely synthetic creation, with all notes implied rather than denoting ingredients, and smells like a lot of different things at different times. The key to it's controversy among fragrance enthusiasts is the wildly variable performance due to these synthetics, which with their purity combined with the olfactory sensitivity or stamina of the wearer, can result in day-long enjoyment or evaporation in minutes.

If you look past the extremely high potential of anosmia Baccarat Rouge 540 has, it is a rather novel perfume, being a "sweet nothing whispered in ear" but in scent form. The opening is best described as a candied floral, with jasmine and saffron tones adding some dirty indolic spice to the yellow flowery sweetness of blood orange and tagetes. The heart is pure ambrox super and evernyl, each being an isolate molecule of ambergris and oakmoss respectively, imparting a rounded buttery warmth that causes much of the olfactory fatigue users complain about. The base is vanilla and woody amber molecules from norlimbanol and an old-school amber compound base whipped up with a wizardly number of captives with chemical names I'm not pedantic enough to list. You get a "rouge" tone throughout the scent's unstable life, and will catch whiffs of it all day without any steady throbbing sillage to enjoy. I'd imagine this is discreet enough for a signature but I find it too sweet for hot weather.

I don't love nor hate Baccarat Rouge 540, but fall into the group of people who can't perceive it for long due to the intensity of the aromachemicals at play. It's an enjoyable floral gourmand oriental experiment while it lasts, but then all goes poof, and for the price of $300USD for 75ml to own a fragrance that I could only tangibly enjoy for the first 15 minutes, I'm not sold. That doesn't mean MFK as a luxury house is without value, as there are a good number of inventive scents made by the "Maestro of Le Mâle", I just count this one as more show than go. If you're one of the lucky people with whom this clicks, power to you and I have no complaints, but if I wanted to wear disappearing ink, I'd just get some from the magic shop for a lot less than MFK wants for this. Solid neutral. 
neutral I can't believe I am writing a review for this stuff, given how much I hated this when I first tried it. I am no lover or liker of sweet scents, so my initial reaction is unsurprising.

This is really were perfumery breaks the boundaries of harvesting fragrance from flowers or extracting essences from natural sources. Baccarat Rouge 540 is pure and simple synthetic from top to bottom.

There is no development here. The scent is literally a very sweet candy floss note (caramelised brown sugar) with ambrox.

So why am I reviewing this scent? The answer is a very firm "I have no idea!". What I do know is that I just keep coming back to it. I still don't like the sweetness, but it is addictive and if it keeps saying to your mind "come back and smell me" it has to be a good thing.

I am holding back giving it top marks though as it has to be said that there is nothing natural about this. The marketing blurb suggests a note of saffron, but I simply detect a highly sweetened strawberry-like note. That's not saffron. It's a bit like how you get strawberry-flavoured yoghurts, which might well be pleasant, but taste nothing like strawberry, yet you keep wanting more.

That said and not being an oud fan, this is clearly one of the brand's better creations to my nose. Is it worth the asking price? I'll let you be the judge of that.
neutral Genre: Woods

Well, this is odd. 

I must be anosmic to most of what’s in here, because all I can smell is an enormous blast of undiluted Ambroxan. Take the synthetic "ambergris" base note from Green Irish Tweed, amplify it by the power of ten, and that's what I get from Baccarat Rouge. The extrait smells the same to me, though it might wear slightly closer to the skin. I’m honestly not sure what to think…

neutral I do not really enjoy wearing this one. There something interesting in the smell that keeps me from giving it a thumbs down. I imagine I might like the smell coming from someone else. On me, it's too much, and not pleasant. It's sort of a slightly-burnt caramel smell, with something such as the listed balsam fir note mixed in. 
neutral Stardate 20170629:

I remember sampling it in Bergdorf a year or so ago (2016) and it was more ambery saffrony and red. But the official sample is lighter and transparent. Perhaps things have changed with this one. My review is for the current version.
It is a  fairly simple italian style cologne with a sweet ambery base. Think AdP Colonia with touch of Jasmine up top and some amber and perhaps saffron and some musk.   
It is decent but pricey. Slight thumbs up
neutral Beauty is in the eye of the Beholder. Personally,  this one is not for me. A little too sweet and feminine for my taste. On the other hand I can see why folks would appreciate 540. 

Quality notes, just not blended correctly IMO. MFK could have done without the orange note. It doesn't fit in with the other notes.
positive The value of Baccarat Rouge 540 depends on whether one values the "raw ingredients" or "the artistry" involved.

I personally think that this is a super sophisticated and unique fragrance. Very well done.

Artistic interpretation:
Beautiful shimmering fragrance that smells like the reflection of glass or metal. Can feel both cooling or warming sensation depending on the whiff you get. It is both transparent and dense at the same time.

Wow, Francis Kurkdjian managed  to bottle the smell and sensation of crystals. Amazing!

Technical interpretation:
Sweet woody amber with citrus (tangerine)overlay that is cotton candy-like. Stays sweet through out. Not the worth price because of the synthetics involved.


positive I love it. Doesn't get the love it deserves. Some say it's too sweet or too feminine. I can name a lot more fragrances men wear, that come across way too Feminine.
The floral aspect in minimal. I get more wood. So I would say it's an oriental Woody. Well done by Mr. Kurkdjian.
positive Lots of fruit and florals with really good projection.  I only sprayed a few sample sprays and kept catching whiffs for hours and I liked what I smelled.  Wife said I smelled "too feminine" at first but then, later on said I smelled like "birthday cake".  Best way to describe it is cotton candy flowers.
positive Kurkdjian excels at creating well turned-out perfumes. Smooth, seamless perfumes with lovely olfactory shapes and pleasant profiles. Of course, he also makes Cologne and Absolue pour le Soir, two of the dirtiest roses available, so he’s not limited to olfactory pleasantry. Still, most of the Maison Francis Kurkdjian perfumes have a mannered quality. Where various perfume lines promise Arabian fantasy or minimalism or narrative, MFK offers the comfort of normalcy. Only better. MFK gives us the mainstream, but with a perfection that negates the inherent dullness found in middle of the road.

Take the Amyrises. They are luxe versions of what you might find on the department store fragrance counters at any given moment—they are designed to be. They might not draw your attention at a distance, but up close the fit looks just too good to be off-the-rack. They balance a prim detachment with a wink to let you know that there’s more here than just an idealized designer perfume.

Baccarat shares the refined, muted quality of the Amyrises but not their designer style. It is more abstract and uncluttered. The polish, the precious-metal glow that many of Kurkdjian’s perfumes have is there, but the shape is less conventional. It riffs on a mainstream sensibility, but less so than the Amyrises.

The opening of the perfume matches the the nearly-fruity scent of fir to a juicy orange but cuts the sweetness with a mineral edge.  The saltiness and a cotton-candy note circle each other, yet Baccarat 540 skips the lingering caramel predictability of the current run of praline perfumes. The specific notes seem to recede over time as large olfactory images come into focus.  A marine/ambergris shape gives a balanced, synthetic profile to the heartnotes. The sweet/nutty pairing holds together through the drydown giving a cozy coherence from top to bottom.

Unusual? Yes.

Edgy? Not in the least.

Interesting? Try it and see.
positive Wore this tonight and I can honestly say I had over 10 compliments. This fragrance really made me feel a certain way when wearing it and I have to admit I loved it! Great buy for me
positive good sillage and solid longevity, totally proper for males, very interesting mix!
positive WOW!! MFK hit a grand slam with this fragrance! I haven't gotten this many compliments since Aventus! 2 thumbs up!! Its listed as a feminine fragrance but this can easily pass as a male cologne!

negative I have to agree with ClaireV and drseid - this is just not good. I have much respect for MFK, and as a general rule, enjoy his creations, but this is not one for the shelf.

The opening is a blast (and I mean that with all that word contains) of saffron and some rotting fruit. Yes, rotting. It is likely a brown banana. There are fruit flies and I sense decayed sweetness. This is beyond banana bread - this is for the trash bin.

The opening also contains something far below, which I keep trying to figure out, but it's a pitchy note that I cannot identify. It doesn't work here. 

The structure falls apart for me and seems to just move amoeba-like for the remainder of the experience, which is really strange for an MFK. It went sorta flat - and I never did find the ambergris nor the jasmine, two notes I adore. I keep smelling something extremely fruity and so sweet, it turns my stomach. 

I am now off to scrub my wrists. Yes, it is that bad - at least for me.


negative Oh dear. This is rather unfortunate.

I have huge respect for Francis Kurkdijan as a man and as a perfumer. I own quite a few of his perfumes (Absolue pour le Soir, Eau Noire, Cologne Pour Le Soir), and greedily covet others that I don’t (his original Oud, Oud Cashmere Mood, Lumiere Noire Pour Homme, Enlevement au Serail). I’m hard pressed to think of a composition of his that I can’t at least appreciate, even if I don’t want to own it myself.

Baccarat Rouge 540 is an exception. Unfortunately, it manages to be the perfect storm of all the notes I hate, all of them converging at once to screw with my head. And it sticks to my skin like glue (ain't that the way it goes).

The top notes are pleasant, barely – a brief succulence in the form of oranges, saffron, and marigold that combines in such a way as to suggest a ripe red berry. For a moment, I am also reminded of the radiant freshness of his original Oud, a metallic brightness of spilled orange juice and yellow saffron powder. The jasmine here smells fresh, like a green-scent breeze moving through a line of cottons hung out to dry, and is reminiscent in its crispness of both Eau Sauvage and  Kurkdijan’s own Aqua Vitae – safe to say that rather than jasmine sambac or grandiflorum, this note is probably Hedione, a wonderful aromachemical that expands the lungs with a radiant, green jasmine sensation.

Unfortunately, the fruity floral top notes get swallowed up almost immediately by the powerful basenotes – and when I say powerful, I mean overwhelming. There is a potent cedar here that reads as wet, pungent, almost musky with that sour edge I dislike in the note, and when it buts up against the sweet, juicy top notes, the result is like throwing a thick pear juice onto a bed of ashes. This unsettling accord (fruit juice thrown into dirty ashes) is also what I experience from Soleil de Jeddeh by Stephane Humbert Lucas 777, another fragrance I’m struggling to get my head around.

The musky, sour cedar is quickly joined by one of the most obnoxious notes in all perfumery (for me personally), fir balsam. This note might make others think of Christmas, but to me, it always makes me think of sweat. Each of the five times I tried Baccarat Rouge 540, it dried down to this thin but obnoxious smell of dried runner’s sweat – I know it’s the fir balsam because I’ve experienced this once before, with Annick Goutal’s otherwise very lovely Encens Flamboyant. Pure sweat. It’s a hard association to shake.

The saltiness from the Ambroxan or ambergris note (whatever it is) doesn’t help much either. Its salty mineral smell brings a pleasant outsdoorsiness, yes, but it also brings forward that sensation of feeling your skin crackle with dried sea salt, sweat, and sun tightness after falling asleep on the beach after a swim. Pleasant in perfumes such as Eau des Merveilles, but joined with the wet, musky cedar and the sweaty fir balsam of Baccarat Rouge 540, it’s simply one drop of sweat too much. Some will find this salt-sweat note very sensual, sexy even - but it just makes me want to go take a shower.
negative Baccarat Rouge 540 opens with a brief dash of saffron spice infused dulled orange before quickly moving to its heart.  As the composition enters its early heart, the orange morphs to a vague, slightly transparent and relatively sweet fruity floral jasmine accord, as powerful woody amber takes on the starring role, with significant powdery oakmoss and fir balsam support.  During the late dry-down the composition remains highly linear as the powder infused woody amber continues to control sans the jasmine and sweetness, now with mild cedarwood support through the finish.  Projection is very good to excellent and longevity outstanding at nearly 24 hours on skin.

What a stinker Baccarat Rouge 540 is.  I knew in seconds I would detest this composition, and sadly after a couple full wearings on skin my opinion hasn't changed.  The initial dulled orange is tolerable, but that only lasts five seconds before the composition turns cloyingly sweet from the woody amber, and extremely powdery from an unpleasant and poorly implemented oakmoss and fir balsam tandem that is suffocating to the powder averse like this writer.  As the composition is highly linear, things don't change much all the way through the finish, letting the nose torture continue on and on... and on.  In truth, there really isn't anything I can say positive about the composition's smell as it is all bad, really.  At least on the flip-side for those perfume warriors that can tolerate wearing this scary stuff, the performance metrics, especially longevity, are absolutely outstanding.  So if you are insistent on wearing an early "worst new perfume of 2016" candidate (at least easily to the nose of this writer), you will live with this stuff all day and all night without any fear of it wearing off.  The bottom line is Baccarat Rouge 540 may seem like a relative bargain at its current selling price of $300 per 70ml bottle (as it originally was sold as a 250 piece limited edition in a fancy Baccarat crystal bottle for an eye popping $4000), but in truth $3 is paying too much for this "poor" to "very poor" 1 to 1.5 stars out of 5 rated horror. Spending your $300 at the baccarat *table* is a better investment.  

positive A sweet, minimalist fragrance.  I smell a 70's musk undercurrent.  Just the right amount of benzoin.  The caramel note is not as over-bearing as I thought it would be.  Prada Candy isn't bad at all, really.  I didn't expect to like it.  I imagined it would be tooth-ache sweet and well, it just isn't.

Not too loud, sweet, or dark - it would make a fine gift for a favorite loved one who enjoys perfume but, who isn't a total frag-head like most of us here.  It is just right, for a night on the town, too.  Big thumb's up for a designer perfume.
positive I like how this fragrance lives up to what I expected when smelling something named "candy" but it's not so literal of an interpretation that a single note is all that you get. (like Pink Sugar). I detect the caramel most strongly but there is a nice addition of benzoin which gives it the powdery dry down. The musk is blended so seamlessly that it doesn't even seem to stand out but it just adds something to the composition that keeps the saccharine sweetness at bay, as benzoin is also a resin sweetness that can make something smell a little like powdery maple syrup if overdone. Musk and benzoin together make a low key powder + woods combo which added to the caramel makes it more interesting and still recognizably sweet, but with a little something extra. 

It is somewhat linear in terms of development, but the scent is never overpowering or "too much" at any stage of wear so I do not mind. Sillage is more close to the skin for me, and that is probably due to the musk, but sometimes I like keeping my fragrance close to me and more intimate, which is what someone who considers gourmand/sweet scents a "guilty pleasure" might be happy to hear. This one will give whisps of a sweet scent trail but it doesn't just stick to you in a heavy cloud which allows you to not constantly smell yourself and get tired of the scent. Longevity is all day for me, 6-8 hours, which is about what I would expect from a standard designer scent release. I usually only apply about 2-3 sprays. 

I can't remember if this is an Eau de Parfum of Eau de Toilette and my bottle is not close by to check but regardless I think this is a nice quality scent for someone who likes sweet scents but wants a little more depth to it than just straight vanilla extract or burnt sugar. I've never regretted applying this once it's on, and also is very easy to layer with. 

I recommend anyone to test this scent on their skin but it won't be for everyone. It's a very middle of the road sweet scent so if you find youself on the extreme ends of the spectrum in your gourmand obsession or you just don't like sweet scents at all, you will not enjoy this one. If you can appreciate sweet scents with more going on beneath the surface, give it a try. 
positive I get fruit before caramel. Despite this note, I’d name it a light (only) gourmand. The opening is very alcoholic and clean musky, with a bit of flower as well. The projection could be better. 
positive If you've ever been to Main Street in Disney World there is a little candy shop where they hand dip caramel apples for sale.  Prada's Candy zooms me right back to my childhood staring at the hand dipped caramel Mouse-shaped apples.  Prada's Candy perfectly meshed together Kraft Caramel squares with a British toffee sauce into one cute bottle.  

Burnt sugar and milk together, with a hint of the musk to wrap it together.

Problem is, I don't want to smell like caramel and toffee all day.  Some do, I get that.  Simplistic gourmand, singular scent done well. 
positive When I first sprayed it on the paper, it smelt litterally nothing at all. Then I tried on my skin, same effect, nothing. I walked out of store disappointed and sniffed the wrist on my way home, that's when the yummy caramel starts show its charm.

It's creamy, smells almost pure caramel, slightly salty and sour to balance the sweetness. It's straight and doesn't evolve much, not sophiscated that's sure, but very efficient. It's a cheerful scent for autumn and winter. It lasts 8h+ on me and the sillage is not bad. If you're a fan for caramel, you really should give it a try, and be a little bit patient to well savour it.

I thought the bottle was tacky and the campaign looked silly. But after testing the perfume my mind changed completely. It's such a playful illustration for the perfume.

Originally written in 2013
positive As a girl who is quite obsessed with sugary sweets and products that show off my femininity, I knew I had to try Prada Candy. The name and the packaging seemed right up my alley, so I decided to give it a go. 

I used the little rollerball sample you can find at the department store and walked around for a bit, letting it settle in. The scent is exactly how you'd think a perfume called Candy should smell like: cotton-candy/caramel-y/sugary sweetness. It's not sickeningly sweet or cloying in the least. Combined with a little bit of musk, it gives it a nice note of warmth to balance it out. 

As much as I'm in love with this product, it simply doesn't have impressive longevity. Once I roll it on, in multiple pulse points I might add, it only stays for a couple of hours. However, I recently bought a full-sized bottle, and though I doubt it'll make much of a difference, I'll see how it does when it is distributed in spray form, on my skin and on my clothes. With just the rollerball, I find myself having to reapply often. 

However, considering this is one of the few perfumes that I truly love (a lot of perfumes are much too heavily scented for me and make me feel nauseous), the light, sugary scent of this is worth it. If you don't mind the hassle of reapplying, this really is a perfume worth looking into.
positive Prada Candy is a lighthearted, stupid/clever tribute to benzoin that's exactly calibrated to the point of of maximum resinousness.  Sure, it's sweet, but it's not any sweeter than, say, Shalimar, or most Guerlains, to be honest.  It's not the least bit edgy, but its emphasis on one of the geekiest notes in perfumery is borderline subversive.  There's no fake strawberry or confected "patchouli," and the alleged caramel notes don't smell gooey.  And there's no distracting vanilla.   Do the little girls that buy this know (or care)?  Even the citrus/floral combo at Candy's opening is restrained; it feels, almost, kind of, elegant.  It gives the early stages of the perfume a nice lift before it integrates quite gracefully into the composition, so that (despite its name) Candy smells like perfume and never turns too foody.

This stuff has a way of melting into skin and then just sort of emanating a kind of gentle softness, almost like the texture of a musk--you smell sweet, resinous skin rather than sweet, resinous aromachemicals.  Sillage is discreet, which is right where it should be; this stuff could get painful at higher volumes (benzoin-triggered headaches are the *worst*--for me, they always involve nausea).  And this stuff lasts, and lasts, and lasts; I have no idea what some other reviewers are talking about when they complain about its disappearing from skin.  It has be olfactory fatigue, because I can still smell it at eight-plus hours.

My only complaint about Candy is a slightly plastic musk that occasionally pokes through in the middle stages of wear.  But that bit of weirdness comes and goes, and eventually resolves in a drydown that restates the original resinous theme, garnished with a touch of something powdery that almost feels like iris.  Here as elsewhere (i.e., Infusion d'Iris and its cogeners), Prada's house perfumer Daniela Andrier demonstrates her facility with popular-but-interesting, fun-but-tasteful perfumes that any woman could wear pretty much anywhere and smell good without scaring the horses.

So, overall, Candy came as a pleasant surprise.  It's not complicated, but there's more to it than meets the eye, or the nose--whatever.  It reminds me of Marilyn Monroe (with those ridiculous glasses) in How to Marry a Millionaire--all wide eyes, blonde curls, bodacious curves, and wicked timing--with her quirky intelligence simmering under the ditzy surface.  

And I think the enameled bottle is kind of cute.  
positive It's a simply sweet, candy-like scent, but it's a sweetness that makes me smile and doesn't make me throw up. I find it tolerable on the sweetness scale. Very nice.
positive Is it me or are most of today’s mainstream releases intentionally concocted to wear exclusively close to the skin, with little to no sillage?

Prada Candy is a frustrating example, a luscious gourmand interwoven with an intriguing smoky note that at times smells like burnt sugar and at others like stale cigarette ashes. It’s a wonderful, extremely clever scent, and one that I’d love to wear more often. But the only way I can enjoy is to continually huff at my wrist. Which just looks silly in public.

Edited 2020: 

Recently started wearing this again, and I have no idea what my initial experience with this stuff was about because now it hangs around forever. Which is a good thing—this stuff is fantastic. Upgraded to a Thumbs Up.
positive   Personally, I think both the name of this perfume and the girlie picture on the box are a bit misleading. Both of those things made me think that this was going to be one of those very cute, sweet, innocent types of scents. It really, really isn't. 
  Truthfully, this is a big, bold smoky-vanilla oriental fragrance, done in the same style as Shalimar. Or, in any case, Shalimar is what it immediately brings to mind. It is very bold and very sexy, but not really overly "feminine" or girlie. Actually, girlie is probably the very last word I would choose to describe this kind of perfume. The word "girlie" conveys a sense of "innocence" (to me, anyway) and this perfume is nothing of the sort! 
   It is bold, heavy, smoky, mysterious, dark and very, very sexy. It's great as an evening fragrance or for very special occasions. Although I like it, I don't think I would want to wear it every day. 
  PS: I've been wearing this now for a few hours, and actually, as others have said, this perfume is not all that long lasting. It kind of fades out after a bit. Also, yes, in the dry down I agree that it ends up smelling like ginger snaps! 
positive Salutation.

The name of this perfume describes the scent just perfectly: CANDY!PRADA CANDY tells everything at hello and will have him salivate and ask for seconds with its gourmand,yummy base under the polished charming heart and vanilla,musk and lush top notes of its scent. it smells like a well balanced lollipop not too sweet,not to sour. Modern,Creamy,Powdery, Girlish, playful, Vanillic,Charming and Delicious.

This scent is all about energy and seduction a plyful girl who will be attracted.cheerful and yummy notes of sweet vanilla with tonka bean,benzoin and musk with a sensual creamy base notes of caramel add comfort and warmth to this sweet scent which is as prettily charming as the girlish images that accompany its launch.

It reminds me of something a little girl would wear when playing dress up.this flirty scent is for a young girl to wear as it evoking images of flirtation and fun with a playful and active girl in a coffe shop when you have to eat a vanilla ice-cream.it is a daytime scent in Autumn/Winter.A nice gift for a birthday too.

Sillage?Nice.

Longevity?Above Average on my skin.

6.75/10

positive As others have stated, I'm not sure what prompted me to buy a 1 oz. bottle of this at $68 but buy it I did.  Overall, I like this perfume, I really do.  It is a HUGE departure from my usual "go to" perfumes; however in general, I like Prada Candy a lot.

Preparing for an upcoming cruise, I didn't have the time or the usual money to buy my beloved Aqua di Parma Magnolia Noble or Frederic Malle Musc Ravageur, etc.  So, off I went to Ulta to seek out perfumes.  With the Caribbean in mind and having recently used some Philosophy creams, I had candy, cotton-candy, bubble gum, pink and something sweet on my mind.  Initially, I was torn between Candy and Vince Camuto Amore but I settled on Prada Candy 'cause I disliked Camuto Amore's more floral dry-down.

This fragrance is very warm, dry, a bit powdery, simple & sweet.  Like others, I fail to detect much of this scent after I spritz it on myself; however others DO smell it and seem to like it.  Uncomplicated, the dry-down is definitely a tacky caramel base.  There is musk, vanilla...the usual sweet gourmand array of today's latest "pink" perfumes.  Unlike others, I do not find this fragrance overly strong, intense or sickeningly sweet in any way.

I must reiterate (as others have stated) that Candy is a very wearable, unoffensive, simple & pretty perfume.  I cannot see a young child or teen wearing this...in a funny way, it seems too "old" to be worn by a young person.  With that said, I think it will be fine for the cruise and for the upcoming summer.  Will see how I feel after using a 1 oz. bottle.  Not sure I'd repurchase it at this point in time.
positive This is sweet, but not as much as the name might suggest, and there's plenty of darker notes to add a balance. This stuff is pretty light and non-offensive. The sweetness makes it wearable for kids, but the structure behind the sweetness makes it ok for adults too. It's a little bit of an homage to Chanel No. 5, I think, with the sweetness providing the new signature. 

It smells a little like ginger snap cookies in the dry down.
positive Gorgeous perfume, it receives a lot of compliments but I don't smell it nearly as much as I'd like to?
The bottle is cute.
positive Got this perfume among others for Christmas. At first I thought that I wouldn't like it, simply because of the name 'Candy'--way too little-girl, and I like feminine, bold scents--but I tried it a few times and got a bunch of compliments. It's a very warm, dry, sweet scent. I like the caramel/vanilla blend, but there's an odd background that somehow makes this perfume more sophisticated. Overall, I like it...it's not my favorite, but it's something different, and I might even buy more if I run out.
positive Prada Candy was a blind buy for me, and I'm happy I took the gamble. I love sweet scents, and this is a grown up, more dressy and less "sticky" version of Pink Sugar. Candy is sweet, but also has a dry, powdery hint when first applied. It dries and lingers with a caramel and musk (?) vibe. 
positive Smells like plastic coated in sugar.

I imagine it would attract wasps.
positive I love most perfumes with a strong benzoin note, and vanille gourmands as well. This is heaven for me. I do get the similarities with l'eau Ambree (they seem to share the same base) and Infusion d'Iris though the latter is much to powdery to suit my nose. 

Candy is one I wear to bed dabbed in the crook of my arm at least 4 nights a week. The smell is so comforting and relaxing. I find it does smell very different dabbed than sprayed. It brings out the richness of the scent, and creates only enough sillage to smell oneself occasionally. Sprayed, it can become to sharp for my nose. It's as if the wrong notes come to the forefront, and the lovely base becomes too light. 

For those that think this disappears, I guarantee others can smell you! My MIL wears this, and after one spray In the morning, I can smell her later in the day... she smells fantastic! Also, I can smell this on my laundry for at least two days after I wear it. 

This will surely be one of my all time favorites long after it's popularity dies down. Send all your unwanted bottles my way, I'm hoarding this. lol



negative As a guy, I was curious to check this one out, being a fan of several of the men's scents from Prada.

The opening showed promise, with the characteristic camphor-like benzoin note and interesting caramel rich and sweet note.  It smelled like a decent, balanced oriental lady perfume that I'd not recoil from.  But...

The musk in the drydown has the smell of, well, slight lady's body odor.  It didn't come across as pleasant, but more so animalic in a somewhat undignified, unwashed way.  Too bad: At least from my pov, the musk could have been dialed back more, and the other elements could have stood out better.

Granted, my experience is purely from a male perception, coming from a sample vial sprayed on my hand. Take it for what it's worth.
negative    If you wish to smell like dusty caramel this might be your treat, but I just can't get behind this simpering sweet-toothed creation. As with many foody scents it overstays its welcome, so points for longevity, at least.
negative I received fragrance sampler kits from Sephora for Christmas.  I wasn't impressed with any of the included samples.  I was hoping Prada Candy would be a warmer, richer, more mature gourmand.  Instead, it is extremely sweet and dries to a burnt caramel finish.  This might be okay for a teenager, but I wouldn't recommend it for adults.

neutral This is a pretty scent, but I do not get any caramel in this. Perhaps I'm scent blind to whatever set of chemicals make up that impression. 

This has very strong powder notes with a hint of musk and a warm resinous base. If I didn't already know that there is supposed to be a candy caramel quality to this, I would have never known. I can't tell if I can smell a faint burnt toffee note (with some metallic hints??) in it or if it's wishful thinking. I will admit that I just ate milk chocolate toffee lace cookies. Perhaps that is overpowering the candy notes in this. I feel like I've smelled this once before and had similar difficulties, though. 

On dry skin in warm/dry weather this is a skin scent after about 20 minutes. Nary a sillage and lasting power is fairly weak at about 3-5 hours (determined by my own, as well as a second, opinion). Still, as I said it's a pretty scent, just not really one that reflects "me".
neutral The musk and the caramel opening reminds me of those Big Foot candies I used to get as a kid- synthetic "strawberry", plastic-like. 

Sometimes early on I get a whiff of something that almost resembles CK Be, with strawberry and musk instead of peach and musk.

The candy notes fade eventually and Candy becomes an inoffensive musky, sweet vanilla scent.

My girlfriend really likes it, I honestly prefer her Amazing Grace by Philosophy.
neutral Floral caramel plus candied-plastic-musky benzoin. Pleasant but kind of "anonimous". There is something vaguely minty in the blend, a sort of lingering aromatic-vanillic muskiness. I get the spicy-honeyed caramel, vaguely burnt-sugary, resinous and finally powdery. Caramel seems kind of honeyed, floral-infused (iris, gardenia, jasmine??), vanillic-cinnamonic and vaguely cocoa-veined, the note of benzoin is synthetic and somewhat cellophane-oriented. Appalling bottle. Nothing furthermore to add.
neutral Wow. I cannot smell a bit of candy, vanilla or musk in this. It almost smells like gardenia on me, but not quite. It does smell synthetic. Candy makes me sneeze, so I won't be wearing this and it doesn't smell good on me anyway. It is strange what body chemistry can do to a cologne.
neutral An opening dominated by overly synthetic white musks, with a drydown of strong benzoin-vanilla aroma.  Quite sickeningly sweet on my skin - I am sure sampling it can cause tooth decay. After a couple of hours a caramel base develops that is quite pleasant, and the base is the least cheaply done part.  Good sillage and projection, with a decent overall longevity of six hours.  Good before puberty. 
neutral I do really like the smell of Candy, it is a sweet toffee gaurmond but the throw & lasting power is very poor on me. I have to push my nose right into my skin, exactly where I sprayed to smell so I rarely wear the samples I got.. Not worth the price of a full bottle to me.
neutral Party GirlPrada Candy opens with the expected toffee and candy floss and then settles with a dull thud. I understand that candy is supposed to smell like, um, something that Barbie would wear to casual events and perhaps I shouldn't be disappointed; but I am. After about 15 minutes, the candy note still dominates, and a strange musk starts to emerge--a gross synthetic musk that seems to fight with the cloying c-c-c-c-candy. In 20 years, someone is going to write a review and point out that Candy smells so 2011.
neutral It opens with that caramel taste that you get when it's stuck in your teeth, that juicy sticky caramel.  But it has a fruitiness in the background, almost like there is fruit water somewhere there.  It is interesting how the caramel is ambery and is almost too sweet, but this is balanced out pretty well by the wateriness that feels like a mist of water drops has somehow mixed with it.  Please note:  This is only from the wafting - I haven't got to how it smells close to skin yet!

When I put my nose close to my arm, I get the familiar dry licorice wood of Serge Lutens Un Bois Vanille in there, and there's something almost salty in there.  It must be the dryness of the wood that is making me think of salt.  Either way though, the scent is much rounder and fuller on skin than it is when it wafts.  I will be honest; on my skin, the wafting could get cloying for a fussy person near me.  Other reviewers disagree, but then everyone's skin is different.

It dries down to a drier vanillic resin.  The caramel is always present, but I find the drydown (which occurs pretty quickly) very very similar to Un Bois Vanille (yes, I'll keep mentioning this one), but with a slightly saltier and less rounded drydown. I do like this part, but because I have something similar, I keep wishing the juicy caramel lasted longer.  It's just as well though - I might get a toothache if the sticky caramel stage lasted too long.

I will say this:  The fragrance doesn't change too much on my skin, but it does do something very unfortunate;  it gets eaten by my skin in a very short time.  Now, this would be alright if it were a cheap fragrance, but it's 50 Euro for only 30 ml!!!  Now that would be worth it if there was a) many hours of pleasure and b) some sort of complex development - but there isn't.
neutral I would never have even gone near this if I hadn't been buying a perfume for my daughter. I had gone to the Guerlain counter as any sensible mother would and we tried many. The lovely patient Guerlain lady asked her what smell she liked best and she said 'toffee'. The lovely SA then whisked off and bought her this one off another stand and it brought an immeadiate smile to the young daughters face. Caramelised toffee with vanilla musk and a dose of balsamic benzoin. I think I would rather eat it on ice cream myself, but certainly much less unpleasant than it sounds. It has a certain dryness, like a grown up sweetie more than a childlike one. More gourmand caramel with an orris feel. My young daughter absolutely loved it, so it does have a market.... I cannot give it a green as I couldn't possibly wear it, but it was fairly pleasant. I didn't hate it, and I expected to. It dries down to a really rather sophisticated dry burnt caramel orris musk.
positive Sharp opening.  Tea note isn't bad.  More like a strong tea, with sugar, no cream.  The top is nothing really special for me.  The heart is better, with a deep floral vibe.  Orchid, is lovely and noticeable.  Jasmine?  Nice.  Freesia?  Barely here.  The rose isn't strong, overdone.  Patchouli is sweet.  Overall a lovely "designer" frag but, not one I would buy full-bottled.
positive Floral sweetness incarnation. Good sillage, projection and longevity, but it gets fastly uninteresting. 
positive This is a lovely scent. Delicate, but full of presence. Earthy florals with a decent amount of sweetness. This has a lot of popular elements. I think, in the future, when people want to reflect on the scents of this time period, this will be closely tied to that scent memory (like how aldehydes tie to the 40s/50s). 

This has a moderate sillage for the first 2 hours and then it becomes a skin scent. Lasting power is about 7 hours on dry skin in warm weather. 

Beautiful and self-empowering sort of scent. Lends itself to romantic atmosphere, but not entirely inappropriate for work. Day or night. Thoroughly enjoy!
positive Salutation.

Yes FLOWER BOMB!A Needful example for any professional Collection.Definitely pure Tempting in a Bottle!Elaborate like all creates By Carlos Benaim& Olivier Polge.Classy,Romantic, Appealing,Expensive,Feminine,Gorgeous,Hot and Elegant.

The scent is definitely more Floral.In fact Sophisticated scent of Floral.The refreshing top of Bergamot.It is Sweet but not too sweet.Great notes that makes it High Class and Feminine as it command attention.

The bottle is as Bold as The scent.it is fantastic for ROMANTIC mood like a Bomb!A Beautiful perfume for a Beautiful Lady.Heavy for daily Use but Great for EVENING.Surely for WINTER.If you like a Expensive Smell for your wife this one just for you.

Sillage?Great.

Longevity?You can spray it in the Evening and it will stay with you until the Morning.

Thank You V&R

7.75/10 
positive Head-clearing top notes energize me.It wears down smooth and sexy.Don't know the vernacular yet, but I have the nose of a Bloodhound.I am EXTREMELY picky, there are only a handful of Fragrances I can wear without running to the shower and changing my clothes.I love it,from start to finish.
positive Flowerbomb to me is a sweet candy like smell which i love in a perfume, the bottle is also very nice. Unfortunately for me the perfume seems to dissapear after only a couple of hours. If you like Flowerbomb you could also tryD AND G POUR FEMME as this has a similiar smell to me,,,,,, In fact this is the one i choose first now before my Flowerbomb. 
positive Very, very sweet. I don't get the floral notes very much though. It smells more to me like a sweet shop (which is still very very very good).

When you spray this on your body, it is almost exactly like a bomb of sweets has gone off. The top note for me (which is quite surprising) is Candy Floss.

This is, however, a summer fragrance (even though it is not branded as such). In the winter this would smell almost... wrong.

I like this, and were it not for the existence of Loverdose by Diesel, I would have purchased a bottle by now.
positive Very sweet floral. The strangest thing is, in my mind the first notes I detect are of sugar-coated fennel seeds..the kind that are served as an after-dinner treat at Indian restaurants. Just don't understand how it could have descended from Angel..I hated that one..but quite like Flowerbomb.   
positive     I cant stop talking about this scent. When I wear it men turn around to find out what it is - I only wear three scents - this one, Christopher Dicas and Fracas- all of them get great attention but this one FLOWERBOMB EX - well this is another animal! I search for it because the department stores only sell it during Christmas...
positive A Juicy bomb. A very intoxicating scent. I love to smell this on a woman with one spray cause it projects well. Bergamot ,patchouli blended in this beautiful scent. Damn
positive I first smelt this when it was released in 2004, loved it but never thought I'd own it because of the price. Over the next six or seven years I would smell it every time I went into a department store that sold it, dreaming. And then last year my brother bought me it (I'm sure you can imagine my happiness). I love the sweet sharpness of it - though it seems to have got sharper and less sweet as time as passed (though it may just be that my tastes have changed)
positive I smelled this on another woman and loved it.  On myself, it is less impressive, but I don't know why.  It's a well-balanced floral with sweetness, and creaminess, with no particular note standing out.  And it must have patchouli, or I wouldn't give something in this genre a second thought.   It's beautiful, but it's not outstanding enough for me to be sure that I would stay interested enough throughout the duration of a full bottle.

negative Conjures up the essence of MLM boss babes or eau de Karen under sustained olfactory encounters.  The hint of diaper wipes and spoiled formula underneath it all is ruinous.  However, any negative affect might be overcome for wearers who possess enough self-discipline to keep the volume down.  Drive by whiffs on someone else could be pleasant making it greatly depend on how much throttle an individual wearer gives it, and if there are a herd of the Flowerbombed concentrated in one spot.  Dose makes the poison here. 
negative I got a sample of this because perfume critic Chandler Burr likes the stuff, and I agree with a lot of his assessments. This time, though, he's way off base. Flowerbomb is just a total snooze, hard to tell  from a hundred others....and it's a snooze in the heavyhanded '80s mode I like least. Ugh. 
negative Cliche in a bottle. The female equivalent to Cool Water for over-use, over-application, and apparent wearer myopia with regards to how 'great' they smell.

Embarrassing.
negative When I first heard of the name Flowerbomb I knew to give this one a miss. Full-on florals, which the name implies, are the one category I just don't do. A while later I smelled a dry/woody only slightly sweet fragrance on a colleague. It was fairly low-key and rather pleasant. She told me it was Flowerbomb. After that I tested it myself and found it wouldn't work for me. But on other people, especially on that girl, I found it rather pleasant. I can only conclude now that I must have come across a statistical cluster of people with a very light trigger finger.
Come to think of it, that girl must have had an unusual body chemistry. On her the old  Dior Addict seemed to have a woody/cinnamon quality which is usually doesn't have.

We have since moved to a different area, one where every other female seems to use Flowerbomb. And they're not shy in the application of it. I'm in a public facing line of work, and at least once every day I get almost knocked down by a veritable force field of this stuff. 
So while I started out as on the fence about Flowerbomb, it is now what garlic is meant to be to vampires.

Often one can appreciate a fragrance just for the idea and artistic effort, even if they don't work for everyone. In this case the end result smells exceptionally shallow and cheap. Nothing seems to even aspire to reflect the listed notes. It only consists of generic artificial sweetness and equally fake shallow patchouli. 

Normally I'm content to avoid trivial fragrances and don't bother reviewing them. But with the obnoxious omnipresence of this stuff  I just have to.

negative This is memorable for me as one of the worst fragrances ever.  A salesperson sprayed my arm & I immediately felt as if I'd been flea bombed.  Horrible!  I hurried to a restroom to wash it off but still had a headache within a couple of minutes.  An hour from home, I smelled it all the way back & even a shower didn't fully remove this mess.  Hence my 5 stars for longevity.  There is nothing in the list of components which I haven't previously worn and enjoyed, so maybe  there's an odd synthetic in the mix?  
negative Oh Yuck!  It's initial scent is of the foul-smelling formic acid used in cheap colognes;  This gives way rapidly (thank goodness) to an unpleasant bouquet of "Raid" insect spray and the artificial, sickeningly sweet odor of S'More-flavored white chocolate, as found in some mass-market candy bars.  It's a strident scent that lasts quite a while.
negative Ah, Flowerbomb.  I want to like it just because I love the name, but I simply can't.  It's that pink pepper/patchouli/amber smell that every single smellalike woman's designer perfume smells like like now, mixed with marshmallows.  There are some bubblegum fruits in there, some sort of dark green spice that I think is supposed to balance the treacle but just smells "off," and possibly some kind of flowers, but any floral notes in here (despite the name) are unimportant sweeteners buried in a thick, sticky sea of marshmallow fluff and common-smelling pink pepper goop.

This smells common in the most literal way:  If you go to a bar full of girls wearing perfume, they'll all smell like this.  It's not that they're all wearing Flowerbomb, it's that Flowerbomb, as well as the dozens of other perfumes you'll smell, all have the the same basenotes and throwaway topnotes, so every girl at a bar, or on a bus, or in an office smells like this same pink pepper/patchouli/amber/marshmallow smell.  Obviously the ladies of the world love this smell, but as a perfume aficionado, I just can't get get excited about yet another one of these.
negative Dear Flowerbomb,

I have tried, truly tried, but I do not understand you.

In spite of your listed notes, you are no floral. You are Boston fruit slices in a bottle, assorted penny candies liquified, a poor rose swimming in simple syrup.

Descended you are from Angel, Lolita Lempicka, Euphoria, Coco Mademoiselle and Juicy Couture JC, yet they manage to be interesting while you twirl your hair and drool. How is it you are so astonishingly popular? I am shocked by it. I wonder if today's girls simply find no discernible difference between flies and men. 

Poor Flowerbomb, a classic of perfumery you are not. You are to Coco Mademoiselle as Giorgio was to Poison. As your simple charms lose their appeal, your formula will cheapened, reduced to a 40 dollar EDT in Wallgreens for our daughters to buy discounted for their "naughties" theme parties, where the teenage girls of 2030 will dress like hipsters, dance to "Sexyback" and say "I can't believe Mom used to wear this!"


neutral Underwhelming, nondescript flowers and vanilla that somehow manage to be both extraordinarily heavy and extremely light. I received 3mls of this as a free deluxe sample at Sephora and planned to give it away. However, it worked okay when combined with a simple, fresh green scent (I chose Verde by Nest). I might try mixing it with a strong, dry wood next (maybe Cypress Cedar from Banana Republic's Icon Collection).

Overall, I can't give it a full thumbs down just because it's boring to me. I can easily understand its mass market appeal. I see this shining on the right person in the right setting (I imagine a high school girl who never wears makeup or perfume dressing up for her first prom), and I'm a full believer of 'to each his (or her) own.'
neutral I am on the fence with this scent. I certainly don't hate it, but I agree with the assessment that it is all generic flowery sweetness on me and lacks depth and complexity. It reminds me a bit of the scent of children's pretend cosmetics --that sickly sweet, flowery, rosy, baby doll-ish scent that I remember. I find it can also be quite strong and headache inducing for me. I will keep trying to wear my small sample bottle from Sephora (I do love the packaging), but I wouldn't repurchase.
neutral This smelled great when I first sprayed it on, but once it dried down all the florals disappeared and it just smelled like woodsy soap.  It lasted a really long time though.  
neutral A bit over-the-top... people love don't mind the fragrance.  I'm not sure how I feel about it.  Very floral for when you want to get noticed.  The floral/rose scent is okay... but... maybe it is the patchouli... there is something in there that I don't really LOVE.  I wear it, but won't buy it again.
neutral Flowerbomb opens with an overwhelming blast of sugar and juicy-fruity notes with a subtle and quite weird sort of tomato-pimiento aftertaste (I thought of red pepper, but I don’t see it listed, so perhaps it may be due to the tea note whatever they built it with). Gallons of galaxolide provide a shampoo feel, adding power to an already quite nuclear and sickening concoction. Still, I also get some herbal-green nuances which I quite enjoy, that manage to add something fresh and crisp to this candy in a bottle. Honestly though, I get quite the “bomb” but not the “floral”, as Flowerbomb is basically more a sort of sugary-green gourmand with a warm heart supported by patchouli, and dusted with a powdery shade – these must be the flowers, but they’re so light and generic they could be anything. Just a whiff of soapy feel. Boring yet everlasting drydown. Intergalactically far from being a masterpiece, and still much far from being actually just barely good; but I won’t consider it a complete disaster, I guess fruity gourmand lovers may like this – in the end, it’s the same stuff many niche brands do at twice the price. Just – please! – apply it sparingly.

(did it really take all those people to make this?)

5,5/10
neutral If you love the smell of the marshmallows you grow in your flower garden then this is the one for you. Not bad for the semi-gourmand floral category but there are many that pull it off better.
neutral I agree with flaming_june0101, I used to love this bomb - I felt like The Bomb wearing it! Eventually my bottle was empty and while I saved up money for a new one I discovered it on others and yes, they smelled cheap! Maybe because I recognised it and remembered how I used to be (very young) and therefor didn't like it, I don't know... It's a great fragrance for young people, but as a grown-up I don't feel comfortable wearing it.  
neutral I used to love this fragrance. I wore it every day for a couple if months. But then I smelled it on an acquaintance and it smelled so cheap and cloying. That ruined it for me. I feel like it smells great on me, but smelling it on another person opened my eyes to another facet that I didn't like. This one will go on the shelf for a little bit.
neutral Not exactly a bomb of flowers this Flowerbomb. Sure there's a bouquet full of variety, but what stood out more to me was the waffle-like sweetness, growing more intense in the heart notes. The dry down is still sweet but in a different way, and less aggrressive overall. 

Flowerbomb was made to be popular, and the mission was accomplished quite well.
neutral Initially rough because of the first whiff of earthy tea and citrus this one turns out as an oversweety cocktail of flowers, patchouli, amber and in my perception sandalwood and musk, too monolithic, sugary, powdery and boring for my taste. The outcome is a rose-jasmine-patchouli scent with a musky cloudy-dusty temperament almost gourmand for its sweetness that reminds a bit the dusty effect of eliotrope. The smell is not enough changing and multifaceted for my taste. The combination of citrus-patchouli and flowers with the addition of some aromatic-boise' notes reminds effectively the aromatic-floral smell of Coco Medemoiselle which is anyway a far better and more complex fragrance, surely more luxurious with its reinterpretation of vintage-retro' that takes on a paradoxically more futuristic smell with an angular-fresh starry patchouli that reminds Angel in some stages of its development. Flowerbomb  owns a faint longevity and a discreet projection under my nose.
positive love this so much, its ever lasting and so wow, every time i wear this someone comments all the time in a good way too! nice big bottle too, cant go wrong with this
positive I was initially ambivilent about this frag, and rather rolled my eyes at the sugary fluffy opening notes (bergamot and tea, I think not) which in my opinion since Angel have been overdone, and are a tad childish. However, FB dries down to a lovely rosy patchouli that I am quite keen on, and because of this, find myself testing and re-testing it. It eases into something warm and comforting, yet sophisticated. The sillage is good but not offensive, and I think it can be worn day or night.
positive Not your usual sickly sweet perfume!I am usually attracted to fresh green scents and have found that most sweet scents just sit on my skin and smell gooey sweet or very strong.  When a clerk at a store sprayed Flowerbomb for someone else while I was walking away from the perfume, it smelled so wonderful that I turned around & walked back to find out what it was.  When she handed me the bottle I was so disappointed because it was so sweet--and explained that while I liked it, it would NEVER work on me.  Still, she slipped a sample in my bag.  I wish I knew what her name was so that I could thank her!  I tried it a few weeks later and it didn't get sappy & sickly sweet like many other sweet fragrances do on me--just a nice soft scent. I disagree that it smells like cotton candy or that it is sugary sweet--but keep in mind that I usually can't wear any sweet scents, so it clearly is mixing differently with my chemistry than it does with the usual person.I just love this scent--which surprises me--it is the freshest "sweet" smell I have found!If you would like to try a sweet scent but have difficulty with excessive sweetness, give this one a try--it might just work for you!
positive I'm a convert. I initially wrote this off as the lovechild of Angel and Pink Sugar. I love Angel and I really like Pink Sugar, so I was more disappointed with Flowerbomb's lack of originality than the fragrance itself. But something prompted me to try it again, and now it's on my Wish List.  It starts off sweet but fresh, like cotton-candy and lemonade, and this is where I compare it to Pink Sugar. The citrus is bright and slightly tart, but soft...like creamy lemon curd, and I can already smell the jasmine coming through. I definitely get flowers, most noticeably the jasmine, but there are others shyly making an appearance every now and then - a bit of rose and something subtly spicy that could be freesia. It seems ambery and I agree with Aries81, it's very reminiscent of Alien due to the jasmine....so much so that I'm surprised it's not mentioned more frequently (but I don't, thankfully, get anything remotely resembling Tresor - I can't tolerate its musty/dusty peaches and roses accord.)  I don't get a lot of burnt-sugar sweetness in Flowerbomb - no caramel, but something sweetly creamy/buttery/ambery and resinous. I've seen other sources list a sandalwood note, and I would agree with that. The patchouli is the clean kind - powdery and fresh. (Btw - I don't like Coco Mademoiselle. I certainly get the comparison but to my nose their similarities are very superficial and mostly about the patchouli. I don't get a nice jasmine from Coco Mad if any at all. Flowerbomb is all about the jasmine. And after getting to know it a bit better, I can't seem to find what I initially perceived as a similarity to Angel - that's just gone. It, too, was probably very superficially about the patchouli.)This isn't an explosive or loud fragrance at all, so as others have noted, the name isn't particularly appropriate, even in its kitschy cutesy-ness....although the fragrance is a bit more casual and fun than formal or elegant, so I suppose the presentation isn't too bad. But presentation aside, the fragrance is the real story and I think it's wonderful - womanly and luxurious, sultry and sexy, smooth and luscious. I just love every element of it - from start to finish. And it finishes beautifully, and lingers for quite a while.  I'm very pleased to see that V&R have several bath and body products in the line - I can only imagine how heavenly the Voluptuous Body Cream is. 
positive I really like it. It's a heck of a lot like another "expensive" perfume of its ilk, Curve Vintage Soul. And even in that Flowerbomb is like Coco Mademoiselle. The citrusy patchouli drydown really gives that away.  Even then it's the jasmine "florals". And another commonality is Flowerbomb shares the patchouli, musk and vanilla (what doesn't?) with Coco Mademoiselle. Flowerbomb is much more floral and sweet patchouli and is not as vibrant as Coco Mademoiselle nor as open and "clean as Vintage Soul. Now contrary to the "flower" name, Flowerbomb dries into a patchouli musk with touches of vanilla. Oh yeah, and there's rose but it's overpowered by everything else going on. The EdP is fantastic but the EdT is so mild that it just kills the essence.
positive When I went to Dillards to give my friend her sample Of Above by Fred Miller (www.FredHMiller.com) the vendor gave me a sample of this. This is one of the best perfumes I have smelled in a long time! I was told that this is V&R first women's perfume, & they nailed it! A Very Pretty Floral Fragrance!
positive wow!!! i died and went to the big candy store in the skysooooo sweet and sugarythe most gourmand vanilla sugar fragrance ever, right next to angel
positive WOW! That was my first reaction to this beauty. Instant love at first sniff! Very sweet, but somehow Flowerbomb pulls off the sweetness without being cloying. The delicate floral notes wrap around the sweetness to produce a smooth creaminess that is pure decadence. Intoxicating! Reactions from female friends are somewhat "meh", but my male friends practically started drooling on me!I cannot detect the bergamot note at all. In fact, I am skeptical that it's really there at all! Bergamot seems to astringent to mix with the other notes here. A light tea moving rapidly to light jasmine is what I get. The middle notes last the longest on me; I only get the faintest notes of rose. Truthfully, there doesn't seem to be any drydown; like Ultraviolet (another winner for me) Flowerbomb has a very quick opening followed by hours of an unchanging middle. I also do not detect any patchouli, in fact was surprised to see it listed as a note. I suspect a light hand was used with the patchouli, and it is probably that note that keeps the sweetness in check. Not super long lasting on me, but with my chemistry that is typical (only about 4-5 hours at best).All thumbs up for me!
positive I only recently discovered Flowerbomb and tested it several times before deciding its charms were collection-worthy. There's more sugar than flowers, but the rose definitely comes through in a soft, powdery, sweet sort of way. Amber isn't listed in the notes but it's definitely there (to my nose) and warms everything up nicely. The tea comes through as well, as does the freesia. I believe the jasmine note is of the sambac variety, which I instinctively gravitate toward, and which smells more liquid, powdery and light than any other species of the plant (for reference, see Alien). The patchouli is a very clean version of itself - hardly there, in fact. Nothing like the patchouli hangover of Angel (which I adore but which would ruin this lovely feminine). I detect a slight hint of chocolate, as well. I used to own and adore Bath & Body Works' Sensual Amber, which is very similar to Flowerbomb, but with fruity notes replacing FB's chocolate.The lasting-power is good, as it is with most powdery, rose scents. In structure, I would certainly compare it to Alien, and  it has that same, sweet-rosy-powdery vibe that Tresor offers, only much softer and "pinker," and with a tea accord keeping it just slightly brighter. I think over-applying this scent will keep it from developing. It stays close to the skin however, so over-applying won't leave a strong trail of sillage in your wake. My guy smells caramel and I did too, on the test strip, but on my skin, it's a different story. Sometimes, when the weather's colder, I get more of a grape-juice-and-tea smell at first, which fades down to a very sweet jasmine. Other days, when my body temperature rises, I get more rose, more chocolate, and more of the powdery amber which is my favorite part. On the test strip, as my guy correctly noted, it smells of the trick-or-treat candy bags of our youth. He was sweet enough to get me a refillable bottle of this juice for Valentine's Day and I could not love the bottle more! The black V&R tab of the original has been replaced with a pink, metallic tab which matches the cap. It's overall, a thicker, rounder bottle and extremely original (though the juice may not be). Definitely recommended for anyone who likes Tresor, Alien, Lipstick Rose, or other sweet scents.
positive The first time I smelled this it must have turned under the lights and on top of the hot glass case at the department store. I purchased two bottles to sell overseas to  French West African clientele when I rediscovered this perfume. Wow is all I can say. It is somewhat reminiscent of Coco Mademoiselle BUT in my opinion more modern and wearable than C.M. (which my mother wears and seems way too dry and dead after a bit). Men love it and everyone asks about it-after all we wear perfume to attract the opposite sex, and it seems to me that the compliments I get from them are a positive. I only wear one other sweet floral and that is Carolina Herrera but this is a departure. I disagree with the negative comments on this one. It is extremely sexy and I wear it for every occasion. This is not a young woman's perfume. I just read more reviews about this and I think it is really very silly for people to compare some other scents as though they are exactly the same, Coco Mademoiselle is not even close and Angel is very chocolate-y and not even similar.
positive fairly young floral. for ages 35 and under i would think. very sweet jasmine, and patchouli without ever being to cloying. at least they did not over think this one as the men's version "antidote" has 25 different notes!!! i like them both though.
positive Interesting name, appealing bottle and good marketing made me try this scent in the mall... I sniffed the bottle first then gave up trying it on my skin as I thought it was another sweet sugary smell out there.Found it ordinary... But two weeks ago, a lady who I met in a conference was wearing a perfume which was amazing, she said it was Flowerbomb. Couple of days later another lady in the office was wearing a very good perfume and she said it was Flowerbomb, again. So I tried it again on my skin and changed my mind about it. Because it develops on your skin in a very good way. I cannot detect bergamot, tea and flower notes much, except jasmine, it blends with patchouli very well and becomes milky. This is definitely not an Angellike overly sweet perfume, not offending, and quite good choice for night and special occasions... Oh by the way, drydown reminds me of Gloria of Cacharel (although the notes are not similar)
positive I fell in love with this when it came out. I only where it during warm weather.  My dr. who has never commented on anything "personal" asked what smelled so good when he came into the examining room.  Now I have gone there for 15 years on a regular basis.  I find it to be sexy and I feel confident when I am wearing it. 
positive I love it, like I love Allure and cafe (an older fragrance). I like sweet fragrances and this one is perfect and last for many hours. I almost gave up buying it because the grenade bottle that remember me war, I hate it! But it smells so good I couldn't resist!It's pricey here in Brazil, but it's irresistible, my husband loved it!
positive Every afternoon in a local gym a ripped, rich, middle-aged estate agent with loads of attitude struts her stuff in a cloud of Flower Bomb, in the firm belief that she's da bomb. This cloud to me reeks of grainy, unclean patchouli on wilted flowers. Not at all objectionable, but perhaps a bit too much in a semi-crowded gym where ventilation can be an issue from time to time. All this doesn't mean to say that I won't be testing it on myself soon, make NO mistake...
positive The only thing missing from this fragrance is the orchestra. I am both repulsed and fixated by this near to parfum. At once, I resent the powdery languide of the middle note's predictable miss on seduction. But let it wait, like an overdressed girl on a park bench. Let it wait, the tension alone will elicit immediate attention, as the base notes politely demand. Sugar, spice and everything you'd better keep your eye on. This scent reminds me of Belgium beer and very tan boys. There is a definate bang to the end, which you are bound to find satisfying. Enjoy! 
positive This one is spicier than I thought --from the sweet n fruity reviews I figured it would be like candy sweet but the tea note and patchouli make it a really sexy scent and only sweet until it warms up and blossoms on the skin. It reminds me of other scents though, still if I was given a bottle I'd certainly wear it. 
positive I love it.... words can't explain.
positive disappointing!It's too fruity and sweet on me, just like "candy floss" as lots people described. I get the tea note which I like, but it was blocked by that cloying-and-never-cease sweetness...  I just wonder where the flower is. If I want some candy, I'd rather go for a bottle of  hilton's heiress, at least it's much cheaper!Maybe all these are due to body chemistry. but since quite a lot people felt same as me, I think is wise to have a test befor purchase.

negative Smell this blindfolded and 100% that you won't be able to distinguish it from other millions of generic sweet floral perfumes of the last decade or so. Awful!
negative Uninspiring and unoriginal.  Smells like sugar water was poored onto unfortunante girls.  I don't understand the main stream appeal either.  If you want to smell unique, try Tom Ford or Bond No.9  Do us all a favor ladies, throw this stuff out and grow up. Smells almost like Pink Sugar. 
negative What a damn shame this one is. Both my mother and sister own this fragrance and its hello and goodbye at lightspeed. The notes are very boring and non chalant. I can't see why anyone would drop the bucks for this one. It's a nice bottle with a popular name. Thats it.
negative Sweet vanilla flowers in a cigarette ashtray. Even sans the unappealing smoke odor, it'd still be too sweet.

neutral I was impressed with this perfume. I thought the bottle was very creative and unique and the scent equally as creative. 

Although this fragrance doesn't really appeal to my tastes in perfume, I can appreciate Flowerbomb for what it is. 

Flowerbomb is a strong floral with beautiful hints of vanilla. The scent is sweet and powdery without being too overpowering and is warm and soft on the skin. 

This fragrance is along the lines of Angel by Thierry Mugler in the way it has been uniquely composed and in popularity. Like Angel, this fragrance either grabs you or disinterests you. 

I might have considered purchasing this perfume if it wasn't so expensive, however I understand that Viktor & Rolf are an exclusive brand and wish to be noted in same league as Chanel and Guerlain.


neutral On first whiff, I too get a little girls sugar n spice and all things nice vibe. 
Interestingly this fragrance brings back memories of my first experiences with buying and trying fragrances for myself as a new teenager. Victor & Rolf's FB is the expensive version of a range of Impulse body sprays aimed at teenage girls. I would give anything to remember the exact name of the Impulse body spray. However, I wouldnt be surprised if the exact same one I remember from ten years ago has been repackaged as something else. Who knows, it could be FB aimed at those grown up teenagers who fell in love with the Unilever sugar water scent.

EDIT :  I went back to the pink, fluffy, sugar water scent and I was converted. Its almost as though its catnip for tweens. This stuff has an oddly addictive snuggly side (a little bit like Lush's rockstar - which I was also initially sceptical of at first whiff). Pleasantly surprised or perhaps seduced by the addictive girly catnip fragrance.
neutral When I first smelled Flowerbomb it was a little off putting.. This & Opium are my cousins signature scents! While Flowerbomb does not smell bad, it leaves a heavy floral note to my nose. I only tested this frag on my skin once, but smell it everytime im around my cousin. It has worn on me & it smells good on her, altho its not something I would buy & wear, but I have learned to appreciate this frag for its development over time. I can see a man pulling this off. Its a neutral rating for me. Nothing more or less!
neutral Okey! Is a good fragrance, sweet, oriental and intense. Something different from what we smell in many other fragrances out there today. But, This Really Worth The Price? I don't think so.. especially when Flowerboom's weak point is the fixation.. cuz I allways believe that a good fragance is a combination of perfect smell and a reasonable fixation..Many people compare Flowerboom and Can can by Paris hilton.. and after testing this two fragrance, I think Can can is the same but more cheap.. 
neutral Testers of Flowerbomb were dropped off for all the female sales associates in the clothing store where I used to work when the fragrance first came out, and for a week my nostrils were bombarded with all sorts of interpretations of it. On some girls, it was so disgustingly, synthetically sweet I wanted to vomit; on others, the sweetness stayed but it wasn't so overpowering, and was just an unmistakably sugary, though wellcrafted, scent. On none of them did I detect the patchouli, which I had hoped for.A few weeks after that, I used my own tester, and it came out very strong at first and disappeared rather quickly, but there was a brief interlude where the scent made me want to bounce up and down with a big grin from ear to ear -- like an elated pop princess. All in all, for a sugar addict like myself, it's worth a cautious try.
neutral Floral, powerful, and unique scent.  It is a Floral - Orange Tuberose type of perfume. The perfume starts with a floral scent, which later becomes sweet and floral, as middle notes start to come out. The ending has a sweeter and a little musky scent.      The floral notes in the middle are the dominant scent, which can be a little overwhelming.The perfume has a new and unique scent, but it does not motivate me enough to buy it.  
neutral According to the Dana Thomas book 'Deluxe: How Luxury Lost Its Luster', "perfume companies buy juices they think are marketable and keep them in reserve until they find the right brand for them." One of such companies was Loreal, and apparently they bought this juice from IFF, sat on it for three whole years until Victor&Rolf knocked on their door for a new scent - and now that juice is called 'Flowerbomb'. So that is the mystery behind this very 'elusive' designer scent. It is not a story that grand. Truth be told, 'Flowerbomb' is not really a Victor&Rolf creation. It is just a juice that some businessmen thought was marketable.  After that 'fact check', I must say I think almost everyone posted an accurate review that summarized what Flowerbomb is. Personally, when I think of the name 'Flowerbomb', I think of some fragrance like YSL Paris. Not necessarily the candied flowers of this one. 'Flowerbomb' is not awful, but to me, also not quite exceptional. I feel like they tried hard to create a somewhat lighter dose flower induced version of Angel and they truly succeeded. The scent's charm heavily relies on the wearer's personal skin chemistry. Honestly, it is perhaps one of the most un-apologetically sweet juices out there.  
positive Flowerbomb is great.  I really like it when my lady wears it. I love it from to to base...
positive It is absolutely amazing that their are so many people that are smelling burnt sugar and carmel and stuff....sticky sweet, sugary etc.  WOW!  I don't get that.  I do like RoseAmber's review, that describes it with light citrus-florals and powdery vanilla, etc.  THAT, I get.  It IS beautiful.  It's fresh and brilliant.  I have such a sensitive nose and am not the biggest perfume WEARER, more of a hobbyist...but for me this is very wearable and soooo agreeable with my chemistry.  So far, all have really liked it on me...even those who are not afraid to wince with disgust for other perfumes.  Flowerbomb, who cares what it's called or how the bottle is shaped???  Maybe the reviews are so poor because of the people expecting a certain kind of fragrance and this not being that.  People should just try it...I almost didn't because of the others it was likened to, so I crossed it off of my list to try.  Go figure, I accidentally tried it and love it!!!
positive This fragrance is amazing! It lasts forever, sometimes when I'm doing my laundry I can smell it on my clothes weeks after I've worn them. I always get tons of compliments when I wear it and whenever I smell it on someone else I think it smells amazing.
positive flowerbomb..not impressive but sensualsweet and warm  should be worn in the daytime or weekends. 
positive I'm not usually a fan of floral, but Flowerbomb is absolutely amazing, i'm obsessed
positive I melt everytime i smell this...as a guy,everytime i get a chance to go to a dept. store to see scents...this would be the first or second scent i would ask for a sample just to smell...amazing theme and concept on the name and bottle construction...it is a floral explosion...i forced one of my friends to put it on...and for the rest of the day...shopping around the mall...i could still smell it...perfect...
positive I recently sampled this at Nordstrom's on a female customer's wrist.  It's very similar (but a bit less "foody") than Angel.  The two are very similar, but I think FB is more feminine, and has greater mass appeal, than Angel.  Viktor and Rolf claim 16+ hours longevity, and sillage is excellent.  Of the two, FB is superior to Angel IMO, and is more suited to the more discreet and discriminating 30+ woman.  If you are into gourmand (edible) fragrances you can't go wrong with this one.  It is expensive, but also exclusive.  If you like the candy style but want to stand out from the crowd, this is the one to buy.
positive I love this scent. I particurally like the patchouli element in the dry down. It's floral, but in an unusual way but not at all prissy. I don't know what it is, but on me there is a very sweet element to it. Not the scent of a definate food, but a lovely sweetness.
positive Flowerbomb (quite appropriate name) is wonderrrfull! haha only way to put this one. My friend and I tried this one out for his younger sister--keep in mind she is young and I agree with La Senora that this can be very..youthful;). Regaurdless it just evoked this happiness in both of us, this sort of unvoluntary smile. It was very similar, in this effect and in scent as well, to a Creed frag we tried once some time back. Unfortunately we CANT remember the name and it kills me. I liked the drydown as well: reminds me a bit of something similar to YSL Cinema, but it has its own character from it as well.Just try it...Im not really a floral  fan anyway =\HOWEVER it seems important to this fragrance particularly that I note we tried it on paper on not yet on skin.
positive I want it! One thing I noticed is that on me, the scent does change. Strange as it may sound, it becomes masculine. I've always liked pushing the gender barrier, like Viktor & Rolf say, look for the contrast: this is my No. 1 rule. No drag obviously, just that I'm a man, I know what I want and I do what I want. I want pearls.
positive I love this perfume. On my way home, I stopped at the store at London Heathrow airport to kill time. I tried on flowerbomb and was very impressed by the smell. It's lovely. 
positive WOW!  I just love this Flowerbomb!  Everything about it is remarkably unique.  The bottle, the name, the fragrance notes...the way they "explode & smolder" ~ simply brilliant!  There has been so much extreme opinion on this one, but I personally find it attractive and wearable! 
positive Ijust recently purchased Flowerbomb.  It does last on my skin.  Since I love orientals the most, especially woody-orientals, I was surprised that I would like this as much as I do.  I find it to be just the right balance for someone who avoids florals and wants a softer, sweet floral.  It is not too intense for me. A miracle for this oriental fanatic! 

negative Flowerbomb is not for my skin, it becomes way too sweet and too uninteresting. I am sorry.
negative Awfully boring tutti-frutti syrup for such a big price tag.Viktor & Rolf need to put on their big girl panties and come up with something other than these treacle-covered blossoms of theirs.
negative Caramel bomb. No flowers. Another, boring, sticky, caramel stuff. So childish, barbyish.
negative the new angel competitor is this bomb who hide very spécial plastic flowers!! 
"courage fuyons"
they want to destroy our noze,pitty,
or, i go to live in sooth pole!!
with pinguins !!
negative I was really dissapointed by this one. I was expecting a really lovely and loud floral. All i was presented with was candy floss, it's sickeningly sweet and 'sticky' smelling. Not worth the price (about £50 for 50 mls over here in the UK). Fantastic bottle though!
negative Tried this one yesterday and I didn't find it as extroardinary as I  thought it would be. It starts with a smell that is very familiar (must be Allure) and further.... nothing. It just doensn't last on my skin and fades after a few minutes.
negative Frankly, it is a mess. I tried both the original and etailer versions of it (some people suggested that the etailer interpretations were much better). None were better than the others. The notes are mixed up in an indecipherably manner. It is flat, but ironically loud and cloying. You don't get the complexity of the artisan fragrances, just a sickly sweet cloud. 
negative too too.  it's trying to hard and the drydown is worthless.  you need to be really young to pull this off. sense memory of disco in the late 80s, amyl nitrate and all.

neutral I smelled it together with Antidote for men... it felt nice but it gave me the sensation of an aroma not plenty original, smelled on another perfume.It starts with sweet flowers, a bit  fresh, with notes of bergamot an tea. Middle notes appears quickly, dominated by freesia in a Ralph Lauren's Romance or Lancome's Miracle remembrance, plus other notes I felt like a floral mix. The base is sweet, like orchid plus sugar or caramel, and maybe a soft wood and vanilla noticeable since the beginning.Very feminine, flowers fit well at summer and the vanilla is nice at winter. A bit complex for daytime use, better for office or evening use, for women between 25-45 years old.
neutral Unless this is the first review you're reading about Flowerbomb, you already know it's not flowery. It is sweet and styled to make friends quickly when first encountered: vanillic with caramelized sugar and a passive patchouli presence; any "flowers" must have been dribbled in from a vat marked Generic Floral Mixture #3. Until a better expression comes along, I'm going to refer to department-store frags as being manufactured with "A Big Paddle." (I'm attracted to niche and vintage-style scents whose molecules are stacked more meticulously.) For a Big Paddle frag, Flowerbomb is pleasant enough not to scrub off, but not attractive enough to mean something special to me.
neutral I don't agree that it's as polarising as Angel, but it's just as instantly recognisable and for that, deserves some respect.  The pink grenade shaped bottle mixes masculine and feminine imagery.  The idea of a bomb I think suggests a gradual war on the senses rather than an overpowering effect.  In the vein of Agent Provocateur's first one, it's a dusky musky floral.  Powdery but quite bodily in that it's pungent.  Like a voluptuous lady that's shaken talcum powder under her arms on a hot day.  Feminine but absolutely not girly it also has a quite bitter smell.  Some smells go 'up' when you smelll then, some 'down'.  This one stays level in terms of the progression of notes to me.
neutral I am not as sophisticated with perfume lingo so I will just use amateur words. I loved it a lot at first, smelled sweet yet suave and sophisticated. It reminded me of Coco Mademoiselle. However, having major perfume longevity problems, I had to pass because I felt that the drydown was weak and barely there. I own Mademoiselle and after an hour it is gone on me - so I could not take the risk with this one too, specially that the price is a bit up there.   
neutral Hmmmm, Im not too impressed with this one, but maybe I was expecting too much :o\ First of all its lacking too much vitality to be a "bomb". It doesnt smell bad, but it doesnt have much kick and from all of the reviews Ive read I was expecting it to be way more gourmand than it is. It just smells like a clone of Allure. Contrary to some opinions, Flowerbomb does NOT smell anything like Angel, I wear Angel on a regular basis and FB is nothing like it, Flowerbomb smells like flowers Angel does not.Flowerbomb and Allure share the same type of light floral scent, with that same light hint of spice. They're not bad scents, but arent distinctive enough for me. 
neutral I have survived the explosion of Flowerbomb. Is this a good name for a fragrance? And do I want to buy something in the shape of a hand grenade? Well, it's a violent experience of flowers that will certainly get the (shocked) attention of everyone around you with the noise of fragrance. One of the reasons I wear perfume is to experience the flow of a fragrance from top note to drydown. Flowerbomb doesn't do that. You put it on and it stays that way till you scrub it off. Or surrender. It should be called Flower Claxon. Perfect for someone who likes a lot of attention over a long period of time. Unfortunately, not for me.
neutral I love it in the bottle but it smells musty and unimpressive on my skin- like patchouli and burnt sugar. With different body chemistry it would be lovely. A must have for floral fans especially if you like patchouli but try this one before you buy- especially with the price.
neutral I love the bottle and the marketing did wonders on my psyche... BUT it's too strong and very smoky to me.  I'm not sure that makes sense, but reminds me of a room where someone's been smoking a pipe or a fancy cigar.  
neutral Flowerbomb? Smells sweet, spicy, caramelly and a bit like all-spice. Also this reminds me of blonde brownies baking in the oven. This isn't what I expected from a perfume named Flowerbomb.?! This is one-dimensional, as it doesn't change from the moment you put it on till it slowly wears off. In all honesty, Flowerbomb smells EXACTLY like Avon's Extraordinary! In a blind sniff test, I wouldn't be able to tell them apart. The only difference is Flowerbomb does last longer and has a bit more sillage. Also on the plus side the, bottle is very unique and makes a great conversation piece. Tho I like this, I don't think it's bottleworthy!
positive Quite sweet and powdery to my nose.  A defining metrosexual fragrance.  I had Cuba Gold before I got to sample this classic from 1995, but the dry down is very similar.  The opening of Le Male is better and so is the performance, but otherwise, you get the same powdery sweet lavender plus vanilla/amber combo that’s been working it’s magic for decades now.

The current formulation has decent projection without being too loud and lasts 7-8 hours.
positive Started as a teenager and have been wearing it ever since. Le Male has a strong cinnamon vanilla and lavender note, creating a scent to make women weak at the knees. My signature! 
positive Its got a nice mix of lavender, vanilla, mint thing going on.  It becomes an accord to me, melding together to smell "le male"ish.  Powdery, synthetic, sure.  If it didn't have that terrible bottle I'd own it.  Performance is good.  A respectable fragrance.  
positive JPG is awesome simple as that. Sure it has its time and place, i like to wear it when its a little chilly out with a descent outfit for going out. just like 1 million and invictus etc the frag will have its haters. But like i say, if your goal in a frag is to get noticed and get compliments then this is one of those. I guarantee anytime you wear it someone or several people will stop and ask what your wearing or tell you "omg you smell so good". Isn't that the point afer all?
positive I wish I had tried this before reformulation; as the smell is great, but it barely lasts me 3 hours in projection/longevity. The drydown scent is AMAZING, and I would rate it much higher, but the endurance of the aroma is nonexistent.
positive Jean-Paul Gaultier Le Mâle (1995) is a very important fragrance, and indeed a very controversial fragrance in the world of perfume. This was Jean-Paul Gaultier's debut masculine and it set the world alight with it's bizarre tin can packaging and risqué muscular male torso bottle with sailor shirt stripes to match the previous year's Classique (1993) and it's bare-chested feminine bust. Le Mâle did several things at once upon release: it established perfumer Francis Kurkdjian as his first creation (and arguably most successful one); it's loud and bombastic smell cut through the club scene like a hot knife through butter and was the de facto king of that scene until Paco Rabanne 1 Million arrived in 2008; it unintentionally gave the gay community on the male/male side a champion scent due to it's bottle design, bright smell, and "sailor boy" aesthetic that was in line with gay ideals of male beauty. You simply couldn't get away from this stuff in the club scene, and even after scents like Curve for Men (1996), and Givenchy Pi (1999) started taking nibbles at Le Mâle's dominance in more mixed clubbing company, it continued to rule the gay scene for years to come, and is still a strong contender even in the face of the aforementioned 1 Million in clubs of all kinds across the globe. 

In fact, Le Mâle has perhaps become too successful for it's own good, which fuels the controversy around it's artistic merits because everyone was just overexposed to it back then like they were 1 Million, and more-recently Dior Sauvage (2015). The scent's famous artemisia and mint opening is much to blame for it's shrill piercing of hot nightclub air, but it isn't quite an ozonic as it doesn't have a huge grapefruit note, but just the usual bitter bergamot and a contrasting cardamom note. Le Mâle is all about contrasts, which is how it gets to be so freakishly loud without being cloying like Joop Homme (1989) at similar volume levels. Cinnamon and dirty cumin is opposed by fresh lavender and orange blossom, showing Francis Kurkdjian borrowing a play from Edmond Roudnitska in the "dirty but clean, virile but pleasant" department, but the base ends up taming this beast at the end. Sandalwood, cedar, tonka, amber, and vanilla act as a forgiving security blanket that hides the diametrically-opposed notes in the top and middle. By the time Le Mâle is (finally) a skin scent, only wisps of the mint and lavender really remain to mix with the heavier, creamier, and powdery base, making this a very barbershop-like smell in it's final throes. I actually get a bit irritated by this finish, but wearing it on shirt helps keep the top around longer. There really isn't another fougère like this one (outside of clones), and the performance is beyond this world. Expect 10 hours plus of good detectable sillage and projection way past an arm's length. Best use is pretty much all seasons save the dead of summer, but obviously this smell is associated most with the night life.

Le Mâle is finally starting to appear dated around it's 25-year mark, and like other notorious period scents from the 90's such as Nautica (1992) and Tommy by Tommy Hilfiger (1995), is so inexorably linked to the decade of its birth that even in the gay scene (where it had the longest clubbing lifespan), it's seen as "old-school", which hurts it's wearability. If loud mint, bergamot, lavender, spice and vanilla traffic jams sound like something you could dig, you can't go wrong with Le Mâle, but if you were duly overexposed to it like I was, then you can appreciate it's importance but never bring yourself to wear it more than occasionally, a single bottle lasting a lifetime, or wear it again in some cases. Nuclear performance is the name of Le Mâle's game, but much of the notes used here inform of later Kurkdjian creations for his own MFK label, and has come in so many different packaging editions that it's also become a darling with collectors. The scent has always been something of a love/hate, but in no way am I dismissing the entire Le Mâle line, as there have been many different and nice flankers in the years since, a good portion of which are also designed by Francis Kurkdjian. A famous fresh, jarring, semi-powdery fougère scent that is instantly recognizable but not versatile like most things of its ilk. Thumbs up
positive The legendary Le Male by Jean Paul Gaultier... Introduced in 1995, it is one of the most successful - and most copied - perfumes of all time, that really influenced the way male perfumery advanced ever since.

Being the second perfume I ever got back in 2000 (5 years after its release and still being extremely popular back then), there are so many memories tied with its smell. I believe that Le Male is the kind of male perfume that every single perfume enthusiastic should smell as an introduction to what male perfumery was and still is all about. It is exceptional in its own way and - while it may smell a bit dated after so many copies of its smell being released, from male perfumes to... car deodorants, still stays relevant to JPG brand philosophy. You may love it, you may hate it but you have to give it a try.

Nice longevity, ideal projection - I feel that it is a bit watered down nowadays, compared to the original formula though, which is not a bad thing, considering the fact that the original formula could stay on skin for 24 hours and more. I remember going to the pool wearing the original formula years ago and having people around telling me that the whole pool water smells like Le Male. 

Apart from all the flankers of Le Male that JPG released (which all have been kind of fail - except Ultra Male and the new Le Male Essence), in my opinion the only perfume that took Le Male base and developed it to something modern and powerful is Prada Luna Rosa Extreme. 

In conclusion Le Male is a milestone in male perfumery, something that being in market for 21 years proves. While I am not sure if it is the way I want to smell in 2016, it has always been a steady presence in my perfume collection, something I love to visit from time to time.

*This review was written after several full wearings of the perfume and not just after smelling this on paper or on wrist.
positive Not something I would wear nowadays as it reminds me of being a very young man up to no good.

Still a great scent and remember when I sampled it for the first time. It smelt so damn good. Really different and unique. Girls went crazy fro the stuff!! 

Oh...........Those were the days!
positive I tried this when I first started getting into fragrance. I almost bought it on a blind buy because I thought the bottle looked cool. Luckily I tried it at the mall before doing so. I didn't like it and went with Versace Eros instead. That was about a year and a half ago.

This past weekend, I saw 1.7 ounce bottles for about $25 and went for it. I'm glad I did. The scent grew on me.

I'm getting a combination of vanilla and lavender from this one, and maybe tonka bean. It's a pleasant scent for this time of year. I would recommend it whenever it's chilly out, but it probably won't do so well in warmer weather.

Unfortunately, it doesn't have adequate projection or longevity. It smells nice, but the performance is lacking. Maybe it would make a nice date fragrance since proximity matters, but that's about it.
positive Classic.  But I think a bit played out so no longer in my rotation.
positive A legendary, polarizing and ever popular oriental scent that will always be my favorite.  I've seen several attempts by different fragrance houses to recreate Le Mâle (sometimes convincingly, other times even improving on it); but THIS is the defining sensual experience that, after all these years, still delights (and annoys) many.

For me, the lavender, mint, vanilla, cumin, and sandalwood are well formulated.  There is that Clubman Pinaud vibe here (that pleasant powder in the green bottle used in barbershops after a haircut).  The bottle is always a shocker to behold, and the tin can is unique, too! 

The flankers that have come (and gone) all take the Le Mâle mystique and enhance specific notes.  In the case of the "La Cologne Tonique" set, the fragrance serves the role of a bracing, tastefully muted body spray.  But for me, it's hard to dislike the retakes on this one (save for Ultra Male, a radical remake that is its own scent).  A dependable, always pleasant experience...Le Mâle will remain in my top favorites of all time.

positive This is beyond a classis.  Of all scents that I have owned, and still own, this is the only one that I have purchased and gone through numerous bottle, plus also the after shave balm.

From bottles that are over $1,000 to mid range to low end... This one has always stood out.  The scent brings up good memories, good times in my life, and I have never not enjoyed this scent.

I do not wear it out often as it is not a unique scent, however I do use it before bed.  Such a happy and calming scent for me.
positive Not much more, if anything can be said about this one. This was the first designer fragrance that I was really exposed to and absolutely loved the smell of. It will get hate due to its popularity as much as people who genuinely dislike it's scent. I had a friend who picked out ginger in this one which was probably the cinnamon/orange/cumin I guess. Can't say I get ginger... or lavender for that matter which seems to be a very dominant note quoted by the majority. All I know is I get a very pleasant smell that for me is the same now as it was in the late 90s. Above average sillage and longevity and a real classic for any wardrobe.
positive Review and Ratings based on the original formulation.

Years ago I watched the commercial, where guys are changing from their stripes shirts to formal suits. As soon as i watched that commercial (I believe was aired from the year 1995), I knew I had to get it. I had to wait some more time, and after possessing 2 fragrances (In which were given to be as gifts), I had to buy my very fragrance ever. It had to be Le Male. 

All I can say is, that this fragrance is a memory. Yeah, Memory in a Bottle. Enough Said. 

Thanks.  
positive Lavender.  Lavender. Lavender.  But in a good way :)
positive Judging from the positive reviews and love this fragrance gets, I made a blind buy ( actually 90% of my scents are).. 

It smells pretty nice as it projects. Smelt directly from the skin I gets a rough, synthetic after-smell.. Lots of vanilla in this one. 

Maybe it's because it was re formulated, I don't get the beast mode longevity and projection everybody talks about.. I even wore 4-5 sprays on a hot day, barely got notices.. 

Still happy it's in my small collection.. Barely escaped a neutral..

6-7/10

positive Salutation.

Yes LE MALE!This one is really great.elegant is the perfect way to describe.strong and definitely FRENCH style.masculine,beautiful,like a dream.

In my opinion Le MALE is clearly not for everyone.you either love or hate it.one spray is enough for long hours.well balanced and the base it very lovely for me.

One of the best fragrances in winter nights for me.perfect for smart stylish man.and one of the word is magical.

Thank You JPG.

82.5/10

negative After all these years, I can say with full confidence that I just don't like Le Mâle.  It feels good to finally get that off my chest...

I think almost everyone knows what this smells like by now, but if you don't, it's basically a lavendor/tonka fougere, sweetened with vanilla, cinnamon, and coumarin, kind of soapy and powdery, but kept from turning into a gourmand by a mix of exhaust-fume terpines, bleach, plasticky diaper musk, and smegma.

It actually kind of reminds me of Shalimar, but if Shalimar were reimagined by a punky gay weirdo who thought it would be funny to get unsuspecting people to wear a classic musk perfume that uses bleachy dried up sperm instead of musk.  As such, I get the joke, and I acknowledge the artistry, and the wink-and-nod to history, and the iconoclasm.  But I still think this smells nasty.
negative Synthetic at its best. Powdery synthetic scent. I dont get anything in it, it's too lame to separate the notes. I only get some "artificial" lavender. Hmmm...


negative Does nobody else get shaving foam, herbs and mustiness?

**/*
negative I've bought 125 ml for 40 €
I'm not an expert on reformulations. 
The scent is classy and great. I've owned dupes of this fragrance. 
Le male in its current state is not worth the money. Sillage is poor and the dry down is not that great. 
Kindlooks for 5 dollars is better and the sillage is far better than JPG LE MALE. 
negative I don't like to ramble on about reformulation's but this one is totally spoiled now ..it's dry and has lost all of its opulence and density..highly synthetic and basically its not been treasured or treated with any respect by the company that currently formulate it. I gave it away to my 14 year old nephew ..he likes it so at least it wasn't a complete waste of money.
negative The original JPG Le Male from the 90s was a masterpiece & had tremendous performance! Le Male has since been reformulated & most retailers are selling the reformulation. The reformulated version of Le Male does not smell or perform nearly as good as the original. It is not powdery, nor is it a powerhouse! I find it woodier in the dry-down. The vintage is a much darker juice/better formulation. A reformulated bottle will last 5 hours at most on my skin & project for the first hour. It is a shame that the house destroyed a beautiful fragrance. Not worth it - only buy if you can find the vintage juice!
negative I happened to be living in London when this was launched and was running into Harrod's on an errand when, right inside the door, a woman with a spritzer grabbed my arm and asked if I wanted to try this new scent.  Before I could answer, I was given a dose and I quickly moved on.  Before I was twenty steps into the store I knew that something was wrong.  Very wrong. What she sprayed on me was so vile, so gross, that I went straight to the men's room to wash it off.  It was on me ten minutes or so and I sniffed at it the whole time, wondering what was so "off" about this scent.  I was probably wearing Bel Ami at the time, so strong scents were no problem.  I also love Caron PuH and Ungaro II, and the vanilla lavender combo is a favorite, so what was so wrong?  To me it smelled overly strong, overly sweet and oddly bestial--and not in a good way (and as I mentioned, I like the civet in Ungaro II!).  Very similar to my reaction to Kouros, even though they are very different fragrances.  Even after a scrub in the gent's I emanated its evil odor for the rest of the day and felt like I needed to apologize to strangers who drifted into my wake.  Oddly enough, I have smelled it on other men since where it smelled just fine--actually tame and minty-fresh barbershop-like.  I might even like it now that it has been reformulated but I can never forget the visceral reaction that I had on first trying it. 

neutral I was looking for something different, no Le Male at all, but began to test several fragrances at a local Belk.  I got to Le Male and thought.  It smelled like something I already have, Body Kuros.  I do not know if BK has been reformulated but my juice in over a decade or so old now.  So my nose, from both, gets a spicy sweetness.  It is ok, but not something I would want to wear. I only wear BK a couple times a year. I cannot speak for longevity but the initial power is strong. I do not like the sticky sweet of it but others may find this appealing.   
neutral So I was out of my bottle which I got from my friends 11 years ago. So I purchased a 200 ML bottle for 60 euros. Bargain I thought for such an awesome smell, butt (yes, double T f....., thats how I felt)... WTF?!? Why the hell would you REFORMULATE YOUR BEST SELLING PERFUME JPG?!?! WHY?!?

Scent
Scent itself is a masterpiece, but this one smells less powdery than my previous bottle and more aqua...

8/10

Projection
Poor, ok projection for the first 90 minutes then it's bye bye kansas. My previous was a beast projection.

3/10

Longevity
Poor, getting max 5 hours. Used to get 15 hours of longevity. Stays over 24 hours on clothes though.

5/10

Versatile
Less suited for winter.

9/10

------
6.3 overall score

Neutral score cause of the scent and versatile score. I am so disappointed, not gonna buy this anymore. Well, atleast it was cheap, 100 ml for 30 euros. Poor projection and longevity and the whole world owns it now. There are better perfumes than this. 


neutral Powdery,sweet,gives me a nausea's feeling ,,,,really synthetic probably nice at a distance..Think i prefer it on others as opposed to myself...
If you like this frag and wished it was on another level then go for Amouage Reflection man....Stunning,upperclass,totally well blended scent similar to le male but on another level totally and goes a different direction at points...but yes similar.
neutral My nickname for this fragrance is "man in a can" because well, that's what the packaging is.

This is a good fragrance. The combination of mint, lavender, and vanilla has been duplicated many times, but this is still the original and best. However, at least where I live, men overspray this one quite frequently. One of my friends started wearing Le Male once, and he used so much that he could choke a small room.

So go ahead and wear Le Male - but please, don't overspray.
neutral Le Male is one of my few blind buys, and I regret it. It is constructed around a minty lavender opening and heart, and a sweet base of vanilla, musk and amber. I get some faint spices and woods throughout its lifespan on skin, but the trinity of mint, lavender and vanilla dominates everything else. While it scores for being quite original in scope and execution, I don't personally find the overall scent to be very agreeable. Moreover it seems to diffuse this sophomoric vibe and I cannot take it seriously at all. After hearing about all the wonders, I find its performance on my skin to be pretty average. 

For some reason I feel this would smell better on a woman. But I'm not recommending it to anyone. 
neutral sweet,fresh,sometimes annoying i'd say.Average longevity and projection for me
positive It is a fresh, cool and modern perfume.
The scent is soapy and lavendery.
It is an oriental-fougere type of perfume.  

It is a very popular perfume. 
I liked it so much, I bought it even though it is a man's perfume. So defiantly thumbs up for it. 
positive Thats a monster!!! but a good monster so good that it has became so common that I could not wear it any more.
Vanilla mixed with candy sweetness cinnamon and pepper with monster longevity and projection.
the bottle is just....bad!
positive I really enjoy this scent especially the dry down. I would say it's quite unique to other colognes on the market. all the notes fit together perfectly. I would only wear this scent in the winter as its quite gourmand like. In my opinion le male is one of the best gourmand fragrance out there. I would defiantly recommend this but I would say test before you buy because it might not be for everyone.
positive I am surprised I have never smelled this on anyone where I live besides myself. I love this notes in this one. One would think that mint, lavender, and vanilla would not work well together but they combine so well together to form a truly unforgettable scent. I always receive compliments in this scent and my wife is madly in love with this scent. A great fall and winter time fragrance.
positive an excellent fragrance overall excellent projection and longevity. i use this one for fall and winter. for school or office wear only wear one spray but for dates or going out 2-3. no more than 3 sprays. its just that mine came with a defective pump :(. but i will exchange it.
positive The opening is on another level to anything I've worn before. Powerful, juicy and mouthwatering. The projection before it dries is a force to be reckoned with. The drydown is also nice and this stuff lingers on the skin for a good amount of time.

Not completely masculine, but then again not perfumey at all.

The bottle is impressive, a real quality item. I have the 75 ml and it just feels great in the hand, the glass has a really smooth feel.

However, Le Male is of course a victim of it's own popularity. The first time I wore it on a night out, it was recognised and named by the first person I came across. For this reason I would never wear it regularly. 

Also if someone is wearing other than yourself,  it it can be a bit cloying.

4/5 - Shame about the fame!
positive jpg le male is a true classic in my eyes. Vanilla lavender combo one of the best in the business. This projects forever and lasts a long time. Its stood the test of time so you can get this one cheap. Im not sure how you could hate this other than the fact that you prob smelled it on someone before but who cares.  I definitely get compliments with this one. The dry down is strong and i like that! you can get this one cheap!
smell 7/10 not bad i love vanilla
longevity 10/10 beastmode 
projection 8/10 this might have been reformulated???? i remember it projecting better but idk..
positive Very nice lavender/vanilla fragrance with a slightly herbal minty opening. 
Great longevity and sillage.
positive Hated. Loved. Adored. Loathed. 

No matter where you stand with this masterpiece (if you don't have an opinion do yourself a favor) this is  a fragrance that is undeniable. When I wear this I am usually asked what it is...just the pronunciation of the maker and cologne does something to people. Of course those in the know either roll their eyes or smile. I don't usually go into the ingredients of colognes as one only needs to look that up- but the minty vanilla of Le Male is glorious and was a game changer when it appeared. Instantly recognizable both by scent and sight, a definite legend in its own time and in my mind.
positive Very very sensual barbershop smell. The trick: easy on the trigger. 
positive Very sweet.One of my first purchases of cologne. Very sweet smelling. Has a vanilla-powdery drydown.Pros: decent projectionCons: doesn't last as long as the original "
positive Best fragrance if u are looking for sweetness.	Well I was looking for it and finally found it last night...i just wanted to check how its is coz i asked someone to get it for me...when i smelled it I was completely in love with it...that sweetness and the dry down is excellent..cant wait for it :DPros: Long Lasting, Projects GoodCons: Expensive :P"
positive Fun and Lively	Le Male by Jean Paul Gaultier is one of the better lavender and vanilla based fragrance offered to this date.  This scent can have  a mysterious aphrodisiacal effect at times.  Just remember to put this scent on mildly.  It's quite potent so please consider others and the occasion in which this will be worn.  Overall, a beautiful scent that gives undivided female attention to its wearer.  
positive Pleasant, sweet, great longevityI enjoy this scent very much. Most fragrances wear very close to my skin so even something with the reputation Le Male has, I don't smother people or invade their nostrils. The vanilla is very nice and the powder is something new for me but it is also quite pleasant to me. I think this is a fragrance that is just predominantly going to be popular with the younger crowd more so than the older crowd, and once you've smelled it you can see why. I really enjoy it and plan on continuing to use it. To each his own. Some people can spray once and get a headache from the sweetness. I can spray 2-3 on and you won't know I'm wearing it until you get relatively close to me.Pros: Sweet, long lasting, projects wellCons: Can be too sweet for some people"
positive I love this stuff, and it gets me noticed more than just about anything else that I own. It is another scent that seems to suffer from extreme popularity, but nobody else in my inner circle even seems to know what it is. It is a very pungent, sweet smell that follows me around wherever I go. It is strong stuff, so I try to go light on the trigger. Awesome for the middle of winter, it cuts through the cold, dry air in my area and has a good festive smell.
positive I dont really like sweet fragrancies but this one, wow. The top notes are very clean and fresh but as it dries down it gets very very sweet, mainly vanilla and cinammon. It smells so damn god, i'd like to feel this scent even when i go to sleep :D.

I think this is one of those frags that you either love or hate but if you love its love at first sight.  Projection is good, just as longetivity, but it doesnt last any longer than 5-6 hours on my skin (its still very good, compared to other frags).

absolutely favourite
positive I know this is a very popular fragrance. And like all things as popular as this there will be some backlash. But this is a top notch fragrance. Very original and very good quality. You spray this on and it seems like it would last forever. Definitely a winter time scent. This should not even be sold in tropical countries. However this is one of my all time favorite fragrances. A++.
positive A very exquisite and expensive smelling fragrance. It is instantly noticable and recognised. I have had countless 'you smell nice' comments and it is without doubt a smell for the modern guy and the fragrance lasts for many hours. It is very well packaged and marketed and really goes down a treat with the ladies.
positive I smelt this today after reading alot of reviews about it and..

I was delighted :D

As its got alot of vanilla (I LOVE VANILLA) i did adore the smell; but it did come of as abit sweet, maybe abit too sweet? 

Also, i got abit of cherry from this? Anyone else get that or is this just me? cos i was getting some cherry and alot of vanilla on the dry down?

Anyway, even tho it is quite sweet, i am pretty sure i will pick up a bottle of this soon.
positive It took me a while to warm up to this fragrance but it is the fragrance that made me realize that you actually have to wear a particular scent before you can decide whether you like, love or hate it.  The opening of Le Male is what initially turned me off about the fragrance.  I got a peppery cardamom scent at the beginning that I didn't particularly care for.  That is what made write off this scent initially that was until I smelled Le Male on co-worker of mine that had gone into the dry down.  It made me actually test Le Male on my skin... well long story short is I got to experience the wonderful mint-lavender-cinnamon middle and the vanilla-tonka-amber finish.  Im still not a huge fan of the opening but still an overall great scent.  Projection is good while the longevity on my skin holds for 14+ hours.
positive Vanilla and mint dominate this frag. I enjoy it. I keep reading how projection and longevity are beast with this more but I don't experience that. 
positive It's a good fragrance. Not the best, but good enough to earn a thumbs up from me. It's a powdery sweet scent with great projection and longevity. The bottle design is amazing, and it looks great displayed on a shelf :) I own the limited edition flask version though. Once i get through with this bottle, I'm going to purchase another one for sure!
positive The first time I tested this I was not impressed and it was easily forgotten.
For Christmas my wife got me a sample pack from Sephora, this was one of the frags in the box.
I tested each one on my skin daily just to see the outcome, boy was I shocked.
This package contained two of my favorites, D&G The One and Gucci Guilty and
this one won me over after trying it on my skin.
4 hours in and I swear it is just as strong as when I put it on.
I am not usually a fan of the "soapy" smells but this one blows my mind.

I am a huge fan.
positive Crowded, synthetic. So what? If looking for a fragrance for a night out, that has good performance in skin and like the girls, this is your candidate.

negative Genre: Woody Oriental

This dull, aging, straight-laced, (if socially progressive,) straight guy grants kudos to the house of Jean Paul Gaultier for openly courting the gay male market well before it was politically correct to do so – back in those benighted times when “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” actually looked like a step forward. Insofar as the packaging and winking sailor boy from The Village People ad campaign were unambiguously and unashamedly targeted – not to mention decades in advance of Etat Libre d’Orange – I say good for Gaultier. I only wish they’d given the guys a better scent.

I have no idea what perfume critic Tania Sanchez was sniffing when she described Le Mâle as a “light, soapy lavender scent,” but to me the contents of the bottle with the bulging crotch rank among the loudest, crudest entries in the sugared 1990s tidal wave that included A*Men, Pi, Rochas Man, Lolita Lempicka au Masaculin and Joop! Homme. I find this especially remarkable given that it’s purported to be the work of Francis Kurkdjian , him of Enlévement au Sérail, Acqua di Parma Iris Nobile, L’Eau Noire, and Ma Dame. The composition smells very simple, and all I get out of it besides Ms. Sanchez’s lavender is powdery vanilla, amber, and a monstrously amplified note of ethylmaltol. This last is the same diabolically shrill, sweet aromachemical that lends the original Angel its syrupy consistency.

The development, if I may deign to call it that, is strictly linear, and the cloying sweet central accord persists at the olfactory equivalent of deafening volume for hour upon hour – which I count as no good thing, given how unpleasant I find Le Mâle. Contrary to some others, I actually find Kurkjian’s recent floral variation, Fleur du Mâle, far more wearable and interesting.

negative A classic scent destroyed by reformulationJean Paul Gaultier's Le Male was a masterpiece of simplicity and design. Some people thought it was a victim of its own success but popularity was never due to hype or marketing, rather it was down to one simple and fundamental truth (often forgotten in fragrance world), Le Male just smelled so bloody wonderful. Le Male was never a complex scent, just a perfectly balance of duality - its intense vanilla dry down tempered beautifully by mint and a hint of lavender. It was also renowned for its projection and longevity across the board, something rare with so many different and subjective reactions to fragrances. So it's with a heavy heart that I inform the reader that Le Male has, most likely, been reformulated as a shadow of its former self. I've purchased 5 bottles over the past six months, all from reputable sources and they have all inspired contempt and frustration. The new formulation has dropped the heavy vanilla dry down in favor of something more subtle. It's not unpleasant but it's far less sweet than the original formulation and seems a little more powdery. It has also become far less potent. In fact, I'd go so far to say that its projection is weak. It stays so close to the skin as to become none existent. Longevity remains decent - around 6-7 hours, less than its earlier incarnation - but because the projection is so slight and the scent so bland, longevity becomes mostly irrelevant. I don't think that there has been any official word from Jean Paul Gaultier but the forums are abuzz with speculation. I remained objective in my assessment - negative experiences with scents often comes down to fake bottles or stale perfumes - but I feel confident that I've given enough time, and enough money (!), to confirm my judgement. In conclusion, be wary when purchasing Le Male. I suggest hunting down older bottles, if you know what to look for (it's been suggested that the older formulations have darker stripes on the bottles). Otherwise, lower your expectations of this once beautiful creation and mourn the defiling of a classic male fragrance.Pros: Retains hints of its older versionCons: Weak projection, weak longevity, lack of vanilla intensity"

neutral Cuba Gold has bad, tacky packaging. JPG took Cuba Gold, found even worse packaging, and raised the price from $3.99 to $64. Le Mâle is God's way of telling you have too much money.
neutral Shalimar for Men. Then...... pleasant musk. 
neutral A sweetish, very synthetic scent with a sweet minty start that becomes increasigky flowery -mainly lavender - to be completely dominated by vanilla in the drydown. Overloaded and unbalanced at times, it's main fortes is a splendid longevity of eight hours in cool weather. 
neutral This is a very complex fragrance and it does involve into something interesting to say the least. I'll be honest and say it is semi pleasant but it is not my kind of scent and I wouldn't wear it in public. First initial impression is baby powder and vanilla.

Try it before you buy it.

positive There's nothing left to say about this wonderful scent. Classic and timeless, definetely a must have for any fragrance lover. A wonderful mix of lavender, vanilla and tonka bean (mainly) that lingers for a long time in your skin. Thumbs up!
positive I love this stuff..  Been wearing it for years, and yeah a lot of people wear it, but it lasts a long time and I think it smells great.  Asked for another bottle for Christmas this year..
positive What an absolute classic this is.

The first 5 seconds of this fragrance is possibly my favourite smell in the world. A blast of fresh, minty masculinity. The drydown calms down but is still really pleasant and agreeable, you won't find a woman that doesn't love the way this smells on you. 

Lasts forever, very versatile, the bottle is a classic on your shelf, can't ask for anything more. 
positive Great fragrance, a little synthetic but had a great projection and longevity. The girls love it. : )
positive one of the all time clasics,( cool water, acqua di gio). unrealistic smell of mint,cinnamon and vanilla that is done perfect. if you love sweet orientals this is for you. beware of the bootleggers. if you get the 4.2 oz bottle for 30 bucks you have been scammed. this, chanel and acqua di gio are the most bootlegged scents..
positive Even though this one has been around for a while, I have to rate in as if I just smelled it for the first time. Longevity is a beast on this one. The scent is on point also. The only thing about this frag is everyone has it. If you want to stand out of the crowd, this may not be for you. But if you want a scent that's going to hang around for a while, this is your juice.
positive VANILLA BOMB!!!

So whats there to say about this 1 that hasn't been said? Not Much anyway...I just had to get this Gem of a fragrance. Growing up in middle school i used my brothers Cuba gold all the time it just smelled so sweet and elegant, idk lol thats just how i pictured it at the time. A few years later after wearing Eternity and Hugo(again my brothers haha) i found out Cuba gold was a "knock off" of JPG, it had been years since i had smelled cuba gold so i figured why not give this "JPG" a try. So i purchased a bottle, initially i was thinking "what the heck is this?". I smelled traces of cuba gold but nothing too similar. Than about an hour into it i start smelling something familiar ,i start sniffing my wrist And Wow it smelled just how i remembered cuba gold smelling like but much better...

Anyway now that i own a few more bottles this stuff smells somewhat dated it just brings back a lot of fond memories, and its no longer my favorite :( haha...Nevertheless i still LOVE the smell once it settles down after about an 1hr into it. It just starts off too strong thats my only Knock on it. But as stated this is Either a Love or hate fragrance.

Three words To describe this VANILLA, VANILLA, SEXY....Not the best Vanilla scent but its not Ever so popular for NO reason!

positive The classic manly vanilla fragrance. Over here in Georgia, USA not many people wear it, so this is fantastic.The smell is excellent: minty, lavenderish vanilla. Potency is great with this fragrance, and I don't find it cloying if you over spray (the mintiness and comforting feel of the vanilla are not heavy). Should be good all year around, summer time included (nights preferably). Spring time I think is the best time for this fragrance, since I like to bring out the really gourmandy scents in the coldest weather. This is definitely great for regular temperatures though. Will get attention and cause smiles. Great fragrance.
positive If you like vanilla and mint this is for you! The performance is incredible. Sure, its not the most natural smelling thing, but if all your worried about is smelling natural then why don't you stick to BO. This scent is delicious and a lot of women love it. If your in highschool this might be great for you. Not many kids where good fragrances at that age, and with this being so sweet it will set you apart from all the fresh scenes kids wear. Just go easy on the trigger and you'll be good. Also the colder is gets the better this smells. There's just something inviting about this in cooler weather. 
positive Awesome. I love it. My only problem is it reminds me of shockwaves hair get from the 1990's
I dont think its as popular in the Uk as it used to be i think the the kids have moved on to 1 million and other frags now.
Its fairly linear which suits me fine no worrying about what its going to develop into and its strong. 2 sprays at most are all you need. Its almost like someone lets off a mint and vanilla bomb. Good for nights out, might be too cloying in summer when its hot

positive Lot of people has got their own views about JPG LE MALE but it's one of the best perfumes ever created.I feel ,it's ignored by by a lot reviewers because it's used by a hell lot of people and its very common.Otherwise this perfume is a great creation ,no one can deny the fact.It's a mint and vanilla bomb.I dont really know any other perfume which has got such a day long staying power.Its truely a monster.People might talk about A*Man,Joop and lot of other things but these all do not posses the same quality notes.I use it in the morning and it keeps on going strong till evening.As far as the projection concerned ,no other can beat this.Belive it or not.Guys ,if you want to find out mistakes ,you can find it out anywhere,even in the most greatest things in the world.
positive Love it, been wearing it since high school. Sweet, woody, vanillic, and yes it is a bit synthetic and overdone. But its JPG after all.

Also it has in my opinion the best executed note of cumin in perfumery: it does not smell one iota like mexican or middle eastern food, it does not smell one bit like very bad body odour (which is why I dislike cumin), yet it adds a slight funk to the blend as it dries down and descends from the sweeter, heavier, louder top into the lower pitched coumarin-rich vanillic base. Very nice, provided you don't bathe in it.

Also I've noticed that last year's formula tweaking lessened its sillage, and it now seems to spoil very quickly. I kept an unsealed bottle of a formulation from about 10 years ago, and its fine, but 10 months with the newer formulation and it smells like its beginning to deteriorate, but still quite good.

End of the day: don't care about how overdone it is, how widely it is used, and the type of people who use it. Its a great fragrance, and does me very well. 4.5/5.
positive I live in St. Louis, MO - and this one is pretty well known in these parts as a club-only scent. I faked hating it for a long time before I would admit to owning a bottle. The stuff is truly beautiful. I have seen women literally roll their eyes in pleasure when sniffing my shirt. It smells a little fem to me, but hey - the wife loves it, so it has a home in my collection of bottles. There is no denying it's authority. One spray would get me through a weekend on the farm working around pigs.
positive Scent: Mint, Vanilla, Lavendar, Spices (Sweet/Spicy)

Usage: From 1 being rarely used by people and 5 being most commonly used, this fragrance gets a 5.  It's very popular and best-selling, for good reasons, but at the same time it's own success is what makes it for some people difficult to wear because they do not want to smell like several other guys.

Longevity: Lasts 6 to 10 hours (8 for me)

Projection: Initially overpowering, so wear a half hour before going out.  Stays strong throughout, doesn't die down.

Sprays: Since it is very strong, I recommend only 1 spray.  2 at the very most.  NEVER any more than 2.

Caveats: If you find sweet scents cloying, you may not like this.  This is a very sweet fragrance.

Recommended Age Group: Younger crowd (15 to 30), but anybody though.

Overall Rating: 9 out of 10 

Verdict: A classic, that belongs in all collections.

positive If you've been to a bar or club in the last decade in a major city you've smelled multiple guys rocking this. Powdery, floral, spicy, woody. It's pretty complex and it is ubiquitous for a reason. Women like it. It projects like crazy. It basically kicks noses in the balls and takes no prisoners. It's very masculine in that sense, even if it is pretty powdery and floral. 

Night-only people. Preferred in the winter/fall. I smell far too many undergrad-types sporting this during the day in the summer. It gets cloying and can turn many people off, especially in close quarters. 

Still, it's well made, is loved by men and women alike, and has a proper place in the clubbing scene. Just don't overdo it.
positive Opens up with sweet lavender and by the hour i get a nice spicy fresh vanilla and as the hours go by i pick up a slight cinnamin,and all i smell now is vanilla and what i believe is "mint". Very good :).
positive The scent is pretty good and projects awesome. I'd only would wear this on clubbing nights and I don't want to be wearing what the guy next to me is wearing so its a no for me. Ladies do like this.
positive I don't know what it is about Le Male, but it sends me into a frenzy! Perhaps because it reminds me of someone? The powdery sweetness of the vanilla combined with mint, cardamom and cinnamon is the perfect mix of sugar and spice, surprisingly quite masculine. However, I'm a female and wouldn't hesitate to wear this either. Someone in another review compared it to "body funk," but it reminds me of a freshly perspired man, skanky in a good way!
positive Very sweet, powdery, a bit minty and some tobacco, to my nose. But I would stress VERY powdery and sweet, and fairly linear. Sillage is not as impressive for me as for others, but no slouch. Longevity ia about 4-6 hours projecting, and another 2-4 very close, maybe 6-8 overall. This is very similar to Joop! Homme to me, and if you like sweet and if you like one, I would think you would like the other. I think it is worthowning one, but not both. I picked up Joop! first, so I will pass on le Male. I believe Joop! costs less as well, not sure. Also, Joop! has more longevity foe me.

Good scent, very powdery, a bit feminine, in fact, reminiscent of Joop! to me, and I prefer the latter.  However, I am not averse to powdery sweet on occasion, and this one is a pleasant enough interpretation of that, with some other fun notes mixed in, so thumbs up for me.
positive Now this fragrance has one of the best projection and longetivity. This is definetaly a sweet smell, so use it sparingly. Half to one full spray is enough for me. This is a good compliment getter if you wear it right. One of my faves.

negative Sweet scent at first sight but too much for my taste. It becomes invasive and unpleasant.
negative With all the amazing reviews I read about this, i just HAD to try it.  I WANTED to like it... but alas, it was not for me.  
When sprayed on the test strip of paper, it was very forgettable, with an undertone i wasn't sure of.  Surely that was just something subtle on thetop notes that would wear off eventually.  So I tried it on my skin.
For 45 minutes all I got was babypowder that had something subtle trying to come out.  Eventually the hidden note came out:  Vanilla.
If vanilla and babypowder are notes you enjoy, then this is the frag for you.  Sadly, I didn't feel that it lived up to the expectations made by all the reviews.  IMHO.
negative Le male contains some of my favourite notes and I was eager to try it.  I really liked this fragrance on the blotter.  Then, I sprayed some on my wrist.  Big mistake!  After 20 minutes, I smelled like I spilled a bottle of Musk for Men by Jovan (a horrible cheap drugstore fragrance that was all too popular back in the 70's).  For months, my mouse pad reeked of white musk. Oddly enough, musk is not mentioned in Le male's olfactory pyramid.  I wonder what it is that reacts so bad on my skin.

Maybe Le male is a great fragrance on some men but on me, it is utterly revolting.  Headache in a bottle, unfortunately.
negative so sweet it mekes me sick, are you sure this was intented for males to use it?
negative I keep trying this one and it's just as nasty as the last time I tried it on.  Smells like a syntheticly sweet plastic.  An assault on the senses.
negative THIS SCENT LASTS FOREVER AND A DAY! I had a spray in a shop and the initial very alcoholly blast put me off a little. After about 20 minutes it blends into a spicy vanilla scent. I personally struggled smelling any lavender or mint but there you go. I really don't see what the big fuss is with this fragrance. However, the sillage/projection/longevity cannot be faultered.

neutral This fragrance (Le Male) is in the same category as Chergui and Givenchy Pi: baby wipes.

When reviewing a fragrance, it is best to cast aside personal preference and try to rate the fragrance objectively. The cardamom, caraway, and cinnamon add depth and warmth, while the vanilla and tonka bean turn the whole thing into a delicious baked treat. I’m having a tough time picking up on the mint. The lavender adds a masculine nuance, but in the end it’s all about a baby’s rear end.

Here’s the breakdown:
Le Male: baby wipes + spices 3.5/5
Chergui: baby wipes + hay and tobacco 3/5
Pi: baby wipes + baby wipes + vanilla 2/5

neutral Not a bad scent.  Just way to sweet for my meat!
neutral it reminds me of the barber shop which i visited with my dad they used a powder which exactly smelled like this
neutral This is a nice little fragrance, but sadly underwhelming. Top notes are cinnamon, cardamom, with a hint of lavender/ginger. Middle is clean linen. Once dry it is powdery vanilla. Not that the success of a fragrance should be measured by this, but I can't catch the scent 10 minutes after applying it. Occassionally, I will catch the faint vanilla. It wears close to the skin with absolutely no projection or sillage. Starts of well, but loses stamina and complexity almost immediately. I would not purchase this again. 
positive This is certainly powerful for a cedrat-driven scent. I have to say, though, I'm not sure I remember L'Occitane's cedrat EDT being ever so different from CD in its overall composition. Consistent, strong sillage, if that's what you're after. In my view, it's the cedrat note that sets this composition apart from cheaper scents.

It is a little disturbing that it stays fresh for quite this long. I find it linear, unremarkable, but there's something endearing in just how much Mancera has put in for the punters.
positive This is an absolute powerhouse of a fragrance.

Every time I wear it I get noticed and I get comments even so much that one of my work colleagues immediately went out and bought a bottle of this after smelling it on me.

It's bold, smokey, a little fruity at the start, and on me carries quite a medicinal note. It is a little linear after the opening but given how solid a performer it is, I'd simply be nit picking to criticise it for that.

I would't know how close Cedrat Boise is to Aventus because I've never compared the two. Regardless I'd rather have a bottle of this monster performer any day.

Also just an additional note to point out how nice the bottle feels in the hand. Nice solid bottle with a cool feeling metallic cap, all delivered in a nice Montale/Mancera style carry pouch.

Lovely stuff.
positive Very pleasant woodsy lemon - very wearable and versatile but not as interesting as the note listing and hype seem to suggest - I don’t get much of the florals or blackcurrant - I just get more lemony wood in the dry down. It’s still nice though and avoids smelling like a cleaning product (which most lemon scents don’t.) The absence of the fruity florals leave it a bit wanting though to be bottle worthy.
positive Creamy, buttery lemon.

Lasts all day, with 2-3 sprays.

And on my clothes in the mornin'.


Great juice, the wife loves it.  The only gripe would be that it's fairly linear.
positive This has to be the most outrageously misrepresented fragrance I've ever come across.
All the reviews are constantly comparing this to Aventus. It has absolutely NOTHING in common with Aventus. I can understand when people lump other fragrances like Pineapple Vintage, Zara Vibrant Leather, Mont Blanc Explorer etc into the category of Aventus. Those fragrances definitely are in a similar class and share a similar DNA.
However, MCB is a much darker, richer, heavier fragrance that has more in common with Chanel Coromandel and Allure Edition Blanche, than any resemblance to Aventus.
Also, MCB is a leather fragrance. The leather is quite sharp from the start and settles down to a more suede and ambery, woody vanilla in the drydown.

I almost feel guilty for even mentioning Aventus in this review, because these two fragrances shouldn't be appearing in any sort of list together. But sadly, it's so commonly compared to Aventus that I feel that the myth needs to be thoroughly dispelled.
I also feel like this is some sort of test to allow us to more easily identify the hype gallery amongst the community. If you're saying this smells anything like Aventus, I think you need to spend a little more time trying other fragrances and less time reading reviews. I'm not sure what started this thing with drawing parallels to Aventus, but it needs to stop. Was its original formulation more similar? I have no idea, but the one I have is not even in the same category.

This all said. MCB is not a bad fragrance. Just don't expect it to be anything like what all the frag bros harp on about.
I do like Coromandel and Allure Edition Blanche. MCB sits more alongside them. It's not a bright, fresh, open fragrance. It's darker and richer.
positive Quite possibly my most commented on and favoured fragrances. Has a very satisfying opening and this develops into a long-lasting scent of at least five to six hours. An absolute classic of a fragrance and one I go back to, time and again.
positive It doesn't smell like Aventus up until the drydown, but it has more going for it on the top and mid. I'd say Aventus for the day, and Cedrat for night outs. Overall, I like it more than my 16L Aventus.
positive This is a really nice masculine fragrance that gives me similar vibes as Creed Aventus, but isn't a clone of that fragrance in any way really. To my nose, only the opening reminds me of Aventus (and mainly due to the sweet blackcurrent note). The opening is bergamot, blackcurrent, cedarwood, lots of black pepper, and a hint of violet leaf to my nose, making it sweet yet spicy and masculine leaning at the same time. On the drydown though, it goes in the direction of mostly cedarwood with blackcurrent and a bit of bergamot in the background, and doesn't remind me of Aventus at all (no noticeable leather notes). In fact it reminds me of Creed Bois du Portugal and Lalique pour Homme (Lion) due to the prominent and natural smelling cedarwood note, and also a bit like Dior Sauvage.

This is like a power scent. It's a scent you wear to a business meeting or when you want to make a statement or your presence known. "Cedrat Boise" as a name is very appropriate, but I feel it should've been called "Cassis Boise" because the blackcurrent and cedarwood are stars of this show.

Projection is insanely good (2 sprays was almost too much for me and nearly choked me out; 1 spray is all I can do with this fragrance). In fact projection is so strong I'd classify this as a winter scent. While longevity is also insane, projecting strongly for over 8 hours and even through a workout! Overall this is an amazing masculine fresh yet sweet and heavily woody fragrance with absolutely nuclear performance. 

5/5
positive A nice and clean fragrance; lemon with woody undertones. Not as smoky as Aventus, this is more geared towards fruits and woods. The opening is lemon, the mid is lemon supported by fruits, and the dry down is woody. The opening does have that fruity Aventus vibe but I think CB is different and remains its own fragrance from start to finish.
positive An awful lot of noise comes from the online fragrance community across forums, YouTube, and social media, especially from the CISHET male side about how Mancera Cedrat Boise (2011) is the big "Creed Aventus (2010) killer" made to put the house in its place for considerably less. This is absurd, and has righteously caused many Creed sycophants to instantly declare this an enemy/usurper (which is a bit theatrical but not far off), while others whom agree with the declaration think they've earned some modicum of hipster colognoisseur cred by wearing the Mancera over the Creed. Once all the silly High School drama clears and we're left with Cedrat Boise sitting on it's own merits, what we actually have is a fragrance released by a perfumer who is in his own little world (likely from sniffing too much synthetic oud) that is indeed a competitor for the same demographic almost by accident, but actually smells more like higher-quality and more-natural predecessor to Dior Sauvage (2015). Another glaring facet that "dudebros" seem to forget is Cedrat Boise is not a gendered fragrance, and therefore all but unisex without being called such, so folks with feminine chemistry are also meant to try it to see what results can be wielded from wearing it. I do agree that like many Unisex Creeds, Cedrat Boise mostly appeals to masculine tastes, but not by the design of the house of course, since "citrus woody" as its name roughly translates could apply to a number of feminine perfumes. Cedrat Boise is a dry woody scent with a juicy sharp fruity citrus punch on top, and a few key synthetics to shape it out, which is where I get most similarities with it and the designer bomb known as Sauvage.

Mancera Cedrat Boise opens with a brief rush of dry bergamot, followed by Sicilian lemon, and a sweet blackcurrant note which is the biggest comparable facet to Aventus it has. The connection to the later Sauvage is much stronger and almost instant as well; one can surmise that François Demachy of house Dior must have taken huge inspiration from Pierre Montale's work here when he composed Sauvage, especially in the base construction. I can see where the fruity presentation might sniff of Aventus from afar, but a total lack of pineapple (or the ability to tell it apart from blackcurrant) instantly kills all serious likeness between Aventus and Cedrat Boise to me. A touch of dusty white florals and cardamom spice inhabit the middle of Cedrat Boise, while the blackcurrant continues into the heart, joined by a white patchouli note and jasmine hedione. A telltale norlimbanol scratchiness which is milder than Sauvage but close in throbbing tone announces the base, and also distances Cedrat Boise from Aventus even further, both in quality and personality. A white musk and cedar note finish out Cedrat Boise, with hints of leather softened by vanilla and shined up with a sliver of oakmoss bite, whatever quantity is allowed by IFRA these days anyway. Sillage is mild overall, and downright weak for the usual Montale/Mancera composition, but longevity is stellar at 12+ hours assuming you don't become anosmic to the musk or synthetic karmawood. This is a perfect year-rounder generalist through and through for folks digging this vibe, so wear it where you will, and maybe make it a signature if you're a one-scent kind of person. My only complaint is I'd get bored really fast if this was my signature of choice, since this style is all but standardized anymore.

A big weak point to Cedrat Boise if compared directly to Aventus is the scratchy norlimbanol, although not as intense as what is found in the later Sauvage, but still gives Cedrat Boise an obvious synthetic quality which Aventus is much better at hiding with its house ambergris. Secondly, without pineapple or vetiver, the only real link they share is the white floral heart, and that's too brief, but for noses not as finely-honed, I can see where the confusion in telling them apart lies. I also honestly don't think Cedrat Boise was made to be an "Aventus Killer", as marketing anything that way is setting up for failure with critics, who have by and large embraced this juice. Lastly, Cedrat Boise is one of a glut that Pierre Montale churns out yearly for his own houses, precluding any notion of targeting another scent's market, especially considering Aventus was barely even a year old by that point, and not yet the hype monster it would become in the fragrance community. Guys who like Sauvage but find it too sharp, loud, or shrill should really check into Cedrat Boise, and fans of Aventus should add this alongside, as discounters often sell it at designer price points, so you can get it with less risk. Old heads will likely hate Cedrat Boise, but it's almost deserved disappointment if you prefer mossy or animalic masculines and dive into psuedo-synthetic "nouveau-niche" like this without first testing. I am a fan of the fruity sharp citrus synthetic woods style (much to the chagrin of some peers), as for me it's the early 2000's come again, but I'd not recommended this over anything it compares to because Cedrat Boise feels less like a replacement for a popular masculine and more like an alternative to sit alongside them in a larger collection; it's a real off-beat "deep cut" of a creation made more for a collector than somebody with a smaller, more pragmatic wardrobe. Thumbs up! 
positive At first when I got this.... I thought it was OK, however after more wearing, what a gem this really is.

Juicy, fruity, woody. 

In the warm weather this radiates and creates a lovely clean fresh Aura,  a bubble of fresh Citrus and Blackcurrant... Before slowly turning woody. 
For all the Creed fans, yeah it has that vibe, however this is like a distant cousin. More friendly and defo better value for the money. 

Mancera hit it out of the Park again for me. Simply delightful. Gains a lot of notice and liked by most around you when wearing. 

Overall Scent 8.9 - 10
Projection 8.6 - 10
Longevity 8.5 - 10

A good 8hrs on my skin
positive I love this! It's canvas is of Citrus based cleaner used in a Public toilet. Jasmine's vague Petroleum Indol and Contemporary creamed Sandal dances a diddle atop. A green Cedarwood note is countered by a fruity Currant.
Apply lightly and concentrate on the playful dance.

Another Mancera fun fragrance.  
positive So Cedrat Boise it seems will be forever known as the Aventus clone. I think that does it a massive disservice. There are similarities for sure. It was obviously inspired by Aventus. But CB is different. It is much creamier than Aventus. It is certainly fruitier. 

Very nice indeed. 
positive This is Mancera  showing Creed how to do it as far as green woody fragrances are concerned Cedrat Boise is far superior to Aventus. Its more focused, cleaner, fresher, more of masculine edge to it, less 'damp and green'. The difference between walking in a fresh cool sunny meadow versus one that's just been rained in. Or a picture perfectly in focus showing that is what the scents meant to be versus someone who's gone to photoshop. And it's better value for money.
At the other extreme there is always Armaf Club de Nuit which is a budget incredibly accurate clone of Aventus. Mancera however is pure class. 

Fragrance: 4/5
Projection: 4/5
Longevity: 4/5

Stop press: June 2019: Notino are selling 120 ml bottles for £52 including postage. Cheaper than the 60 ml bottles!
positive A quite fruity (kind of apparently berrish and surely lemony) sophisticated creamy sandalwood. There is a quite present lemony/grassy aura (the cedrat vibe) which is musky and floral (definitely classic in effect - some old school or classically appointed sandalwood/jasmine-implementations from Estee Lauder or Mark Buxton jump vaguely on mind). The "sandalwood/jasmine/black currant connection" is surely central. I detect the "Cedrat Boise-effect" but the note of sandalwood (a floral sophisticated musky sandalwood) is equally dominant. Feminine.
positive Strong citrus and the jasmine in the opening. It reminds me of Mr. Balmain but higher quality. The woods and blackcurrent give it a rainy day quality that's nice. It's the best of this type of citrus cedar style I've tried so far. I would probably prefer this to Bois de Cedrat simply for the sillage and longevity. I would also choose this over Mediterraneo Tuscan Cypress. 
positive when first applied,aventus did come to mind. when i smelled my wrist again, the aventus was gone.in an twinkle of an eye, sandalwood stands up in this. cedrat boise has a citrus and woody personality with a discrete vanilla base. lemon,bergamot,sandalwood, cedar, blackcurrant to tone down the citrus, and vanilla....fantastic!!! totally different than aventus, which has a spicey identity. im ready to sign cedrat boise to my starting roster to join my superstars like  aventus.
positive This opens with a rather strong lemon zest, which thankfully dies down rather quickly, but settles in with a sweeter version of lemon, like a meringue.

The fruit dominates, with just a touch of cedar in the background, to me a slight astringent tang, just a hint of a Band-Aid, in no way off-putting.

I really enjoy this.

9/10
positive Just received Cedrat Boise and I must say it is a lovely fragrance! Now, I know I am going to make enemies here so for all of my frienemies who say this is a clone of Aventus, smells like Aventus, resembles Aventus....unfortunately I would have to disagree. This is nothing like Aventus from the beginning to the end. And yes, we are all entitled to our own opinions, and mine says I don't get Aventus at all.

I, too, like landshark321 think there are other fragrances that resemble Aventus and due to all the hype put out there regarding these two (among others) I was intentional about locating the similarities and for me there aren't any. The first fragrance that came to mind was Obsession for men by Calvin Klein....
(If this reminds me of anything that would be the aforementioned. I think this is a newer more modern take on the very manly Obsession if to give a point of reference). 

In a league of it own, Cedrat Boise has a woodsy, gourmand feel to it that is creamy and fresh all at the same time. With the Bergamot, Cedarwood, and a very potent Lemon and Blackcurrant that's clearly and artfully done-I see Cedrat Boise as one having created an ambiance of its own; a stand alone fragrance for anytime, anywhere, with....shut yo mouth!!

There is a certain DRY sweetness that you get as all the notes come together. I will give this a bit more time as I adjust...great fragrance overall!!
positive Cedrat Boise by Mancera has a fruity opening, and then it transforms to something familiar to me: fresh, woody, and a little sweet -- one of my favorite scents back in college -- the first version of Colors for Men by Benetton. Cedrat Boise is a lot better, though, and more modern. A gourmet version of fast-food Colors for Men. 

Wearing just a dab sample, Cedrat Boise's longevity is excellent on my skin, and the projection is moderate at best. If you can afford to purchase a full bottle, I'd say go for it. 
positive For me, it's the sandalwood and jasmine notes that star after the initial, very pleasant citrus opening. I get very good performance from this and it's the type of scent i look forward to wearing when the occasion and mood suits.
After several wears of this, it is definitely a keeper in my collection and if it was a choice between a bottle of this or a bottle of Aventus, it's this.

negative So many citrus woodies these days are so uber synthetic and loud that they tag the wearer as hanging with their old mate Screechmella. Walk down a stairwell wearing one and the scent will linger, leaving the next resident to encounter it thinking that the cleaners have done a particularly thorough job this time. 
Cedrat Boise has that garish volume for sure, but also a few grace notes. First, the powerful citrus  – common with all such perfumes – that comes across as strong detergent is somewhat masked by a riotous fruity mix that makes it easier to live with. Second, the synthetic cedar note has a bit of a sappy and green quality to begin with.  
Unfortunately, the mix also reminds me of the fruitsick hell that is CK’s Escape for Men, an act of  perfume violence guaranteed to make me move away from the wearer quicker than any threat of physical harm. It has that same nauseating, highly chemical, watery persistence, common to so many of these bro-juices, that it makes me think I must be an utter snob to feel such visceral revulsion. Perfumes of this ilk are garlic to my inner vampire. You’re safe bro, you really are – go (preferably very, very far away) in peace.

negative Cedrat Boise smells synthetic to me. Sometimes that's not a bad thing, but in the case of Cedrat Boise, it's distracting to me. I couldn't disagree more with the thought that this smells like Aventus. It's nothing like Aventus to me. In fact, this isn't even in the same time continuum as far as enjoyment goes with Aventus, at least for me. Cedrat Boise's wood notes smell more like Cashmeran than cedar or sandalwood to me. The citrus also smells like white musk with hints of citrus. I do get a dash of jasmine in the opening. Wish I could smell the blackcurrant, but the dry down is all about synthetic woods to my nose. I love my new bottle of Red Tobacco by Mancera, but Cedrat Boise is a miss for me. 

neutral Opens with a tropical fruitiness which is a combination of smooth sweetened lemon and bergamot sharpened with a spritz of blackcurrant. I can see how this accord is reminiscent of pineapple, but for the Aventus lovers out there, it isn’t obviously pineapple and there is no smokiness whatsoever. It then has white florals as a bridge to the smooth woody/musk base.

Too be honest... despite already getting compliments on it... it’s not really my thing. I feel like I have betrayed the niche gods by dabbling in the dark designer arts.

Recommended for niche lovers looking for something more designer, generic leaning and socially acceptable, when Muscs Koublai Khan or Fumerie Turque isn’t appropriate.
neutral Odd that I just happened to review Aventus today as well, as it was completely unplanned and next in my rotation to review. Serendipitous!

Spicy citrus-cedar-the bergamont comes through, as does the lemon. The lemon does smell very synthetic to my tastes. Unlike Aventus, which smells very natural throughout, this has a strong artificial element to it which I, unfortunately, do not care for. There is little sweetness here: almost undetectable currant that is very faint. I don't find that this projects anymore than Aventus, nor do I find it any more long lasting: very similar in their duration and action.  I'm not sure I'd say I care for one more than the other: would I trade a synthetic lemon-cedar scent with a woody base to town down the sweetness, or a cloyingly sweet but natural smoky pineapple fragrance? Either way, I find them both above average. Although they may be used for similar situations, they are different scents altogether.

Linear, perfectly acceptable summer fragrance that is probably (definitely) more expensive than it should be. Very forgettable, but not something you'll regret wearing.

6/10




neutral It starts with a pungent blast of fruity pebbles as opposed to the pineapple, apple, and bergamot.  Aventus birch is traded for an application of cedar, becoming a bit more astringent than smoky.  Lasts a bit longer than its competition.  To me, this gives the same impression as Aventus.  I could see using them interchangeably, in similar situations.  But, it is a different scent altogether, and not a clone.  
neutral Fruity, woody, musky. 

Cedrat Boise is a fresh fruity fragrance, with the emphasis on fruits. It's a basket of fruits, and you can sense lemon, pineapple and blackcurrant, while there is only a hint of florals. The fruits are supported by a conventional woody note that smells of cedar, and hints of musk. It is not leathery to me, and is quite linear from start to finish. I find that here the fruity notes together with musk create a strange accord, somewhat synthetic, that I do not quite like. I usually don't enjoy fruity fragrances, but this is well balanced. 

This is often compared to Aventus, but Aventus has more prominent pineapple, and is distinctly smokier and leathery. Cedrat Boise has none of those attributes. Compared to Aventus, Cedrat Boise has persistent noticeable projection, good sillage and lasts more on skin. However, in this style my clear favourite is Morning Chess by Vilhelm Parfumerie. The fruity aspect of Cedrat Boise also reminds me a bit of Minotaure.

Overall a nice but unremarkable fresh fruity-woody composition with mainstream appeal. 

2.5/5 
neutral My Mancera sample must be off because I get a very smoky Aventus vibe from Cedrat Boise. It actually reminds me of Glenn Peri Unpredictable Adventure. I still get plenty of lemony-fruits in the top notes but it’s all very smoky. This lasts for about 4-5 hours.  Later, it’s a creamy, sweet woods scent. Something in it reminded me of the drydown in F Black. My sample must be off. 

Projection is pretty good while the top notes are still going. The whole thing lasts about 8-9 hours on me. 

Update: Own a full bottle now and this is much more fresh and pleasing. The opening isn’t as smokey as I remember but it’s still a little smokey, dry and sharp. The drydown is a very pleasant and attractive clean, woody, masculine scent that has me repeatedly smelling where I sprayed on my arm because I just don’t remember it smelling this clean and fresh. Still very good performance even with only a couple sprays, which may be the key to making this so fresh and clean. 
neutral Strikes me as reasonably different from Aventus / CDNI but similarly fruity; the blackberry I suppose, its sweetness not overdone. The opening is all about lemon. The drydown lacks the birchy interest of Aventus / CDNI. I'll stick with CDNI.
neutral A little fruity, sweet and creamy (I guess from some vanilla). I get almost an orange cream pop vibe or something from it. 
positive Vanilla-infused turpentine.  Musty, moldy antique wood furniture.  I like it...  I'd say this is a rather dark, woody vanilla, bordering on boozy at times.  This house rarely impresses me.  I find their fragrances rather mainstream, pedestrian, or boring.  This one, intrigues me.

Wooden vanilla fades into a creamy, almost ice cream flavor later on, with sprinkles of pencil shavings.  Ha!  An unusual vanilla scent for sure...
positive This is lovely. My association with vanilla is that it's usually sweet and gourmand, but this is darker, more like smelling an actual vanilla bean, maybe with some dark rum. Subtle, not intense. If it didn't sound so cheesy, maybe it would be called "Vanille Noir."
positive 

Peppery, citrusy, woody vanilla. A tempered yet perceptible vanilla note of good quality thats not cloying or overly saccharine; woven in with a diverse set of citrus, vetiver and oakmoss notes. Well blended, very versatile and one of the best "dry" and "easy to wear" vanilla fragrances alongside Creeds' Sublime Vanille (which has a more upfront vanilla presentation). 

A vanilla fragrance good enough to convert a vanilla-denier. 


positive Excellent no frills vanilla, can be worn by both men and women, however I would love to smell this on a guy. Your not going to get the gourmand baking vanilla so prominent in other vanilla heavy perfumes. Excellent oak moss and vetiver notes, woody undertones.  
positive Vanilla is a scent I often struggle with, particularly boozy vanillas or anything with even a vaguely cupcakey accord. This is dry, which seems to be a far less common presentation - certainly vanilla isn't something I particularly associate with the cologne genre. As others have said, Insensee means 'insane', rather than 'incense', although I don't find madness or excess in this at all - if anything, it smells rather introverted in character, despite having decent projection; lasts well too, being a Cologne Absolue. I loved it at first sniff and, from the fact that my first sniff was from an amber-coloured, rather ancient-looking sample, I can tell you that it ages well, getting deeper and a little warmer.
It opens with a full and vibrant lime, a juicy opening for a scent which dries down papery, dusty and (as ClaireV so insightfully pointed out) with something of the Communion wafer about it. Maybe it's the lapsed Catholic in me that loves this, maybe it's the bookworm...
It works well as a base under herbal freshies, too - a great way to transition them between seasons. I definitely get a spike of vetiver in the drydown, to my nose it shows as an earthiniess below the papery accord.


Also, am I the only who just loves the Atelier bottles? Like pebbles, there's something really comforting about them in the hand - just the right weight and those rounded corners are lovely.
positive One spray of this and I was reminded of a Bruno Acampora oil (Vanyl) which foxed me a couple of months ago as I felt it was a 'green' vanilla in the sense of not sweet. Just read Kotori's review of Vanille Insensée here and she mentions that it smells like the pods rather than baked goods made with vanilla - that is spot on! I had become so used to vanilla being sweet and body lotionish that I'd completely lost the association with the real thing. So VI is a cool rather than cozy vanilla, and I like it. A couple of hours later, it's humming along and exuding a feeling of calm and wellbeing (not cookie scented at all!).
Although it's not something I'd rush out to get for myself, I'm very happy to try it and if I ever wanted a vanilla of this type it'd definitely be a contender.
positive Ahhh... it makes a lot of sense to know Ralf Schwieger created this one. The style reminds me of Fils de Dieu or the Merveilles line. "Insane Vanilla" is a vanilla-dominant cologne (as in eau de) with a contrasting orange peel note and some supporting jasmine, moss, and woods. The jasmine blends well and whispers softly, never once attempting to overthrow the vanilla. It is a cold vanilla, based on the pod, not the extractor any baked goods featuring it. In the sense of coldness and darkness, it resembles Eau Duelle EDT by Diptyque, though not in the actual notes (other than the pod-based vanilla). This is one of my favorite ever vanillas, which I've learned after a two-year long vanilla quest. Very intelligently composed and modern.
positive Very nice vanilla that has that old book smell (Not a bad thing). It does have that Memoirs of a Trespasser vibe.
positive Vanille Insensee by Atelier Cologne is one of the only three vanilla-centered fragrances that I would consider adding to my collection. The list also includes Salimar EDC and L de Lolita Lempicka (sadly discontinued). Lately, it seems like half the beauty and bath products on the market are laced with vanilla, and I can see why—it is universal, comforting, and not “perfume-y”. On the other hand, if I am going to burn a hole in my wallet and purchase a fragrance, I except something more than vanilla extract. Vanille Insensee reminds me of a vintage perfume that developed for several hours on the skin. The top notes are long gone and only a hint of floral accord remains. What is left is a gently humming benzoin-laden vanilla with a dose of subdued “oakmoss”, a touch of vetiver, and airbrushed musk. That being said, VI is far from vintage with its burnt sugar turned up full blast and the civet strategically omitted. Even the moss accord has been declawed and given a bath. 

VI is very approachable, yet it provides the wearer with something more than vanilla scented body lotion. My favorite part is the freshly cut hay accord that is screaming for help under the pile of sugar and moss/musk.

4/5

positive UMMM - Vanille Insensee - a favourite from the house. Sampled over 2 consecutive days, and it has bowled me over both days! The note list doesn't make much sense as I don't really get corriander, lime, vetiver or oakmoss. What I get is a fantastically intoxicating vanilla with a citrussy-floral orange blossom type note, this juxtasposition created a 3-dimensional scent with lots of shadows, brighter areas and hidden corners.

The Vanilla is clearly the star of the show. This is a straight-up vanilla scent. It is a lot like opening a tube of raw black sticky vanilla pods and giving it a good sniff - quite a multifaceted smell, a little dark, a little smokey, slightly powdery, even boozy with a kind of burnt-sugar and plastic that raw vanilla can give , thankfully not over-sweet. The supporting notes keep the mind engaged. One of the best vanilla interpretations I've come across. Probably slightly feminine leaning, but distinct enough for a man to carry off. I got a similar vanilla from Lush Vanillary but that one went a bit too cup-cake, this one is more like a light dusting of vanilla infused icing sugar: quite airy, light and transparent. Above all a sensual-romantic classy scent: reminding us that - when fully ripe - natures vegetation can be just as seductive as animalic displays!

Overall 82/100. Somehow not doing so well on other reviews, but I'll trust my nose here.Closer to the very best vanillas (Guerlains, Mona di Orio etc) than designer efforts. The real magic is in the first hour, then it may resemble a refined Le Male given an unlimited budget. I'd be delighted to have this smell associated with me.
positive Atelier Cologne Vanille Insensee is a creamy vanilla, somewhat gourmand-like, drawing from many different concepts: woody, smoky, and definitely floral.

I didn't get too much citrus in the opening, despite the note listing.  The experience started mainly with the vanilla itself, which didn't wait for the dry down.  Similarly, I account for the amber's presence throughout the life of the fragrance due to the creaminess of the vanilla.  The oak stands in the background throughout, anchoring the fragrance with a dryness that doesn't let it become a fleeting floral nor an overly cake-like gourmand.

To compare to other vanilla-focused fragrances, Vanille Insensee contains some of the booze of Perry Ellis Oud Black Vanilla Absolute, some of the florals of Dame Perfumery Blak Floral, and the darkness of Imaginary Authors Memoirs of a Trespasser, perhaps the insensee (incense?) reminding me of the prominent myrrh note in MOAT.

Now I'm not sure Vanille Insensee is as good as of these fragrances since it doesn't really commit to any one direction all that much, but that might make it all the more agreeable among vanilla lovers and non-lovers alike, the latter since it's relatively easy to wear.

On performance, Vanille Insensee projects more and lasts longer than most of its Atelier Cologne freshie brethren, so it definitely feels more valuable, and at an unusual steal at FragranceX for only $84 for 100ml.

Usage-wise, men and women alike can use this throughout the year.  I imagine it can remain under control in warm weather but not disappear in cold weather either, so I'd speculatively regard this is a solid year-round option.  Not my favorite vanilla but one I might consider adding.

8 out of 10
positive I'm really starting to enjoy Atelier Cologne's fragrances.  They all seem to be slow burners:  I'll spray one on, then think "Hmm, not much to that," and then about an hour later I'll notice a really nice, beautifully balanced fragrance emanating from about an inch from my skin.  Vanilla Insensée is no exception.  It starts as a sweetish vanilla with a lick of lemony jasmine, and then it ends in a light, woody bit of pie-spice.  Quite a polite vanilla, really, in a world full of bombshells, beasts, and layer cakes--but not prim or shy. 
positive Light, refreshing Vanilla...

This is a vanilla that is in keeping with the spirit and direction of Atelier Cologne in that it is an eau de cologne with a vanilla aspect to it. That means that it is not a perfume with a heavy vanilla note. Instead it is one which is surrounded with citrus notes.

The lime and oakwood are the main notes, along with the vanilla, are what make this. I also detect the citron backing up the lime, and the subtle jasmine, giving a dirty quality to the mix.

I think this is a vanilla for people who don't like vanilla in perfumes. A very wearable vanilla for men and a unique, refreshing choice for women. Not bad at all!
positive Nevermind the insanity of the name, this is a pleasantly luminous vanilla-inspired scent with a fraction of the richness associated with the bean and none of the heft. A hint of spice, a touch of floral and a toasty paper-like crispness come together for a surprisingly interesting take on the genre. 

Vanille Insensée smells to me like an improved albeit sweeter version of DSquared Rocky Mountain Wood with its warm floral incense vibes. Performance may vary with individuals but I can't personally fault its sillage nor projection as I find them excellent.
positive vanille edcNon-cuddly vanilla.  More woody than spicy or dessert-like. Papery, actually.  Citrus notes at the top tell you that the vanilla won't be either warm or sweet.  Ambery and smoky notes are accents rather than dominant notes and let the vanilla keep its crisp edge.  The Atelier line purports to reinvent the cologne genre. Without much sillage, strength or endurance Vanille Insensee doesn't step far out of the range of dynamics of the eau de cologne, but the composition certainly isn't the classic citrus edc. It has similarities to l'Artisan Parfumeur Vanille Havane, Serge Lutens Bois de Vanille and Parfums de Nicolai Vanille Intense. Atelier's vanilla shares the coolness of the other vanillas, but is airier, less radiant and more matte. It's the unlikely goldilocks between the contemporary woody vanilla and the classic eau de cologne and a successful refashioning of the edc genre. 
positive Like raw vanilla bean and spice. Haven't tried it alone, but it pairs beautifully with LaVanilla "Pure Vanilla," which has some patchouli in it. Together, they're as satisfying as a hot cup of fresh black coffee.
positive l get a refreshing, woody-citrus opening, & then l smell a lot of white musk along with a whiff of jasmine. lt takes a few minutes for the vanilla to appear, & it's not candy-sweet at all, but dry, & laced heavily with amber. The amber becomes more & more dominant over the next few hours, & the base has a warm, woody, slightly honeyed feel. 
l would say this fragrance is far more about amber than vanilla, so if you're looking for a straight-up vanilla, this isn't it. lt is a very nice fragrance though, & the sillage & longevity are good, this being labelled as a "cologne absolu". l think this is supposed to mean a "perfume-strength cologne", although l don't know why they don't just call it an EDP...

negative A thoroughly cheap-smelling synthetic vanilla mixed with some smokiness; it's both bland and off-putting. 

I'm inclined to be especially harsh here because of the absurd and disgraceful pricing. This is transparently cheap, nasty stuff being sold at entry-level niche pricing.
negative Just another cheap little vanilla.  It's that dumb marshmallow frosting vanilla, with isobutavan added for a hint of nuts and creme soda, and a touch of boozy immortelle that's trying its best to class things up but fails.

Right now, in any town in America, you could go to Ross or TJ Maxx and find a candle or a room spray that smells like this for less than $5.  This is the dictionary definition of what "cheap" smells like.

neutral Whilst I am the vanilla pretty much straight form the opening blast, this turns out to be different from the usual sweet, rich and strong gourmand-style vanilla.       

This vanilla is paired with a bitter lime, which gives the vanilla more brightness and a nigh-fresh character.  There is also a persistent metallic-like undertone that I get throughout the development of this composition.  

In the heart notes a fairly nonspecific woodsiness arises, and touches of cardamom and coriander add gently spiciness from time to time.  

The base adds little new on me, except an amber impression of muted shrillness.  The vanilla is still lingering on until the end, although the citrus element has more or less evaporated by now.  

I get moderate sillage, adequate projection and an excellent ten hours of longevity on my skin.  

This scent for warmer autumn day is based on a pared-down slim, bright and cool vanilla, an anti-vanilla as far the the traditional sweet gourmand versions go.  The mighty drawback is it’s egregiously synthetic and generic nature - maybe to an extent that it is insensée indeed.  A somewhat mundane vanilla, which might of interest to people who dislike the usual heavy vanillas.  2.75/5.  
neutral This is a vanilla cologne for the warmer weather. Vanilla perfumes are usually heavy and sweet and more suitable for colder months, but Atelier manages to produce a blend for the warmer months. The citrus and woody notes surround the center staged creamy vanilla. It is a light gourmand, like a fresh chilled vanilla cream desert. It's moderately sweet, mostly linear and with medium performance.
neutral Vanille Insensée is a light and spicy vanilla that leans towards green freshness, unusual for a vanilla fragrance. The drydown becomes less green and fresh, more of the spice and vanilla.

Projection is very good.
neutral Oh, i was so happy to finally try this one... it sounded like an interesting vanilla. And then, the disappointment. It smells like Demeter! A lot of alcohol and the same "backscent". I think my mind's tricking me into this because of the coriander. It's quite weak but long-lasting. Try Eau de l’Angelus for something similar but much more qualitative, cheaper and potent. I get many compliments with it.
neutral  If you want to smell like singed, buttered tonka this stuff will knock you out. The quieter dimensions at work (especially the moss) keep things in check as best they can, but it's a tough sell to make a truly interesting vanilla-centered fragrance. Not at all a bad scent, overall. Fans of VI looking for a little more dimension may have some fun looking for old samples of Scott McClintock. 
neutral This soft-spoken offering from the typically soft-spoken house of Atelier Cologne made me eat the following words, which I've repeated many times:

"I've never smelled anything similar to any of Imaginary Authors line."

Well, now I have.  Vanille Insensée is not as unique overall as Memoirs of a Trespasser is, but the dry and mellow vanilla smells as if it comes from the exact same aroma chemical.  Honestly, the whole thing smells a lot like MoaT.

As for what I smell, it opens with the signature citrus/bergamot opening that Atelier is so fond of.  The same opening that I can barely detect. About 10 minutes in, I get the type of vanilla I mentioned earlier (dry, mellow) with some nice green/watery notes (not aquatic, though) that come forward as it develops.  There is a nondescript floral note that I can't put my finger on, but I don't get any jasmine.  It settles down into a woody, dry vanilla base.

This a vanilla I can wear.  It's not sicky sweet at all and  like MoaT, comes across as gender-less.

Like almost everything I've tried from Atelier Cologne (I bought sample set of the entire line) this is pleasant and unlikely to offend.  It doesn't particularly wow me though, and neither does Memoirs of a Trespasser, for reference.

Kind of strange that the name contains the word "Insensée" because I detect no incense here.  Although, when I type it into Google Translate, it comes up as "senseless".  So harsh Google!  It's not that bad.
neutral The opening of this fragrance is a very light and transparent semi sweet vanilla smell with the whisper of citruses mix with it.
The vanilla note smell like vanilla ice cream but it's very transparent with small amount of sweetness.
Projection is crap at the start and you can barely smell the scent.
A few minutes later suddenly the fragrance start to warm up and get stronger and sweeter and at the same time some floral notes came in.
The note breakdown says jasmine, but I can clearly smell rose beside warm and sweet vanilla not jasmine.
This combination smell sensual and interesting but it's quite feminine.
In the base some woods joined in and this is where you will find this fragrance almost unisex.
The base is a warm, sweet and sensual vanilla and rose combo with some woods in the background that give the scent a little smoky and dark masculine feeling which is very nice but still much more feminine than masculine.
Projection was terrible at the start and it's stronger and better in the mid and base but still average.
Longevity is good and it's around 8 hours which surprised me because of that mediocre to weak projection.
neutral Metallic vanilla?

Opens with a musky citrus, which smells quite synthetic, although the vanilla is present from the start. After around 30 minutes I get a really weird metallic smell, which persists throughout although becomes less noticeable with time.

Every now and again I get a delicious wisp of vanilla, but on the whole the sillage isn't great on me and it feels like I'm sniffing vanilla through a veil. I don't get the jasmine at all, but rather a clean, musky drydown that seems a little at odds with the promised vanilla.

Might be good for those who want a dryer, lighter vanilla, but this is not potent or rich enough for me. Hats off to Atelier Cologne for selling 7.5 ml samples, however!
neutral Vanilla and a Paperback book....Ok, it sounds weird, but this hits me as a strong dose of vanilla bean, and a supporting note that smells like a hot dry paperback book.  It must be the oak and coriander mix, smells kind of like pepper (not listed as a note).  Despite this, there is nothing special about it in  my opinion.
neutral Dry Vanilla When I was in the shop I made the mistake of assuming "Insensée" referred to incense (the French for incense is encens). Vanilla incense cologne sounded like a great idea. But, actually, the proper translation of "Insensée" would be "crazy" or "insane." Is "Insane Vanilla" a fitting title? For me not so much. 3 stars for quality. Although I'm not a fan of the scent, I can tell it's high quality.  Aroma: Even though Atelier Cologne advertises vanilla from Madagascar in the formula, I don't get the richness that implies. To me the vanilla note comes off rather flat. It reminds me of the synthetic vanilla the casinos pump into the air in Las Vegas to mask the stink of cigarettes. I get a subtle impression of the wood and oakmoss, but it's overwhelmed by white musk. Atelier cologne doesn't call out a musk note in their copy but it's definitely there. The overall impression I get is dry vanilla. I bought the travel spray on impulse along with some other Atelier Cologne fragrances and I'm glad I didn't get a bigger bottle. I'm going to use this for layering I think, but...  Projection, Sillage and Longevity: I find Vanille Insensée to have rather powerful projection and strong sillage. I layered with Ambre Nue and this one completely overwhelmed the other. I wore a little only on my wrists and even wearing a jacket that covered by arms I could smell Vanille Insensée quite clearly. It's been about 9 hours now that I'm wearing it and the scent is still making its way to my nose.  Value: I appreciate that Vanille Insensée is available in a .25 oz. travel spray. Like all Atelier Cologne fragrances, the big bottle is a great value at less than $1 per ml.. Vanille Insensée is also quite strong and a little will go a long way.Pros: Strong projection, sillage and longevityCons: Flat, overly strong
neutral It's funny that I'm seeing the scent pyramid and that Vanille Insensée has all of these notes, because when I was smelling it at the Atelier store, all I really smelled was vanilla bean.  It's not bad, in fact it's smoother than the pure vanilla madness of Love by Kilian.  But honestly, it's not too original and it doesn't really waver from that one note.  
positive A good portion of my adolescence was spent in racing and touring leathers.  Ombré Leather does indeed smell like smooth leather to me (as opposed to suede) plus some sweet florals, as if I had a broken in riding jacket that had picked up some dried down Metallique.  Olfactory memories are amazing.  So strong was the association, for me, it triggered the remembrance of the sweat, shampoo, and plastic-metallic factory smell inside my helmet.  Pretty cool.  Ombré Leather gets two thumbs up for that.  
positive Smells similar to the raspberry opening of Tuscan Leather. But its funny, it only smells similar right off the top. It changes, and becomes a floral leather, then ultimately a dash of ambrox. At times it smells dry and floral like Dia, others its clean smoke patchouli. Its really good, and been an enjoyable wear every time. Lasts about 10 hours. Thumbs up!
positive Raspberry shoe leather!

Others before me have done a good pull-apart of this fragrance, so I won't get too verbose with this.

It's a linear scent that smells like shoe leather with the cardamom and jasmine giving this a slightly floral and sweet touch to it, akin to the faint odor of raspberries.  The best way I could describe this would be for you to go to a Nordstrom/Saks, etc., grab a nice captoe, maybe Allen Edmonds or Ferragamo, from the men's shoe department, walk towards the fragrance department, stand about twenty feet from a fragrance counter where the various perfumes can be smelled in the air, and then bury your face into the shoe and take a big whiff.  This smells like the midway point between the men's shoes section and the fragrance counters.  That's the best way that I can put Ombre Leather into an experiential description.

That said, I like it.  I'm not sure if others would enjoy smelling it on my person, but I just dig it.  I love the smell of good shoe leather, and this is a solid representation of it.  I'm also not sure what situation I'd be in where I would want to wear this or where it would be appropriate, but I do know that it needs to be autumn/winter to pull this one off.

Thumbs up on this quirky number!
positive Effectively a flanker of a flanker, Ombré Leather (2018) is not the unabashed home run that the limited edition Ombré Leather 16 was. Ombré Leather 16 cannily rebuilt Tuscan Leather around a sensual, striking, dark floral heart, creating a dynamic contrast between the leather blast for which Tuscan Leather became so celebrated and a more feminine, formal-feeling supporting structure.

The 2018 release is a drier, starker, more direct affair. The central leather accord is mostly preserved and is still appealing, but the lack of complexity is a significant weakness (unless you're using it for layering purposes). Still a fair buy, though, and I find it more pleasant and balanced than the originator of the line, Tuscan Leather.
positive Very refined, elegant and luxurious. Closest description would be more rounded, smoother and a bit creamy Dior Fahrenheit. I just can't make a better description of it.

Exquisitely well done, albeit not really original. One can't hold any grudge because of this lack of originality because the fragrance is so damn good. It is maybe a bit of a taste to acquire and not for beginners.

Originality 5/10
Scent 8/10
Longevity 9/10
Projection 6/10
_________________
70%
positive A beautiful refined leather frag, elegant, that some sweetness may allow for a woman to wear it.

I agree in saying that it is a more airy/thinner version of Tuscan Leather, with the rasperry being substitued by a jasmine note (that results smelling pretty similar to the rasperry). The drydown gives the impression of a subtle smoky note.

It is less aggressive, less in-your-face than TL, and for sure a more elegant version. It has a more suede leather than dark leather feeling.
That said, there is no compromise in performance, as it project strongly in the first couple of hours, and then stays moderate for another couple of hours. 

Pretty linear, but still another win for me together with Tobacco Oud, after a long series of "meh" from the house of Tom Ford.
Worth considering if you can get it under $100 (look around, it starts to show up for that price!)

Mildly cold evenings, 25+
positive Really nice offering from Tom Ford.

As a big fan of Tuscan Leather I thought this one would be redundant. I was wrong. What we have here is a leather/suede with various floral notes. I've heard others say that this is all leather. I disagree. The floral notes are quite noticeable. 

Doesn't have the staying power of something like TL but very nice in it's own right and would make a great choice for those that find TL a little overwhelming.

8.5/10  
positive Strong leather mixed with florals and warm, sweet caradmom and amber. An interesting combo that had me saying how masculine it made me feel while the wife thought it leaned too feminine.  Quite interesting.

Either way, it's a scent you keep having to re-smell to confirm your original thoughts and then adjust them to the newest nuance discovered after your latest sniff. Is it a Tuscan Leather flanker? No, scratch that.  Is it too feminine with the florals and sweetness? Nope, try again.  I'm enjoying my testing journey with this one as it really has changed my mind from the initial spray.

Projection is very good and longevity to match.  A very good performer.
positive Soothing and smooth leather in the first spritz that holds tight throughout the day.  Reminds me of the leather in Aleksandr but a hundred fold bolder and at the forefront. The jasmine plays second fiddle as leather is still dominant after the dry down. I have a soft spot for cardamom and in Ombre Leather it's has a fried/baked cardamom quality pushing it as more savory rather than sweet.  

I'm not a Tom Ford fan, I often find his perfumes and makeup overpriced, but this perfume I would gladly add to my collection. 
positive After a hugely successful (and underrated) career at YSL, Tom Ford set out to launch his own brand. To the many, this has been successful too, but in terms of fragrance, a disappointment to say the least.

Having only really owned one or two of his scents (Sahara Noir being by far my favourite of all, which is since discontinued), Ombre Leather comes as a welcome addition. Better still, it is not part of the private range.

It isn't hard to see what TF is trying to achieve here. Ombre Leather is a go-between Black Orchid and Tuscan Leather, with a deliberate appeal to both men and women thrown in. The use of nagarmotha is clearly toned-down here, compared to say, Black Orchid. This is welcome and makes this a controversial leather: it's by no means a traditional castorium-based leather. Instead, the black truffle notes of Black Orchid are apparent, as is TF's distinctive patchouli and jasmine accord. I particularly like the jasmine aspect.

The florals give it an added twist of femininity, whilst still holding true to the unisex badge. In fact, this part makes it quite alluring, yet sensual too. The concept of florals and leather is nothing new mind you: from Chanel's Antaeus in the early 80s to Acqua di Parma's more recent Colonia Leather from the Ingredient Collection, the idea has been hanging around for a while.

Ombre Leather maintains a long lasting trail well into the evening and this should be taken into account by the wearer. Projection is also quite strong. It's also worth noting that this is a "smell me from a distance" type of scent. Up close, it can be overpowering.

Finally, the bottle really fits the scent's overall theme quite well, making this a great addition to the 2018 line-up.
positive A sombre, super smooth, mild, post-industrial rubbery leather. A fragrance for rebels and darkly metallic warriors of the inhuman "funky" megalopolis. Cardamom provides a wet-piquant undertone for a while. Uncompromising, smoky, gasolinic and monolithic like a darker Santa Maria Novella Nostalgia. Not my genre but it hits the spot.
PS: dry down is far milder, less "rebel" (less smoky) and more "social" (fancy and glamour), with a subtle ambery/floral wake.
positive This one smells exactly like leather. Leather is the main Accord, I also got a bit of cardamom. Ombre Leather 2018 is possibly a new signature scent for leather fans.


Longevity is up to 10 Hours...



positive As other reviewers have shared, this one is a more appealing alternative to Tom Ford's Tuscan Leather and Ombre Leather 16.

In comparison, this new edition of Ombré Leather is more laid back, not as harsh nor alienating as the others, and is simpler. I get that lovely smell of leather shoes at boutique shoemakers in your typical mall, versus a big stack of thick-hide leather sacks. Amber is a favorite note for me in this scent, which along with the moss and patchouli create a smoothening effect.

Great outing from Tom Ford, which justifies for me the sudden disappearance of Ombré Leather 16 from the local dealers in my area. 


positive This will truly test a fan of leather fragrances. Ombré Leather (2018) looks to be a retooling of Ombré Leather 16 (2016), which itself was part of the Private Blends, while this entry is not. Ombré Leather kind of sits between the Signature Collection and the Private Blends line price-wise, as denoted by it's strange bottle which is plain like the Private Blend decanters but not squared off. Ombré Leather is a rather simple and straightforward affair, being the smell of black shoe and handbag leather right up front, with little else to get in the way. I'm not sure if Sonia Constant also composed this, but like the erstwhile Ombré Leather 16, this version plays with cardamom and patchouli as support players, but unlike the previous Private Blends iteration, doesn't feel like a toned-down feminine-aimed version of Tuscan Leather (2007). The new Ombré Leather wants to hang in the same wheelhouse as Knize Ten (1924), Dior Fahrenheit (1988), Ted Lapidus Pour Homme (1978), and vintage English Leather (1949) in terms of it's sheer petroleum-tanned nakedness, but it's still not as intense in the drydown.

Ombré Leather opens with that massive black shoepolish leather front and center, playing with a drop of jasmine indole and violet leaf to keep it focused in your mind. Cardamom comes into the middle along with patchouli to round and sweeten the deal enough so that it doesn't burn the nostrils like old English Leather can, sitting right between top and middle for the first few hours. The starring leather note very slowly fades, much slower than in Ombré Leather 16, keeping greater sillage as a result, and leaning fairly unisex, even if most heteronormative ladies wouldn't wear something that screams "Dominatrix" quite like this outside the bedroom. An old-school composite amber note (not ambroxan) joins a fancy new "fractured" oakmoss note free of it's allergens, first toyed with by Theirry Wasser of Guerlain for unreleased reforms of their classics, but now in Ombré Leather to give it a mild, if surprising moss bite at the end. The moss is still dialed way down for modern tastes, so vintage heads don't get too excited, but it's here. Overall, this smells like a shoe, as I first said in the beginning of the review, Ombré Leather will test a true leather fan's constitution from beginning to end.

I think the same level of notoriety and shock value as Tom Ford Black Orchid (2006) has the same potential to arise here in time with the right marketing. The idea of smelling like a cobbler or the gear one wears to a BDSM gathering can be both frightening and oddly alluring all at once. I don't know when you might find it appropriate to wear this, because most masculine-leaning leathers are flanked with herbal or booze notes while feminine ones have floral and fruity supporting players, unless we're talking the 70's and 80's, where everything from soapy orris to a "barrel note" was added. In this situation, I don't think Tom Ford was looking to emulate a specific era of fragrance as he is often wont to do, but rather just delivered an uncompromising one-off scent, oddly based on something from another line of his but brought down into slightly more-accessible territory price-wise, which is another odd facet about it. Tom Ford quirkiness never seems to disappoint, and even if this ends up in the same pop culture trash can as Fucking Fabulous (2017), at least it's a Hell of a sight more wearable. Definitely sample first and keep this to winter use if you decide to take it home, because Ombré Leather ain't messin' around no way no how.
positive This is a perfect leather.  I smell little if any difference from the '16 version.  What I do smell is an expensive, rich leather untainted by the fruit note that so often accompanies leather fragrances.  Expensive shoes, handbags and saddles in a luxury automobile with the crack of a whip barely hidden beneath the prestigious leather goods.  What is not to like?  A little indolic jasmine up front and a warm amber base add to the rich leather and make this a real winner.
positive Ombre Leather is more about amber than leather. Definitely more wearable than Tuscan Leather, but at the same time is not as classy as Tuscan Leather. They are very different from each other. Longevity and silage is good, albeit not as good as other Tom Ford fragrances. A thumbs up for sure.

Rating: 7/10
positive Ombre Leather is Tuscan Leather redone.

Difference to my nose is that OL is better presented, without the grab you by the 'sac' and never let go vibe of TL.  OL is far more wearable; does not beat up its wearer like TL does.  

I suspect it is TL at 50% strength with Tobacco Oud dialed in a bit to tone it down and masculinize it some.

As with TL, this will be love at first sniff for many.
Another hit for Tom Ford.
positive Great wearable alternative to Tuscan leather! Go sniff this one. Smells like a new car (expensive car) leather. 
positive Wow! I received a sample from Luckyscent and it was love at first sniff. This leather is earthy with the patchouli, moss and amber added to it. It is manly and sophisticated. I simply love it like all my other Tom Ford fragrances. Very long lasting fragrance.   
positive I really liked this when I smelled at Von Maur. I enjoy TF Tuscan Leather and this is very similar. It can almost hold its own to Tuscan Leather in my opinion. 

Here is how it compares to the two other biggest players in the leather game:
Tuscan Leather > Ombre Leather = AdP Leather
positive Very close to the original version as 2016, just slightly more floral. Better price also.  8/10

negative Wow. As someone who loves and wears a wide variety of leather fragrances, I have to say that I am gobsmacked by the stellar reviews this one is receiving. To me, this smells like a highly, stridently-synthetic and sharply-ambered version of Cuir Ottoman (on a REALLY bad day). Cold, bitterly pungent, plastic-y, and artificially harsh are some of the descriptors that come to mind when I spray this on. I find nothing redeeming in this fragrance and I'm sad to think this is how modern noses interpret the glorious and (normally) varied smell of "leather."

neutral Brand new shoe or suede leather jacket smell, together with something fresh and tart from the plant kingdom. I do not perceive the raspberry note others have mentioned; it is more green, like crushed raspberry leaf maybe. The two notes do not mesh at all, but switch back and forth and you can tell them apart very easily. Also a very synthetic impression. Oh, and an utterly offensive price tag. Get out of here.
neutral It’s a soft leather (only) with a blue feel. I don’t see anything original or innovative enough for it to be interesting or more attractive than any other fragrance. I can appreciate its quality though. 
neutral A diluted Tuscan Leather with the raspberry note toned down, and some vague floral notes added. Strangely, I do not find it particularly leather-y, maybe because it feels watered down. The accord is moderately satisfying, but is too meek, and doesn't hold up well for long on my skin - it fades in about a couple of hours. It is linear, in the usual Tom Ford style. Stylistically it is in the same vein as Tuscan Leather or Acqua di Parma Colonia Leather, but those two are much superior. 

This is the same as Ombre Leather 16 to my nose. Honestly it seems that much of the fanfare about this fragrance is because it is the same as Ombre Leather 16 (a diluted spin on Tuscan Leather, and Tuscan Leather is too strong for some) at about two-thirds of the price. There are dozens of better leather perfumes at lower prices, including the Acqua di Parma which can be had for less. 

2.5/5
neutral Part of me wants to like Tom Ford colognes: one of the reasons I'm writing these reviews is because of my love for Tobacco Vanille years ago. There are aspects of his fragrances that really draw me to them, and I hold out faith that his aesthetic of refinement could ultimately lead me to something substantial in my collection. Then there is the part of me that wonders why I keep setting high expectations for fragrances that rarely last more than 5 hours on my skin, which is once again the case for Ombre Leather.

The floral notes are well done, softening the stringent synthetic blast of leather on first use: not altogether unlike Tuscan Leather but without as much raspberry and a good deal more cardamom. The leather scent is strong-a cold and methodical leather. Drydown is straightforward, becoming a soft, spicy leather as the hours progress. Not many hours, however: it becomes a skin scent after 4-5 hours. As usual. I would squarely put this fragrance in the realm of unisex.

I enjoy it more than Tuscan Leather, I'll say that. If the drydown was more interesting and there was more depth this may be a thumbs up, as you'd be getting something quite interesting for a brief period of time. It's a fine scent, the below average longevity and sillage again make question how many more times I'm going to spend this much money to get disappointed.

6/10
positive Very sweet juice with decent longevity and projection. Not much left to say about this fragrance that hasn't already been said. I find it smells like Fruity Pebbles cereal. I like it, but don't see a full bottle in my future.
positive Is this an everyday fragrance for any occasion, absolutely not. However, nobody can honestly get a whiff of this and say wow that stinks. This frag deffenitely has its time and place. If your goal when putting on a fragrance is to get compliments and have women turned on then this will 100% do the job, women love this frag. I guarantee a compliment everytime you wear it, it is what it is just facts to the haters of this frag. There is a reason its one of the top sold frags in the world. You want to be unique and wear something that no one else really enjoys except yourself by all means, if you want to get compliments at a bar from pretty women this is for you.
positive Paco Rabanne as a fragrance name for men had slowly slipped down the relevance slope over the years, with the undeniable influence of Paco Rabanne Pour Homme (1973) on the masculine fragrance scene slipping from mainstream design somewhere around the end of the 80's. That watershed scent was needing a "replacement" so to speak in the eyes of the mass-market blind buyers that work off of peer pressure, as it became less of a must-have for everyone and more of a must-have for the vintage fan; once a scent crosses that threshold, it's work is for all intents and purposes done, and a house needs to reinvent it's image with a new halo product. Tenere (1988) was too niche in interest to ever really catch on, and XS (1993) was good, but part of the "fresh fougère" wave and drowned in a sea of samey competition. Paco (1996) was an attempt to join the unisex craze, and Black XS (2005) was part of that "youth targeting" movement of the early 2000's. All of these were good products, but not the one Paco Rabanne needed. Enter: 1 Million. This deliberately gimmicky scent could have been released by Avon during it's halcyon years for the packaging alone, and it was so finely-tuned as a generalist with a fun club-going side that it instantly struck gold (pun intended) with it's upwardly-mobile millenial career professional target. It had balance and pleasantness borrowed from the best 90's generalists, a sweet pseudo-gourmand femme-friendly vibe to make it a "go-getter" in the clubs, plus a flashy, gaudy personality that resonated with the "glorified hedonism" of mainstream hip-hop culture of the time. It checked all the boxes, and became the Paco Rabanne Pour Homme of the 21st century. At what price victory? Well that's the question for Paco Rabanne to answer, as it took not one or two, but three perfumers to concoct this "faceless man" of a note pyramid.

Do I like it? Yes. It's hard not to like this honestly, as it's such a focus-group-in-a-bottle that everyone will find enjoyable facets that counteract the boring or maybe even slightly intolerable ones. Even most haters of this stuff will admit it doesn't smell bad, it just has nothing for them because it's such a boiled down mash of everything people like that it comes across like pandering, and fault it for it's lack of distinction; it's like a person who tries to agree with everyone and is trusted by no one as a result. 1 Million opens with grapefruit, which is a holdover from the late 90's and early 2000's ozonic period, so it checks that box. They add mint and blood orange to the mix, one is meant to smooth out the grapefruit's tang, while the other rounds it out with a darker citrus tone, which checks another box. Sweet, bold, but held back by a scent counterpoint so it stays cool and fresh. The gourmand tones of the middle add some comfort, with cinnamon and other spices playing with rose and a soft suede note, so check off boxes for fans of orientals, floral masculines and leather scents, even if none of these notes really stand out over the other. Finally, a base of carefully-measured generic Iso-E Super woods and patchouli flanks a "everyone loves amber" bottom end. It's almost Paco Rabanne plagiarizing Avon's "me too" designs, but times 10, almost. It's practically the posture child of balance, and is the Goldilocks of note pyramids; not too sweet, not too spicy, not too fresh, not too warm or cool, but just right. It spawned a bunch of flankers, as some did actually find fault with it's design, and ironically they all have more personality than this one does by very nature of their specialization: there's a lighter eau de cologne, a darker Prive, and an even louder Intense version out there now. As if this one didn't cover all bases enough itself, it's siblings will hit any area missed. 

As the fragrance for the guy who wants to both impress everyone yet potentially offend no one, this does exactly what it sets out to do, and was thus copied a dozen times by other houses. Guys looking to make a statement might as well become mute when wearing this so they'll likely do better staying away. 1 Million almost created a new genre of "nightclub scent" as it was most often found in that context during it's first years, if only because of the rich playboy image it's gold bar bottle gives off, making it attractive for a good time at face value much like the people wearing it wish they were. This is where the stigma of 1 Million being the smell of "hetero alpha male douchebag" came from, as this was the smell wafting off the collar of the guy in the white blazer trying to buy all the ladies drinks and hand out phone numbers to every table. It's the arch-nemesis of Jean Paul Gaultier's Le Mâle (1995), which is the polar opposite of this and the "old guard" club scent that refuses to die (but is found more in gay clubs nowadays than strait ones). Again, I do like this, as it's completely pleasant, soft, sweet, with only a small drop of the risque, rather than rolling in it, but I do admit throwing it under the bus in this review due to it's blatant, unabashed commercialism. Liking Paco Rabanne 1 Million is like enjoying McDonald's cheeseburgers: you don't like admitting they taste good in that generic "I can probably do better" kind of way, and you know everyone else who eats there probably shares similar sentiment, but it's such an easy and safe grab that you do more times than you care to admit; that is 1 Million in a nutshell for me. It's not often that a generalist comes along which can pull double-duty in romantic or leisure settings, transitioning from uniform to dress casual and even over to pajamas for the evening after, so it objectively gets high ranks from me for it's utility. However, once you look past the kitsch of the bottle, it has as much personality as a Dodge Caravan. 
positive I love this stuff, my wife prefers Le Male when I am going with a sweeter scent but this is one of my favorites. No, I am not a cologne Guru, just a guy who prefers a sweeter citrus scent over the pushy salesmen colognes.
positive A very sexy masculine fragrance, fruity and flowery. Well done, but without much originality. Good performances. 
positive It's a great fragrance, very powerful and long lasting. its an absolute beast on performance. Awesome opening which then turns very sweet, but masculine.

it Is very hard to describe exactly how this smells. The closest I can compare it to is Rose scented fabric softener with a hint of JPG Le Male... over all its very pleasing to my nose, and will most likely be enjoyed by teenagers and young men (like myself). This to me is only a going out ''partying'' scent, however could be worn in school or work with 1-2 sprays at the most.

Scent - 8.5/10
Silage/projection - 10/10
longevity - 10/10
Versatility - 5/10
weather - Winter nights
Age - 15 - 25 (younger crowd)
Compliments - 9/10 (90% of the time I get a compliment when wearing this)



positive Out of the bottle this is very sweet and candy-like, but after a while it settles to a nice slightly spicey woody scent, sort of like cedar but not quite (it is probablt the sandalwood note they used). The sillage is pretty low so I would say this is a good office scent.
positive Admittedly not an artistic masterpiece, Paco Rabanne's 1 Million is a terribly under-appreciated and unfairly maligned fragrance.  It gets compliments and performs great.    As for one of the recurring critiques of the fragrance, the "bubblegum sweetness" is exaggerated.  It is sweet, but not overly sweet.  In fact, it is more spicy than sweet.

Smell 8/10
Longevity 9/10
Projection 10/10

Best for night-time wear, but exercising some trigger control, 1 Million is suitable for all occasions.
positive A delicious cologne loved by both sexes which is worn by too many and has therefore lost its appeal on me. Also it makes me salivate and my teeth hurt for some reason. I definitely like this scent, but I won’t go past a 5mL sample.
positive Extremely Similar To Fan di Fendi pour Homme, except is is much more smooth and sweeter. The spices are toned down a bit here, and the leather and woods sit in the background. It lasts 6-7 hours for me with good sillage and intensity. Wonderful stuff. It seems like quite a few other scents out there today. I have a few more samples, I'll wear them all before I decide to buy a bottle. So far I like it.
positive Honestly, this isn't a terrible scent. I actually quite enjoy the sample I received more.  than most of the "complex" or "higher-end" fragrances I own. Yes, it can be synthetic smelling. Yes, it can be very sweet. However, unless you're consistently only hanging out with perfume aficionados, most people aren't going to notice the synthetic side. Also, the cloying scent that a lot of people describe comes from overspraying. One spray of this lasts me a good 10+ hours with excellent projection throughout, and none of my trusted friends have ever mentioned it being too strong or too sweet. As some people have mentioned, I adore the spicy cinnamon citrus opening, and the drydown's sweetness can be ameliorated by wearing it in colder weather. (Not in an 80 degree club or the summer....) All that being said, you do run the risk of smelling like some other people on the street. But really, considering the fact that most people don't wear cologne and that the average person doesn't retain a fragrance in mind unless, say, they have consistent contact with it, (e.g. their SO wears it) the uniqueness warning doesn't really apply for me. All in all, great fragrance suited to a young crowd, (25 and under, any older and it gets juvenile) very attractive, and best suited for chillier weather with minimal sprays.

Cheers!
positive Yes, it is loud, powdery, sweetness in a bottle.  Lots of comparisons to cotton candy, but it is cleaner and fresher than just a food scent.  And that's why this one gets noticed and received compliments.

I've always noticed that there is a weird, almost organic smell in this as well.  Looking at the notes, I still cannot place it.

Excellent performance in both longevity and projection.
positive So... I just tried this fragrance for the 1st time a couple days ago. I ordered a bottle of Noir de Noir from Sephora and they gave me a couple of 1 Million samples with my purchase.  I always avoided this because I knew how popular it was and didn't want to smell like every teenager and club rat in the world.

... So anyways, I tried the samples and my mind was blown.  This to me is incredible.  I get a lot of cinnamon and orange in the opening, mainly cinnamon.  The dry down is a little bit too sweet for me but the opening is to die for and makes up for this minor flaw.  This stuff lasts FOREVER on my skin too and projects like a beast.  I own a lot of fragrances, and I hate to say this but I was more mesmerized by this than most of my niche fragrances, Including the bangers: Aventus, Green Irish Tweed, Millesimal Imperial, Reflection Man, and Jubilation XXV.

I enjoyed this so much that I actually just ordered a bottle a few minutes ago.  I know how most people feel about this fragrance, so I probably won't wear it out often.  This is going to be the fragrance that's just for me; the one that I put on when Im around the house just for my pleasure. 

If you do buy this, you're going to smell like a lot of other people so I hope you don't plan on being unique.  This can also come off as sickly sweet if over applied, so be cautious.  This may be overly used and hyped to the max, but I really enjoy it.  Try it if you haven't already.

negative Its so sweet and so loud.  It is pleasing to many people, sure.  I could never own a bottle that looks like this.  Just terrible. 
negative Extremely synthetic smelling and cloyingly sweet - Nothing masculine about this at all! This is to men's fragrance what Justin Bieber is to music - saccharine sweet with absolutely no soul - just mainstream appeal.
It's clear they're trying to appeal to a younger audience who may not remember any of the classic masculine scents, but as a man, I just would never want to smell like this. Thumbs down...
negative The first time my husband wore this I asked him why he reeked of Right Guard.  Instead of getting annoyed with me, he said, 'yeah, that's what it is, isn't it?'
negative Too sweet, not enough "cologne" smell if that makes sense. Ended up scrubbing but willing to give it another sample at some point. 
negative I saw the red flags in other's reviews, I was warned:
It is sweeter than Jean Paul Gaultier Le Male, (which I found abhorrent).
Smells like Fan di Fendi, (which is utterly disgusting).
Azzaro Night pour Homme, Mont Blanc Legend Intense and Axe deodorants were also major references.
I have great reverence for Paco Rabanne pour Homme, which with Nina Ricci Signoricci, were champions on my first steps into the world of Masculine fragrances.
I couldn't believe Paco Rabanne put its name and reputation in such offensive reeky juice, packaged in a tacky golden bottle, is it marketing strategy? Which demographics are they targeting?
I'm an old timer, but I accompanied the generational changes in perfumery and found value in modern fragrances, like Abercrombie and Fitch Fierce, Prada Luna Rossa, even David Beckham pour homme, (which is amazing and affordable).
What makes reputable houses like Dior creating monstrosities like Sauvage, or Paco Rabanne denigrating themselves with 1 Million and the super tacky Invictus? Are they killing artistry in the name of easy young money?… and worse, there are so many copycats delivering the same toxic fumes in expensive bottles.
Do I recommend 1 Million? No.
My advice: Please don't.

The appeal:
Ladies love it! Women go crazy… 
I can't understand why?. (well, women are not to be understood, just appreciated)

Which type of guy wear this fragrance?
I can see clearly 2 distinct gentlemen wearing it: 
Martin Shkreli (pharma-bro)
Kylo Ren (no introduction is needed).

Nuff said!


negative Uggg,,,just ugg. I know that a lot of people like this one but I cant, and I've tried. I mean why would i want to hate on a cologne i paid over $100 for, feal i've wasted my money. To me it literally smells like an old ladies perfume from the 80's. Harsh synthecic fruity rose,,,just way to strong and last way to long.Thats the only plus I can give it is it's staying power thats it... I know sent is very subjective but I can't imagine why any man would like this one...a woman yes but not a man...an older woman at that its perfect for them.
negative For me a huge disappointment ... My girlfriend wears the female version and accidentally bought it for herself... Once it was opened she could not return it so it became mine.
The smell is nothing special in my opinion as it reminds me of very old sweet smells of the eighties. For me it smells like Dunhill edition (not as sweet) and does not last at all. (it was bought in a pharmacy so no fake but maybe old stock)
In a British article it was one of the men's perfumes "which drives women crazy"!! 
Ladies are you sure? 
Drives you crazy?
Maybe literally...
Sorry not for me 3/10

negative Sampled, then bought. One of those "seemed like a good idea at the time" frags. Then after wearing for a while, the scent just reminded me of an a**hole in a nightclub. You know, like that guy on the package. Or the guy who is grinding on your girl while smiling at you. If that's what Paco was going for, mission accomplished.
negative So kiss a little longer
Stay close a little longer
Pull tight a little longer
longer with 1 Million!

That 1 Million freshness lasts right through it.
Your fresh breath goes on and on 
while you chew it!

Say goodbye a little longer
make it last a little longer
Give your breath long-lasting freshness 
with 1 Million!
negative No...

Lately, I've been watching quite a few YouTube fragrance reviews...many mention this as a scent that gets many many compliments from the ladies.  Wow...I think they should maybe clarify just who these ladies are.  

So I saw it on the shelf of the fragrance store I was in and I gave it a go.  It is just too synthetic for me. And cloying.  And Sweet.  It doesn't smell masculine to me at all.  (I'm just turning 50 so maybe there is that...)

Perhaps good for a high school kid but I had to scrub this off my hand as soon as I got home from the store...


negative BLUF: Highly synthetic, sweet, potent, busy, cloying.  Not a fan.

On my skin One Million is something akin to cinnamon, candy, cheap leather, and even cheaper amber.  It really does smell like some sort of over-seasoned, overcooked bubblegum that preteens stick under desks or on school bus seats.  So much going on that I have a difficult time picking out individual notes.

I don’t hate it, but it’s not something that appeals to my senses at this point.  It was also one of the difficult scents to remove from my skin that I’ve come across.  Pass.


neutral Sugary bubblegum sweetness. I can see the appeal and if I was 21 again I would most probably wear it. They say females like this one and can understand why. Being the wrong side of 40 it will be a pass from me.
neutral Boring.For the masses.Non existent personality. Just OK. If you want to smell like one million (at least) other people then this is for you. Is it not  why they named that way ? Overall 6/10

neutral Got a sample on a card the other day. It's just okay. A bit too feminine for me. Smells like a softer Versace Dreamer. Lasts a long time though and is consistent throughout its wear.
neutral It took me quite a while to try this one. Neither though because of its popularity, nor because of its controversy. I simply did not know about it and about either as I did not have time to focus too much on fragrances at the time that it launched. I have since experienced it over the course of several wearings and two previous paper strip tests.
Initially I did indeed notice what is referred to as bubblegum and not only dit it not bother me, it seemed interesting in an unusual and refreshing way and I may have appreciated for it to be incorporated further into its composition. It is a relatively dense fragrance and while it may not have an obvious complexity, it seems to have the ability to embrace the wearer and to make them feel comfortable and welcome. If you think about it, this might in itself be an intricacy of sorts. In addition, the scent could be seen as an attempt at an abstraction of the material and colour of gold. I did not find the scent itself to be unbearably sweet nor pretentious. It seems more likely that the name, the flakon and the mindsets of some of the individuals who used it contributed to the latter association. Having mentioned the flakon, it tended to be impractical to hold and use while the sprayer itself seemed adequate.
The isolated orange or grapefruit note for some reason reminded me of a comparable note in an Armanian code, the theme of the material all the while brought to mind a feminine, a female marketed, fan of Fendi and the impression of nail polish and a Black Forrest cake cherry acidity which lead to the imagining of a scene on a dark leather sofa respectively and the wearing of tight leather leggings with horizontal cuts in the prosperous lobby of a hotel late into the night with a drink of gloomy alcohol from the connected bar which I happened to have experienced from one of these rectangular, welded sample packages which may have been slightly leaking within a heap of other samples. There seems to be a certain resistance towards sweeter respectively oppulent fragrances marketed to men, assumably because they could be mistaken for fragrances marketed to women and because they would perhaps represent a threat to the debatable notion that such compositions are intended for women and that is for women luring in men.
After some time has passed and after also having overapplied the fragrance, I notice that its relative linearity respectively that a kind of plainness as well as a certain sourness can become respectively have become issues for me. The former represents an issue with a reach beyond this fragrance, as I believe that fragrances with an elaborate complexity must remain affordable instead of continuing to steer towards absurdity aspects such as inaffordability and inavailability.
neutral When I first bought this, I loved it, I loved it from start to finish, and I have even gotten many compliments on it.

Then I started to make DIY cologne, I learned to identify many different types of scents. And in the process of making my own cologne, I trained my nose to be able to identify and smell a wider range of scents.

Now that I've increased my smell capabilities, it smells okay at best. Very artificial. Far to strong on some notes.

To an untrained nose, this is an excellent fragrance. But don't wear it around someone that is trained in perfumery, because it does not smell like it's worth the price.
neutral It's not a terrible scent but intensely sweet. I've seen girls trying this on at department stores because they like the way it smells - that tells you everything. Yes, it smells like candy but I have to admit I love the warm, spicy opening. The dry down can be sickening. Let's cut to the chase - we all know what this is for. PR 1 Million is a loud fragrance you put on to get noticed by girls. Although I would never wear this fragrance, it does the job for a night out. It is completely juvenile (can't see any guy over 30 reaching for this) and everyone know this scent because of it's popularity. Most counters will tell you, this is a top seller - what does that say about our taste! I must say, performance is beast mode! Why can't other designer fragrances perform like this? This is EDP+!   
positive Even though I don't wear it a ton anymore, I'm still a big fan and consider it a 5 star-modern day masterpiece for me. 

So unique smelling when it was released and has beast mode projection and longevity to boot. Amazing scent when worn the "correct" way with a light hand, which is among my top compliment getters.
positive Paco Rabanne 1 Million is a fragrance that change my life somewhat. I am not sure whether it was me.. or the perfume. 

I am from Asia to be specific, I am from Singapore. 1 million is not common here unlike western countries from what I gathered from fellow reviewers here, this has gathered so much hype that every hot blooded male is wearing 1million at clubs over there. 

The fragrance game here in Asia its not big. Not many guys wear frags here. Girls being hit with 1million when I walk pass them did not know what it was. To them.. in her exact words when they walk up to me "You smell so nice and sexy" and keep in mind this is a stranger whom I have just met. 

My neck and lips was ravaged by this girl there after. 

I had thought that it was just a one off event. But it had happened several times that I started to believe in the artistry of perfumery. 

This fragrance although have gathered quite alot of hate from the community, have ignited my interest in perfumes and I have expanded my collection by quite abit with also the recent acquisition of bond no.9's New Haarlem. 
positive It's a little too strong.  But I enjoy the ambery sweetness and to me almost like bubblegum and cinnamon, which some people would hate but I really like.  I love cinnamon in fragrances and it does stand out here a little bit.  I can't wear too much of it because it can be overpowering.  Two sprays, that's it.  Yes there is a 'synthetic' quality but for me, the warmth and sweetness are appealing.

I understand why so many people dislike it - but I just like how it smells.  *shrugs* no big whoop.  I received it as a gift, otherwise I probably wouldn't own it.
positive Sweet, beautiful and perfect! 
Hands down, one of the best scents ever made!

Scent: 10/10

positive Salutation.

Very french style.this is special,sweet and spicy.it makes your feel really masculine and stylish then is pefect for a real gentleman!
this fragrances makes me feel warm cold winter nights too.

I recommend it for every one who wants to be seductive in a classic way!
long lasting and attract a lot of woman.
The bottle also fits to the scent.that is really cute.

7.5/10

positive Thats sweet!
bubble gummy sweetness chocolate and vanilla

not for me ,I used to own it before but Great for sweet lovers and it is also 
very very long lasting!!!
positive If you grew up around those colored markers that had specific scents, 1 million is (to me) identical to the black marker - the liquorish one.  IDENTICAL.  I always hated that smell as a kid, and I still do as an adult.

It's definitely a reasonably unique smell.  Just not for me tastes.
positive That blood orange,mint, and grapefruit in the beginning is enticing. But like most potent fragrances being easy on the trigger is a MUST. Too many sprays can over-saturate the notes and cause you to choke people out. The drydown is very pleasant as well.  
positive It's definitely sweet! The fruity top notes dissipate on my skin within an hour leaving a much more woody scent with a slight touch of sweetness. I pick up a lot more of the white woods and blond leather than anything else. One spray on the back of the neck is sufficient for me. If I sprayed anymore it would become way too sweet and cloying. This scent is good for chilly weather and cooler nights. I really enjoy this one.
positive i think this is the best smelling fragrance i have every smelled... when i have this on and walk into a room it will make people forget what they was saying and ask omg what are you wear smells great.
positive demasiado artificialdemasiado artificial, me causa náuseas, é como se a pessoa tivesse acabado de se entupir de antibióticos infantis e a droga ficasse exalando seu terrível cheiro doce do corpo da pessoa
positive One of the many ugly millionsThis is exactly why i dont like most most fragrances nowadays... and Paco Rabanne sold his soul in here..The name says it : its one million or as i say 'just one of the many millions..."Its an overedged and overrated scent with al ingredients tending to be too mucho macho.Too sweet too artificial with this bubblegum cinnamon spicy mellon cake. I see boys wanna be men in a discotheques lurking on young women trying to get eyecontact but not manly enough to confront them asking to have a drink or have a nice conversation, they stand with the boys being macho and laugh trying to hide their insecureness...this scent is not horrible but its has no soul... i need SOUL in a scent i need have a scent with a story!With this scent i can only think of the times we live in now... hasty,crowded,fast,aggitated multimedia overconsumed and shallow...And again i get more and more hunger back to the days of real romantics...Pros: - - -Cons: How many characters can i use in this textbox ?"

negative Awful.  Smells like cotton candy mixed with fruity pebbles.  Loud, sickly sweet, synthetic.
negative Bubblegum, Bubblegum, Bubblegum.....
mixed with cough syrup, honey, spices & leather

Its good, but eventually it gets cloying.

Excellent projection & longevity

5/10


negative For the love of all that is holy PLEASE STOP WEARING THIS! 

When this first hit the shelves I thought it was fine. Candy-sweet bubblegum, cinnamon, woods. Pleasant. 

But now I swear I can't be in a public space without smelling this EVERYWHERE. Not a light, pleasant whiff either, it completely takes over the room and makes me nauseous. 

It has become Axe 2.0 in my region, it's what every high school boy sprays on too much of. Even if that weren't the case, this fragrance is too strong and cloying. 

If you don't want to come off as a completely unoriginal, inconsiderate loudmouth then please - PLEASE - look elsewhere. 
negative A huge commercial success due to innovative advertissements. Paco Rabanne have been becoming a great business man. 

One million is patchouli bomb rather synthetic too sweet and powderdy to my nose. I understand its success among young people who want to feel rich and popular. But I don't like it. Dissmissed!

Not good 5/10
negative Revolting. I have tried this twice.

Straight to the bathroom to wipe it off both times. I just don't understand how anyone could stand that smell. 
negative One of the most powerfully synthetic openings of any fragrance I have ever sampled.  Synthetic is the main play here as nothing smells natural in 1Million.   I live in Florida and I can only imagine how cloying the phony soapy floral notes would get on a hot summer day.   No reason I would ever want to wear this.   It als took forever to scrub off, which only confirms how chemical the composition is.
negative overpowering weird sweetness.It makes me want to throw up.
One positive that becomes negative that you can't even scrub it off.Not for me.
negative Was this the scent that launched a million young jocks? Is this what ‘fresh, spicy, leathers’ have come to?
The overriding impression of this car crash is ‘Look at me, I can scream louder, I got the bling and I think grabbing my crotch in public is the height of dudeness.’ A trying-too-hard dancefloor pretender. That isn’t a police siren tearing up the music, that’s someone doused in 1 Million coming through. 
Starts with a polite (but seen in 1 million other ‘masculines’) array of airbrushed fougere notes, a bit minty, but mostly vaguely herbal-spicy. However, these are soon overwhelmed by a post-Aventus sweet frooty gloop with lingering edges of disinfectant and urinal cake that has somehow in this curious age come to typify the smell of a lad about town on a Saturday night looking for a leg over. It blares when it could just be. Dies back to a nondescript sweetness that lingers. 

negative I really don't see what all the fuss is about with Paco Rabanne's 1 million; it LITERALLY smells like a woman's perfume. I have received a sample of it in my Sephora's sample kit FOR MEN and I am starting to wonder if they gave my the woman's sample because this is a scent I wouldn't mind smelling on a female. It is VERY Floral with some hints of sweet; if you want to smell like a flower for some weird reason then this is the scent to use!!!
negative This smells straight up like a women's fragrance. Too sweet, too floral, too fruity. 
Extremely unnatural, overbearing, overused and worn by the wrong people.

Don't let all the good reviews here fool you, quality-wise this is a horrific scent, synthetic and cheap - should be called "1" instead of "1 Million". Believe me, women above sixteen DO NOT LIKE it. Period. 

I can't see how anyone into fragrances would appreciate this garbage. Absolutely terrible!
negative Ok, so I used to love this scent. I even almost used up a whole bottle. As time has gone on i've hated this scent more and more. Now I just find this scent very irritating and sickly sweet. The smells enough to give you a headache! Also another reason why I probably began to dislike it is that everybody is wearing it. I will give you an example.. in my college class on the same day, 3 of the classmates were wearing it. Its too common and in my opinion it's getting old. It's no doubt good for clubbing cause everyone can smell you and it projects but as so many people are wearing it now, it's becoming a joke. Now I always am hearing comparisons with 1 million smelling like Spicebomb and maybe it's the cinnamon note but i don't think Spicebomb smells much like 1 million. I actually like Spicebomb and would prefer that over 1 million any day.
negative Genre: Woody Oriental

1 Million actually starts out a lot nicer than the mostly indifferent reviews had led me to believe, with perky grapefruit and orange rind top notes. The composition is soon filled out and enlivened by a sweet, creamy synthetic wood accord that’s suggestive of coco butter. So long as it remains in the background, the coconut cream is pleasant in a kind of goofy, offhand manner. Unfortunately, it rapidly expands  to drown out everything else, turning trite, and finally cloying. 

At the apex of its development, 1 Million smells like hand soap amplified to jet engine volume. It also radiates like plutonium until the very last phase of its generic pencil shavings drydown. Talk about crash and burn! 1 Million smells like its entire budget went into the first ten minutes. Long enough to close the sale and get the customer out of the store, but hardly long enough to satisfy. 


negative Honestly I hate this one.  i wanted to love it but I dont.  Maybe it will grow on me.  But right now my impressions has me wanting to make a public service announcement.    I am here to save you $50+ on the purchase price of PR1M.    Go to the dollar store and find a pack of fruit stripe gum.   Insert the whole pack in your mouth and chew to build up a large amount of saliva.    Now spit on yourself.   You now smell like a million.
negative To me this is disgusting and I have to move away/out of the underground carriage when I smell this on people as it is overpowering and acrid. It is the men's version of Poison - to be avoided. Goodness knows what the womens version smells like, I haven't dared to even try it.

neutral To me it smells like a chocolate orange marinated in sunny delight for a year. Curious smell that takes a while fr the synthetic cheap top notes to go away.
neutral 1 Million is a contemporary, synthetic, cheap and conventional “trendy leather scent”, quite plastic and light too, which is anyway overall honestly better than I expected by reading the reviews. It’s basically a sort of “all-rounder” scent which tries – and actually manages – to smell good for everything: fresh enough for the gym, safe enough for the office, trendy enough for the club, generic enough for the Post Office, and so on. Most of all, nice enough for the target it’s clearly aimed at – which is surely not the most refined gentlemen on Earth. The composition is quite simple: citrus head notes, a suederal base recreating a light, mellow suedeish note – clean and generically “modern” like in dozens of other contemporary leather scents – some canonical floral counterparts (violet, or rose), woods and patchouli to enhance the “darker” and drier side of leather, spices. As I said, all smelling quite dull, trendy and plain, with the texture and the quality of a car freshener. Still... well, I can’t really hate this. Mostly because it’s clearly, openly, and *honestly* aimed at a precise target, which *likes* and wants this kind of scents – a type of audience which basically wants a decent-smelling thing  good for any situation, and possibly generic enough to look cool and à-la-page (which for some people, means “conform to and like what other people like”). 
With so much pretentious niche that smells like this and costs three times this, pretending to be “luxury” or “sophisticated” ... you know what? That is what I hate – the pretentiousness, the fraud. While as much crap it may be, 1 Million’s fine for me, because at least it does not look pretentious (I mean, look at that hideous bottle... it’s so kitsch I want to hug it!). I always try to consider scents both “per se” and in perspective relating them to pretenses, price, target and so on. And while per se 1 Million is undoubtedly far below good (although – crucify me – it smells nice to me) if we relate to its actual raison d’etre, this is a respectable product which is aimed at the right targets – people whom you wouldn’t suggest to wear Monsieur de Givenchy or Guerlain’s Derby to. As much as you wouldn’t suggest a bespoke Corneliani suit to people which wear Topman sweaters (and you surely don’t blame Topman for not being so quality and class as Corneliani). For me, the problem of perfumery is not Rabanne or other hundreds of crap scents which, in a way, clearly “look” crap even from the bottle – the problem is the intolerable pretentiousness of brands pretending to look better than they are, and people feeding them by paying ridiculous amount of money for this same quality of Rabanne. 1 Million is so openly, unambiguously, honestly tacky I can’t really blame it for nothing (plus, as I said – crucify me again – it smells better than expected). And I’m fine with that (not that anyone should care). 

6/10
neutral I didn't want to like this stuff.  Yeah I admit I'm a little snooty, but that wasn't the reason. The real Paco Rabanne was my first purchase ever and I still think it's great stuff.  I think it's because of the money-worshiping name and crass marketing.  (For the record, I also think Roja Dove's ludicrous prices are a crass appeal to money-worshippers.  But Dove has exquisite skill and taste.)

And the fact is I really don't like 1M very much.  But there are a couple of nice parts.  The blood orange early on is very nice.  When the coconut comes up it makes a nice naranjo-colada.  If you are a high school or college kid this might be a benefit because it will remind the girls you are interested in of their recent pubescence when they adored candy-shop smells.  Whether this inspires them to play dress-up or dress-down is for you to tease out on your own. 

After those parts comes a suffocating cedar-paneled sauna of steaming cinnamon, underlaid with a cheap, cheap sweet floral.  Cloying and claustrophobic. At this point it became a scrubber.
neutral Some days its good, others day, I put it on take a whiff and throw up cause it sometimes becomes bubble gum with some spice at the end. Idk, but when it smells good, it really works nicely.
positive Easily enjoyable fragranceI'm giving this a positive rating because it is plainly and simply a good fragrance. It isn't on every d&@chebag in my town yet and maybe that's why I'm not predisposed to hating it. It has some sweet scents and sits well on my skin. I can see how some people say it smells cheap and I got that from a cursory glance. However, sniffing further into it and giving the drydown a chance, it became wonderful(on me, anyway). Give it a chance and see what you think, with an open mind.Pros: Sweet, good projection, good longevityCons: Common in some areas, artificial instead of natural"
positive SUPER SWEET	I like it but don't wear it often. definitely a nitetime frag. can be cloying if oversprayed like I just did..	for late nights hangin out/clubbing or 2 draw attention from the opposite sex this is a masterpiece.	otherwise just an overly sweet mess of a concoction..Pros: LONG LASTINGCons: SMEELS ARTIFICIAL"
positive Sweet, with Good Projection	This fragrance starts out really sweet and really strong at the beginning, but once it fades into the basenotes it becomes a great scent.Pros: Great Basenotes, Good ProjectionCons: Cloying"
positive overall, a very good fragrance!L1 million is very sweet but masculine smelling at the same time, it has very good projection someone from 6 feet away and more will be able to smell me, longevity is excellent, i get up to 10+ hours, very goodStarts off with a very strong sweet "bubble gum" type of vibe, and that's pretty much all you get with this fragrance so it's very linear, but it is a pleasant scent.When it starts to dry down, i get a vanilla type of vibe on my skin, but it's pretty much a skin scent when it dries down.I go one spray on the neck and one on one wrist and then i tap it with my other wrist, sometimes i go three sprays, please don't over this because it can get cloying especially in hot weatherI think this can definitely be  worn all year round, just be careful with the spray on warmer weatherI think ANY age can pull this off, I'm 16 in high school and i wear this, the ladies love itOverall i give 1 million by paco rabanne a 4.5 out of 5A very pleasant scent, great compliment getterI highly recommend testing it out on your skin first because you might not like it due to it's sweetness, but definitely check it out and give it a try!I hoped you enjoyed my review.Pros: BEAST projection/longevityCons: can get cloying if sprayed to much"
positive Sweet leather. 
positive My second number ONE...	One of the bests! Its my second!
positive I bought this after 1 sniff.
Although I love the fragrance, I consider it to be somewhat juvenile like being present when candy is being made.

I would wear this if I had to go to an evening event full of younger people and I didn't want to smell like an old man.

Other than that, the use would be pretty limited unless I'm partying in the hood.
I will continue to experiment with it to see where it might best apply.
positive This is a bit of an odd fragrance for me.  When I first samples it, I immediately fell in love with it.  I get the bubblegum and cotton candy references, but to me it smelled more like vanilla flavored pipe tobacco, you know the sweet sugary kind; even though it has no tobacco smell at all to it.  I made the mistake of wearing too much once and it really got to me.  It was way too sweet and overpowering to the point that it gave me a slight headache.  I highly suggest you go lightly with this one, or else you will definitely regret it.  I still enjoy this cologne in small doses, but can't give it an enthusiastic thumbs up.. I'd rate this as a 7/10.  It's too good for a neutral, but nothing earth shattering here.
positive I love this one. In fact, my first switch from using BOGART POUR HOMME for almost 5 years straight. It's my first day at work after wearing the 1 million - just a spray on the pulse points and then a spray on the chest. The receptionist immediately asked what's the smell as the 1 million is not so easily sold in my country as it's expensive and no sample bottles are sold in this part of the world. 

It feels like sitting in the middle of a vanilla garden all day just by wearing it. One spray is mild. The HEAD aroma is very intense. The HEART leaves a vanilla aroma. The TAIL? Yet to get to that part. My wife should be able to tell the difference. And I'm sure if it is good, I get lucky ;-) !
positive Yes it might be over used, yes it smells young, yes I might be too old to wear it, BUT what's the bottom line?  It smells good. Sure it smells like bubble gum with some cinnamon sprinkled on top and a touch of sugar. I like and so does my wife. Do I wear it everyday?  Uh no, however to mix things up from time to time I do grab this and don't think twice about it. 
positive I have used a lot of perfumes ,all top notch.This is something I really love to wear anywhere because you know that you are noticed.Bubblegums,candies etc .are the main notes.Drydown is like a leather jacket.This is complimented.A lot of people might say it's quite ladies but seriously speaking its awesome.You get 1 million compliments.Love this one.Got a lot of them and the compliments continue......................................
positive Smells very nice, youthful definitely. On me this doesn't last and project as much as the hype would have you believe, but it's a very pleasant and enjoyable fragrance. 
positive Great sweet but mature scent. Ideal for the night. The only bad thing is that is way to popular and it lacks exclusivity.
positive Everyone has it. In every club you can smell it. It has already been ripped off. But it smells great! It's actually wonderful. I dont care about others using it, i just find it gorgeous. A must have. Thumbs up.

negative Trashy, but I think that's intentional.;	If I smelled this with a blindfold on I'd say it smells like waiting outside of a public restroom in a casino. You're near the smoking section, next to a gift shop stocked with candy and especially red licorice. Every time the bathroom door opens a cloud emerges that is a combination of the urinal-cakes, the cherry-almond soap leaking out of the dispensers, the disinfectant in the mop water the janitor is cleaning the floor with... 	Then I take the blindfold off, see the tacky gold bar atomizer and think, so wait — casino bathroom is exactly what the house was going for?"  	At least it's self-aware.
negative Sickly sweet disgusting trash. Probably designed to be the next step up for teenagers from wearing Lynx Excite. "Yes! You too can smell like an accident in a sweet shop!" I certainly won't miss it when I finish the bottle.
negative In the beginning I loved '1 Million' - it was fresh and like walking through an orchard full of berries. But after a couple of minutes it transforms into this sweet stench... like you're trespassing or you got lost in some woods full of blueberry. the smell becomes so dominant that it's annoying. but luckily after a couple of minutes you can't smell a thing any longer, because it doesn't last at all.
negative this is sweet peppery synthetic frag , very cheap execution :)

probably made according to the new market taste for sweet feminine frags with some spices added so it can be sold as masculine :) anyone who can wear this can wear every single female perfume and smell better!!


guys i recommend Ormonde man, instead of this ! 
negative It smelled decent at first spray but it just isn't for me. It smells like buble gum and metal. A grown man shouldn't wear this. Let me rephrase that. A refined man shouldn't wear this.
negative Fine fragrance that meets the purpose for which it was made: partying, that appeals to the masses, good behavior on the skin ... but I can not stand it. It's not the fact of being overcrowded, but become extremely cloying on my skin, and low-quality synthetic.

neutral Bazzoka joe musk If type two diabetes had a smell, I think this is it. I hate to admit it, but I feel like 1 million has just that many things wrong with it. It is the official smell anthem for the "me" generation with how much it stands out. This is not really putting the "b" in subtle here folks. It screams "I'm 18, I paid 60 bucks for this t-shirt, I'm drunk, and I don't really love you". So if that's what you are going for, you're in luck because we found your scent.Pros: It is an introductory to the world of cologneCons: Everything
neutral When i first got my nose on 1 million, it was ok..

Second try and err, it was just way too sweet.

Im going neutral on this fragrance mainly cos i dont completely hate as it didnt offend me, but dont really think i would want to wear it.

meh...
neutral This is bubblegum.  Double-bubble, specifically.  Not for me.
neutral This is about as synthetic candy-sweet as it gets. A touch of citrus and mint to start off, a bit of spice and patchouli thrown in, not very well balanced or convincingly blended.  Outstanding, however, aside from the good silage and projection,  on my skin is the monster longevity of twelve hours. 

neutral  At first sniff this was a very unique scent, not particularly masculine, but very different from all the fresh aquatic scents that have come out over the past few years. I definitely picked up on the rose note as it began to dry down, but not so much with the leather note. I tried it on for myself and loved the top and middle notes, but  when it came to the base it smelled just like pencil shavings on me. 
 If mixed with the right chemistry I could see 1 Million as an amazing fragrance, just not on me. It is a distinct fragrance, I could pick Million out on a blind sniff, but it's not for me.
neutral didn't mind the intial first few minutes until it got too sweet.  not my cup of tea, but the i do like the bottle. very cool i must admit
neutral I get the cotton candy / juicyfruit sweetness at the start with some cinnamon. When it settles down on me, it is predominately spice and musk, with a hint of the sweetness in the background...and that there lies the problem. Too much musk and spice. If they dropped the musk back a bit and increased the sweetness on the dry down then this would be perfect. As it is, its just average.   
neutral I love it! Especially opening. Unfortunately it's so popular, that you won't find living human being, who don't know what 1 million is, what it smells like and how it looks like. Too many people wear it. If you want to smell decent and OK, then go for it!

Rating would be positive if not the popularity.
neutral This is a great one if you want to smell like cotton candy. I am not meaning that in a bad way, but it just isn't for me. I don't find any complexity in it, just sugary with a powder vanilla dry down. 
neutral Great bottle - if you're a teenage boy who wants to swank about in the bathroom. Great silage and longevity - if you're a teenage boy who wants everyone to know that he's just started shaving. Great advert - if you're a teenage boy who likes the idea of blinging it up. Great opening - not just for teenage boys - the blood orange smelled like mandarin jelly to me - delicious. Vile drydown - great for a teenage boy who wants his friends to know he's wearing 1 Million - but for everyone else it's an invitation to a migraine.  Whatever White woods are meant to smell like, they seem to occur in every budget or copycat fragrance and have the tenacity of a cockroach. 

Postscript: 5 days later, the cuff of my jacket still reeks from two sprays of a tester. 
positive A synthetic fall and winter gourmand fragrance that manages to stand out from the crowd with a tiramisu twist. Not groundbreaking or mindblowing by any means, but it has decent performance and nets great compliments. People love this one. It is pretty synthetic, and the opening is a nauseating alcohol blast typical of cheapie synthetic frags, but it evaporates after about 5 minutes and the nutty sweetness begins to take over. If you can find it for cheap it's not a bad pickup. 
positive Oh boy, how come still not hyped? Is it fabulous? No. Unique? No. Solid good? Yes. Surprised that some of those youtubers (no need to name them) didn't review it.

Tiramisu + boozy sweet. Creamy and somewhat powdery. Not my game, but I like it and would wear it regardless. For autumn and winter only as it is too heavy.

Aggresively strong and sweet. Shares the style with many fragrances, but has its own particular character. Namely those frags wouls be: CK Obsession For Men, Chanel Allure Homme, Guerlain Ideal, Boss The Scent/Scent Intense, Armani Code Profumo etc.

Not for everybody this one. Not for the kids because it has a dose of maturity. Not for the older men because at the same time it has a dose of something flippant, frivolous maybe. For 35+ crowd who have their own vision of life, not caring for other people's opinion. 


Originality 6/10
Scent 8/10
Longevity 9/10
Projection 9/10
_____________________
80%
positive [Wow...I recently noticed that SF Uomo's bottle looks almost EXACTLY like the one for Lalique's L'Insoumis EdT...coincidence or ???]

Salvatore Ferragamo's Uomo strikes me as copycat and unique all at the same time: A mix of woods, spices, tangy citrus, and sweet gourmand notes that seem quite common a formula nowadays (one recent similar  outing is Armani's Stronger With You; another albeit not quite as similar is Yves Saint Laurent's Y pour Homme); yet Uomo exudes its friendly casual masculine character in a special enough way that is not pedestrian. 

The presence of tonka in Uomo understandably draws comparison to the A*Men Pure Tonka scent, which I have grown to appreciate.  Yet Uomo has so much more going on, and the tonka is a strong supporting part rather than the dominant, bottom-line note in this fragrance.  

Personally, I have found that Uomo fits my fast-paced restaurant work environment and appears to be appreciated by my fellow co-workers. It is a balanced potion that lives up to its press release: 

“A sense of elegance and beauty. All the optimism and joy of a real smile. The ability to be modern, yet also timeless; to seize the day. All of this is part of the story of Uomo Salvatore Ferragamo, the new fragrance for men. A potion of pure Italian style.”

Definitely worth a sample spritz and consideration as a part of ones daily wardrobe.
positive Sweet, Tiramasu... Woody and a nice alternative to all other winter offerings.
Very pleasant smelling, perfect for casual wearing, as it isn't a beast in the longevity or the projection. 
So if you like the very sweet then give this a blast. Very warm and pleasant. 

positive i have totally changed my view on this. Smells amazing and sexy and cozy. good sillage and longevity.I get the baked caramel smell and its just really comforting and pleasant.I find it gourmand and rich smelling.
positive I really enjoy wearing this..although it is dominated by a sugary coffee note it is excellently blended with orange blossom and the ambroxin. It never gets too sickly either, When it first goes on it feels unisex but once the dry down starts it gets more masculine and you'd swear there was a touch of iris in the 4hr mark. It gets lots of positive attention from the females, which surely is the main reason we wear scents. I do think ferragamo have hit the mainstream jackpot with this, usually this sort of blend is reserved for the niche fragrances although the syntheticness gives that away.
positive As i waited seating in a restaurant for the waitress bring me the menu, some of the other clients were having their desserts already serving, and all of a sudden my nose catches a sweet-and-smoky note that makes me wonder wich of those cakes or creamy delights smells like that! Few seconds later I realize it's just Uomo wich I sprayed onto myself about an hour ago.

 It shares some notes with PR 1M and Valentino Uomo Intense, where this one settles just right in the middle of a full-retail mainstream EDT and a fashion house gourmand scent. While some may say it's too sweet, I like this approach of a young men fragance wich will make ladies keep close to their skin just to have some more of that sugar delight.

Longevity? First 3-4 hours like a blast from the kitchen, then it dries down to a more subtle scent that's still recognizable for the heart notes of it's gourmand blend. Totally recommendable if you're ok with not the typical "fresh and clean" men fragance and want to get a bit further with those dessert-lover ladies ;)
positive Salvatore Ferragamo Uomo is definitely one of the more hyped designer men's releases of 2016,an for good reason---the purported tiramisu note and the amount of coverage it's received each merit some attention from gourmand lovers like myself.

That said, Uomo is still pretty impressive, all things considered.  Many seem to classify it as cloyingly sweet, but I regard it more as a sweet blend with more traditional aromatic masculine elements.  The tiramisu is front-and-center but doesn't dominate the fragrance nonetheless.  The sweetness is paired with sharper elements to start and in the dry down the experience becomes smoother, more relaxing.  It's slightly spicier at the opening due to the cardamom and black pepper, which give way after about an hour to the tiramisu and eventually to woods and tonka in the dry down.  I admit I don't get much bergamot or orange blossom at all--not really any citrus or floral contributions at all to this.  It's mainly a sweet and woody composition to my nose, which is fine by me.

On performance, it's above average for an EDT, projecting significantly from the onset and having good longevity, as lingers just beyond the skin for 6 hours or more overall.

As expected, Uomo ought to work better for colder weather, and its projection is significant enough at the start to cut through colder temperatures, but it's modest enough to work on warm weather evenings, as well, as an alternative to a heavier-hitting option that might prove a little cloying in the summer, even at night.

I imagine this would be better for men but women could surely still wear it, as there's nothing especially masculine about it in the traditional sense, except perhaps for the spices at the opening.  But in the dry down especially, it's just a sweet/woody blend that could work for any gender or age.

On price, it's not terrible from a retail standpoint ($90 for 100ml) but on FragranceX, at only $55 for 100ml, it's a great value., so this is definitely one I'll need to consider buying while it's this cheap to start.

8 out of 10
positive Salvatore Ferragamo Uomo has a simply beautiful opening.  The dry down is not as satisfying, but still very good.  While I wouldn't recommend a blind buy, I think most fragrance aficionados will find SF Uomo a worthwhile addition to their collections.

Smell 8.5/10
Projection 9/10
Longevity 9/10



positive Very interesting in a good way.
This morning i sprayed this on and walk out of the room. The spice was prominent on opening but quickly transitioned to this tiramisu note (more to me like the coffee liqueur you would find in a tiramisu) and i would definitely put this in gourmand territory.
Shortly after, i walked in to the room where i had sprayed this and could still pick up the bright ope i g in the air. On my skin it had settled down to a lovely sweetness. 
Seven hours later, this is basically a skin scent now and the predominant thing i pick up is a faint lipstick iris reminiscent of Dior homme.
Just a lovely scent.

negative Extremely nasty modern hodgepodge aggregate  of the worst designer modern masculine synthetic aromchems tendencies of the moment.
Avoid at all costs.
To be noted I’m a moss, cat’s arse and beaver sack type ..
negative One of those A*Men-inspired coffee/lavender/caramel gourmands drenched in mass market masculine aromachemicals, notably those omnipresent aquatic grape topnotes and a full-on Axe body spray "woody amber" base.  It's OK at first and ends up smelling ferociously cheap.  In the recent flood of coffee gourmands, this seems quite unnecessary - the only thing it brings to the table is cheapness.
negative Very sweet, freshly-baked sugar cookies on a warm wooden plate.  Not a suitable scent for a gent.  
negative A sugary woody piquant synthetic unoriginal mess. A shame as the most part of the new woody releases "retracing" this infamous gassy (sugary dusty) trend. Ferragamo Uomo's opening is a cedary-spicy sugar's tornado while dry down is a less dusty-gassy nondescript woody-caramel. Zero texture. An unpleasant piquant boredom on my skin.

neutral Irresistible tiramisu!
Definitely a gourmand fragrance and definitely a lady killer scent,she'll love close encounters.she react to this like orgasm reactions like (ohh god,wow).to me it's a sexy chicken.

Uomo interprets the sublime masculine through a luminous aura with an intense,vibrant,and glowing combination of fresh Bergamot,Aromatic Cardamom and mild spicy black pepper.An addictive sensuality accented by oriental,intriguing,and enveloping notes like tiramisu, amrboxan amber,orange Blossom melds with a racy virility symbolized by woods such as cashmere Wood while Sandalwood and tonka bean provide a cuddly comfortable scent as she want to eat him when he wears this.the dry downs very smooth and sweet.It has a slightly tropical,spicy,sweet,and just yummy vibe.totally the sweetness from the tiramisu and tonka bean is what this fragrance is all about.

I sat there just salivating thinking of a delicious hot flaky danish dessert with butter drizzled all over it - this thing is a breakfast table at a pancake restaurant in a bottle.It really doesn't stand out in any particular way.If a guy has a few bottles of well made designer fragrances,I do not see a reason to add this one to the mix.With so many endless choices for mens cologne, this one can easily get lost in the crowd.suitable during autumn/winter.

Sillage?Moderate.

Longevity?6hours on my skin

6.5/10
neutral Batchcode 11i13AR 2018

Read so many reviews on this..really kind of a let down.

Its smells like it could be another Armani Code Flanker.

Im finding more and more that anything after 2016 is just not what it used to be - performance wise & sillage.

I blind bought because of all the positive reviews but was left rather disappointed. Its also very similar to Paco Rabanne Black XS.

I'm running on 4 sprays for 2 hours now and have gone completely blind to it, 2 on back of arms and 1 behind each ear.

I have to say again there is just a strong resemblance to Armani Code with slight hint of coffee bean.

I'd give it a 5/10 (average) just because its different - but not anything ground breaking or anything that stands out. If you want something sweet that projects - this isn't it.

Parting Note: It really does remind me of the way sample sprays in a magazine fold out advertisement smell 
neutral Salvatore Ferragamo Uomo sits firmly in the designer realm, a linear gourmand built around a tiramisu accord that is presented in a pleasantly airy fashion, but still boasts impressive performance.

Compared to something like L'Instant de Guerlain pour Homme Eau de Toilette (which, unlike the Eau de Parfum, boasts an airiness similar to Ferragamo Uomo), Uomo seems thin. Indeed, there are a host of cacao-infused gourmands from the past twenty years that vastly outshine Uomo in artistic accomplishment.

Still, there's something here worth enjoying, and its simplicity adds, rather than detracts, from the pleasure. 
neutral A sweet and thickly opening notes greets me and sets the stage for the future development: caramel, chocolate, freshly baked cakes and biscuits - all very rich, creamy and filled with vanilla custard. 

The other side is a nonspecifically woodsy note, which, at times, sports whiffs of a musky component.  

I get moderate sillage, excellent projection and seven hours of longevity on my skin.  

Clearly a wither scent for colder days, this creation is predictable to a level that is tedious at times.  The main drawback is the overly chemically synthetic nature of the ingredients and its poor structure.  2.5/5. 
neutral Salvatore decides to offer a Thierry Mugler A Men flanker and call it his own.
This composition is quite familiar: sweet woody vanillaic.  Add a salty spiciness for Ferragamo weirdness or Italian charm, your choice.
Not a bad fragrance in and of itself, since it does stand out in that tonka bean based gourmand-for-men genre of masculine fragrances.

neutral My initial thoughts after spraying were a cup of coffee with cookies baking or honey roasted almonds.  Very syrupy sweet, heavy and nutty. Wife detected some "smokey" notes.

Seems most appropriate for cold nights when you want to get close with someone.

Very good projection from opening into the drydown, so no need to over-spray. After the opening softens, I do get some florals, although only in a very soft way.




neutral A gourmand lover's dream.  This opens with sugar, vanilla, maple syrup, a bit of cooking spices...Cinnamon? Reminds me of some of the Bond no 9 Sickly sweet gourmands. New Haarlem maybe? Anyway, if you get it ONLY wear it in cold weather, and not somewhere where it will mingle with food odors.
positive For me the best way to enjoy Mitsouko, whether vintage or current formulation, is to wear the extract.  It’s the smoothest, prettiest version of this peachy chypre and it won’t leave you scratching your head like some of the other incarnations can.  The challenge of the EDP and EDT comes from that distinct “peach skin” accord of the opening notes.  It’s an abstraction, an idea of a natural smell recreated with persicol, oakmoss and other chemicals that will have varied reactions.  Some swear they smell a photorealistic peach plucked from the tree. Others like myself smell something both bitter and shrill, like champagne laced with strychnine.  But the extract is different.  It’s for Goldilocks. Somehow the peach comes off sweeter and golden, like it is linked to the milky warmth of sandalwood in the basenotes.  This Mitsouko is the one that immediately validates her status as legendary because she is such a timeless, unique and addictive concoction with layers of interest and complexity.  It is easy to imagine a person of 1919, 1960, 1989...etc. being faithful to this bottle and wishing that it never change.  That isn’t to say the EDP and EDT don’t have their own devotees, but it will depend upon how you react to that opening accord. When people talk about classic perfumery, French-style, abstract composition, they’re talking about Mitsouko.  It’s the reference chypre, the Mona Lisa of Grasse. The unlikely to be pretty Bergamot, Patchouli, Cistus and Oakmoss accord tinted and Guerlain-ified with fruit and flowers.  A perfectly judged, impossible to duplicate, enduring, mysterious masterpiece.  
positive This is reviewing a 50ml refill bottle of the EDP I bought online in August 2019. I don't know what the edition is, yet I am quite sure this is one of the most recent formulations, because yes, it is different from the formulae I have always known.

I will hasten to add that it smells wonderful... So it's not *bad*... just *different*.

Brilliant, nose-prickling aldehydes slowly evanesce to reveal a head of bergamot, and possibly delicate accents of sweet orange, a phantom lemon, petitgrain and neroli to create a brilliant citrus head. And the famous fruity, dry peach, kissed with a discreet anise.

To my nose, this new edition has more musky quality, with perceptible deermusk, civet and ambergris (all synthetic, I'm quite sure). Being a big animalic fan, I like this quality.

In years past, it would be at this moment that I smelled a certain urinaceous quality-- likely castoreum-- smelling for all the world like deer urine in a Texas cedar forest, its floor covered in moody, mulching autumn leaves. I'm really not getting that note here now... the peach/citrus is more juicy and "present".

To my nose, the spicy qualities have also been ratcheted down and made more linear, less "3D"; I suspect the famous clove note of the classic formula also had to be refomulated here, as the barky, non-sweet cinnamon is nearly as prominent now as the clove.

I am getting very little floralcy here, truth told, yet I am picking up on a salty Play-Doh heliotrope, girded with the French thyme "medicinal" or "Band-Aids" note that some describe. I'm not sure I'm getting any rose or lilac at all, and the result is, this formula smells considerably more masculine than ever, beginning to approach the brassy warmth of, say, KNIZE TEN. The pencil-ly cedar note is more discreet now, too.

The absence of oakmoss means that this formula is not quite as rounded, fungal, darkly sweetish and Art Deco-fusty as the old mixture used to be; it is also less "melancholy", as this perfume is so often famously described. Our forlorn geisha waiting for her British beau seems to have cheered up a bit, clambered up onto her tatami sandals and put on some Shiseido tangerine-colored lipstick.

And yet, I cannot melodramatically decree that MITSOUKO has been "ruined" here; the hand that has blended this is obviously expert and of the highest skill. This is still some fine, fine French perfume. In fact, some might say that this new EDP is more "wearable" than it ever was, more of a tous-les-jours candidate today, and not quite the distant and difficult "monument" she has always been. She might even be more "lovable" now (yet still removed from the sweet 'n' naughty hooker-with-a-heart that Rochas FEMME is). I cannot fault this *jus*, and she actually may find more modern lovers in this new guise.

Verdict: significantly tangier and juicier than earlier formulae; musky animalic notes more "present" now, though less urinaceous; very little perceptible floralcy and overall more masculine aura; less sweet and funky/fusty base.

Still gorgeous, bold, golden-glowing and compelling.

(UPDATE---->) Okay, now I'm getting the lilac. Surprisingly, it is not a head or heart note, but rather comes out to play in the late development of the EDP, after the spices have settled down! Mingled with an obvious iris, it smells both powdery, pastel purpley, and rubbery, like wet latex paint. Intriguing!
positive Peachy, musky and mossy. Maybe just a touch powdery and pissy. That is my thoughts. Not bad smelling or impossibly dated. Addictive and delightful. Classy and sophisticated. Complex. 
positive Adore this historic scent.  I just love this fragrance, and I make sure my wife always has a bottle!
positive Woman in the Dunes by Hiroshi Teshigahara 1964
Kobo Abe (novel)
positive Mitsouko (1919) is not just a great perfume, but also a very important one. Loved by generations and almost passed down like an heirloom from its fans to their children, Mitsouko is one of the most often-discussed classic Guerlains in existence, picking up the nickname "Mitzy" by it's admirers. I feel like a century after its creation, Mitsouko can only really be appreciated outside of these faithful fans for the history, context, and legacy it left behind for most rank and file people. Folks who enjoy perfume in the 21st century will have a difficult time understanding the appeal of Mitsouko, if only because it is of a style effectively extinct in mainstream or designer perfumery, and that style is of the chypre. Jicky (1889), L'Heure Bleue (1912), and the later Shalimar (1925) were all more or less in the fougère style, or semi-oriental fougère in the case of Shalimar, but Mitsouko was not part of Jacques Guerlain's usual "compound building" technique of basing perfumes on other perfumes, or building off of partial structures from past works, thus is unrelated to them or "Guerlinade". Instead, Mitsouko was a thoroughly new creation from the ground up, in an emerging style Jacques likely wanted to play with, and a style proving quite popular with women, becoming universally popular for much of the 20th century. It wasn't until the advent of aromachemicals that classic perfume genres declined in favor of cleaner and less-assertive compositions, with the restriction of substances upon which chypres were mostly based making chypres too difficult to create; the style had simply fallen from grace far enough to not make it worth the research anyway. In the meantime, the fruity-floral mannerisms and brisk cistus/oakmoss backbone of Mitsouko inspired countless perfumes to follow, and like most early 20th century feminine Guerlains, was also used extensively by male dandies, even being a favorite of esteemed actor Charlie Chaplin. The origins of the name "Mitsouko" is up to debate, but most sources point to it being derived from the name of the heroine in Claude Farrère's novel "La bataille (The Battle), set in Japan during the Russo-Japanese War, and telling of a secret affair between a British Navy Officer and one "Mitsouko," the wife of Fleet Admiral Baron Tõgõ Heihachirõ. As the story goes, both the officer and the Admiral went off to war together, and Mitsouko waited at home for the return of the survivor, with whom her romance would continue on. I think the association with this story alone managed to sell considerable units, since the Guerlain advertising was often hinted at it. 

The smell of Mitsouko is designed somewhat to be a compliment to the previous L'Huere Bleue, which is why they share the same bottle design. L'Heure Bleue is meant to symbolize waiting for love at the onset of night, while Mitsouko is meant to symbolize the returning of said love after a battle, representing something of a symbolic beginning and conclusion of a story arc. L'Heure Bleue is mostly a rich, powdery floral fougère, which comes on strong then fades into sweet warmth. Mitsouko is the equal opposite of this development, and represents a fragrance that literally reverse fades into view by being quiet in the opening, then gradually ratcheting up presence until the complex and sharp chypre base provides the climax. Mitsouko opens transparent, with light fruity top notes of peach, mandarin, bergamot, neroli, and lemon. The smell is so very familiar at the onset because most of us have encountered some of the women's perfumes ranging from drugstore to boutique perfumer that have attempted its emulation. The middle slowly materializes with rose, jasmine, ylang-ylang, and lilac, with a spicy clove note to sensually bind them all. By the time the base finally arrives, it's pretty difficult to tell notes apart, as the fruity floral top and middle collapse into a very complex and blended chypre base, with oakmoss and cistus labdanum being the only two really noticeable players outside some musk, amber, and sandalwood. Not quite Guerlinade, but still clearly over-engineered like most Jacques Guerlain pefumes. Some of the most cherished classics actually come across as hot takes on Mitsouko's finish in hindsight, so that deja vu comes back again for another round in my mind. Unlike whatever random Revlon or Coty everyone's Aunt Maude wore, Mitsouko has a certain refined air of a true sophisticate in its DNA, and doesn't reveal all sides of its structure in every single wear. Performance varies on concentration but more on that later. Mitsouko is not a casual fragrance, nor was ever meant to be, so wear it on special occasions where something as deeply textured or mysterious as Mitsouko feels warranted. Being perhaps one of the finest examples of a dead genre makes Mitsouko feel a tad more antiquated than some of its peers of the day, since Shalimar still remains in the public consciousness thanks to modern celebrity endorsement, plus the older turn-of-the-century Guerlains seem to more closely-resemble genres experiencing resurgence in modern prestige perfume. Mitsouko by contrast just sort of sits pretty with its hands in its lap as the darling precursor of the mid 20th century's favorite feminine style, which does more to make it an anachronism than the rest, but at least it isn't powered by aldehydes like Chanel No. 5 (1921).

I love chypres, but I also can't rightfully lead anyone to sample this without first making it clear that Mitsouko has weathered age the least-gracefully of all the classic Guerlains. Naturally, all moss was limited to ridiculously small levels by IFRA after 2011, and from 2006 to 2011, a blend of oakmoss and treemoss had to be used to reduce the amount of skin sensitizers naturally occurring in oakmoss by itself. This is why most classic chypres outside of the big sellers are discontinued, and the ones profitable enough to keep on the shelves in spite of themselves have been reformulated sometimes to the point of being unrecognizable by fans of the original releases. Contrary to that, a lot of research money has been dumped into the preservation of Mitsouko, with low-atranol "fractured" versions of oakmoss using molecular chemistry being substituted by Guerlain house perfumer Thierry Wasser for the natural stuff. It's this same reconstituted oakmoss that also exists in modern Habit Rouge (1965), and  makes Guerain chypres a far better sight and more authentic than most other chypre survivors in modern times, but still markedly different from vintage since oakmoss is such a linchpin to the chypre accord itself. Other Guerlains from the era like L'Heure Bleue or Shalimar rely more on powdery vanillic tonka bases or oriental elements, so they have survived in forms much closer to their original state than Mitsouko. Regardless of whether one seeks vintage or not, Mitsouko is still a large perfume by modern standards, so only fans of slow unfurling dry downs should seek it, with old colognes being brighter, current eau de toilettes having a more floral character, and parfum extrait having the deepest base presence/longest wear. I really like Mitsouko, and even if it's among the harder classic Guerlains for a man to pull off, I'd still flaunt it like I just don't care (because I don't), however I also cannot in good conscience call this unisex. Classic chypre fans consider Mitsouko one of several holy grails for good reason, but for everyone else, it is more of a historical journey than a practical perfume, answering the question of why "Mom's old Avon" smells the way it does. Well, now we have our answer: it wanted to be Mitsouko. Since 1919, a lot perfumes have wanted to be Mitsouko, even future Guerlain ones. Everyone just wanted to be Mitsouko, but there can only ever be one Mitsouko, and she still patiently waits for us to return home from our battles, so she can give us her love. Thumbs up!
positive Now and then I’m down in the dumps, worried about the sad state of the world.  Whenever that happens, Mitsouko is a perfect antidote.  Art, history, culture, timeless style — all perfectly represented here. Just one or two sprays, and it’s like the feeling I get in fine art museums.  You know you’re in the presence of genius.  As with all fine arts, it’s likely to take some time to really figure out and “get” Mitsouko.  Keep trying, it’s very much worth the effort.  Highest recommendation. 
positive Mitsouko is made with superb ingredients and smells very sophisticated.

I associate this smell with cigars and pipe tobacco. No need to be scared with it being peachy and feminine.
positive It’s not bad, but I feel bad for not liking it. The opening with bergamot is interesting, just like Shalimar. Then it’s a bit dull... 

OK, OK. After reading your reviews, I guess I'll have to try it again. 

The vintage Parfum miniature I have (from the 90’s) is way more interesting and make this review go from a “meh” neutral to positive. The bergamot is less present and goes towards a beautiful floral mix. Very potent. 
positive Say my name !!!! Mitsouko !
Wonderful !I like edt ,edp not good smell.
positive What wondrous story
Making past seem like present
Stirs in your bottle?
positive I bought this blindly and the Eau de Toilette came in the mail a few days ago. 

When I opened the gold box and took the elegant bottle out I was excited. 

Then I sprayed it on me. It instantly reminded me of my late Aunt Serena who lived from 1921-2011.  Which was both good and bad.

This scent is unlike anything I've ever liked. My first impression was that I hated it. My preferences are for notes such as opoponox, sandalwood, cedar, cypress, and bergamot. My favorite scents are Chanel Bois des Iles, Diptypque Tam Dao, Tom Ford Noir and Gucci II. I took a "risk" by purchasing Mitsouko.

The problem with me, personally, is that I was convinced this smelled like my late Aunt Serena. I loved her, but I did not want to smell like her. So I contacted her son and asked him if his mother ever wore Mitsouko.

His answer was related to something that will not sound at all politically correct but it is the truth.  

Aunt Serena was married to Uncle Luke,  who served in the US Army Infantry during WWII. He fought in the most brutal battles in the Pacific, both on Leyte Island and Okinawa against Japanese forces. He saw the worst of war. He hated the enemy.

So according to Serena and Luke's son Tom, his mom would NEVER wear any perfume that sounded Japanese. My apologies for having to communicate something which sounds prejudiced to modern ears. Yes it is, but it must be understood in connection to those who experienced WWII. There are still some old people who won't drive German cars, or people in China who cannot forgive Japan, or Japanese who cannot forgive the atomic bombs. We must all repair our bonds but we also must try and see how historic hates metastasized into wars. 

So now I know my Aunt Serena never wore Mitsouko. And after learning of this, I reapplied the scent, forgot the association, and found that Mitsouko needs time to appreciate. 

It is frankly old-fashioned, reminding me of opening up an old box of newspapers in an attic, smelling the inside of piano, entering an old house where a woman just dusted herself with powder and went into the kitchen and sliced up a peach.

The scent sticks and sticks and will not go away. It dries down into something perceptible and ruminative. It makes me think of the piano score from the Anastasia (1958) written by Alfred Newman and starring Ingrid Bergman.
positive I read another fragrantica review about Guerlains, which propose an explaination why this truly legendary brand not as popular as it was: they're not those over-the-counter 5-minutes-fame perfumes, they're mean to be take-home and appreciated in a longer time frame. Most people don't have the patience now.

Now that I've experienced mitsouko, I can't agree more with this review.

First time I tried mitsouko at counter, the sales person burst into laugh when they saw the grimace I made: the opening is a bit off-putting. It has a rather medicinal note which appears in a lot of old Guerlains, and I still don't know what caused it. I also get that inky/wet oakmoss tone on top. The rest of it is soft-fresh spice smell, not sweet, not warm, not harsh.

I just let it sit on my arms and went home, planning to scrub it off as soon as I can. By one accident sniff I was captured: it turns into something divine. The only note I can pick out is peach, not in a realistic way——frankly speaking, a lot of realistic peach only make me feel they tried too hard——but rather...lazy and comforting, not unlike a beauty lies blithely on the bed of aforementioned spicy accords, as if she did not know how charming she is. 

So Guerlain teachs me a lesson: never judge a perfume by its opening, especially old classics like mitsouko.
positive 

Each evening, come rain or shine, I run with my whippet through the enormous walnut orchards by my house, as the sun slowly sets. During the fall (my favorite season), the walnuts ripen and finally shed their skins, and the fruit drops to the ground. The skins, the shells, the still-warm earth, and the fading leaves on the trees--all of this is closely reincarnated in Mitsouko. The perfume's dark, velvety oak moss and its walnut-skin bite of piquant green create in me an almost melancholic introspection that suits my artistic nature down to a T. It's autumnal tone and notes that mimic moist, rain-soaked dirt speak to me in the same way that black and white films and photographs do. Its beauty is an aching, longing kind that will never be totally fulfilled, and it is all the more lovely because of this. Somehow Mitsouko seems to find the commonalities between the human body and the natural world, all the while speaking to a deep, nameless emotion that those who have lived long enough, share. 

-Review for the vintage PdT
positive I bought Mitsouko perfume bottles 15ml.& 7ml. This is classic and very beautiful smell. Perfume had flower,wood smell but Eau de Toilette had green smell sharply. I don't like EdT. 
positive This one I like, depending on my mood.  To me it is a woody, slightly spicy, floral.  No one note stands out.  They are all blended together.  It is a somewhat monotone fragrance.  

I have learned to love this.  Perhaps it is all the sampling of other perfumes, since purchasing this one, that I have come to appreciate its beauty.
positive This one crept up on me. I got myself a 2 ml sample of the EdT because I wanted to explore some of the classic Guerlain fragrances. I did not expect to really love it, but it did sound interesting, and I thought it might help me understand what a chypre smells like.

On the first try I did not even know whether I liked it or not. Compared to most of my (rather Chanel heavy) fragrance collection, this one smelled a little odd, a bit difficult, slightly off even. It did, however, smell interesting, not generic, and certainly not boring, and somehow I kept going back to that sample to try some more.

It took me a few wears to distinguish and label the different notes I smelled. I definitely get peach. It's not a bright and sunny peach, but more of a mysterious dark peach. I also get a little of the jasmine and some subtle woods in the base, but neither of these notes are the star of the show. 

The real defining note for me is what I've been lovingly calling the Guerlain funk. In the case of Mitsouko, it's a stale-flower-vase-water funk; vegetal, fuzzy and cool. It gives this fragrance a deep dark, murky green feel. This might sound unattractive, but it isn't. Combined with the dark gold sparkle of the peach, it transports me to a shadowy pond in a enchanted forest, where frogs just may transform into princes. 

And by the time I used the last of my 2 ml sample I felt sad that I would now be without this fragrance, so I bought a full bottle.

I have the sneaking suspicion that I'll continue to like this more the more  I wear it.


positive This review is for the 2014 EDT, which is reputed to be among Guerlain's better reformulations. I also have a 2015 EDP, and can't recommend that one - it has a sour note, and might have been among the batch issued prior to Guerlain's 2015 Mitsouko and L'Heure Bleue production halt due to a problem with one of their shared ingredients (that issue was resolved, and production resumed in 2016). The 2015 suspension involved only the EDP and parfum extrait concentrations of those fragrances - not the EDT.

Mitsouko EDT, while of course lighter and thinner than the parfum, is true to its heritage and actually smells more like my vintage juice than the 2015 EDP (referenced above). The EDT is fresh, crisp and well delineated, and it even has a little of the bite we associate with oakmoss (though modern Mitsouko contains only a fractionated version of that restricted ingredient). So I agree with those who say that 2014 was a very good year for Mitsouko EDT.  
positive It's bright and sunny. I smell peach and ginger and mace and honey. Even so, I would keep it for spring and summer. It's got a little spice to it as it opens up, and while I wouldn't call this a night scent /for me/, I tend to wear masculine perfumes at night, so this might be deep enough for someone who prefers florals in the daytime. 
positive Mitsouko edt is a fun, interesting fragrance, reminiscent of a leather handbag filled with lotions and other secrets, with some bright fruit and sweet flowers, peach and jasmine, I gather.
positive Unbelievably multi-faceted and ever-evolving during the course of a single wearing, and different to my nose every day I wear it. It seems like everything affects it, and tilts it one way or another along a burnished gold spectrum: the temperature outside, the time of year, my mood, the alignment of the planets, what I had for lunch :). Even though some days it's not for me, it is simply without peer and worthy of its pedestal. A treasure.
positive Purchased for my wife based on Basenotes reviews and popularity.  I own several Guerlain fragrances and always have found the house's scents very well done in a quite traditional sense.

What struck me as odd about Mitsouko is that it didn't seem dated at all but in fact, a very modern fruity chypre.  The peach and jasmine middle notes are prominent, supported by a mossy wood base.  Sweet, but not sickly.  Although not listed, there's a touch of white floral, to keep it feminine.  Good longevity and average sillage.  Seems to be a better fall to spring scent.  Wife likes it.

Thumbs Up for me as well.
positive I've tried this on a few occasions now, as all Guerlains require me to before reviewing! Well, this is an interesting one.  It takes confidence for a man to wear it, but once you feel confident, it's an amazing experience and nobody would ever think you were wearing a "Women's" fragrance.  Right at the start it's slightly fruity but in my opinion it's "dry", not juicy. That dryness allows it to be firmly unisex where just a bit more juice would have leaned feminine.  There's some citrus and spice lurking in the background but it's never very strong on me.

The middle is also immediately evident, you don't really need to wait for the top to fade.  The middle is moss and rose, plus just a bit of a peach-fuzz-like effect.  Also the moss here doesn't smell like the oakmoss we're all used to, at least not to me, and it smells nothing like the little vial of true oakmoss I have either.  It smells recognizably like standard green moss that you might have smelled as a child.  There's some vetiver somewhere in the mix too but it isn't grassy, it's earthy.  There are some woods in there as well but I can't quite pinpoint exactly what kinds of woods they are.  They're soft and don't smell generic or synthetic.  If this all makes it sound like a scent influenced by unusual outdoors-evoking smells, that's because it is.  Slightly sweet but earthy and rich, and shame unto anyone who says that description doesn't sound masculine, or at least unisex.

Things get softer toward the end but that's really it with this fragrance.  The only thing that made me question wearing this out in public was that rose note.  Upon further thought, however, I decided rose is very common in oud scents and incense fragrances that men wear.  If it's OK to mix with a peppery wood and smokey incense, why not earthy vetiver and moss? One more thing that really solidified my confidence in the fragrance's unisex quality was its reference in Habit Rouge EDP.  There are some parts in the middle of Habit Rouge EDP that are, at least in my opinion, a firm nod in Mitsouko's direction.  When I close my eyes and smell my wrist while wearing this, "feminine" doesn't even come to mind.  So relax, men, this is more masculine than original Habit Rouge and Habit Rouge EDP.  I think it's significantly more masculine than Dior Homme.  This is certainly more masculine than Shalimar, which many men wear.  Plus it's an amazing composition that we deserve to enjoy too!  Big thumbs-up from me.

negative So sad, this was a perfume I loved many years ago and wanted to sample again - and I can't smell the beautiful peach and mossy notes at all. It just smells like wet towels. Or maybe it's my nose. But this is not at all lovely, in fact it is rather nauseating, and I feel so sorry for all the people who expect the former great classic scent and end up with this miserable parody.
negative I really want to like this. It doesn't smell at all how I expected. It has a lovely woody clove scent that i love, but I can't get around another prominent note that smells perfectly like freshly opened band aids. This is the edt version, so that might make a difference.

neutral Trial of EDT from mini-bottle of set, unknown year.  Scent was nice initially, faded off rapidly, fading scent was nice; may try in stronger formula in future.
neutral There's much to love here, however it's not something I enjoy wearing.  As I have two bottles of vintage juice, I find that in my vaporizer, my home smells amazing.  Bit expensive for a home scent, but everyone who comes in is blown away by how beautiful my home smells.
neutral It's been about 10 or 12 years since I first tried Mitsouko, back when my Dillard's used to carry all the classic Guerlains. I didn't love it. I didn't hate it. But I didn't really like it, either. I did groove on the initial brightness of it, the juicy peachiness interwoven with citrus, but then after the first few minutes it devolved into something more harsh, yet at the same time kind of vague. I figured I just wasn't sophisticated enough to appreciate it, and yet I never revisited it.

Until recently, when I was gifted with a bottle of the EDP, which turns out to be from 2014, supposedly a very good reformulation year. The peachy/citrusy opening still really sparkles, and the middle sings a very fine spicy (cinnamon? clove?) tune on my skin for about an hour. But after that it just falls off the cliff and muddles itself into a big ol' bunch of fusty/dusty/musty-ness, and not in a way that I would normally champion, like, say, Joy’s symphonic florals turned to rot or Djedi's mix of damp-basement and lemony roses or Youth Dew's balsamic orange blossom weirdness. Here, and at least on my skin and to my nose, Mitsouko is kind of a mess—an expensive, beautifully made, historically significant mess, to be sure. But still a mess.

The good news is, if you love it, it will last forever. It's still wafting from the T-shirt I had on when I spritzed it two days ago.

neutral Every time I try this out,  it smells like spicy plastic and I can't detect the florals at all.  I'm mainly smelling a more peppery version of Irish Spring with something else I can't identify muddying up the smell. It certainly smells expensive,  but it's also highly stuffy and moldy.  It's what I imagine an old dowager's mink smells like. I love most Guerlains, but this one hasn't worked for me in any season. After an hour,  I have to get it off of me. 
neutral This is going to be a bit lengthy, but I think Mitsouko deserves it...

So here I am - my Basenotes wardrobe says I've tried almost 2000 perfumes now, and this is close to my 600th review, so I feel like I have a basic grasp on what I'm talking about when it comes to perfumes, and I still very much struggle with Mitsouko.  It's supposed to be the finest perfume in the world, and truth be told, I just don't really like it that much.

To me, Mitsouko is confusing in a frustrating way, like trying to untangle an impossibly knotted cord.  And yet somehow, everyone else seems to "get it" and have simple descriptions of it that make no sense to me.  

I started off with the current extrait version, spraying it on at every opportunity for years.  Something about its concentration always knocks out my nose, leaving me smelling practically nothing, whether I try a light or heavy application.  After years of thinking I must be doing something wrong, I've decided that the extrait simply disagrees with me and I've written it off.

From there, I tried the current EDP.  I have no trouble smelling it, but I just don't get the magic that everyone else does.  If I bury my nose in it and study it really hard, I can barely make out whiffs of peach and clove and a hint of something green and poopy, but it mostly all melts together into a cohesive single entity that smells to me like thick, peanutty dough.  It actually smells pretty good, but the claims of it being the best peachskin perfume or the ultimate textbook chypre are baffling to me.  

So, as a gift from a fantastic perfume friend, I got a sample of the vintage EDP.  As is chemically unavoidable, the topnotes have turned with age, so you have to wait through about 20 minutes of rancid vinegar before the good stuff starts.  Eventually, it lands on that peanutty dough smell, but somehow less cohesive than the current version.  I can smell peach - it's still not upfront, but I can understand how it is flavoring the peanut dough mixture.  The same goes for the rose and cloves and a dark green smell that I'm assuming is the oakmoss everyone is crazy for (it honestly doesn't smell like the little bottle of oakmoss tincture I use as my benchmark, though).  It's more strongly poopy than the current version, and the whole mixture is louder.

So I guess my favorite is the vintage EDP, but there are other classic chypres I enjoy a lot more.  I like the peanut dough smell, but the same effect is in L'Heure Bleue, but teamed up there with powdery flowers and greens and sandalwood and iris and the amazing Guerlinade base, so I like it MUCH more than Mitsouko.

So I guess that's it.  After years of study, the world's best perfume gets a "meh" from me.  Maybe someday something will click and I'll fall in love, but after all these years of sampling Mitsouko, I doubt that's going to happen.  So I guess that leaves me voting "neutral".  Oh well...
positive Salutation.
MITSOUKO is one of the best NIGHT scents.A heavenly feminine elegant scent that evokes wonderful memories as it is a unique part of your personality.It have a timeless appeal which transcends time.Mysterious,Classy,Warm,Heavy, Exquisite,Classic,Generous,Traditional and Unforgettable.

It has Floral-Fruity top notes that reveal Citruses,Peach with a soft spicy touch these lead to the Warm and Mossy base notes ruled by Amber,Okamoss and Vetiver as it has a lot of hidden undertones that seems to come out at different times of Night.It smell makes precious effluvium and transport it to Everyone.

It is strong but not overpowering or obnoxious.Regardless MISSOUKO is a must try,this classic scents possess a charisma that nowaday perfumes are lack it.no doubt it appropriate for COLD EVENINGS and i recommend it to a High Class and Dignified Lady in SPECIAL occasions.Heaven in a Bottle.

Sillage?Great.

Longevity?Magnificent on my skin.

8/10

positive This perfume has a little something in it for everyone. Herbal? Check. Gourmand? Check. Sweet - but not overly so? Check. Sexy? Major check. The base notes come out early, rounding out the middle notes into a robust, sexy scent, that dries down into something more somber and thoughtful. Quite an amazing journey. Plus, I do love a good peach scent... If you like Bond No 9 Chinatown, this will be up your alley. 
positive Edt Version. A smooth yet bitter chypre with a surging moss note that seems to rise up from the center of the composition.

Mitsouko is pretty great. It highlights the complexity of Guerlain’s compositions, managing to form a wall-of-scent effect but without clobbering you in the process. It's the ideal merger of florals, citrus, spices, and moss with the latter two items sitting in the front seat. To me, it’s a smoldering kind of perfume that seems to move away from the pyramid structure we’re familiar with to create instead the impression of a primary green core with the secondary notes rippling out in concentric waves.

As it settles, it takes on more of a wood/grass kind of a role but with a prominent peach poking through. The spices play a more focused role here as well, with cinnamon and something that smells a little like clove creeping into the mix. It never turns full gourmand, but it does seem savory and edible at moments. Ultimately, it’s a great chypre with a warm, comfortable edge to it despite its brisk opening.
positive This was my first Guerlain purchase, when after reading much about the brand's history and creations, I rocked up at my local department store, determined that I had to find one to suit me. The sales girl told me that I was definitely a Shalimar girl, then sprayed me with it, and Mitsouko, and left me to think about it. Half an hour later, I was back, hooked on the latter, whatever anyone said.
For me, it was not so much the fruity peach-skin note that did it, instead I was taken by the combination of oakmoss and spices (I sniffed cinnamon in particular), which reminded me of Christmas, perhaps in a wintry, foresty setting. It has a richness and warmth that speaks of drama and history, of people with stories to tell doing interesting things. But it is not just a plush, expensive perfume - the oakmoss, for me, sets it apart and makes it that little bit different.
I have to admit, though, it is exclusively a cool-weather fragrance, and works particularly well on grey overcast days.
positive Okay I've taken the plunge. The citrus is pretty obvious and so is the rose (which is similar to the rose on Habit Rouge EDT but stronger). Pretty quickly the middle notes approach with a nice blending of all those notes. The peach gives the floral a slight gourmand reaction. I found it to be pretty quiet in the first couple of minutes but now it keeps drumming on in a good clip with three sprays on my wrist. The florals give it a slightly "fresh bread" smell and the peach/oakmoss combination seems like the core of the scent. It all blends very well. I don't see this particularly being too feminine and I would recommend it to those who like, gourmands, rose scents, citrus and oakmoss. I think this could be suitable anytime of year but personally there is something cosy about it in regards to the spices and would be even better in the winter. The spices really move the scent forward. It doesn't scream of headache inducing florals but stays close to the skin and is very tasteful. It may seem stronger if you sit in one place collecting wafts of the scent. The true beauty appears in the drydown where the spices meet the woods. 
positive "I've lost too many to be happy..."

What is the scent of melancholy? This bizarre child of some post-war Europe is staring at you with its beautiful slanted eyes and smiles wistfully. Noone is certain how it was baptized with that delicate and mellifluous name anymore. A name that steps in two different worlds. The one of mystery and the one of the morning light. A name that involves a British officer, a Japanese Fleet Admiral, a heart split in twain, a French writer and member of Académie française, an Austrian diplomat, the daughter of a Tokyo antique seller tycoon, and a small part of the world called Hellas... The journey begins...
In 1909, Claude Farrère wrote a novel under the title "La Bataille". It was about the forbidden love between the wife of Heihachiro Togo or Marquess Yorisaka and the naval liaison Commander Herbert Fergan. When both of them headed for the Battle of Tsushima she promised that she would spent the rest of her life with whoever would come back alive. Noone did... Love and duty were drown in the Korea Strait, leaving her a lonesome widow. Her name was Mitsouko...
On May 16th in 1892, Heinrich von Coudenhove-Kalergi, descendant of a Byzantine family, married the tiny daughter of Aoyama family despite both families' opposition to that act. A few years later they moved to Europe. She never saw her country again... The had seven children. One of them, Richard Nikolaus Graf von Coudenhove-Kalergi, was one of the pioneers in the idea of a United Europe. This remarkable woman managed to learn French, German, Geography, History, Law and Economics in order to stand her ground in her new country. Her name was Mitsuko...
According to the fascinating stories which are many times woven about the christening of a fragrange, one of these two women gave her name to the myth. A name which, in its language of origin, means "Child of Light" and not "Mystery" as Jacques Guerlain would like us to believe. As for the "o" that turned it into "Mitsouko", it is simply the French pronunciation of the Japanese phoneme. But alas, although the name points to something cheerful, the perfume itself is one of the most melancholic scents I have ever sensed... Aloof, like the locked heart of a maiden who waits her dearest to return from a lengthy, perilous trip to some far-flung corner of the Earth... Want-clad, like the sad remains of a forlorn love, lost in the paths of time... A scent of unfulfilled promises and enslaved desires... There is an old Cretan folk song that says:

Everyone asks me "Why crying?".
But who do I annoy?
I came unwanted in this world
to make your hearts my toy...

I thik that it fits perfectly... Mitsouko is not the loud expression of a grief asking to be the centre of attention. It is the wise and silent agony for a world long gone. A certain story has it that L'Heure Bleue marked the beginning of World War One and Mitsouko its end. Like the symbols of a parenthesis that the world was hoping never to endure again. Mitsouko, despite closing this catastrophic parenthesis, is not an optimistic scent. Maybe because while looking back it saw the towering woes and looking frontwards saw the next war coming...
I do not know if you have ever had a feeling like this, but Mitsouko makes me yearn of someone I never met... It brings me memories of things I never lived...
I see a woman dressed in a mofuku kimono. Every dawn she walks with light steps to the wooden balcony of her house in Shirahama. There, she stands wreathed in morning dew and gazes the vast ocean...
I see Sergei Diaghilev, founder of the renowned Ballets Russes, to remind the stage workers not to forget to douse the tabs in Mitsouko, for the scent to fill the sybaritic hall of Theatre de Champs Elysees, every time the coryphées enter the stage...
I see the luminous Art Deco main hall of the "Normandie" where the passengers are swirling blithely to the tunes of the orchestra, while the magnificent ship floats her way on the frigid Atlantic...
I see Charlie Chaplin sitting ostracized and brooding in the lounge of Manoir de Ban, over Lake Geneva, staring without seeing at the bleak sky. Ostracized from a country which, a few years ago, worshipped him. And brooding... He who made everyone laugh... Everything around him reeks with Mitsouko, his favourite scent...
I see the audience in a live club located in Aix en Provence in the late 80's, pulsing with the sounds of a strange mixture of punk, rock, synth pop and jazz which the band on stage hands out generously. The name of the band is Les Rita Mitsouko...
And finally, I see a penniless painter in a musty attic in Paris during the Années Folles. He stands mesmerized by the window, trying to descry in the crowd his model who has just left. The lingering scent of Mitsouko caresses fondly the unfinished painting. The very same painting to which he confesses his love every night. The love he feels for her but never dared to speak out loud. Mitsouko solaces him and promises that it shall be with him as a reminder of her, untill the next time they meet...
I humbly apologize and ask for your understanding if this review is way too lengthy and borderline "delirium" but how many words are enough to describe a mythos?...
positive Genre: Chypre

How, in the course of reviewing close to 800 fragrances, have I managed not to write about  Mitsouko? To answer with a question, what more could I say about it that hasn’t been said already? Nobody needs to read more analysis of its structure, more rapturous praise, more speculation on gender-appropriateness, or more nit-picking over the various concentrations (I like the parfum) and reformulations (the latest is brighter, thinner, and more obviously fruity, but still recognizable). Mitsouko is a monument in the history of perfumery. You may or may not like it, but if you care about fragrance you should wear it at leas once.

positive I was a fun, no it is not correct: I was in love with Heritage, de Gueralin, amd indeed the parfum version was my signature. Nowdays, it seems that the eau de toilette has been reformulated, loosing its body, while eau de parfum, is missing.
Since I am in love with Guerlain house, for imstamce eau du coq, eau de guerlain, etc. I come to test Mitsouko.
Here you go: I am a man, amd now Mitsouko, the eau de parfum, is my new signature.
A fantistc chypree, light but present, as intermal flame that show you the way.
I do not care of marketing, to me fragrances are comimg without sex.
This is a masterpice of perfumery.
The utilization of peach in combination with mossy undertones is simply genial!
positive Mitsouko is by far the most fascinating, and at times frustrating, perfume in my collection. I have a complicated relationship with her. How I feel about Mitsouko depends very much on what she decides to show of herself to me on any given day. Some days, she is cold and reserved, and whatever glimpse of peaches I get is more like a pan of hard, unripe fruit being simmered in formaldehyde in a far off room than the ripe, juicy fruit of which others speak. Oh but when she decides to relent! There is nothing better than Mitsouko when she is in a good mood. Slowly, she will drop her standoffish reserve and part her musty curtains to reveal a bed of spiced peaches on a dark, mossy bed – this Mitsouko is playful and mysterious.

I am working on a theory that you can break Mitsouko a little, or at least try to bend her to your will by placing her in situations where she is forced to come out of her shell. I discovered this when I spritzed it on one day in Spring this year before going for a long, six hour walk through the city with my husband, young son, baby daughter and my mum. By the end of the day, Mitsouko had taken on this salty, outdoorsy, herbal aspect that merged with the faint sweat on my skin. It was if both Mitsouko and I had finally learned to stop pacing edgily around each other and just chill out a bit.

Part of my frustration is her unpredictability. I can never know which one of her Janus faces she will show me on any given day. I own Mitsouko in many different concentrations and vintages: the 2013 EDP, a 1970’s EDT, a 1960’s EDT (onion bottle), the modern pure perfume, and lastly, a 1970’s spray deodorant. Each one of them smells, and behaves, slightly different on my skin, and none of them are consistent in what they reveal to me of their character. For example, today, to write this , I sprayed the 1970’s EDT – a version with real oakmoss listed on the back of the bottle – on the back of one arm. It is usually the friendliest version of them all, for me. But today, its opening was rather severe and unforgiving.

Two hours in, however, and I get a surprise! For the first time in my relationship with Mitsouko, she is giving me a glimpse of her spiced floral mid-section, the rose, ylang, and jasmine that when combined with the peach and moss, manage to smell like freshly proved bread dough. It’s delicious. I am not sure how long this little détente will last, so I am holding my breath, hoping not to alert her to my presence. If it is not clear by now, then I will say it openly: Mitsouko is not a perfume you own. She owns you. As for me, she’s grabbed me by the short and curlies, if not my heart strings, and doesn’t seem like she’s letting go anytime soon.
positive Queen of Chypres

There isn't much more to add to what has been said. We know it's significance. It has it's place in history of perfume, it's been called the best of all time etc...

It's Oakmoss and Peach and rose and many other things, it's like a secluded garden in a forest full of flowers, with the smell of rain still in the air. Jacques Guerlain wanted to evoke with this "the smell of a woman's skin". I understand what he was trying to do.

I also don't see how anyone would not like this. It's floral, fruity, but so deep and earthly and rich and very hard to describe. I find it very unique. A wonderful mossy, beautiful fragrance, and a wonderful experience to smell. I really think everyone should try this. I don't think "old lady" or other labels. It really doesn't smell like much else and it was the inspiration (like Jicky and Shalimar), for not just many other classics, but also much of what we have today in the world of perfume.

I think this should be preserved forever as something really special. It has no gender, time or place. It should stand as something for all and everyone, and for all time. Real art in a bottle. Wonderful stuff!
positive Splendid, invigorating, evocative, balsamic, flower, baroque.. a celestial symphony. One of the best fragrances ever made – easily in the top three at least. And speaking as a man, one of the fragrances I enjoy wearing the most. As far as I know, it's also one of the few scents that have not been "mutilated" with bad reformulations... the EDP is still pretty good.

10/10 
positive I purchased Mitsouko EDP recently, and have tried wearing it just twice.  Although I do not dislike this fragrance I could not understand the raves I've read about it.  It is a little too sweet for me. 

Today I tried a sample of vintage Mitsouko pure parfum.  What a difference.  I love it.  It is so much smoother it's like drinking a great champagne vs. a cheap one.  I know that's not a great analogy, but is the best I can do right now.  I only wish this could be made by the vintage formula, of course I've wished that for Joy also ( and a few others, LOL).
positive before i tried vintage PDT i could not appreciate this scent enough,

for me this is beautiful galbanum note, spicy, strong , vibrant....an amazing experience yes ,i love how Bal a Versailes put it. Oak moss is not that green here, but gives feel of something aromatic and natural behind, that takes breath away!

when i smell it from the distance i get old lady vibe , when i put my nose closer to the skin its soo gorgeous, one has to get used to it, becasue modern perfumes just lost it, from that old lady vibe i think there must be some animalic notes too

EDT version is much sharper, in a masculin kind of way, the differenc is huge to my nose, its more mossy, less spicy, and less beauty for me


positive The most beautiful smell in the world. I know they  say do not mix your fragrances but I wear this with vintage rochas femme, the two together smell sublime, try it you wont be disappointed.
positive The beauty of this fragrance is obvious in many parts: after the bright and fruity citrus-neroli opening arises the balanced flowery jasmine and rose, counterbalanced by the bergamot, and all enveloped in a creamy of lilac, jasmine and ylang-ylang note that bears the hallmark of a classic.  The clove is providing a slightly spicy counterbalance and is accompanied by a gently powdery element. 

The base contributes a cluster of cistus, touches of ambergris, lots of benzoin and some musky aroma in the background.  

A soft and gentle patchouli is given added with by a restrained oakmoss with hints of black peppers.   Herbal-wooodsy vibes appear towards the end, with myrrh and some sandalwood standing out here.  

Recalling an older formulation, however, a lot of the richness and luxuriant intensity has gone; it has become leaner, more "modern" and a bit duller. Whilst the Louis Vuitton version veers towards the neutral overall, the total score over the years remains a thumbs-up for this classic. Projection is average, but even the new version lasts five hours on me.  Great for spring evenings.  3.5/5. 

positive this is only for the  sexy and kinky type of guys, you wanna be dusky and sexy? this is for you obscure lovers out therer!
positive MItsouko is not a fragrance but an experience. This is mine. Take an eight week old baby from it's crib at 4 pm. It's bathtime. Droplets of breast milk have run down into the creases of his neck where they smell interesting but not offensive. The soft scent of cotton wafts up from baby's skin and there is just the faintest trace of fudgy excrement on his bottom, mixed with the protective barrier cream, Amolin, I think, slightly almond. the kernel of the peach.  His wispy hair smells divine and he burps a tiny hiccup of gripe water and you recognise the dill and fennel. In spite of the active biology of his skin you desperately love and desire what is so unique and you know that in minutes he will smell of sudsy baby soap and talcum powder. 
Mitsouko in repose, after the initial burst has gone, smells of love, breath, breast, sleep, innocence and desire, milk, cotton, fennel, almond and urea. 
positive This review is for the modern extrait;

The opening is very retro in feel, with an underlying creaminess that quickly becomes more prominent, & sweeter, almost cloying. After an hour though, it is softer & mossier. And although l don't really get the peach note, l do get the "fuzzy peach skin" vibe others have mentioned. Three hours in, l get salty oakmoss along with an ambery sweetness, & the whole thing is still traceable after seven hours on my skin.
l didn't expect to love Mitsouko, although of course l respect her classic pedigree. l can imagine growing to like her a lot after a few more wearings though, especially having read that she tends to show different facets of her character at different times. She isn't bitter & green on my skin as l have found other chypres to be, but l think it's the addition of galbanum that usually causes this. Mitsouko is prettier & much less "dark & mysterious" than l expected, in fact she is surprisingly easy to wear, & makes me feel very put-together, grown-up & in control.
positive My favorite of all time, owning 3 bottles.

A must try for every Perfumista.

This is simply became an Icon in the perfumes world.

This is probably the only bergamot scent i encountered which

in the opening you are not hit with bergamot ( contrary to aqua di parma)

which surprised me, in other words, perfectly blended
positive I still have a lot to learn about chypres, so it made perfect sense to try one of the world's most famous chypres, Mitsouko.

'Perfumes: The Guide' uses Mitsouko as their chypre reference, hailing it as one of Guerlain's best masterpieces. I'm young, not really a big fan of chypres, however I do agree wholeheartedly on that definition.

Mitsouko is warm, slighty spicy, mossy, citrusy and dry. This fragrance tends to be so complex that it is difficult to pinpoint any particular note at any given time.

While this fragrance may be classic and extremely well-known, there is a sense of timelessness in this fragrance. It doesn't age as it makes an easy transition into a new century.

The classic Guerlain's continue to amaze me. Mitsouko is just as worthy of praise as those very distinguished Shalimar and L'Heure Bleue bottles. It is a pity that Guerlain now produces fragrances that don't live up to its renowned name.

While mostly green, crisp and earthy to my nose, (a scent that I'd also recommend to men), I feel a sense of velvety softness, something that settles on my skin like a harmony of silky florals and creamy goodness. This contradictory experience both confuses me and allures me at the same time.

Perhaps the reason why this fragrance is such a masterpiece is because it can evoke so many different feelings and opinions. Mitsouko is not something I can imagine myself wearing, however it is something that I could have the desire to smell every few seconds if I had the opportunity.
positive Mitsouko’s most charming quality is that it suggests an aging face.  Remember back in the day when people aged visibly?  Qualities like patience, endurance, maybe even wisdom suggested that there was a reward to having come out on the other side of youth and middle-age.  Of having gained something.  There is something deserving, and in the best cases, generous to be found in an old face.  Something implicitly handsome and attractive.  

Perhaps for worse, but, with hope, for the better, I’m aging.  Mitsouko suits me more as time passes.  I imagine there’s the lucky young person who can wear Mitsouko with aplomb, but I like to hope that wearing Mitsouko with that powerful grace of age is one of the better things in life that awaits me.

from scenthurdle.com
positive My favourite Guerlain scent. Reading these reviews reminds me I should replenish my wardrobe and buy more
positive The first time I smelt Mitsouko I was so excited.  I'd read Luca Turin going on about it and was expecting some sort of divine revelation.

I went into a department store and smelt some on a smelling strip.  My first reaction was - Wax Crayons?

However, I'd been told that you needed to try this on your skin and keep going back to it (I've also learnt that the first time I smell something complex my brain defaults to a smell it already knows).

So I kept on trying but it still wasn't opening up for me.  Then on the seventh(!) try, I'd sprayed it on and had gone into another shop (I still remember it vividly).  Suddenly it opened up around me.  It felt like I was at the centre of a 3D scent mandala whose constituents were constantly shifting and revolving around me.  I was totally lost in the enchantment of it.

Ah Mitsouko, what are you?  Hyper-synthetic peach layered with  rich florals, or bright citrus with deep dank moss?   Sometimes you feel like a misty morning, others like a bright clean summer's day,  or musty dark green undergrowth in the rain, or a candy violet treat, or.........    Whatever you are smelling like though you really hit the sweet spot in my brain and smell just darn GOOD!

Mitsouko's genius, I believe, lies (like the language of Shakespeare) in indeterminacy.  By remaining complex and open, generations of people are able to project their own interpretations into its structure.  True Art.

It wasn't quite divine but I definitely got my revelation! 
positive   I've actually changed my mind about this fragrance. The first time I wore it I thought I didn't like it, probably because it comes on very strong when I first apply it. However, I gave it another chance today and I actually like it a lot more! I think how I feel about a fragrance can vary a lot depending on my mood. Also, Mitsouko is very different from most modern fragrances so I think I just wasn't prepared for the way it smells. Today, I've been wearing it for a few hours and I find I really enjoy the way Mitsouko smells when it dries down. When I first apply it I mostly smell the dry woody and green notes a lot, but dried down it smells like exotic spices on me and I find that I want to keep smelling it! I don't think it's a fragrance I could wear every day but it's definitely a really nice sexy evening scent! I actually do recommend this one to everyone who likes chypre and spicy exotic fragrances. 

negative I tried this for the first time last Sunday.  I liked it at first.  It was earthy and fresh.  Then it dried down to "little old lady" smell.   It just didn't work for me.   However, My elderly mother and Aunt liked it
negative It's unfortunate...that I have to give this perfume a poor review based on reactions from women I know. Two took a sniff of it, one is obsessed with perfume, and immediately wrinkled noses and comments like "What the hell is that?" and "Smells like old ladies". I guarantee you 99.9% of women under 40 will not like this perfume. I'd highly recommend trying this out before deciding to purchase.

neutral This is a love it or hate it scent for me and for a number of my friends.

There are days when its earthy, sharp cinnamon/carnation blast seems totally unique and intriguing and other days when I ask myself why I am enjoying smelling like I just rolled around in fresh loam. And I am one of those who can not detect peach in this at all.

What amazes me is that the strong carnation/clove note is not listed in the ingredients. What olfactory trick is being played here.

Top notes: Peach, Bergamot, Hesperides
Middle notes: Lilac, Rose, Jasmine, Ylang
Base notes: Vetiver, Amber, Oakmoss, Cinnamon, Patchouli, Cedarwood, Black Pepper, Ambergris

I tried very hard to like this classic, but ultimately have decided after using a full 100 ml bottle over 9 months that I will not be replacing it.  Wanting to love it, but can't.
neutral I rather liked this in the original formulation. 	A lady I know and respect wears this as her signature fragrance... in its original formulation.  Apparently she has a stockpile of the vintage perfume.  Unknowingly, I bought her a bottle of the new formulation as a gift.  She eyed it warily when given, complemented me on correctly identifying her selection and then said to me "let me teach you something about perfume."  So excused herself, and apparently went and bathed and changed clothes, and applied my gift.  What a difference!  A muted presence, so much lost.  That's when she told me "Only old perfumes are worthwhile.  The regulations imposed today make perfume simply awful."  In the case of Mitsuoku, she is entirely correct.  It's not that the new formula is disgusting, but that it is only a pale imitation of the original.  It feels somehow... soulless in comparison.
neutral Chypre isn't a genre. It's a 'tude. With that being noted, I have to admit I don't carry much of the chypre 'tude, but I certainly get it and like it.

Mitsouko is the wonderfully weird abstract scent that is a godmother of hard to categorize perfumes. It definitely smells like all the noted ingredients were baked and dried for an oddly flat, yet soft affect. I remember my first sniff 5 years back was a slam of peach and cinnamon with dirty herbs. Today I get more of a soft melting of the two worlds. The marriage of the peachy floral warmth to the dry green woodiness is clever and cozy, but still a wee bitter for my tastes. 

The unmistakable oakmoss and woodsy finish is pleasant and sophisticated like a rich grandmother who buys tailored tweed blazers. She seems like she would be harsh, but she would actually like to take you out for ice cream and shopping. 

It has so far settled into the sample paper for 21 hours and has left unmistakable traces front and center. That is staying power people. Mitsouko isn't my favorite Guerlain, but I prefer it to L'Heure Blue which is pretty, but too dry and filmy for me to wear.

I notice that different batches sometimes look....different. Some juices look peachy amber, others pale acid yellow. 
neutral When I was tried this, it was overwhelmingly sweet, but the longer it stays on your skin the better it gets. It fades to a lovely powdery sweet smell with hints of spice then a subtle peach and a final lingering woody smell. It's not 'the one' for me, but if you can get over its first overpowering sweetness it's like wearing a sweet summer's day with the promise of exotic travels. 
positive What to say about Mitsouko? Her reputation proceeds her. Even the name is mysterious. I blind bought this after reading many many intriguing reviews and anecdotes...I knew my collection wouldn't be complete without it. But, I was relieved and surprised to find that I also am able to wear Mitsouko. The overall feeling is classic, if old-fashioned, and well rounded , with a spicy cinnamon note in the base, middle notes including a familair jasmine/rose accord, as well as that well-blended peach note. I can't help but continue to to analyze this fragrance when I wear it. I love this fragrance for taking me on a trip back from 1919 up until today. If you have any interest in chypres, you must sample this one. But forewarned is forearmed, this bears little resemblance to most modern fragrances so if you get freaked out by the idea of "an old lady scent" do not blind-buy. Sample and enjoy!
positive Mitsouko has become my perfume in a way that no other perfume has before.   I adore it.   This is the one which fetches the most compliments too.   It works as an everyday perfume for me in the climate of The Netherlands.

I use the EDP.  Mitsouko is the only perfume in my collection that I desire to have in the perfume formulation and I can hardly wait to find a bottle.

I can only imagine what a masterpiece the original formulation must have been.   


positive Ah, Mitsouko, nothing really compares with it.  My mother was a Guerlain devotee.  Her favorite scents were Vol de Nuit and L'Heure Bleue.  I love them too.  But these were my mother's perfumes. I wanted my own signature scent.  When I took my first sniff of Mitsouko, it was true love.  Yes, it may be a tad old fashioned compared to more modern fresh and transparent scents - but that is probably one of my favorite things about Mitsouko.  It has a depth that feels mysterious( and actually "mitsouko" means mystery in japanese). Mitsouko is a truly beautiful classic fragrance and if you haven't tried it please do. It's a must for every perfumista!
positive Vintage Eau de Cologne

Mitsouko opens with a blast of peach, bergamot, rose, and spices with a weird lettuce-esque smell underneath it all.  Once it settles down after a few seconds, a fuzzy peach, some peppery spicy notes, and a faint hint of indolic jasmine over a woody oakmoss base are what I smell.  After about half an hour, the peach fades away gradually and the spices, woods, indolic notes, and oakmoss remain, slowly but surely.  It has a very full, "plush" feel to it.  This stage lasts for hours, a surprise for an Eau de Cologne.  It is also at this point that I am somewhat reminded of Patou Pour Homme (also in the opening with the peppery notes), but quite faintly.

Mitsouko is a fragrant masterpiece, and now in my top 5.  It truly is beyond gender, and just smells freakin' delish.  It's not the kind of fragrance you would have to adapt to - it will adapt to you, and you can make it YOUR fragrance.  Beyond gender, beyond season, beyond age, beyond time, and beyond great.
positive The first time I tried this, I didn't like it, thought it too old smelling and quite harsh on the nose. I tried it again a few weeks ago and have completely changed my mind. In a time when little girly pink bottles and scents seem to dominate, this is refreshingly enduring and not nauseatingly pink and flowery. I wore it to a cousin's wedding last weekend and was impressed at it's ability to take a subltle backstage to my outfit while remaining original and totally in a league of its own with regard to its almost mystical scent. Mitsouko to me smells timeless, speaks of seductive nights in a time and city long ago with strangers, of black lace, darkly painted fingernails and illicit liasons. Haunting and enduring, mmm...
positive (Review Edp 2010)


I was prepared to smell something unique, or feel something that I've never felt before, because everybody talks about Mitsouko and It's Magic.

When I first opened the bottle and took a sniff, I had a rare experience when this reminds me in a big way of Rochas 'Femme'. I know Mitsouko and Femme are in the same group of Chipre Fruity Fragrance, but i feel a little disappointed, because I didn't expect both scents were so closely related.

But there's a difference, because Femme smell more like Woody and leathery, and Mitsouko is much less aggressive, and there is certainly a strong presence of jazmin and Rose notes, accompanied by spices. So I feel Mitsouko is more easy to wear than Femme.

When this fragrance slowly start to fade (after 8 hours), i smelt another surprise, my nose Began to detect some similarities between Mitsouko and Miss Dior (vintage)(another Chypre Legend). So I came to the conclusion that Mitsouko should be considered as one of the most imitated perfume of its generation.


Anyway this fragrance is Still the Best Chypre in the world. It has great sillage, strength, and longevity
positive Mitsouko is one of those rare icons of fragrance that has stood the test of time and represents the art of fragrance at its best. I have never been as moved by a fragrance as by Mitsouko, which is, and ever shall be my signature fragrance. Equally wearable by men and women, it was the favorite fragrance of Ingrid Bergman and Charlie Chaplin as well as many others. I leave the description of the fragrance notes to those who done such a fine job here on Basenotes and highly recommend that you experience this marvelous fragrance. Two thumbs up for one of the greatest fragrances ever conceived by man. 
positive Some perfumes make me smile, but I happily move on to something else the next day on my quest for another masterpiece. Then there are those that become an important part of my life. I have a lasting relationship with Mitsouko, still I'm not really sure what it smells like. Sometimes it's a delicate veil of almond and pepper, sometimes it's a dark wood of a mysterious temple, and sometimes it's what I think molten gold should smell like. 

For me Mitsouko has so many faces, and I know I haven't discovered all of them yet. As soon as I think I have it pinned down, something catches me off guard and I discover a new perfume. Mitsouko got me interested in women's perfumery. One day while absentmindedly browsing a Guerlain counter I happened to pick up a bottle, and the exquisitely delicate balance of contrasting notes did something to me. I've been hunting for another Misouko ever since, and while I have since found quite a few perfumes that I couldn't live without, Mitsouko has a unique place in the perfume firmament.

positive I first became intrigued by this scent while reading The Collector by John Fowles (psychologically fascinating read, by the way). Inspiring more than one real-life psychopath, the book is about a disturbed young man who abducts a beautiful art student and holds her captive in the cellar of his remote estate. The captive-protagonist is vibrant, idealistic, compassionate, philosophical, dignified, and forcefully determined to live. She embodies a thrilling fullness of youth and passion and joie de vivre. She is the perfect foil to her emotionally dead, clinical, and hollow captor who lacks the ability to appreciate any of her remarkable qualities beyond just her physical beauty.  In one pivotal scene, she has steeled herself to seduce her captor, her desperate will to live finally usurping her principles. She is certain she can melt his cold, detached soullessness by giving of herself; by showing him human tenderness and vulnerability she believes might inspire him to show mercy.  Intent on her aim, she emerges resolute from a long, near-ceremonial bath wafting “oceans of Mitsouko.”

I found this scene haunting, weighty, chilling.  From this time I have associated Mitsouko with solemn resolve, beauty with the strength and fragility of spider’s silk, uncertainty as deep and vast as the ocean. A fragrance associated with human spirit that has been pushed beyond its limits and has emerged from the other side stronger, more powerful, and with the realization of possessing a kind of freedom that cannot be taken by another. That simple description “oceans of Mitsouko” has stuck in my mind; I longed to experience it, and yet, for some reason this curiosity was shelved and forgotten. Now many years later I have finally tried Mitsouko for myself and it brings all these impressions and associations flooding back to me upon first sniff. Incredibly, this smells exactly as I would imagine it on the beautiful young captive in her damp, earthen cellar on a dark, isolated night, prepared to take on and defeat the worst of human nature with the best of human nature – compassion and forgiveness.  Lovely, melancholy, beguiling, intoxicating, austere and yet warm, a touch sad, but also wise and knowing. Poignant. I do not think it was happenstance that Fowles chose to incorporate this fragrance as a sensuous detail into his eerie tale.

I have a teeny-tiny decant of vintage extrait; I suspect it has degraded a bit with time because on my skin the top-notes seem nonexistent. It cuts straight to a heart of overripe peach nestled in a mossy heart with just a hint of spice, mainly clove. I find this stays very close to my skin and almost melds seamlessly into my own chemistry. The voluptuous softness of the peach perfectly rounds out the sharper edges of the moss. I find it addictive, achingly beautiful, and unlike anything else I have experienced. Beside Mitsouko, all of my other favorite chypres (especially those by Bernard Chant) seem like they’re . . . missing . . . something. That round, soft sweetness reigning in the deeply hypnotic and expansive mossiness is utterly unique to Mitsouko (as far as I have yet to come across, anyway).  Since sampling this, I simply don’t feel like wearing any of my other fragrances. I’m sure this will change with time, but right now I am under Mitsouko’s spell. I am awaiting a mail-order of the modern EDP and can only hope it will not disappoint me. I am hoarding this small decant of vintage, indescribably saddened by the knowledge that I might not be able to replace it; that eventually, this scent will cease to exist.

I don’t understand the reviewers who claim they don’t “get” Mitsouko. I guess I don’t see what there is to “get” – it is beautiful. End stop. I don’t get bread, dough, pickles, rancid nuts or cooking oil from this. It isn’t a fickle scent on my skin – she has been consistently lovely. Maybe I will understand when I try the newer formulation.  Maybe I just got lucky with my chemistry.  I find it timeless, quite more so even than sister-scent Shalimar. I have a wardrobe of fragrances others might consider “old lady” and though I enjoy them and appreciate them, I can understand where the “old lady” critique might apply. I don’t feel this way about Mitsouko. I am suddenly all but intolerant of the “modern” fragrances in my collection – they don’t speak to me the way Mitsouko does. They never have. I am also a little saddened to think this may be my one and only olfactory experience of this magnitude, no other fragrance has yet passed my radar that has carried with it such anticipation, such expectations, and so much weighty context. I will enjoy the search, however!

positive An almost putrid jungle note of greenery in the parfum/extrait can be a little overpowering at the open, but this mellows down to a most unusual peach note that goes on for quite long.Woodsy, damp notes prevail in the drydown that serve to unify the wearer (me) and Mitsy in a bond of love.Awesome! And my 2nd favourite scent of 2010.
positive An epic tale in minimalistic detail with clean sinuous lines reminiscent of Artnouveau made from an Occidental point of view of an Shinto temples of the island of Japan and an austere elegance.the note of Oakmoss predominates much of this scent drying in the sun with a gentil breeze dries to a suble orange note and with sweet peach that is not cloy to your senses. next Delicate white roses blooms in a simplistic Garden pathway where a Geishawith her modest aura plucks an rose andsmells it gentily when the night falls the scent of night jasmine roams the nocturnal sky and the nuances of Gingerspices and cinnamon make this complete.every fragrance tells a story or conjoures feelings or imagesFor me Mitsouko conjoures feeling of wistfulness and melancholia like star-crossed lovers from two different worldsala Sayonara with Marlon Brando a romance between an american air force Major and an Japanese entertainer forbidden by both sides with tragic results Madame Butterfly with an american admiral and his Japanese Paramour or an small shrine silhouettedin the center of an island on the Rising sun dedicated to Amaterasu Goddess of the sun and the smoke of sandalwood incense dances to the heavens.Mitsouko can be spiritual wistful calmsimple distant aristocratic distant andMelancholy.
positive I actually CAN wear this every day.And my tastes generally go from cheap to VERY cheap.It is indeed symphonicmoodyrefined but not snobbishI will buy the extraitand it is definitely edging out tabuand avon "tomorrow"It doesn't just have the go-to*plushness*of a luxury fragranceshe has a story to tellshe is a woman who canand hasbeen worn by a manand will againnot in the wink winksensemore likesighsighrambledrink ginsighwrite *good* poemsglimmerat whoeveragainthis lady lives to tell
positive I know what LT meant when he said that by naming Mitsouko as the one he would take with him if he had to flee to Mars for tax reasons he was rrunning the risk of being thought a bit obvious. After all it's so well known as one of the Greats, a classic that is still there in the top 10 ever despite the arrival (and departure) of several thousand perfumes that would have liked to claim its crown. Therefore when anyone like me, who is never going to be described as particularly knowledgeable about scents, says that it is a staple that she could not live without, she runs the immediate risk of being suspected of an inability to think for herself.There's no law that says that the whole world should love a perfume, even if it's regarded by many as a masterpiece but sometimes the majority are right. When this happens you're not necessarily just following the herd OK, maybe some are, but I have been fighting the bewitchment of Mitsouko for years and have had to admit that it's got to me - it is a great fragrance and I love it.
positive Fantastic. When the purse allows it, this will be my first 'female' fragrance. Also, for me this is a rare scent that pulls off that powdered touch fragrances of the era seem to have in common.
positive For years, this fragrance was my all-time favorite, and I endlessly compared formulations and concentrations, and fretted about not being able to find vintage stock anymore. And you know? Recently I've found it to be a bit odd, austere, and melancholy, as if I'm smelling a dark undercurrent and some nuances that I couldn't perceive before. Or that didn't bother me before. I'd never question Mitsouko's greatness and singular beauty, I only find that I've reached an age where I don't want as much drama and history in my scent. When I was young, all I wanted was drama and history, yet life has offered me enough of all that on its own now, and I find that I'm drawn to the more straightforward, joyful sweetness of L'Instant! Call it a de-evolution, and a travesty to prefer a newer Guerlain, yet there it is - I choose sweetness and light.
positive When I first tried this, in EDT from a smelling strip, I was intrigued in part and disappointed in part; I wanted to like it but like gin at five (only the smell!) and Guinness at twenty one it was a struggle...And then something clicked as it much earlier did with gin and then Guinness.And when I smell it now, in EDP, I am every time astonished by its remarkable radiance; it shares a certain undefinable lustrous glow with high carat gold that is truly beautiful and truly irresistable.Putting a man on the moon? Pah! Gold, Guinness, gin and Mitsouko are the truly great human achievements.
positive It has all been said before (talking about the original version), one of the greatest fragrances ever made.   Shalimar, L'Heure Bleu and Mitsouko are, in my opinion, the three greatest fragrances ever made ( again, not what is being sold at the moment) .   Mitsouko, is subtle and divine; a perfectly blended Chypre 
positive Millions of peaches, peaches for me...I'm normally not fond of peach but I want to eat this fragrance. Mitsouko is ripe, sliced peaches atop a plate of lush, dank greenery. This might be the current, dictionary-picture definition of 'chypre.' Gender be damned, this smells good on me!
positive Luca and Tania I now know what you mean!  Mitsouko definitely smells so divine!  If Hermes could market their Un Jardin collections as Unisex, this one could easily pass for both sexes.  You will definitely enjoy every note (top, heart, base) of this elegance in a bottle.  I bought this one without testing it, only from the great testaments that I have read.  Needless to explain why this perfume still exist up to now after almost a century from its creation, you have to try for yourseld and you will know why.  Forget about the "old lady" feeling of this creation.  People who say this are those who only know the "common" perfumes marketed for the masses.   If it smells good on you, wear it!  If people don't like it and you like it, wear it!  It's about time to teach new generation the real art of perfumery.  
positive How does one possibly review what is clearly among the greatest works of perfumery every created?  You don't.  I need not heap praise on the chypre that defined the genre more then Chypre de Coty ever did.Instead, let me briefly plug the vintage Eau de Cologne formula of Mitsouko.  These EdCs are often overlooked.  Instead of just being watered down versions of the EdT, these EdC formulas are unique compositions.  The compositions themselves are lighter and less dense, but that doesn't mean the sillage and longevity are any lighter or reduced.  I recently acquired Mitsy in EdC and it may be my favorite formula.  Unlike other formulas the bergamot component of the chypre formula is very distinct and mixed well with the peachy top/mid notes, making a bright and sunny citrus/fruity opening.  The bright citrus/fruit opening moves over the next half hour to the classic mossy/woody base.  As it moves to the base quickly, one can experience the 'chypre base' for a long time, a real treat for us chypre fans who are used to just getting a hint of oakmoss as our perfumes fade off the skin.I would never tell anyone to turn down a bottle of vintage Mitsy parfum - never.  But if you get a chance to pick up a Mitsy in EdC, definitely treat yourself.Thumbs UP.
positive This is the most beautiful of all of the Guerlain scents for women.  Exquisite!  Whenever my wife wears this (usually for special occasions) I am actually intoxicated from it.  To me it is a real turn on but the wearer needs to be a very sophisticated, fashionable, and classy woman in order to wear Mitsouko correctly and get the full benefits of this timeless fragrance. 
positive More and more I appreciate the perfume house of Guerlain… after its Vetiver I started to experiment with Mitsouko. What’s there to experiment you will ask me! Well as written above, it is not an easy one to pull off. This is a powerhouse of a fragrance that lingers and lingers for hours… to the point that you can’t, simply can’t, forget you have it on! It is strong and all the other wonderful things written about it by other basenoters, but still this is quite remarkable of a fragrance to wear nowadays. I feel strange to wear it. I am almost always conscious how others may or may not perceive it on me. I am not the kind of person who cares too much of what others think of me (although we certainly don’t live in a vacuum); however, Mitsouko makes me so much aware of its presence around me that I keep on wondering what would I think of someone smelling like this! And it is me who I try to figure out! I am sorry if I sound too psychoanalytic but I put on Mitsouko this afternoon at 12.30 and at 20:00 I can still feel it quite clearly. Yes this is a historic fragrance, yes it smells olfactory to say the least, yes it is remarkable in its silage … but yes it needs maybe an updated version to be a bit more wearable in daytime at least, in our day and age. And for perfume’s sake keep the original going, but give us also a subtler version.  I haven’t tried the Lotus version and I am really curious about it. Maybe it is the answer. Indeed Mitsouko is extraordinary, powdery and warm; however, on my skin and for my taste it is too sweet.
positive MITSOUKO is an enigma to me. Though it smells green and mossy for the most part, I can't deny the existence of sweetness and spice, with a depth and complexity that are beyond compare. I believe it is this inherent maze of subtleties that bestows Mitsouko with a mythical chameleon-like ability to transform its character and compliment any skin partner. On a man, Mitsouko smells confidently masculine and cerebral; on a woman, it weaves a little web of intrigue, portraying itself as a mysterious, seductive beauty. Few are immune to its legendary charms.The EDT version I have dates from 1973 so I doubt if it's a reformulation, yet it feels light and translucent for a chypre. But when you consider Mitsouko began life as an extrait, you'd be a little more forgiving. On a more positive note, I find this translucence allows for greater variation in wearing styles with a more liberal application bringing Mitsouko's enchantment to its magical best.  *** This review is of the EDT ***   
positive My first reaction to Mitsouko was "weird", but definitely a GOOD weird. I wanted to get to know it better and bought a bottle of the edt. If you like resinous, chypre scents (or even if you don't) you have to give this one a try at least a couple of times. I was worried that it would be too spicy but luckily I can detect just a little in the background mix. Don't expect a modern day fruity peach note though, this is more of a smooth, "fuzzy" peach which sweetens the resins perfectly. I did not find it remotely musty or old lady-ish - thank goodness! - which I got from L'HB. To me it is timeless and quite addictive. Mitsouko edp is currenly my default perfume - the one I turn to when I don't know what to wear - and it never dissappoints. If you find the edp overwhelming but interesting at first sniff, start with the edt and take your time. It will be well worth it. 

negative Bought this for the wife based on all the reviews and so thought it was going to be something amazing. But I couldn't wrong enough,Mitsouko smelt awful!! It smelt like an elderly women's wardrobe. Very strong and very flowery....its so strong it would knock out any bee in your area!!

negative I sampled this in a store and it was just unpleasant.  It had a peanut butter vibe under the peach notes which made me glad that it was sprayed on a card and not on my wrist.

neutral Mitsouko is a monumental piece of art for sure and my neutral rating basically depends on its lack of versatility and by the faint appeal it uses to arouse around. Many find it prehistoric and pot pourri. I think this is the kind of fragrance to wear just for a gala night in a gothic castle and certainly not in the course of an "after hour" party or in a lounge bar while drinking an exotic cocktail. Mitsouko is a very spicy, woody-mossy and rooty scent with a deeply hesperidic opening and a discreet fruity and floral presence. Spiciness is exotic and mainly cinnamonic with more than faint conjurations about the Cinnabar's viney piquancy. It is an extremely mystic floral chypre with hesperides in the top, earthy/rooty notes, resins (hints of incense and myrrh), a central floral soul, a dark-green mossy evolution in the bottom and with several fruity (peaches) and creamy (a touch of vanilla may be) nuances. The presence of an aristocratic rose in the top notes enhances the spiritual and ethereal temperament of the olfactory work of art. It is like a virtual insight in a tunnel full of mystery and darkness. It's like matching a sort of extrasensorial and decadent state of bliss and silence. Its impressive (earthy/rooty) spiciness conjures me more than vaguely also Clinique Aromatics Elixir which nevertheless is more wearable and this is emblematic of how much complex and hardly wearable Mitsouko is. Whoever dare to wear this creation is a very complex, conservative person with a bursting personality. This woman (o man as well) is baroquely dressed, is enigmatic, indipendent and mysterious. She runs away in the night as a ghost, she walks severely along the lobbies of the nobiliar palace and never comes back again.
neutral I got a small bottle of Mitsouko EDT iin a Guerlain miniature collection that I bought about 2000.   When I was in Tokyo I also sampled Mitsouko in a high end department store. I really liked Mitsouko and could not wait to buy a vintage bottle before the re-formulation.  I found vintage pure perfume, bought it, and today wore it.  This review is for the vintage bottle that I bought and wore today.

It is not offensive but it smells like soap to me.  A very ordinary scent.  The scent also makes me feel really old.   It is quite different from the EDT in the miniature collection and different from what I remember smelling in Tokyo. Maybe it has just not aged well or wasn't stored properly.  Or maybe I just don't care for Mitsouko after all.  This cost me a small fortune and I have no idea what to do with it as I will never wear it again and the bottle is almost full.

Tomorrow or the next day I will wear the newer EDT and do another review. 2/17/2011

Well, today I wore the newer Mitsouko EDT.  It still has an overtone of soap but it has a fresher, younger smell then the pure perfume I wore yesterday.   It also has a peachy overtone.  I have to say that I may wear it once every year or so and don't regret it having it since it was bought of a miniature collection.  However, I will never invest anymore time or money in Mitsouko.  It's just not sophisticated enough for me.  Not offensive but not great either.  Just -- Neutral.
neutral This is a really heavy spicy one.  I am having a hard time smelling the peach. I dont dislike it. it reminds me of Shalimar, which I do like.  Its just... really heavy and old fashioned. Its like the perfume equivalent of a vintage Rolls - classy, ridiculously well made, but very few people are actually going to drive one around these days. I feel expensive and like I've aged 10 years.
neutral I've been living with Mitsouko for a while, and finally decided that it just doesn't hold up as a contemporary fragrance. Mitsouko is as melancholy and nostalgic as a packet of love letters tied up with ribbon and hidden in an old steamer trunk. But unlike Chanel No. 5 and Shalimar -- literally worn by everyone and their mother (and grandmother!) -- it no longer smells "of the moment" to me. Hate to say it, but there's a distinctly maiden-aunt air to this, and I could never bring myself to wear it in public, much as I appreciate its art, its mystery, and its history.
positive Tried sample of Eau de Toilette in small set; nice longevity and hints of wonderful scents and notes that don't QUITE reach fruition.  Definitely going to try as EDP.
positive Until today I have never owned Shalimar, the pillar perfume. I've tried it, hundreds of times, always the EDP and decided it wasn't for me. I own Parfum Initial, L'Eau, Eau de Shalimar, Batwing Shalimar Cologne and the 2015 version Cologne. My favourite is Cologne 2015 and I ordered what I thought might be a replacement bottle that was headed EDT/Cologne. Yes, I thought, that's it, Shalimar Cologne 2015 at EDT strength. It was the EDT that arrived. I had factored that in as an eventuality and I sprayed it on, layered with a bit of the Batwing bottle Eau de Cologne (made for the U.S. market in the U.S.A) and it's very nice, I will use it, but I love the Cologne 2015 as it is closest to Shalimar Eau Legere (DISC) Are we all sufficiently confused now? I haven't even mentioned the Madagascar or the Mexique. There is no escape from Shalimar.
positive Shalimar is the crown jewel in the Guerlain catalog, the scent that came to define the house and it's use of the "Guerlinade" compound note which found its way into almost all of perfumer Jacques Guerlain's compositions, plus a great many of Jean-Paul Guerlain's as well. Shalimar was named after a garden in Lahore made for Mumtaz Mahal, the same woman for whom the Taj Mahal was also built. The creation of Shalimar was near-accidental too, as perfumer Jacques Guerlain discovered its primary accord by pouring a bottle of ethylvanillin into a bottle of Jicky (1889), the seminal fougère that was originally composed by his uncle Aimé Guerlain, building a fragrance upon another fragrance as Jacques Guerlain was known to do. Therefore like Jicky, Shalimar is technically a fougère as well, since it is built up from that fragrance's structure, but it contains a great many more oriental elements to it, and is thus often associated with the oriental category. If Jicky was the unintentional gender bender progenitor that was loved by a great many men alongside women, and Mouchoir de Monsieur (1904) the masculine-targeted shade thereof, then Shalimar is the rounder and more-luxurious advancement of that primary accord pitched to women during the roaring 20's. The scent was originally released in 1921 alongside Chanel No. 5 (1921), and proved to be the strongest competition that iconic perfume had, but went under a numerical designation just as the Chanel did until 1925, because the name "Shalimar" was being contested by another perfumer who claimed to have already used it. When known as "No. 90", the perfume made waves, but it wasn't until it's widespread 1925 release as Shalimar that the legend was born. The overall smell of Shalimar isn't much removed from Jicky, and indeed many of the great oriental and fougère-like compositions made under the hands of Jacques Guerlain share similar traits, not only because of his "fragrance upon another fragrance" crafting or the "Guerlinade" house accord he perfected, but also because it's the style he seemingly preferred. L'Heure Blue (1912), Mitsouko (1919), and Shalimar all have multiple levels of this intertextuality with each other and previous Guerlain efforts from which Jacques drew his inspiration; that was just part of of his unique creative process.

What makes Shalimar stand out from all it's siblings is its plushness, its fullness, the radiance of its notes, which can be a bit much to take for some people. The scent opens with lavender, bergamot, and mandarin, but switches out Jicky's rosewood for aldehydes and herbal rosemary, which makes for the resplendence of Shalimar's opening. This change doesn't make as much difference to the overall character of the perfume as the addition of an actual heart structure to Shalimar, which Jicky sorely lacked. That scent moves from its barbershop opening into a hellish moat of animalic and heady base notes, with only a floral heart inferred by the flip-flop transition between top to bottom. Jacques Guerlain likely wasn't happy with the "presto-chango" suddenness of uncle Aimé's composition, because instead, we go down to the base notes in stages with Shalimar, more like a traditional perfume. Jasmine, rose, patchouli, and vetiver stand vividly in the heart of Shalimar more than they did in the trap door dry down of Jicky, and are joined by a poofy iris note which also replaces the orris of Jicky and helps Shalimar feel a bit more feminine, which was the aim anyway. The tell-tale vanilla note anchoring the accidental discovery that is this perfume's primary accord shows up halfway, bringing in the rest of the Jicky base with new additions of opoponax and peru basalm. Shalimar tries to be a little more polite with its use of animalics, taking musk in place of styrax, and toning down the civet and ambergris just a touch so the other heart notes of tonka, leather, sandalwood, and oakmoss can be felt. I don't get the cinnamon spice or incense notes of Jicky in Shalimar either, and the blending is much smoother, making any note separation a real reach (translation, lots of sniffing to find), which is another master stroke of Jacques himself. Taken on its own merit without comparing it to compositions with which it shares most of its notes, Shalimar is an unusual vanillic oriental fougère-like fragrance that sat right with women in the early 20th century, particularly flappers that liked it's dynamism made possible by rich semi-indolic underpinnings, lady-like aldehydic florals, and oriental smoothness. Wear time varies greatly on concentration, as Shalimar was made in many forms, but a median figure across all iterations is a solid 8 hours of moderate sillage. Something this illustrious isn't a casual wear, regardless of context, so make sure you don't glow like a diesel hot plug by your choice of Shalimar on a casual game night. 

All told, Shalimar is still mostly retained by women as the matriarch of grand perfumes, with only the aforementioned Chanel No. 5 to really contest this claim, but guys can totally wear Shalimar too, as the primary accord is rather unisex, but with a slightly heavier dose of "Guerlinade" than usual pushing the smell to be uncomfortably makeup-like if you're a jock type. Still, dandies in France famously have worn Shalimar for years, and if Jicky didn't scare you, I doubt this will either. The reason for the stigma against men wearing Shalimar, like most things in the fragrance world, comes down to marketing. Guerlain had mostly given up on pitching Jicky to women even after making Mouchoir de Monsieur as a manlier substitute, but they stuck to their guns with Shalimar, keeping it in the company of Mitsouko and L'Heure Bleu as sort of the "big 3" feminines from the house, creating something of a marketing barrier. Then Jean-Paul Guerlain went off and made the chypre Habit Rouge (1965) with grandfather Jacques' "Guerlinade" in the mix, perhaps moving male interest further away from Shalimar in the process, but that hasn't stopped perfume hobbyists or open-minded guys with a bit of gender fluidity from enjoying it. Bottom line here is if you like old floral barbershop smells, vanillic orientals, and anything with a clean, plush, soapy smell up top, but a substantially musky animalic backbone, you'd enjoy Shalimar regardless of what is between your legs. Since this perfume has inspired so many others high and low, you've likely already bought something descended from it anyway and didn't know. Parfum extrait and eau de parfum are going to be the heaviest take with the most complex dry downs. More vanilla, oakmoss, sandalwood, and musk is present to my nose in the extrait, and the top fades fastest. I find folks enjoying the animalic qualities of Shalimar best suited to the eau de toilette, which seems to let the floral heart and civet in the base breath more freely, at the cost of some development. The folks who want the fougère elements to ring truest are better off with the eau de cologne, since it showcases the lavender and bergamot strongest, then crisply segues through the floral heart and lays upon a drier version of the base that sees the vanilla, civet, and leather turned down in favor of the tonka, oakmoss, and ambergris. Regardless of which version you get, they're all thumbs up from me. Shalimar is a pièce de résistance solidifying Guerlain as one of the greatest perfume houses of all time, and you know I rarely speak in such lofty terms.
positive I think of Shalimar as the more elegant and refined version of Jicky.

It is a signature worthy fragrance that can easily be worn by men. Get it while it’s still readily available. 

Only caveat, it takes time to understand and appreciate Shalimar, vintage Shalimar makes this process easier.
positive Shalimar is one of the most famous perfumes of French house Guerlain and one of my all time favorites. If you want to be clinical about it, the perfume was created in 1925 by Jacques Guerlain, in time when the “scent of Orient” began spreading through Western Europe. It touched everything, from fashion, art, music…to perfumes. Jacques Guerlain was experimenting with a brand new substance, synthetic vanilla (etylvanilin) and mixed it with different perfume basis. He was happy with the results but when he mixed vanilla and Jicky…magic happened. The spirit of Shalimar was freed from the bottle.

Perfume and its name haven’t stopped intriguing our senses and imagination; its effect breaks social taboos. Respectable ladies of the time shouldn’t consummate cigarettes, dance tango… and wear Shalimar. They of course did all that in secrecy. There isn’t a force strong enough to stop the passion and erotic yearning for life embodied in Shalimar, whose name in Sanskrit means “temple of love.” Legendary garden where Emperor Shah Jahan and Mumtaz Mahal celebrated their love. After Mumtaz’s death, inconsolable emperor built Taj Mahal in honor of his favorite wife. Like Taj Mahal, Shalimar is a monument and part of perfume history. It is the first oriental perfume history knows. But that is not the most important thing…because the story of Shalimar has no beginning or end. It is a story of the essence of human desire, the sweet moments of bliss unknown to history but older than time.

It could have been created in ancient Egypt where its lush, intoxicating nature would spark forbidden love between Cleopatra and Marc Antony. Homeland of Shalimar could have been mysterious and magical Arabia because it told more than 1001 tales. I can easily imagine Madame Pompadour wearing it and knocking the entire Louis XV’s court of their feet with her beauty, charm and seductive silage. I can even see, with my inner vision, a beautiful creature inhabiting Earth thousands of years from now, smelling like Shalimar and through synthetic explosion in its highly developed brain soaking freely all the beauty of being on this planet and tasting its sensual fruits skillfully captured in a small bottle of perfume. As poet John Keats said: “A thing of beauty is a joy for ever, Its loveliness increases, it will never pass into nothingness.” If that is the case, isn’t it beautiful?
positive Think Mae West and Sophia Loren and Rita Hayworth all rolled into one. Pure and utterly rich plushness and rounded, generous bosoms and a warm, talcum-ed girdle. The grande dame of all perfume-land and one of the few scents that I love, but cannot wear. She is truly beautiful and utterly seductive...so much so that I feel as if I am wearing a satin negligee and pink feather boa whenever I put her on. She is more of a woman than I ever could be and almost too hot to handle, so I smell her from a distance and enjoy her all the more that way. 

The scent for which the term va-va-voom was invented.
positive One of the greatest scents in modern history.  I've always owned this and always shall.  My nose memory cannot tell the difference between vintage and modern.  Nor, does it care.  Not a scent for the timid.  Deep, rich, velvety, and assertive...
positive I’m so glad I have this beauty in my stable finally!  I’ve flirted with Shalimar for a long time, and really wanted to get it, and then by some major luck I was able to pick up a nice big bottle for an astonishingly good price, so I went for it.  But really, what more can I say about this that hasn’t been said before?  It’s a beautiful scent and I can understand why so many people love it.  The sillage and longevity of this is amazing – I could still smell this after eight hours, and it’s one of those scents that seems to bloom if you get a bit warm.  This is one of the few perfumes I have that has elicited an unprompted “oh, you smell nice!” from my husband.  Normally I have to shove my arm under his nose and ask him to smell it before I’ll get a comment.  Reading through the reviews, I’m amazed at how this perfume reacts with different people – some get leather, some get incense, some get spice, some get lemon.  Each time I wear this, it is different.  The first time I wore it, it was all soft powder with a touch of citrus.  The next time, I got a big burst of citrus at the start, with a hint of leather, before it mellowed into a beautiful, soft, creamy powdery vanilla.  The time after that, it was all powder and cream and vanilla, straight away.  Shalimar smells sexy and very, very classy but at the same time, there is also something very comforting and approachable about it.  It’s like you’re at a fancy party, and you see a stunningly beautiful, beautifully dressed, elegant woman – at first glance, she appears aloof, and you’re not sure if you should approach her.  So you stay away, and instead she approaches you and flings her arms around you and greets you like a long-lost friend, and she’s so warm and friendly and welcoming that you wonder why you stayed away.  I love it.  
positive Top notes attractive notes with the freshness of the citrus flavor (especially the notes of Bergamot). The colors from the floral notes give the overall scent of perfume a special, full of smooth continuous drainage with the presence of iris, jasmine and roses. Creamy soft vanilla seductive, combined with the scent of iris hard to resist, all around flavor and aroma of a food pharmaceutical warm tonka bean, all blended into a unified whole top from which no language can describe.

Queen of the oriental flavor, fragrance Shalimar is a feminine, attractive and timeless for perfume. Perfume scent sexy and smooth screen with sweet vanilla flavor warm embrace of incense and amber. Elegance and persistence, the seductive appeal of Shalimar contained.

Timeless oriental fragrance full of charm and mystery for the girls. Beautiful bottle design and meaningful. Exotic fluidity is also the strength of fragrance. 
positive This 1950s Shalimar Eau de Cologne is a nice, sweet vanilla and tonka perfume, stronger than my 1980s Habit Rouge Eau de Cologne, but bearing a strong resemblance.
positive Sharp bergamot and powder on the opening, a little soapy. Rose and jasmine full in your face, drying beautifully through amber and creamy sandalwood. Tonka, opopanax and leather underneath.
The first 20 minutes are gorgeous - I have my nose to my wrist every 60 seconds so as to not miss a turn in the development.
Although the opopanax powder is quite heady at first - I found it be an acquired taste, actually - it is soon balanced by the incense spice. Later, it settles down into that lovely soft, warm vanilla and tonka base, kept from becoming too sweet by a little leather to dry it.

Definitely a grown-up fragrance with the option of sharing - would love to smell it on a musky male, interesting with a touch deep in a beard, I think.
One of my top 5 favourite feminine fragrances and the first I ever bought blind...
positive What can I say about Shalimar?  I think it is a milestone of perfumery.  A classic.  I am a Guerlain addict and I love the big 3 (L'Heure Bleue, Mitsouko and Shalimar).  I always have an EDP working of those three.  I love Shalimar but was first not going to wear it because I associated it with both my mother and sister who wore it.  I thought it would be too much for me but it is wonderful.  This dark, sweet and smoky scent is wonderful on me and can definitely be worn by a man.  3 sprays will do it;  one on the chest and one in each crook of the elbow is enough.  Best to apply about an hour before leaving the house as the opening is quite strong and can be alarming with the high dose of bergamot.  
The beauty of Shalimar for me is the development of all the notes that come together in the final drydown.  
I think that the citrus blast of bergamot with a bit of cedar in the opening leads beautifully into the heart of jasmine, iris and a deep rose scent that is unbelievably rich.  The creme brulee vanilla drydown is stunningly displayed on skin for the remainder of the day and I love it at the end of the day when I take my T shirt off and can still smell the Guerlinade and perhaps a bit of civet to make it interesting and personal.  
The use of oppoponax and tonka bean are pure genius and make the base absolutely unforgettable.
Everyone must try this just to sample a bit of the brilliance of Guerlain.
This seems like a refined sweeter version of the civet heavy Jicky which is my number one favorite scent of all time.
positive A lemony, powder-sugared confection.  That is how the gourmand quality hits me.  Like those little lemon cookies at Easter time covered in powdered sugar.  So yeah, this is very powdery.  My mom always wore the very powdery Chantilly and this is also very powdery in a similar way.  If you associate powdery perfumes with mothers and grandmas, then this will be one of those.  

The dry down is where Shalimar really wins me over.  It settles into a warmer, more vanilla scent (yet still powdery).  I can't get enough of it then. At this point, it doesn't project as much, making it more of a personal indulgence of nostalgia.  Not one you're going to wear out to blast the party and club scene with.
positive My family is mostly show people and jazz musicians, and when I was little there were often colorful characters hanging around, HOW colorful I didn't find out until later.

One of them was an older English lady named Mae, who had a white poodle. Apparently she was the madam in a high-end brothel. Sometimes we'd go to Mae's apartment, which had the most extraordinary smell of years and years of Shalimar permeating every surface + unwashed dog. That was my first Guerlain experience. (The second was a Pekingese that smelled of Mitsouko. True - not trying to be funny.)

So it took a very long time before I could really consider Shalimar on its own merits, and even then, its skanky facet was off-putting to me, because I kept smelling unwashed dog! In retrospect, Mae's poodle may not have been that dirty, and it might have just been her vintage Shalimar. I really never thought I'd become a Shalimar person, even though I have lots of history with the other vintage Guerlain greats.

The Ode a la Vanille (Mexique) ended up being my gateway drug, because the vanilla in that version is so smoky and dense and wonderful that I could stick with it, and now I've learned to love even the skank of Shalimar proper. 

I do continue to prefer that limited edition, yet I've come to own and love the EDC, as well, because that version also features a very smoky vanilla, and ends up wearing as mostly that. Plus it's often available inexpensively in the drugstore! Coming around to Shalimar has actually had a fantastic effect on my perfume spending habits, for while I  still find new things that I like, when I ask myself, "but would you be likely to NOT wear Shalimar to wear this instead?" it's just a no.


positive Salutation.

I absolutely love this fragrance and definitely it is in my top 10 of all great fragrances for ladies.It is a classically timeless rich floral fragrance.A sensual and provocative fragrance that oozes femininity. Masterpiece,Seductive,Warm,Magnetic, Artistic,Rich and Feminine

The opening is classic floral with a citrusy note,which harmonizes with the note of Rose,Jasmine and Patchouli.A base of Incense, Vanilla,Sandalwood and Leather brings an air of Sensuality as it is warm and full of depth. The dry down is wonderful.

You wear it when you are going somewhere very SPECIAL and you want to make a Great impression.This fragrance might be best for AUTUMN/WINTER seasons.excellent for perfect lady. Anyway in my mind it is an intoxicating bosom smell,it is just phenomenal and a definite must have.

Sillage?Fantastic. 

Longevity?Great on my skin. 

THANK YOU GUERLAIN 

8.5/10
positive This is an intriguing opening indeed, a surprisingly dark bergamot with rose and - on my skin - an early opopanax burst - denoting shadowy freshness with incense. The floral drydown with iris, jasmine and a whiff of a gently smoky leather.  
In the second half the very guerlainesque vanilla grown stronger, full but elegant and never overbearing. 

This is fairly unique composition, beautifully balanced, well blended and firmly structured.  Classic, especially older version,whose drydown have a gentle powderiness added and are richer and darker.  Yet the newer versions - they are no full reformulations to me - are less powdery and lighter, but still delightful. 

I get strong sillage, excellent projection and eight hours of longevity. 

A grand classic and well worth it, even the recent versions: 4.25/5.
positive I quite like this. However if I have to speak my mind free from the pressure of knowing that it is sort of a perfume legend and all, I would rate this as one of the old perfumes. It's nice but could be better, or, it smells somewhat dated to my nose and I wouldn't want to wear this too often. My aunt used to wear this, this alone, -who owned only this.-25 years ago also didn't help me too much shake the perception of Shalima being OLD. 

If I am over 55, I wouldn't want to use it since I am sure this scent will add more age. I think anybody who is still  young can try this one without feeling too self-conscious. She will stand out smelling gorgeous and above all, special. 
It is just my personal opinion, but I believe that scents can make the wearer seem aged/dated since the famous and old perfumes have popular smell of the era which everybody can associate with those period.It seems especially true those era are closely put together. Whenever I smell of Estee Lauder Beautiful, the wearer is almost always over 35. Really powdery one like Chanel No.5 or Soapy one like White linen is frequently worn by 50+ yo ladies. Anybody sticking to wearing Thierry Mugler's Angel can be seen 30+. The more broadly popular the scents were, the worse the effect, I reckon since mass of people recognize them. but, less known scents that were created a century ago, still can smell very fresh due to rarity.
positive I began wearing Shalimar after spending a lot of time around one of my friends who wore it every day.   I thought she was so feminine and classy, and that's the way it makes me feel.   I believe it is the vanilla and opoponax that got me addicted to it.  I'm so glad that my husband also LOVES this perfume.  To me, it is as classic as Chanel No. 5, which I'm actually not that fond of.  
positive I'm going to assume the notes on this site are quite incomplete because I don't see anise, black pepper, or cinnamon listed and all three have a presence in this fragrance.  The top is bergamot with pepper and anise, a bit too spicy for my taste but very well-blended leading straight into the heart of it which is slightly flowery, slightly powdery, slightly spicy and slightly creamy.  This middle lasts quite a while and there's a hint of incense, smokiness, and leather throughout but as with any well-blended Guerlain you'll only catch some of these facets some of the time throughout the day.  This is so well-done that I can't get enough of that scent despite the fact that I find it too spicy for me.  The incense gets a bit stronger as the middle drags slowly along but it never really dominates on me.  Coming to the end phase of the fragrance, many hours later, a touch of dryness or leatheriness remains but there's a lot of creaminess and a touch of spiciness acting as dominant notes.  It almost smells like warm milk with a bit of cinnamon and just a touch of vanilla.  I would eat something that smells like this.  The Guerlinade is most certainly there too.  Overall I love the smell of it and though a man could get away with wearing it in extreme moderation I don't think i'll be wearing it often just because of how uncomfortable I am smelling anise or pepper all day.  It's no wonder this great fragrance is a classic of perfumery!
positive Old formulation: My mother had a sample in the late 80s/early 90s, and I remember loving it, the opulent spicy fragrance which I associated to winter and warm coats.

New formulation: I recently tested it at a department store. It does smell quite differently, still with the same inspiration, but the new version is a worthy fragrance in its own way. If I could, I would own both formulations.

The new formulation started with a combination that reminded me of the older Shalimar, spicy, warm, almost oily (in a good way), only not as round. Maybe a bit more angular and less oily. 

As it dries, it becomes very different from the older one. The woods and sandal came to the front and in my opinion created a sour phase which previously did not exist. I quite appreciate this phase. Then amber and incense too, it becomes a little less sour and rounder, but still quite different from the older Shalimar, woodier, airier and not as oily. After a while the sour disappears and it is woods, amber, incense and a few spices in a rounded, warm, more "behaved" version of the older one.

Still a dense perfume, but different. As I said, I actually like both.
positive I own the EDC from Walmart.  When i first sprayed it on, i smell a plastic shower curtain smell.  This changed over time to a strong powdery orange creamcicle smell mixed with vanilla and maybe some sweaty keys out of someones sweaty pocket?!  
   Gotta try it again later.

K, tried it again and now.....I really like it...no plastic shower curtain or sweaty pocket scent at all.  Strange how ones nose picks up different things each time.  One thing i did differently this time was shake the bottle a little before applying....don't know if that mattered or not?  This time i pick up more citrusy smells....which i adore by the way, but is that bergamot in the mix making it smell kind of like an orangy lemon?  Oh, and vanilla, which i like, but i really, really would like to be able to pick out the leather note...which right now i am having allot of trouble doing...i would wear something with mainly just that note if i could just smell it.  So far, love it tho...powdery lemony orange vanilla...thats what i pick out. 
positive Genre: Oriental

I don’t have much to add to the discussion where this classic is concerned. All I care to do is draw attention to the brilliant treatment of opopanax. Much has been said regarding the unique quality of Guerlain’s vanilla, displayed most prominently in Shalimar and Jicky, but for me the enigmatic, spicy-sweet, resinous quality of opopanax is equally responsible for Shalimar’s allure. The interplay of vanilla and opopanax established in Shalimar’s base notes still resonates in compositions as recent as Diptyque’s Eau Lente and Nicolaï’s Maharadjah, but I have yet to experience an interpretation that trumps the original’s exquisite balance. I wonder if it’s even possible to fully comprehend the oriental fragrance genre without becoming familiar with Guerlain’s enduring paragon.


negative Good God, what have they done to this once beautiful perfume?  This concoction is an abomination of its former self.  I had an older bottle for years that I would always return to, received a new one for a present that is so different it is nearly unrecognisable.  The cloyingly sickly sweet smell of vanilla off the new formulation is downright offensive, I actually had to wash it off and I have never had to do that before with perfume.  What was once one of my favourite scents is now dead and buried.  Don't bother buying this, just get a couple of vanilla pods and rub them around your neck, job done. 
negative I ordered a bottle of this over the internet, and thought it must have been a knock-off because it smelled so terrible on me. I gave it away, but have since tried it again at a department store to make sure it wasn't just a bad bottle, and it wasn't. There is something in the opening that reacts badly with my skin. After about 30 minutes it calms down, but still doesn't smell great. I had a bottle of Shalimar back in the early 80s and did not have a problem, so I am thinking it is something they have added to the newer formulations. The newer version is truly terrible on me and I cannot pick out anything on the pyramid that normally reacts that way with my skin. My friend asked me please not to stand too close...
negative Shalimar EdP opens with a astringent citrus accord of bergamot and lemon and then moves into a lovely vanilla scent.

When the incense arrives and melds with the vanilla the scent does become quite alluring.

Though as it evolves you begin to smell leather and civet which also mix's in with the incense in a unpleasant way. At this stage it starts to smell acrid like mothballs or bug spray.

The scent is complex and has many facets of development with floral notes adding to the above notes. 

I like some elements of the fragrance like the vanilla and incense. But what kills my interest is the dated mothball/bugspray like accord coming from the civet and incense.
negative Shalimar is unequivocally the most cloyingly sweet, baroque perfume on the market today. Some old fragrances become classic standards that are timeless. Others survive by being "a name" in popular culture. The overwhelmingly sickening sweet synthetic vanilla and talcum powder of Shalimar that projects and punches EVERYBODY within 20 feet of the wearer (literally) is actually indecent and offensive. Goes beyond a statement. Beyond boldness. Beyond good taste. I can't think of another fragrance that is so overpowering that I'd have to tell someone I can't stand to be near them. Long after escaping the vicinity of a  Shalimar cloud, it's all you can smell. Your battered olfactory senses causing a headache and thoughts of "does this meal smell like Shalimar?" or "have they cleaned this restroom with Shalimar?" and so on. The domineering pervasiveness is actually rude then.

neutral I am really in two or even multiple minds on this one.  Had a test spray on a strip last summer, liked it enough to spray some on me. Lovely, and not like anything else in my wardrobe. I read all the blurb, info and reviews,  and added it to my birthday wish list.  Hmm. Be careful what you wish for. Like a summer romance that fades once back in the real world, I wonder if I'd mixed up the scents I tried that August afternoon in Brighton. Or maybe the air is different in the South West. 
This smells gorgeous on the dry down, but the couple of hours to get there? A heavy traffic journey in an overheated car with a fractious under- 4 screaming "are we there yet?" Way too intense.
I have to be really careful not to apply more than 2 sprays, or I get burning eyes, instant head ache and can barely breathe. Aldehydes? But my skin always absorbs fragrance very fast, so I have to apply at least 4 sprays to get it to last over two hours.  Ok; so a smart exit from the bathroom away from the fog of choking scent, and the first strikingly good and weird stuff starts happening within 10 minutes. A huge burst of cut lemons right next to a smoking wood fire, without any blending of the two. They are absolutely distinct in a way I've not experienced in any other scent. So good, yet so scary. This perfume is taking no prisoners. Something dirty-sexy bleeds through  about half an hour later, it's very animalic at this point, bordering on the unpleasant, and I hate it.  This feels far too strong to be on me at all, and definitely not out in public, but by then, I'm leaving the house, so too late to back out. 
However,....I can't stop sniffing my arms. After an hour the lemons and smoke and dirt have come together to make a truce, and an uneasy peace is agreed. Some days the ceasefire holds and I love wearing this,it's earthy, smoked-lemony and gorgeous. Some days though there are  nasty skirmishes and the smell remains over-strong, unblended, raw and industrial. 
Some fragrances can only be worn when I am in the right mood for them,(such as Cliquat de Lancome or Ivoire de Balmain), and that always works. The problem I have with Shalimar, is that I can't guess whether its going to be a day of war or peace- the scent reaction to  my skin seems to be completely out of my control. Mood doesn't affect her. Overall a bit of a loose cannon. When she was good, she was very, very good; and when she was bad, she was horrid.    
neutral I had the chance to test Shalimar EDP (current version), Shalimar parfum de toilette, Shalimar Souffle de Parfum and buy a 70s vintage version Shalimar, the first version of Ode à la Vanille, sur la Route de Madagascar and sur la Route du Mexique. 

The current Shalimar EDP was a bit disappointing. A lot of bergamot with some cardamom and then a powdery rose (almost itchy). Then it settles down finally but doesn't give a good sillage. What's funny is that it smells different if you smell it one cm away from another spot. 

Shalimar from the 70s is so much better. Both softer and spicier, with an amber, cashmere feel. You get the bergamot and the rose, but nothing is too strong. 

Parfum de toilette (mine is from 93) is even softer but powerful with more powdery vanilla. Less “itchy” bergamot and rose. 


Souffle de parfum shouldn't be compared. This is not Shalimar, don't expect Shalimar. There are some common notes, especially if you wear vintage Shalimar on the other wrist. But it's very good on its own! A wonderful floral with some spices and a gourmand dry-down. I'm happy I randomly got a sample of this and I hope I'll get a full bottle. Sillage could be better, though.

The original Ode à la Vanille opens in a very bitter way. It's balsamic. Then it goes towards a powdery bergamot. The acid vanilla comes later. It's a bit sweeter than the vintage Shalimar but quite similar in the dry down. It also has more fruit. 

Sur la Route de Madagascar shares a lot of notes as well, but it's more floral than fruity. It's more animalistic. Dirtier in a very sexy way. It has more vanilla than the others as well. 

Sur la Route du Mexique opens with more pepper. It's something between rhum and gin, with spices. It might have a more itchy, synthetic feel for me.

Note that the three bottles are exactly the same. You've got to keep the boxes to differentiate them. 

The opening of all those Shalimar, except for souffle de parfum, is the biggest difference. The more they dry, the most similar they get. 

neutral Beautifully put together, it opens with caramel and musk. Flowery notes come in after. This fragrance is /strong/. But it's a little bit of an acquired taste, and not for me. It's all at once too sweet for me, while also not leathery enough. 
neutral I'm told that what I'm smelling here is a recent EdP. 

Shalimar is usually instantly recognizable; a cavalcade of notes that somehow manage to synchronize perfectly. But versions of this scent tend to vary quite a bit, and in this particular one there’s a medicinal, metallic effect that cuts through the standard citrus to meet with a powdery vanilla, producing what I'd describe as redolent of effervescent candy. It reminds me a little bit of sherbet lemons—the same candied sweetness that walks a fine line between sour and sugary, only here the sour notes are rendered in a more industrial, disinfectant style.

What’s strange about this version, though, is that it doesn’t bear much of a connection to the Shalimar that I’m more familiar with—that civet-y, marzipan-style scent that’s top loaded with crisp citrus notes. This version is gaunt by comparison, and seems to veer more towards clinical sterility than confection. I don’t dislike it (I actually don’t like Shalimar very much, so this might even be a step-up for me), but I’m not entirely clear what its aiming for or how this version wandered so far away from the original fragrance.
positive Ah, the ur-Oriental. Sitting down to write a review of Shalimar kind of feels like looking up at the top of Mount Everest and wondering how the hell even to begin the ascent. It seems to cover (in one single bottle) a lot of the themes and notes people go looking for in separate perfumes - you want vanilla, it's the textbook example, you want smoke and incense, well you got that too, you want amber, it is the mother of all modern ambers, you want animalics and leather, ditto. If you also happen to be the type of person who is interested in freaky notes, like baby diaper, burning tires, tar, and slightly rancid butter, then, why yes, Shalimar also has you covered.

It's not an easy perfume to love right off the bat. Don't get me wrong, Shalimar is easy to love, but the actual falling in love bit is not immediate. It took me ten days of wearing it before I could even tolerate it, let alone love it, but I got there and in end, it clicked for me, and that was it. Pure love. The everlasting kind. Whenever I see someone saying, oh I just don't get Shalimar, or oh Shalimar hates my skin, you know what I am thinking? You're just not trying hard enough. Put your back into it. If you can't commit a week or ten days out of your life to understanding Shalimar, then not only are you cheating yourself out of experiencing one of the best perfumes ever made, you are also missing the opportunity to "get" most orientals that came after Shalimar. 

For, once you unlock Shalimar, you start to see that Serge Lutens' Ambre Sultan is just a snapshot of a portion of Shalimar (principally the amber and herbes de provence) blown up 150% and turned sideways. Etro's Shaal Nur is an abbreviated essay on the incense and opoponax in Shalimar. Mono di Orio's excellent Vanille is a modern take on the woodsy vanilla of Shalimar. You can spot echoes of Shalimar in Chypre Palatin (vanilla and animalics), Fate Woman (bergamot and powder) and Bulgari Black (vanilla, rubber, smoke). Whether perfumers are aware of it or not, most of today's grand orientals refer at least in part back to the ur-Mother Oriental herself.

Forgive my wittering on. For all of that, Shalimar smells absolutely wonderful, grand, lush, smoky, sexy, comforting, and warm. The opening, as I've mentioned, is jarring to the nth degree, especially if you're not used to it. I don't know whether it's the particularly stinky grade of Bergamot that Guerlain use, or the way it clashes with the vanilla, but the top notes smell curdled and rancid, like when you pour lemonade into cream. The vanilla itself smells tarry and burned, like rubber tires piled high and set on fire. Somehow, somewhere underneath all of that, there appears a slightly horrifying note of soiled diapers, or at least baby powder that has been caked into the creases of a baby's bottom. It smells sort of unclean, and is pungent enough to singe your nose hairs off. 

Here's the odd thing - after you get used to Shalimar, you start to actively crave the weird opening. When you begin to go "Mmmmmmm" rather than holding your breath, this is a sign that you've crossed the line. Welcome! It's like a Shibboleth for hard-core fans of Shalimar -  we're all over here at the other side of the line, and everyone else is pressing their noses to the glass, shaking their heads and saying, "I think you have Stockholm Syndrome" 

After the "horrific" first half hour (for which you may want to refrain from sniffing your wrists if you are smelling it for the first time), it is an easy ride from there on in. Sweet, smoky vanilla poured on top of a long, golden, powdery amber, with accents of leather, smoking resins, and animalic musks. It has this neat trick of smelling comforting/familiar and yet ultra-sexual at the same time. It lasts all day and, in my humble opinion, is just fantastic in whatever concentration and vintage you wear. Yes, the vintage parfum is the deepest and smokiest, but we can't always be wearing that (for reasons of finances as well as time and place), so it's good to know that Shalimar is still recognizably the same Shalimar in the weakest EDC as it is in the parfum - thinner, yes, but still, you wouldn't mistake her for anybody else. For me, it is true love, and a top five perfume forever. It is like my second skin.  
positive Rich, somptuous, baroque chypre masterpiece. There's pretty everything in it, a comprehensive symphony or perfumery basics. Splendid talcum-powdered drydown, gentle as a lady asleep. Not much to chat about this!

10/10
positive Love the history.....love Guerlain....don't love or even like Shalimar.  Instead of smelling sultry and seductive, I smell like an old ashtray.  The smoky notes just overwhelm on me.  
positive As many others have already said, shalimar is a classic, perhaps the most classic of them all, and equaly a work od a genius perfumer. For me is smells more msculine than feminine, what is no surprise after Prada pour Homme Intense, Eau Sauvage Parfum, Burberry Brti for Men, Tom ford noir and many scents in the same oriental veil. Shalimar seems a blueprint for so many scents we all know and that's why I cannot perceive Shalimar as dated, old fashion and even less, praise God, old lady-grandma-ish. No need to go through the notes, it has been done very well indeed by some Basenoters. I just think everybody really keen on fragrances should try Shalimar. It is beautiful, it is an art form, it is perfection. I feel very fortunate to own an EDP bottle of this relic and yet so present, uptodate scent that is Guerlain Shalimar.
positive Shalimar is a scent I'd been avoiding. Somehow, it had 'old lady' tones in my mind.  However, I've been progressing in my journey, I've discarded the idea that a scent fits with a particular age group.  Yes, some scents are classic and have been worn for many years by people and so you may know an older woman whose been wearing Shalimar for 5 decades, however, that doesn't define the character of the scent.

In the case of Shalimar, it's been around for so long because it is that good.  I've been wearing the current EDT with great pleasure.  It's a scent that envelopes me like a fur coat, in fact, a bit like fur that remains on the leather which has been sueded and worn soft.  This scent is warm, familiar and full of smooth vanilla laden leather.    I recently acquired a bottle of the vintage EdC and find that it is creamier still.  It's got the typical feel of Guerlain, a powdery feel, but I don't feel like that is as strong as in some of the Guerlains, it is more creamy than powdery to my nose.

This is a wonderful scent for most any occasion, though I suspect it will perform less well in a hot and humid climate.  It is a powerful scent to my nose, not something that the wall-flower would want and I believe a man could easily wear it as well.
positive Typical example of a fragrance that you need to let grow on you before you can fully appreciate it! Fist time I tried this... a very strong, very dirty, almost bitter vanillic leather aroma hit me and I found it quite pungent and almost overbearing. But after a few days, and other applications... I really had to agree with everyone here in that this is quite an elegantly made, beautifully blended, sophisticated fragrance, and I can see why many call this a masterpiece. There is not much more to add to what others have said, but I would say to first time users please give it a few tries on your skin and leave it the time it needs to fully appreciate it. Trust me, if you do this you will be rewarded, but be patient and you will see why so many people call this a masterpiece.
positive Superbto be honest, I buy Shalimar only for the gorgeous bottle at first. I dont sniff it, just get this pretty flacon. how bad Guerlain could be?real badass. the opening is not my favourite part (at fact, the least. its rather offensive), but the rest, especially the dry down is something to die for. the vanilla and incense is really prominent (but the seller said, "its woody spicy". never trust a seller women. especially when they already tried to sell a BOSS Bottled) usually I detest vetiver, but on this one its controlled beautifully, ended with strong Vanilla that just perfect. it have strong projection and stays for really long time. the bad side is, like most Guerlain is on the banal opening. if you survived the first minutes, a very beautiful scent awaits you Pros: projection, longevityCons: opening"
positive It really has grown on methe other sitting in a meting I was distracted by a whiff of the most delicious perfume, I surreptitiously sniffed the people within distance and none of them had warm woody tones with a hint of spice. As my head dropped to my chest to retrieve my pad I realized to my surprise that it was me. I would never have guessed applying Shalimar in the morning inhaling the burst of powdery vanilla and rather sweet fruit that what would remain through the day would be be a lovely spicy base with a hint of rose. I love the combination of sandalwood patchouli and jasmine and rose, though some notes are fainter than others. I wear it because of what it becomes and for how long it lasts, if I could change it I would add more strong green patchouli and maybe a hint more of rose.Pros: it gets better as the day wears onCons: first whiff is deadly sweet"
positive Great in bottle, less so on skinMy bottle of vintage Shalimar arrived today and when I removed the stopper, an absolutely heavenly and complex aroma of florals and woods and citrus filled my nose.  Yet when I put it on, I smelled ... well, like an old lady.  Just because I AM one doesn't mean I have to smell like it!  I'll try it again, but so far I'm not sure I'll be wearing this grande dame, happy though I am to own her.Pros: LuxuriousCons: A familiar scent to many"
positive Shalimar eau de parfum reformulationAfter finding out that my idol Lady Miss Kier of Deee-Lite wore Guerlain's Shalimar I immediatly bought a bottle I was just 14 back then in 1993.it was a gorgeous warm powdery kind of a heavy perfume I loved the vanilla and the exotique feel of it, it became my signature perfume for quite some time. Now 20 years later I bought a bottle of eau de parfum and i still like it but i do smell that it is not what it used to be I've been reading up on some reviews here on Basenotes and at Bois de jasmin's blog finding out it was reformulated i still like it but thers something missing.the reformulation seems to be milder and doesnt stay with me aslong as the 1990's Shalimar I once knew did.I love Guerlain for its history and perfume know how and tradition its my  favorite house but i feel robbed.It is still gorgeous and really really beautifull but this is not the old Shalimar I knew
positive Pour Homme	Shalimar is a perfume associated mostly with women from an older generation, so as a young man, 20 years of age, I perhaps can offer a more unique perspective of one of the jewels of the House of Guerlain. 	Let's quickly look at the key notes found in Shalimar:	Top: Mandarin orange, Cedar, Bergamot, Lemon	Heart: Iris, Patchouli, Jasmine, Vetiver, Rose	Base: Leather (?), Sandalwood, Opoponax, Musk, Civet or Civetone (?), Vanilla, Tonka bean 	First off, you might be sick of hearing this, but, like all Guerlain perfumes, Shalimar is a deeply personal thing. This is because Shalimar is definitely not your typical woody/oriental perfume. A quick glance at the notes makes this more obvious. Cedar, typically a heart or base note, is used as a top note, and this gives a distinctive woodiness right off the bat.  Vetiver and patchouli, which are now typically used as base notes. These help to cut the citrusy scents of the top notes and brings a bit of balance and, more importantly, complexity into the perfume. In the base notes, civet or civetone (the synthetic alternative to the natural ingredient, now banned for ethical reasons) brings a strong animalistic scent to the perfume. 	Next, my initial introduction to Shalimar was when my grandmother used it. To me, it was the epitome of sensuality and luxury. It has amazing projection and longevity, and merely a few drops of the perfume would last the rest of the day. 	Finally, I am using Shalimar because it works well on me. For reasons unknown to me, when Shalimar touches my skin, the top notes go off quite quickly, only lingering as time passes. In contrast, the musky and powdery base notes project very well, with the dominate notes being vanilla and tonka bean. This leaves a powdery and, almost, creme brulee-ish scent on me.Pros: Excellent projection and longevity, legendary scents, top grade ingredientsCons: Varies greatly with personal tastes and body chemistries"
positive A warm temple of mysterious love in a bottle...As a perfume hobbyist, some iconic scents of ladies department also come into my collection. And as expected, Shalimar ranked as top priority on my purchase list.So, as I recalled the first time I sprayed Shalimar, my immediate reaction was: wow, it's indeed warm and sensual. The aroma was so complex so should you want to give a try--you should try this one with caution.Yes, not every chick can wear this, even for some first-timers this would definitely too much too handle. A possible headache or confusion (due to trying to identify the notes LOL) may result.The longevity is truly outstanding, tested on my wrist and it lasted 8 hours and more. After a warm spicy mixture of scents decorated the earlier stage, a slight jasmine followed shortly but not too powerful. As it dried down vanilla note appeared and lasted, clear and sweet.Mysterious, as I remembered this one. Just like its name, Shalimar best translated as a warm temple of mysterious love. So, undisputedly this one suitable and enjoyable only for a more mature women not for teens.Even though I still have no idea if my wife (Estee Lauder Pleasures Exotic, Kenzo Flower, Hermes Un Jardin Sur Le Nil) or my mom (YSL Rive Gauche for women, Thierry Mugler Angel) would love to wear this or not. My overall scoring was 8/10.Pros: Warm & heartfelted scent, great longevityCons: Complex aroma on immediate spray not suitable for younger users, standard bottle & packaging
positive Love this perfume	Shalimar is my go to perfume for every occasion.  It's classic.
positive Try with caution: not everyone can wear this, on some it will make me feel queezy and give me an instant headache!

I just bought a bottle of the cologne being a bit shy to try a stronger concentration and I am absolutely loving this!  The lasting power of the cologne is truly impressive it wears on way beyond what I imagined, a good 8 hours.  In the dry down I love the burnt creamy vanilla that appears, smells like heaven.  Love this but may not wear to work!  Sexy, vampy and mysterious is the name of the game here not cookie cutter scent of the week.
positive Hmmm... Shalimar. Ladies smell so nice when they wear it. This is a scent that can bring about many memories. I can recall being a young teenager and being completely intoxicated by a friend's mom's perfume. This stuff MADE her a "hot mom". I remember the bottle...

I bought some for my girlfriend. She's in the roller derby, and I was looking for something that would go well with her sport. We've gone through many sweet, fruity, herbal, and sporty scents... tried a few Etat Libre d'Orange, and a couple of samples of various Tom Ford. I settled on trying out the Shalimar because of its longevity (not while wearing... I mean in the sense that it's been around since the 20s), its attractiveness, and the way it can match up with a sport like roller derby: It's dark, dangerous, sexy, and packs a punch, but can keep its wits about about it in social situations.

Shalimar comes in with the lemony top note, but does not last long. This dries down into something smoky and subtle, seductive. To me, it gets my mind racing on things like sex, making out, etc. The woman who wears this should wear in confidence that your man will notice.

I don't know what the formula was like in the 20s, but I would love to find out. Buy yourself an extrait or at least the EDP. Any other "strength" and you'll not get the full idea of what this scent is supposed to be.
I would even wear this myself if I paired it up with something Versace Baby Blue Jeans or put the smack down on it with Amouage Ciel Man.
This one's a sultry winner, ladies.

(update) I have been wearing this myself lately. I am really enjoying it. The extrait is the way to go... 
Guys, this smells good and I would recommend trying it. I know it's for ladies, but this can and WILL be quite masculine when worn by a guy... period. It smells nice, and you will get compliments... it seems that this is more unisex than anything else....
positive First try of Shalimar...

...there it sat on my skin. The flagship of Guerlain. The first spritz is very lemony of course, but you also get a sniff of cedar which reminds a bit of church pews and old fur coats. I knew at the first whisp this was a great Old World Perfume. A legend. History. 
The hesperidics are quite elusive and the scent changes remarkably into smoky vanilla. I don't get that much flowers. The smokiness makes me think of a Walpurgis Night bonfire. Shalimar has an aura of wisdom, of a significant other. It's one of the few perfumes that really make my mind wander. True dramatic beauty. 
Who knows what the vintage version was like, but even the reformulation is aweinspiring. Luca Turin said, Shalimar makes 80% of todays fragrances appear trivial.
Of course I now own a bottle. And what a timeless beauty that bottle is, don't you think? When did blue and yellow ever look that good together?

I'd dare say: Greatest perfume of all times! Too special for me to wear it every day, but good to know I have it!
positive I give this 5 Stars b/c I appreciate it.  It is one of the best loved fragrances of all time.  Having said that, I don't usually like women's Orientals.  This one is softened by the vanilla,Tonka and a light use of Bergamot.  The heart notes are all floral, soft florals. This has a gourmand tone to it. 
positive Just opened my bottle of Shalimar Pure Parfum and applied a few dabs...omg it is so sensual and beautiful and warm; heady and intoxicating---so luxurious. Wow!

Love it!


positive This was my second ever "grown up" perfume that my boyfriend bought for me
in 1973 and nearly 40years down the line I think I have grown into it.
I felt very sophisticated wearing it in my 20's but felt it was maybe too old for me
because of it's heaviness. However I have always loved the sensual smell and  always will, so do the men around me...as I have had many compliments on my 
perfume whilst wearing this,mainly from the older man !! 
positive What can one say about Shalimar that hasn't been said one million times?

Go buy yourself a bottle of the extrait.

Apply to your wrist.

Sit back, inhale deeply, and be transported to another universe.

And for the record, the extrait formulation is eminently suitable for use as a masculine - there is nothing even remotely girly about the dark-colored juice in the gorgeous crystal bottle, gentlemen.  
positive I recently purchased two vintage bottles of this and listed one on Etsy.  Today, I opened the second bottle and OH MY GOSH!  It is so very beautiful.  I quickly decided that could never be without this beautiful scent and took down the Etsy listing.  Who knows if I shall ever find the vintage EDT again?  I am totally in love.  
positive goes down heavy but results irritating to my neck skin, great scent anyway!
positive Chanel No. 5 ? 

Fugedaboutit. That powdery senior scent is as out of place these days as Guerlains Vetiver. 

This is what I imagined a timeless classic would smell like. Dark, vanilla, hints of oriental and side of civet for some carnal verve. Drydown is a creamy vanilla. 


positive I absolutely love it. It's the classic par excellence, way better than Chanel 5, a must have for anyone who loves perfumes.

And yet -- and this is a big YET -- it changes dramatically from bottle to skin. This can be for better or worse. On my mother and on some of my friends it smells great, and becomes the perfect fragrance for an elegant night out; on my skin, unfortunately, it gets flat, old, tired.

I am more sorry about this than I can say.

Still, every now and then, I spray it on my pillows and go to sleep thinking about some wonderful place in a faraway land.
positive The most perfect fume! I wore nothing else in my twenties before I was really able to understand, then I discarded it totally in favour of citrus scents in my early thirties, only to come back to it now, to rediscover it perfectly and completely. So much so that I now have edt (for bedtime), edp and vintage edp and parfum concentrations, im a Shalimar maniac! It's hypnotising and all encompassing - I have a lot of perfumes, and yet now I've rediscovered SHalimar I'm having a hard time wearing anything else. It feels like I'm cheating! I love Shalimar and I can believe I neglected her for so long. It's an incredible fragrance, from the Bergamot sharp opening to the nest like Opoponax tonka vanilla drydown. Genius.xxx

negative I've tried to enjoy Shalimar for its smell.  And its history.  And its importance.  And its benchmark status.  But no.  I'm afraid I think Shalimar smells gross.  That's not to say it isn't important and possibly a great perfume.  But I still think it smells gross.

Lately, I've been sampling the EDT, which is heavy on the baby powder and talc, fuzzy with lavender and a weird plasticky musk that smells like a diaper, as well as a realistic musk that smells like baby poo.  And there's vanilla, too.

I prefer the EDT because it focuses on the powdery aspects, letting the poopy diaper fade into a powdery spiced vanilla, which is the smell for most of the day.  

I've also tried the extrait, which highlights the poopy diaper musks and is just terrifying.

Oh well, I've given Shalimar MANY chances, and I get why people love it, but I just don't want to walk around smelling like a poopy diaper sprinkled with vanilla and cinnamon in a cloud of baby powder.  Maybe I'm losing snob points, but I'm fine with that...
negative Oh Dear Lord, Smells like FLY Spray :(after reading the background to this Fragrance and that of the good reviews I decided to try some of this on to check to see if was all that of the hype some people give this Fragrance. I was looking to give it to my Daughter for Christmas if it was good. I had imagined myself telling my daughter about the story behind the fragrance etc too but when I sprayed this on my arm, oh dear lord.. I nearly fainted... they didn't have any of the EDP so I used the EDT... my MRS didn't like it either, she thought it was horrible... it smelt like fly spray.. non the less, it was now on me so I watched if throughout the afternoon and into the evening.. it powdered down a lot better after an hour but still with that faint smell of fly spray in with the powder... it lasted very well, 8 hrs +... but hell, would you want it on you for that long? very disappointed :(Pros: dries down nicer than original burstCons: Smells like Fly Spray"
negative Disgusting and intrusive. 
negative I'm definitely in the minority here but I don't like this fragrance.  When Shalimar is mentioned I hear perfect, classic, wonderful.  When I try it all I get is vanilla, plastic, and dead cat.  What am I doing wrong, folks?  

neutral On good days, this smells like vanilla-flavored smoke and leather. On bad days, it smells like bug spray. 

That said, I'll always have a bottle with me, because there's a disturbing beauty to it, and as an oriental, it smells so completely different from any of the edible, dessert-like fragrances being classed in the same category today. (Not that I don't enjoy those.)

I can't say why but to me, Shalimar smells like it contains a tarry leather note. There's a deliberate "dirtiness" to it that makes it more raunchy than romantic, and I definitely need to be in the right mood to enjoy it.
positive There's nothing special when I tried Shalimar for the first time. It was the new version (EDP) that I tried at the local shop. From all the praise that I read here... I only got a burst of citrus note and sweet vanilla. A big disappointment for me...


I'm still curious for this "historical" SHALIMAR, so I tried to find the vintage one to erase my curiosity forever. I bought 1 bottle of Shalimar (PDT/75ml) at the flea market. I tried it at home, 2 sprays on my left arm and miracle happens...


I cannot explain the excitement I feel when I smell this beauty. It's like you've just drink a 100 years old wine when previously you only drink a grape juice.
positive If you looked in a dictionary under P for perfume there should be a big picture of Shalimar.  While some would argue that Chanel No 5 deserves that spot, to me Shalimar IS perfume, the highest expression of the perfumer's art. 

 Some people think of this as an "old lady scent" but don't forget, those old ladies were young once and it smelled as good on them then as it does now.  It works on a grandmother and on a nubile young 18 year old and at every age in between.  The story, the legacy, the packaging and advertising are all magnificent (that bottle!  The original is perfect) but what about the scent?  Well, it is gourmand without being too foodie, seductive yet still ladylike, rich and oriental but fresh at the same time.  I LOVE smelling this on a woman! The bergamot is perfectly done and paves the way for the iris and opoponax which is supported by the most beautiful vanilla ever--as only Guerlain can do.  This defines the Guerlainade note for me.   There is a smoky animalic note in there but it never forgets its manners, even if pushes the limits a bit.  

Please, women of the world, wear this more often!  In extrait if possible but all delivery systems for Shalimar are great--cologne, E de T, lotion, powder, etc.

I can well see why Guerlain paid homage to this when they gave us Habit Rouge and thank goodness they did, but for me, Shalimar is the mothership and a great perfume whose light  I hope never fades.      
positive SHALIMAR – Guerlain – 1925	[classic oriental]

This is the classic oriental, one of my favorites (Yves St. Laurent’s OPIUM and Boucheron’s JAIPUR HOMME are my top favorite orientals).  This is a warm, vanilla rich oriental, the very first of its type, and still the very best. Both men and women swoon when you wear it.

Top Notes: Bergamot, Lemon, Hesperides
Middle Notes: Jasmine, Iris, Rose, Patchouli, Vetiver
Base Notes: Vanilla, Frankincense, Opopanox, Sandalwood, Musk, Civet, Ambergis, Coumarin

positive Now I know why Shalimar is all over this site. What a wonderful fragrance! I seem to have an older version, the bottle is different than pictured, but it is lovely. Not too powdery for me, soft and sensual, a real classic. Still not better than Knowing on me, but I'll definitely keep it in stock.
positive This is my first review of a truly great perfume.  I don't think I've been qualified to write anything about a perfume as complex and perfectly composed as Shalimar.

I recently experienced for the first time the 1967+ vintage Shalimar extrait/parfum, in the  black and white zigzag box, with the purple flocked inner box adorned with the fabled gold Marly horse design inside the lid.  Its ferocious beauty has emboldened me to try to do it justice.  I compare it to the blue-boxed current parfum.  That is the only other formulation I know well.  Here goes ...

It opens with a beautifully radiant bergamot note.  That soon recedes into a chorus that is dark, smoky, sweet and animalic.  It's complexly organic, not just animalic in the "check-the-box", "yeah, it's in there" synthetic aromachemical sense.  It builds to a sharp, nose-singing kerosene bite.  It literally burns a bit when sniffed close to the skin.

It is intense, and utterly captivating. It goes in through the nose, passes through the brain, down the spine, and grabs you by the core.  Nothing else I've smelled has such a visceral effect.  People say that vintage Shalimar makes them feel weak in the knees, or feel faint.  You think this must be hyperbole.  It's not.  If any perfume has the power to incapacitate, it is this vintage of Shalimar in its opening movement.  The current version has much the same character, but is much less intense - not in potency or projection - in depth, darkness, and complexity.    The opening is the best part.

After that, the heart is still gorgeous, but it loses that raw gut-wrenching power.  It is much more floral -  rounder and sexier that the current parfum.  More feminine, most would say.  I don't care, though. It's too good for that to matter.  I think I smell jasmine, rose, and iris - I'm not sure, as I'm not great at separating out notes.  I'm sure there's much more than those three anyway.  It's very natural and complex to my nose. I would guess that these were still all natural florals in this vintage.  I don't know if the current parfum still has any, but there's a big difference, I think.  Resorting to an analogy, I'll say that the vintage is like an oil painting, where the current is like a pixelated digital image.  The current is very angular and sort of represents the idea of the floral elements, where the vintage feels ... real!  The heart is where the vintage and current differ the most in character.

The drydown is all smoky vanilla and sweet resins, overlaid with the fading light of the heart.  By the time the florals are gone, it is very similar to the current version.  That makes sense, as I don't think any of the base components are restricted, scarce, or particularly expensive.  It's deliciously edible by this point.  One of the nicest drydowns in all of perfumedom.

This is the best perfume I've ever known.

If I'm going to rate it, I'll say that on a scale of 1 to 10, this one goes to 11.  I have to do something to stand it apart from all of the other 10s.

11/10
positive One of the major fragrances that smells completely different on my skin as opposed to paper is Shalimar. 

On paper I get the big blast. A fistful of powdery sensuality anchored with high pitched lemon, dense beany vanilla and bergamot. I'm immediately transported. The after effects are a pleasant dry vanilla with that herbal lavender colored velour that all Guerlains seem to contain. It whispers oriental rather than sings it. 

However, on my skin I get a different world inhabited mostly by powdered vanilla. I can't get the citrus. The fade is very fast. An hour after application I have nothing but a barely noticeable hint of sweet baby powder. Why is that? No clue. Whatever it is, it's something in me. The paper sample smells rich roughly 3 hours after application. 

I will say that even with my poor chemistry, I still love Shalimar. Never mind that I likely can't wear it. It's so calm and frothy. I love its dainty chantilly creme' in contrast to the fatty pate' of other orientals. It's no wonder this was Rita Hayworths favorite perfume. It's feminine and sensitive, but at the same time bold, plump, vampish. 

The batch I smelled was the latest in the newly redesigned black ribbon bottle. I recall a few years ago smelling the classic tassled bottle and noting a distinct bitterness that turned me off. Maybe a louder bergamot in the old batch? 
positive I adore Shalimar! I think my favourite versions are from the '80's and '90's and I seek them out on eBay as they seem deeper, more complex and longer-lasting too. I always go back to Shalimar and I know I always will. 
positive Indisputably beautiful. Shalimar doesn't merely sit upon your skin and project its essence like most parfums; it melts into you, combining with you, and projects your essence. Hypnotic and wonderful. Breathtaking every single time.
positive I saw the reviews, and I decided to get a bottle from the local shop.  Yes, I am a man, and I wear Shalimar...and I like it.  It reminds me of 4711 meets Number Six meets Florida Water.  Good and citrusy, sweet, and just plain nice.  Not getting anything flowery from my wrist, sorry.  But nice, sweet, and relaxing.
positive On first whiff I smelt liquorice and incense which must have been the bergamot! It then fades into a powdery sweet vanilla. The iris in it is lovely. It's very sexy and feminine, definitely not a day perfume. 
positive Skin but better. The scent my son used to spray on his pillow when I was on nights to make him feel safe. Again  Basenotes reminds me to add an old favourite to my wardrobe
positive The first whiff on my skin made me think Old Library Books, not really enticing or sexy, but curious enough.
After thirty minutes, the top notes wore off, which were not fresh, but the opposite of fresh, the fragrance remaining was pleasantly strange, unusual and really authentic, like it was part of me.  The heart and base notes were mingling and lasting for several hours, four or five, and they were fascinating and mysterious, not so bright. Comfortable shadowy scent.  Something a bit rare and excellent here.  
positive I got a sample of this from Escentual, and have given myself a hefty dose. I'm not a fan of bergamot, something I've only discovered since joining Basenotes, and luckily, that note disappeared fairly quickly, although it was not as unpleasant as some I've encountered. I would love to have smelled the original formulation way back in the mists of time, however I'm content enough with the current blend, and not suffering any of that angst, so many Basenoters feel about the reformulations of fragrances. (I do however have a particular angry feeling about Lanvin's Arpege i got in the 80's and the reformulated article somewhere around 2006)

I'm breathing in a powdery aroma, and having read some of the reviews, people seem to associate powdery with old ladies, whereas i associate it with babies and youth. It doesn't seem at all "old People home" to me, and its uplifting for me,  in the powdery stage. The sillage of this one, seems to carry the powdery notes, and i expect people will smell that around me, until i shove my neck rudely in their faces, and demand they comment on this new scent I'm trying.

But where i love it most, is the nose-to-skin smell where i get an animalistic emanation, and the iris and opopanax are readily apparent, someone also mentioned an incense-y kind of aura, and I'm feeling that as well. Now, also the vanilla is waving hello to me, shyly, coyly popping its sweet little head up and saying "Hey, I'm here too!!"

 I never tried it before because the name puts me off, i don't like it at all, however, contempt prior to investigation has deprived me of something i may well choose to be my signature fragrance. I am actually going up to my mother's house to "appropriate" one of her 2 bottles of this. 

It's lovely, and i shalll be resting my nose somewhere down my cleavage, with eyes closed, breathing in this classic fragrance whilst watching Tv tonight. Thanks Guerlain
positive Just incredible. I'm wearing it right now.

The Shalimar ad says it so well in the tag line,  "As close to forever as a perfume can go." 

The classic amber, complete with a colorful lineage.

Everyone should do themselves a favor and  at least sample it.
positive   I'm beginning to learn that many perfumes come out smelling somewhat different on me depending on where I spray them (seriously.) When I apply this fragrance to my wrist, at first all I get is the really strong animal musk/civet smell, which I find almost a bit too much to deal with. When I apply it farther up my arm it's all lovely, soft powdery notes which are really nice and pleasant. Now that the fragrance is drying down a bit on my wrist though, I'm finding that it's turning mostly into vanilla and soft, sweet powdery notes too. I'm not sure if what I'm trying is the original or a reformulation. I suspect it's probably a modern reformulation because the sample didn't cost very much, and it smells too much like a vanilla fragrance to be the original (I think.) 
  The fragrance just changed on me again, and now I'm getting a strong impression of incense. 
  Shalimar is a really nice, unique fragrance and I definitely like it and would recommend it highly, but I doubt I would wear it very often. It's a scent that definitely comes across as a sexy evening fragrance to me. I think it might be a bit much for everyday wear. Definitely a great classic perfume though!
positive After all tese magnificent reviews, I was wondering if i should write something. Well...here...about perfume of all time. Most perfume created by real nose, remains as perfume for all times. I thik that, perfumery industry turned to FMCG as well by intoducing serials of new parfumes with new molecules and formulas and no real concept or idea, but the tought of earning. Perfumes were always art, so I am wondering why they were turned to this? Perfumes are sensed by the eldest part of the brain: rhinencephalon and only truly freeminded  and sensitive people can develop good composition.
I am sorry for this huge intoduction, but I wanted to express my opinion on the difference of the "old" perfumists who was creating their perfumes with heart and soul, and new trendy FMCG perfumes.
My flirt with this perfume dates back to 1995. I tried it again, but unfortunately during the summer, when some strange notes developed on my skin. Fortunately, I had a decant with me and tried it again. What to say...perfection made back in 1925.
It opens with lovely citrus notes wich represent the intoduction  to the most beautiful powder I ever sensed. Everything is perfectly done with right measure: sweetnes, citruses, woody and balsamic notes.
It would be nice if manufacturers does not forget that perfumes are like painting,  like music, that someone have to give to them their soul...othewise they would fall into oblivion.
Shalimar has heart and soul, which provided it with eternety in the perfumery world.
positive Love at second sniff - the first was, "Yargh! Old lady!", but wait....try it again....heaven. Smoky, vanillic, a spicy concoction that wafts about the wearer's being like a haunting mist that shifts and blends with the body's chemistry to create something altogether personal. Genius blending and, to me, pure alchemy. Beautiful.
positive Every word alfarom used to describe this is spot on. I am realllly trying to love it, but I get the same animalic note that I get in fragrances using the word civet. Now, I am a total newbie to fragrances of this magnitude and started my niche collection about two days ago, but it seems that all I am getting is that civet smell. My wrist literally is emitting wet animal derriere.  Because I understand that these things take time and this is only my first wrist spritz, I am gonna at least wait to finish the generous sample given to me by my local sephora, but I hope and pray that it morphs into something more pleasurable because like I said I really want this one to work...it's a LEGEND!!! So, I am giving it a thumbs up in honor of it's legacy, and because all of those other thumbs up's cannot be wrong ( whether it works for me or not ). I will just have to wait and see and post an update.
positive We can easily say that the house of Guerlain is french perfumery personified and, possibly, Shalimar is among its most successful and legendary creations. If you  smell it for the first time you immediatley notice its outstanding quality and complexity. Wether you'll like it or not this is, by any means, an outstanding fragrance and one of those perfumes you encounter every once in a 100 years.

An huge amber/vanilla driven composition that is particularly remarkable for its kaleidoscopic aspects. Animalic and smoky, oriental and penetrating, delightfully sweet, mysterious, intriguing....simply immense.

If you happen to wonder if "objectivity" is appliable to perfumes you should try Shalimar as it's one of the most successfull examples of how a good fragrance can go beyond genres and even personal taste.
positive We all have our classics that are nothing like we remember from back in the day.  ('I used to wear [insert classic] until they RUINED it!)  I tend to get more wistful than angry over this (Odalisque.)  But just as I've sat to write about Shalimar I've found another reaction, which is to notice and then not particularly to care.  I'm on a plane right now and passing through duty-free earlier spotted Chanel Antaeus, my first fragrance, my only signature fragrance, the one I wore exclusively in my junior and senior years of high school (81-82) and then intermittently for years.  My first thought on sniffing it was 'this is quite literally nothing like what I used to wear.'  My next thought was, 'Oh, look!  They've got  No 19 EDP!' and I went and spritzed.  

The upside of digital perfume communities is the sharing of experiences.  I have learned so much reading Basenotes reviews and threads---had more laughs, more ah ha! moments than I can count.  The downside, though, is that a perfume hobby seems to engender a nostalgia/anger about how things used to be.  There's that sense that contemporary perfumery has taken something intrinsic away from us.  Our response is often a fetish for distinction and provenance, and of course the ensuing butt-sniffing and pack hierarchy.  You know: 'I'm sure you THINK you love your current Mitsouko EDT, but you'll never truly know her until you've smelled my 1967 extrait.'  I'm as guilty as the next person.  

But Shalimar unexpectedly elicits in me an attitude I've tried to foster.  Things do change.  But I just love perfume and find immense joy in it.  Call me common, call me simple, but I currently wear the most recent Shalimar EDT and love it.  It just makes me tail-waggingly happy to smell it.  Citrus, growl, smoke, scratchy amber & vanilla, opopanax, a sly incense.  I'm sure it's not the parfum from 1925, but then again I'm not a 20s flapper.  How wonderful that that era had its Shalimar.  But they didn't have our Bois de Violette, my Insense, my Secretions Magnifiques.  This is no pollyanna desperate optimism, no deflection of resentment.  We live in a spectacular era of perfume.  

My 2010 Shalimar tells me to screw the iconography and embrace the perfume.  It also makes me imagine the fun of watching the apoplexy of the current generation of young perfumistas going as shrill as we have over the resctrictions on our beloved oakmoss.  Imagine the heel-clacking and outrage among the Angel set when ethylmaltol, identified as the causative agent in the future medical diagnosis of Acquired Intolerance Syndrome, is outlawed.  
positive Shalimar has taken me on a very strange journey which I hated at first because its scent was so alien to me that I did not know what to make of it. It reminded me of an antique powder puff left behind by some silver screen diva.

I persisted  with the ODP because, despite my initial reaction, I had also detected something totally irresistible and unique, which set it  aside from every other perfume I have worn.

Shalimar was created at a time where scents where elitist, assertive and owned by few; it is so removed from the 21st century that wearing is like immersing your self in to a time between the wars where everything seemed possible.

Like all masterpieces, you will not get it straight away and you will have persevere and open your mind to it. But once you do Shalimar becomes a magnificent addiction.
positive It is not difficult to see why Shalimar has stood the test of time.

Shalimar is still unique after all these years. Such a beautifully done fragrance, composed with careful consideration and oozing sophistication and elegance.

This fragrance is a warm, smokey and slightly spicy vanilla scent, with all the right qualities to make this sensual fragrance irresistible. 

The opening is a wonderfully obscure citrus blend complimented by cedar. This combination surprisingly works. The top notes are strong but not overly so.

The heart of this fragrance is where the magic begins. On my skin I get a warm, somewhat leathery and spicy blend of floral notes. At first this scent reminded me of calamine lotion. Thank goodness that I like that medicinal type smell. Later I got something that smelt like a mixture of cigar smoke, powdery incense and fragrant woods.

I love that Shalimar continues to change and surprise me. I love that this fragrance is so unpredictable. Guerlain has certainly outdone themselves with this masterpiece.


positive Pillar of classicism and one of the most refined, luxuriant, elusive and sophisticated fragrances of all time. Smooth, at opening luxuriously hesperidic, barely tobacco veined and talky this is the fragrance that inspired the creation of the earthy decadent Habit Rouge, yet the "Shalimar au masculin". The extreme sophistication of the juice is enhanced by its floral heart "populated" by the most sumptuous flowers as jasmine, rose and iris in order to enrich the balsams of the base after a first citrusy voluptuous traditional blast. Rose and iris are prominent and the first of two is linked to talky elements in order to provide a touch of ethereal delicacy while the further floral patterns are more pungent and angular in order to "complicate" the shadowy wake on the side of a detectable note of classic patchouli . The citrus are almost aggressive at the beginning as well as those are strong in Habit Rouge and the link with the bunch of flowers and patchouli produces an extremely elegant, classic, aristocratic and bold impact. The opoponax presence in the middle helps to understate soon the initial harsh impact of citrus in order to prepare a gradual transition towards the resinous final smootness. Some time later the angular citrus and floral elements start infact to drown in a sink of resins and balsams as vanilla, Perù balsams and gray amber that remain all dry and powdery being just at the beginning of the development barely resinous. A touch of flavoured mildness is introduced by tonka in the way that the base exudes nuances of aromatic tobacco. The dry down is anyway warm, enveloping and luxurious with its talky "smokey" mildness, ambery sandalwood and a sort of leathery suede. Shalimar is still nowadays a great choice for the lovers of sumptuous effluviums managing to teleport them in a world of mystic exoticism, sultanates, harems and esotericism.
positive What can I add to the accolades strewn like wreaths of the finest blossoms at the feet of Shalimar?  My two cents, of course!
If Chanel No. 5 is the Queen of Perfumes, then Shalimar is the empress.  No. 5 is a masterpiece of modern aldehydes.  Shalimar is a masterpiece of nature's flowers.  Funny that they appeared at almost the same time, because they couldn't be more polar of opposites.  Shalimar captures the very essence not only of flowers, but of perfumerie itself.  If a perfume is meant as more than a means to end (smelling better)--that is, as a fantasy...a catalyst for dreams--then Shalimar takes the crown. I know it's an oriental; perhaps the first.  However, to me, Shalimar is the quintessence of floral. The only flower I see listed in the pyramid is iris, but surely there are more in this garden.  The experience of Shalimar is the experience of a child smelling a flower for the first time.  Overwhelmed and entranced for life.  The Shalimar I'm talking about here is the original perfume.  I get the feeling today's Shalimar is not what it once was...
How I remember my mother going out for a formal occasion, in a ball gown(!), suffused with Shalimar her special perfume from that magic bottle ( the one with the violet stopper), coming in to kiss us goodnight.  Talk about magical!
positive Absolutely sensational, classic fragrance and without any shadow of a doubt, one of the most complex creations in all perfumery. Evolves dramatically on the skin morphing from one contrasting colour to another in bewildering, virtuoso style.

negative One of the ugliest, most pervasive scents known to man, next to cat pee.

The staying power is, of course, excellent.
negative I dont quite like it. I blind-bought it because it was oh-so praised here on basenotes. That was a mistake. It  smells pretty much like joss sticks and reminds me of red-light-establishements (thou ive never been in one :). As KatiePuckrikSmells stated in her YouTube-Review the smell was considered "a perfume with a bad reputation" and that "there are three things a "Lady" never did [..], wear shalimar", this is pretty much spot on. Its not western-classy but oriental-brothelesque.. thumbs down.

neutral i have the reformulated version from 2011....and must say its a big dissapointment...
 but on the original parfume i can say its the best idea behind any female parfume, combination of citrusy-bergamot and vanilla-amber, incense notes....all the best i like, so feminine and powdery and so special, creme brulle :), and not so many parfumes that play with simmilar notes
thats what i want and thats what its worth having, but not when they put reformulations and think people who buy shalimar wont notice it? ...becasue if it smelled like this before i am sure it would not be such a popular scent, this 2011 version  resembles too much to dior homme, its more of a hay and less of smoky creme brulle. but ok will survive it :)

EDIT:i could not survive it so i sold it and managed to buy EDT vintage, it smells like real icon now! its not so sharp, offensive, citrus layed over hay, but its cremme brulle, i finally get the vanilla!! which i could not findin new EDP,  its like hearing a song from the mouth of a man and a robot, this is the difference for me between vintage and modern perfume, they want to speak the same words but cant reach my heart, amazing experience for me to see how these things do matter!! and reformulations are bad thing!
neutral First try with this, strong oriental vibe, loved the bergamot but it faded quickly. Liked the scent overall. I totally missed the iris, but my husband thought it smelled like "baby powder". Interesting spicy tone in a nice soft vanilla base. 

I will try this one again, but kind of disappointed so far.

***Update 10/15/11***
Maybe my first trial was a stale sample, this time is much nicer! Now I pick up the iris notes as well, that's part of the powder I think. Husband likes it better this time, too.

***Update 09/25/16***
Not in love. At all. The first hour or two is interesting, then it dissolves into sugary-powder. It seriously smells like candy on my skin. Lasts all day, too. I think I'll be swapping this one...

neutral Shalimar has always confused me.  Two women I knew in the 1970's wore it, and it smelled quite different on each, so I never could find it's identity.  Last year i purchased a brand new bottle and sprayed it on.  The top notes were lovely, but the drydown was pure coumarin or some coumarin substitute.  Sadly, coumarin becomes quite bitter and uncomfortable on my skin but lasts forever.  I tried it a few more times with the same results.  Shalimar was moved to the back of the cabinet.
Two months ago I found a mystery bottle of Guerlain for sale.  It had no label but was the familiar round bottle with the crystal stopper and was quite affordable.  I snatched it up and dabbed it on.  The top notes had gone off but what followed was heavenly.  I guessed that it might have been Shalimar, but with no label it was merely guessing. Whatever it was, it was so different from the current Shalimar.
Today I received another bottle (round bottle w/ crystal stopper) off the internet, this one with a label.  Definitely Shalimar.  I dabbed both bottles on my wrists, and they are identical and wonderful.  Full, rich and delicious.  Totally Guerlain.
So.  How do I rate this perfume that smells so amazing in it's vintage incarnation and so painful in it's current state?  I'm afraid it will have to be neutral for now.
positive My favourite fragrance of all time.

The addition of a ‘dirty’ jasmine and herbs to a sparkling lemon top creates a real ‘thirst quenching’ effect that the citrus itself could never achieve. I liken it to the effect of a good cup of English Breakfast Tea - it’s not a cold, sparkling beverage but it has such a balance of invigoration and depth that when done properly will quench your thirst like nothing else.

Eau Sauvage is a timeless, intimate, ‘gentlemanly’ and versatile fragrance. A real joy to wear.
positive What can you say about a classic like Eau Sauvage that hasn't already been said?

So I'll keep it brief: it's an impeccably made, perfectly balanced, anywhere-anytime creation with a gorgeous lemon-citrus opening and an herbal heart. It gets as close to "timelessness" as fragrances can get.
positive I had a revelation last summer (in June-July 2019), when I stayed for one month in an airb&b rental apartment located in a hilly residential area near Porta Romana of Firenze, Italy. To my utter astonishment and great delight, every morning, when I climbed upstairs from the bedrooms to the living room / kitchen area, I was invariably greeted by a natural fragrance wafting through the wide-open windows from the villa's private garden, that was identical to Eau Sauvage. Voila, now we know it: Monsieur Roudniska must have spent some time during summer in the Tuscan hills near Firenze and the fragrance that envelops them in June-July provided the inspiration for his iconic creation without equal! 
positive I've had bottles of Eau Sauvage - both the current version and the vintage, and they are both wonderful. I do notice the lack of oakmoss in the current version, but it's not that different. This perfume was never an oakmoss bomb that had to suffer an unfortunate reformulation. In all its versions, I find it an incredibly refined fresh/green fragrance, with hints of lemon, lime, basil, hints of florals and faint whispers of woody-mossy notes all culminating into an accord of breathtaking beauty and immaculate sophistication. It is notoriously weak, especially faint rather than short-lived (it does last a few hours as a skin scent with a liberal application), but this is a perfume where it's all about quality over quantity. 


4/5
positive It smells like classical cologne but it’s got a very nice twist of musk that makes it deeper. Very good, and it could be considered as unisex. 
positive My all time favorite. My grandfather, who was born in Italy and came here later on, wore this every day. He said it reminded him of his basil in the garden he kept. To this day, I can still smell it on his old clothes we keep, and still have one of his old bottles he never finished. 

Yes, silage is low and it does not last that long, but I find it lasts longer when sprayed on clothes in warmer weather. There is a slight differnce in the vintage vs. the new re-formulation. I find the vintage to be just a little more "heavy", and the newer lighter. 
positive I'll start with a confession: For me, there's currently no fragrance that tops Eau Sauvage. So why write yet another raving review if I'm just another fanboy? Because don't think I am. And if I am, then I hope that you can at least learn something from what I've experienced. So here's my story - it's rather a long one, but bear with me - or just skip to the part that says "Kid, there's...". 

First of all, Dior Eau Sauvage isn't the same as Dior Sauvage, so those of you looking for the Johnny Depp Sauvage, kindly go find the right page.

Now… A few years ago (it may sound ridiculous for some, but it was as far back as 2014), I started looking for a gentlemanly scent, something with style, something to impress, a scent that my favourite characters from books, film or TV would wear. I was, in short, looking for something to attract the ladies. Eau Sauvage was the fragrance that came up the most in my online searches. It was mentioned as _the_ classic, something that Steve McQueen swore by, and the product of one of the stars of perfumery, Edmond Roudnitska.

So I tried that Eau Sauvage, bought a 50ml bottle - and was less than impressed. In fact, I went back to the store I bought it in and complained about it lasting only an hour or so on my skin, nothing at all like what I'd expected from my internet "research". I was told that it was a very light citrus summer scent and was fobbed off with a whole bunch of samples (most of which I don't really care about and still keep in a box, including what the shop owner professed to be her favourite, Dior Homme).

I wore that 50ml bottle, wearing at least two sprays at a time, for quite a while - trying a lot of others in between. I was spending a lot of time travelling internationally by plane and I really did try a lot of other scents. Still, I regularly came back to that weak citrus cologne.

One day, about a year ago, I got my hands on a vintage bottle of Eau Sauvage, sealed and from the 90 judging by the box. I tore into it like a kid at Christmas, unscrewed the lid, put some on my arm and... was underwhelmed, again.

By that time my fling with perfumery had turned serious. I wasn’t spraying on nearly as much as before. And I'd bought essential oils, resins and other partially very expensive ingredients, started smelling, comparing and mixing, the results amounting to the same thing as my reading - that perfumery was much more about exact measures and how the individual substances reacted with each other than how I imagined them to smell in my head, all the time still looking for something like the ultimate attractant.

I'm going to skip a few steps and just tell you what I'd tell myself back in 2014:
I'm still using Eau Sauvage, the modern version mostly, because it's easy to wear, unobtrusive, agreeable. It's become my signature scent without me noticing it, really.
I like to wear the vintage version on occasion (I just have to add that there's hardly any resemblance to the new one, the old one has much more character, it's much more capturing - but it has made me feel like I were trapped in a bubble of flatulence twice now in certain surroundings. There must be some strange chemical reaction I can't place yet...) but the new version remains the juice I've used most of over the years. I've even started mixing it with some of my raw materials. Now, I always have a 5ml bottle of it mixed with some myrrh tincture, sandalwood and oud ready - I jokingly like to call it my personal Ruthvah, but hey - 

Kid, there's no such thing as a love potion number whatever. I've tried a lot of things that claimed to be. So-called pheromones, Calone, Hedione, Iso E Super, ambergris, civet, castoreum. None turned out to be more than the thing that really counts: belief in yourself.
So what all this ranting boils down to is this: wear what makes you feel the way you want to. For me, this is it.
positive Oh dear jeebus. I adore the modern stuff, but vintage is just properly blow your mind amazing. 

Whichever way you choose to buy it it, Eau Sauvage is a men's classic that every gent ought to have on his shelf at least once. 

The opening is glorious - lemon that dips between presenting perfectly naturally to having a candied edge, cumin and rosemary giving a ruggedly spicy, almost leathery touch and then to me developing into a wickedly smooth finish. 

If you haven't given it a try yet, I'd consider starting with the modern formulation to see if you like the DNA, then consider hunting vintage because this isn't exhorbitantly expensive (yet). 
positive I love this, it is a fairly dry citrus.  Herbal and manly.  Smells well groomed.  It is polite, and not overtly brash like many of its contemporaries.  It doesn't fade instantly, but sooner than I would consider good.  Say below average longevity, but not poor.  
positive While I am a bigger fan of the Eau Sauvage Parfum version, this is the one that set the stage for my decades-long love of what is arguably a classic, excellent men's fragrance.

What I enjoyed about Eau Sauvage is that it's a longer lasting, more layered potion than the typical eau de cologne citrus scents out there. It is very bracing and exudes a fresh masculine impression that still is appreciated after over 40 years in existence.

Eau Sauvage is a nicely blended citrus-spice fragrance that also accented by floral notes like carnation and jasmine. It's tangy-musky goodness of the most elementary, no-nonsense kind.

I enjoy the Parfum version as it is a lush, intense rethink of Eau Sauvage. But it's up to you which level of intensity would work for your personality and occasion.
Try both out, as each are fairly easy to find on most fragrance tester counters at a department store near you.
positive A Classic. So fresh. Still so relevant. Still so nice after all these years.

Worth having a bottle in the collection. 
positive THE icon of male french perfumery, whether you enjoy it or not, many have exhorted its beauty here and elsewhere and I won't add to it.
It's a french cultural institution, sitting at number 4 in sales as I'm writing this (2018), behind Bleu, Sauvage and Terre, it says a lot considering its 1966 launch that it's still this popular having survived and thrived through the power 80's, ghastly ozonic 90's, and the current "blue" chemical spill aka spiky """woods""". It can still be smelled everywhere in France, in the subway, in line at the boulangerie etc.. I sincerely hope it'll still be in the top 5, 50 years from now sitting right under whatever the ' parfums du jour' are
Vive Eau Sauvage

positive Like the music composer Rimsky-korsakof, Edmond Roudnitska was a naturally gifted autodidact who delighted in subtle and complex forms. He may have been a great composer of symphonic perfumes but unlike Rimsky-korsakof, Roudnitska was not a prolific source of creative ideas. His complex and multi layered masterpiece of citrus - verbena - herbs - transparent floral and vetiver shares more than a little in the structure of citrus - verbena - white floral and chypre behind François Coty's cologne de toilette, Eau de Coty.

The main difference between them - and what marks Eau Sauvage out as belonging to a new generation of perfumes - is Roudnitska's bold use of hedione. This pale and translucent jasmin isolate displaces the lemon and sweet spicy focus of the Coty, it diffuses the white floral and in doing so opens up the profile like a paper fan. 

Even if it is derivative of a relatively unknown perfume, Eau Sauvage is none the less a very subtle work. Today, it's difficult for us to comprehend just how new and different it must have felt when it first came out. Back in the 1960's, masculine perfumery was still "basically the barber's Eau de Cologne. There was the green, the blue and the amber. There was also Old Spice." This according to the president of the French Society of Perfumers who was quoted in a 2012 edition of Madame Figaro magazine. "With Eau Sauvage we discovered something quite different." Eau Sauvage represented a step change in perfumery, not only achieving a new level of subtlety but perfume in general was now able to express an ethereal quality that hadn't been possible before.

This translucent quality of Eau Sauvage can make it seem to disappear in short order. In fact it doesn't vanish but it does have a tendency to lie low. But what it lacks in odour yield is made up for with increased longevity - as compared to a citrus Eau de Cologne; an old French advert from the time reads 'Méfiez-vous de l'eau qui dort' - Beware of the water that sleeps. Sleeping water - a canny image for the pale and elusive Eau Sauvage.

Back in the sixties there was less competition in the market place and a masculine perfume could be somewhat diffident about its appeal, in fact anything louder than a whiff of Gauloises might have been thought unbearably vulgar. Eau Sauvage certainly didn't suffer for being discrete, it was a stand out success and nothing came close to matching its popularity.

Not only was Eau Sauvage a commercial success, it was - and still is - critically acclaimed as a masterpiece. In the book 111 Perfumes to Smell before you Die (Les cent onze parfums qu'il faut sentir avant de mourir) the editors of French parfumista magazine Nez selected what they consider to be the most notable perfumes of the modern era. Eau Sauvage is one of only sixteen masculines to make it into the book; it is the only one they describe as a work of art.

***** 
positive The Ladies' Tower at the Alhambra by Martin Rico y Ortega 1871

Orphée ( Jean Marais ) in 
Orpheus by Jean Cocteau 1950
positive There isn't a whole lot that can be said about Eau Sauvage that hasn't already been, and the general consensus (with which I agree) is that it's a masterpiece, but I will give it my grand review nonetheless. The famed Mr. Roudnitska would only make 3 masculines (unless you count 1951's unisex Eau d'Hermés) in his time as a perfumer, and this is the only one still being produced, if that's any indication of it's timeless power. The first masculine created by the famed perfumer (Moustache by Rochas in 1949) was more or less an early blueprint of the male chypre, but the virile animalic potency of that scent wasn't for everyone, despite it's light dusting of citrus and lavender on top to keep it fresh and austere by the day's standard. The unisex Eau d'Hermés ultimately favored by men was further in the sexually-charged direction, and Eau Sauvage seems to be it's equal-opposite successor to Moustache, but this time Roudnitzka would go it without the help of his wife Theresa to create the scent, whom was a huge source of input for Moustache, and the resultant creation was ironically more feminine, or at least more gender-neutral than Eau d'Hermés could ever hope to be. Eau Sauvage would also prove to be the first male scent for designer Christian Dior, with a whole story behind it's naming, and the whole thing was just a big deal all around. I never knew any of this going in of course, but it's fun learning later that "Eau Sauvage" not only means "Wild Water" in French, but was a corrupting of "Oui Sauvage", the way in which Christian Dior's butler addressed his friend Percy Savage when he came to visit the designer's home. Just lovely bits of character that make the scent that much sweeter!

The formula of this couldn't really be simpler, which is it's beauty to be honest. It's classified as a chypre, but it doesn't really contain the prerequisite hoary animalic base notes, but we give that a slide since literally everything else is textbook chypre. It opens with lemon rosemary, a lavender, bergamot, which is fairly barbershop-ish in modern times. After the lemon and rosemary greet you, petitgrain, jasmine, and a light dusting of sandalwood comes up to say hello in the middle, and after it dries, the textbook oakmoss, musk, amber and a touch of vetiver for a masculine edge holds your hand for the rest of the experience. That's it! No fuss, no muss, no civet or castoreum to sour or sharpen the mix, just heaps of fresh, green sophistication through a use of just a few primary vegetable notes and once-animalic but since synthetic fixatives (ambergris and deer musk have long since ceased being in commercial perfume even before Eau Sauvage came long). There is a drawback to this purely herbal composition, and that is the scent has pretty mediocre projection like a typical Avon/Mary Kay or department store fragrance under $30USD; it's totally okay if you want something that requires folks to come a little closer to enjoy your aura, but for the projection-means-better guys, this one won't do. Eau Sauvage does have pretty mean longevity though, and it should for the price: this one still goes between $60-$90USD even after being over 50 years old! It's a testament to it's desirability and staying power I suppose, and Dior has spun off a half-dozen flankers including 2 parfum formulations, an "extreme", and "extreme intense" and now one just called "Sauvage" (a modern reboot but not a replacement), all of which sit alongside the eponymous original. 

Most people who smell Eau Sauvage now for the first time aren't even aware of it's age, since it's fresh, semi-sweet, and green tones just make it so classy and timeless. There is a certain degree of person who won't like stuff such as this because it doesn't have any richness to it, or chemical oomph of modern scents; I have heard some people liken this to a middle-aged man's contemporary scent, in that you have to be over a certain age to pull it off, but once you reach that age (regardless of when you were spawned), it will instantly be your signature scent. There is truth in these words to some degree, as I probably would not have appreciated something this dapper and soft in my early 20's as I do now, despite it's "wild" nomenclature. If nothing else, this joins the ranks of scents like Caron Pour Un Homme (1934), Canoe (1936), Chanel Pour Monsieur (1955), Monsieur Givenchy (1959), Aramis (1965), Kouros (1981), Eternity for Men (1989), Acqua di Gio (1996), and other time-worn men's essential classics that should be experienced, if not owned, at some point in a guy's lifespan. The scent works in nearly all seasons, and for nearly all occasions, all times of day, and is literally so well balanced, it could be my one-and-only desert island fragrance if I had to reduce everything I owned down to one selection. I only hold back on wearing it more with respect to the rest of my collection. If the art of the male chypre had an apex point, it would be this scent, and it's no wonder fougères overtook these chypre scents a decade or so after this. Where else was there left to go after Eau Sauvage? That's a question still waiting for an answer 50+ years later.
positive They they could just make this last longer.

It smells amazing. Perfect. Classic. Unfortunately it just disappears from my skin after 45 minutes.
positive There isn't much point in going into detail here..this fantastic scent has been reviewed and screwtanised to death ..all I will say is that to me it represents a piece of history, very much like adp colonia and chanel pour monsier and many more. With regards to its performance. ..if this fragrance was a beast or projected like a lunatic it would change the whole dynamic , and for me part of its charm is its lightness and airyness. I read somewhere that John lennon enjoyed this scent , Wether that's true or not isn't proven, but it's funny to think of him wearing this in bed with yoko in Amsterdam for a week. Generally speaking I see this scent as a piece of timeless sophistication that feels fresh and thankfully light.  

negative Now unrecognisable as the classic I remember from the 1970s. Weak with poor sillage and longevity and on me it smells like an old-fashioned tin of lemon scented wax polish. Not an unpleasant scent if you want to smell (faintly) like the furniture.
This review is of the EDT.
negative I sprayed this on paper at a Sephora and LOVED the retro-opening so I also sprayed the back of my hand.  I picked up a bottle and was going to purchase it as another customer was asking the attendant about men's fragrances she could purchase for her husband.  I mentioned Eau Sauvage and said "here, smell this".  She turned up her nose and said she didn't like it.  I re-sniffed it on my hand and it smelled like someone smeared feces on me.  I said "ew" -- she said "YEAH".  I put the bottle back and got a sample that I tried a few weeks later -- SAME RESULT -- lemon-POOP / Lemon-Feces / Lemon-DooDoo.
negative Do you like wearing limonate ? This a scent for you ,but not for me !
negative The rosemary hit first with a trace of citrus that wasn't specifically lemon. The petitgrain and basil lead through to a clean, but not soapy, vetiver finish with a nice sun-warmed skin character. When I say vetiver this was more of the airy spicy side than the green plant matter aspect. 
Overall, a clean yet masculine aroma that conjures the meeting of plants and seas. . My wife complimented on it almost immediately, describing it as "beachy" smell. 
While I acknowledge this fragrance just may not have worked with my chemistry, down-thumbed this Dior classic because it was seemingly only detectable wet. After 20 minutes the show was over, and at an hour it was undetectable. Such a shame. Be sure and test it with your skin and consider the "extreme" version. 
negative Loved, loved, loved this concoction back in the '80's and for some unexplained reason, I stopped wearing it.  Fast forward to 2016.  Received a 'new' bottle as a gift and became immediately ecstatic.  Yes...the same honest lemon note...the clean, fresh aura that I had remembered from years gone by.  End of story.  No longevity.  No sillage.  Quel dommage.  Now it sits on my fragrance shelf only to be used when the outside temperatures reach a sad over 90* roasting point only to enjoy for the 20 minutes or so after applying.  I understand that the reformulation (God, how I hate that word!) has undergone the surgical removal of oakmoss.  Is that the key to this horrific transformation?  Whatever.  It is still delightful for about 10 minutes but fails to deliver as I remember, from the past. But...a ray of sunshing...I truly enjoy the new magnetic cap...sort of ends there.  
negative I ordered a sample based on countless positive reviews, but unfortunately I was disappointed. This sickly-sweet cologne is reminiscent of something you'd find in an elderly person's garage sale. 

I give credit to the people that can rock this scent confidently, but it's not me. 

neutral The opening is not-too-sweet lemons with something kinda musty or animalic. It also has a slight herbal greeness. The animalic jasmine and patch combo kick in next, giving it that mature, almost feminine quality that many older scents have to my nose.  It’s not heavy it all.  Feels versatile and could be quite effective in a warmer climate. 

I’ll comment on performance but my sample didn’t come with any indication of what year it was produced, so I assume it’s fairly recent and probably what’s available in stock at retail. Projection was just okay throughout but longevity was pretty good, lasting 8 hours. 
neutral Eau Sauvage Parfum is probably my favorite scent period. So naturally I was going to gravitate towards the original version of it. Every time my wife drags me into Sephora I smell it on paper. The opening is beautiful, so fresh, so clean. So finally yesterday I sprayed some juice on my hand and left. About 20 minutes later it turned into a skin scent on me. Not only that but I didn't like what it turned into. It completely strayed from the beautiful opening that attracted me to it in the first place but rather a dirty vetiver vibe. Almost got a Polo Green vibe from it, and unfortunately that does not blend well with my skin. Such a shame because it truly has a great opening but whatever, at least I didn't waste my money on something I don't like. 
neutral This as we know it comes from the past as a traditional clean, citrusy based fragrance with a dry down of a woody. This fragrance is in my meh list as it not intended to wow or intrigue anyone. A work scent is more to its niche. Sillage is standard and longevity is in the middle due to its citrus nature.
neutral Love this classic, very fresh, lemon and Bergamot, summery,clean, leather,woody dry down. The only problem is longevity, it just fades too quickly.      
neutral This has a very beautiful masculine citrus-and-leather scent to it that is old-fashioned in a good way and has a barbershop quality to it. However it smells almost identical to Capucci pour Homme which sells for a fraction of the price of Eau Sauvage. In comparison to Capucci pour Homme though, Eau Sauvage does have a more full smell with higher potency in the opening. As for the sillage, it is moderate while longevity is also moderate. In my opinion Capucci pour Homme is basically the same juice for a cheaper price.

4/5
neutral Nice lemon drop candy for 5 minutes and then poof... gone. Pleasant scent, not offensive, but just not enough. I'll assume it was probably better 50 years ago. Will try this again sometime & see if it's any better. 

Aug 19,2018. Will change from thumbs down to neutral. Upon second sampling with much more fragrance, I still find the top notes disappear 5 minutes in, never to be smelled again. However, there are some nice (very light) basenotes on this that actually do last a while, but it is instantly a skin scent and to legitimately enjoy this you would have to drown yourself in it.  
neutral I blind bought a big bottle of this stuff based on the positive reviews all over the web, and the iconic status. 

I'm giving it a neutral because of its iconic status, but I really don't like it. I don't "hate it", exactly, but I hardly ever use it. It has some sort of sickly-sweet, sugary thing going on in the opening notes that I dislike. I don't see many reviews mentioning this aspect, but I find it overpowering. After 30 minutes or so that mellows out and it improves, but not entirely. It continues to have a sort of candied sweet note all the way through to dry-down.

Other aspects of it are nice - the citrus, complexity, etc., but I can't get past that "too much Splenda" type vibe.
positive Iconic in its stature and been around for ages.  I have a vintage version before the Oak Moss was stripped out.  ES is soft, warm and inviting.  Classic Eau du Cologne structure with more emphasis on the herbs (Rosemary and Basil) than most.  Like most EdC’s, it doesn’t last (about 3 hours).  I find the base a bit lacking but perhaps that comes with the EdC territory.  There’s better EdC’s out there, namely Acqua di Parma’s Colonia & Assoluta but ES is still worthy of attention.   

7/10
positive Another review of Eau Sauvage because… At some point the scent needs to be evaluated for what it is, in comparison to other available fragrances, rather than in comparison with the memories (or aging bottles) of a vintage formulation. I would also underscore that the version of Eau Sauvage I’m reviewing is François Demachy’s post 2011ish reformulation (lighter colour, magnetic cap), which in fact had much better longevity than a NIB bottle of the 2009 formulation (oakmoss listed on the box, but weaker, flatter & shorter-lived) picked up at Sephora last year. 

There’s not really any point in listing the notes: educate your nose and you can detect everything listed in an extended pyramid (the one BN lists plus things like iris, caraway, etc.), enjoying the lucid note separation while you’re at it. What’s key is not the notes but the blending… Following the initial citric burn, the balance is smooth and dynamic, with an elegant, trailing drydown. The great features of this composition that are part of its legend (a vivifying citrus, a watery freshness, a second-skin ‘sweat’ accord athwart the expected classical balance) are all there, as translated from old school reviews to what’s right under your nose. There are synthetics here, but unlike some fragrances that whine, buzz or rasp recklessly, the texture overall is graceful, and a little shabby in the most elegant possible way. Speaking of elegance, the 3.4 ounce bottle is a piece of Platonic pleasure that fits well in your hand, the metal label, like a nameplate outside an apartment in a very good neighborhood still presents Dior’s Christian name (sorry for the pun), and the atomizer is generous and efficient.

Final notes: Complaints about longevity should be read with some skepticism as the possible products of past history and knee-jerk repetition. I’ve only been into this hobby for a few years, but most things I’ve tried act just like this, if I am lucky: 1-2 hours of good projection on post-shower skin, followed by a drydown that lasts 4-6 hours on skin and 6-8 hours on the collar of my shirt. Eau Sauvage reactivates crisply with body heat and smells affectingly natural lining the skin at the end of a working day. It reapplies very effectively at the cocktail hour and will last the rest of the night if you decide to take it into the evening. Observations based on several bottles? This macerates (ages) better than most of what I’ve tried, new or vintage: my bottles have firmed up beautifully in just about six months, gaining a bit more punch in terms of both strength and longevity; if it feels too fleeting, shelve it for a season or two and try again. 

Why all the fuss? If you are looking for compliments, they’re there to be had, but this is also one of the best educations in fragrance composition your designer-level dollars can buy. As a meeting point of art and entertainment, beauty, versatility and reliability, it holds its place in the present as both signature and statement.

positive Initial citrus blast, somewhat synthetic in aspect, but still pleasant. This was followed with ten minutes or so by a woodsy note that almost smelled like rosewood to me. I really enjoyed this addition. I should say the woodsy rosewood smell "joined", not followed, because the citrus didn't leave. It was still there as well, and they worked well together to produce a very nice combination of notes that was very enjoyable. After three hours or so, Eau Sauvage started to develop a soapy smell which became the dominant note, but the citrus and wood also persisted. It was a nice "clean", "fresh" soapy note, not overpowering or headache inducing in any way. It struck me as a nice "Dove" soap smell. I'm now at twelve and a half hours post application, it's a nice skin scent and I'm still picking up the citrus, wood, and soap aspects. This is the first Dior product that I've cared for of the ones I've tried. A very enjoyable fragrance and Eau Sauvage is definitely a permanent addition to my wardrobe. It's amazing that this fragrance was created in 1966! A testament to great perfuming! 
positive I have nothing new or particularly profound to say about Eau Sauvage that hasn't already been said. I recently "rediscovered" it after a very prolonged hiatus. There have no doubt been many reformulations between my first bottle and the one I recently acquired. Can I call the current version a carbon copy of the vintage? Of course not. My memory isn't that good. What I can say is that my renewed acquaintance immediately evoked old memories in the uncanny way that only scent can do. For that reason I call this a successful reinterpretation of what started out as, and to my nose remains, an iconic masculine fragrance. Rejoins my shortlist of must-haves.
positive Holiday scents #8 - Dior Eau Sauvage

Because the world needs another review of Eau Sauvage... I'll kepp this brief. Terrific, genre-defining chypre full of well-balanced bergamot and lavender. I understand that the modern version has lost the oakmoss component, retaining a dose of vetiver for the woody base. Immediately fresh and familiar, I'm not sure what the oakmoss would add. No doubt those with more mileage could say. 

One thing it might add would be a boost to longevity, as my sample was seriously underpowered. To be as fair as possible, I attribute some of this to the small size of the sample sprayer, and I suspect a proper size atomiser would lead to better results. 

Therefore, an enthusiastic but provisional thumbs up until such time that I can re-test under more propitious conditions. Until then, caveat emptor, but there are no caveats in my mind about the ongoing relevance and importance of this fragrance. 
positive I have a decant of vintage Eau Sauvage, and I am a fan. It is a lemony scent, with a suave underpinning of soapiness. 
positive A classic citrus/spicy fougere that is light and refreshing but bold and masculine at the same time, Christian Dior Eau Sauvage is a men's staple along the lines of Chanel Pour Monsieur EDT, a creation that almost seems to defy traditional descriptors. With Eau Sauvage, you smell like a mid century man, or at least as I imagine my grandfathers at the time, since they wore fragrances that sure smelled like Eau Sauvage, Pour Monsieur, Aramis, etc. well into my childhood.

I get out of Eau Sauvage mainly an opening of lemon and bergamot with lavender that lasts hours into the life of the fragrance, where it mixes with cumin,  sandalwood, and patchouli. I don't get the basil in the opening nor rose in the heart but it's fascinating to see the complexity of this on paper (as in its note breakdown) while enjoying its actual complex smell.  My experience is dominated by the lavender.

Performance-wise, it opens very strongly and projects for about an hour before becoming a milder skin scent, which makes it very office-friendly. Certainly it leans toward warm weather usage but it can be used with more sprays in the winter given its spicy and woody features.

At $59 for 100ml or $83 for 200ml on FragranceNet (usually home to the best deals), Eau Sauvage has held its value very well but nevertheless remains a good deal. Clearly this could be in a man's top-5 list most essential, versatile fragrance. Simply a classic.

8 out of 10 
positive Eau Sauvage, the lemony  slightly dirty masterpiece of Edmond Roudnitska retains its timeless character and similarity to the 1968 original.  The brilliance of this creation is the combination of ingredients that creates a totally unique Eau Sauvage aroma that is greater than the sum of its parts.  It is lemony, herbal with rosemary and vetiver all carried upon a hedione backbone which retains a bit of the jasmine indole for a light dry musky but memorable basenote. Once recognized you will recall the uniqueness of Eau Sauvage.  It is not my favorite lemon eau de cologne fragrance, but the contrasts and character are memorable and pleasing by its familiarity.
positive This was Steve McQueen's personal favourite...and I can see why. Fine lemon with a touch of vetiver, a tad powdery. To my nose it smells dated, reminds me of something nice but I can't remember what! Not overpowering, it's just right. Sort of lemon trees, green grass and a summer breeze in mind. Maybe an 18-hole game of golf, then afterwards a shower and change in the locker room, before heading to the clubhouse bar for a drink on the rocks. Eau Sauvage has that vibe.
positive Loved the classy, masculine opening, found the middle pleasant, but the end was just ho-hum. My nose is by no means refined, but the drydown reminded me of a smoother Terre D'Hermes. TdH gives me a headache after half a day, so this was not the ending I was hoping for. I had such high hopes for the first few hours, but it just didn't come together enough for me to consider a purchase. Still, Eau Sauvage gets a thumbs up for everything it does right. It stayed relatively close on me throughout the later half the day, which is what I like in a fragrance. 
positive Brilliant formal fragrance.  As SJG3839 notes, this is lemon and Vetiver done very well.  

Adults only.
positive My first bottle of Cologne, 1968.
Same year as Bullitt. It was a beautiful Rosemary prominent citrus, hedione centric dream, anchored with a healthy dose of Natural Oakmoss and Vetiver.
It has been altered, reformulated gently over the years and is one that has weathered the storm somewhat intact. You really only notice the difference when side by side with Vintage where there is a better quality Citrus and Oakmoss adds depth and some longevity. Sandalwood was used up into the late 80's, but is non-existent now. A touch of Calonic airiness has taken residence.
Today's retains enough of the original structure. I get closer to the first by using an Oakmoss flavoured Shaving Cream and a tiny dot of Jasmine Absolute to the chest. My Queen makes comment.
To drive that Mustang would be dreamy. 
positive Lemon and vetiver done right. Very safe fragrance as well. 8/10
positive Perfection.  Everything is juuuuussst riiiight. Nothing too sharp, or too floral, too sweet, or too strong, or too thin.  Everything in balance, including a subtle skin/musk effect. Always appropriate and comfortable, transcends sex and age.



The soap is wonderful too.
positive Citing the 213 reviewers before me:

A gentleman's cologne that has stood the test of time.

Masterpiece. 
positive A timeless classic. Truly a masterpiece that will always stand the test of time. Precious and simple, a perfect scent suitable for every occasion.
positive I just received my first bottle of Eau Sauvage by Dior. I don't even know how to begin my praise for this classic men's fragrance. It is by far one of the loveliest scents I have yet to experience. I immediately thought of this as a cleaner, lemon version of the iconic Eau d'Hermes by Hermes--in a way. I highly recommend this to anyone who likes Eau d'Hermes and/or 4711. In fact, aside from 4711, this is what I wear more than anything else in my collection.
positive Salutation.

This scent is a Necessity in the Collection of the GENTLEMAN of Style, A Real scent for a real DIOR fan that After all these years It still gets favorable comments from the Ladies and I don't think that Someone could find it Unpleasant. Classy,Classic,Fresh, Adorable,Aromatic,Distinctive,Subtle and Virile.

It blends a scent of Pure innocence with the Exotic nature of precious Wood and the Sophistication of a Great fragrance.The Citrusy opening of Lemon, Bergamot and Fruity notes is Luminous and fresh,Middle notes is Aromatic and Lovely and Finally a Woody and Masculine in the base.

This DIOR EDT is really a Great SUMMER fragrance.It is a very Pleasant scent for EVERYDAY and OFFICE use. I definitely Recommend it to a Man 30/50 years with a good sense of Style That who wants to Stand out.A EVERGREEN fragrance indeed.

Sillage?Ok.

Longevity?Acceptable for a Citrus Aromatic.

7.75/10
positive The modern reinterpretation has a close vibe to the original Armani Pour Homme. This cologne is a true gentleman's cologne which would be perfectly suitable as a "signature scent" as it exudes character with high pedigree. Class in a bottle. Timeless. Steve Mcqueen chose Eau Savage as his "signature scent" and that in itself speaks volumes about this modern day reinterpretation of a scent that has stood the test of time.
positive Hands down the fragrance I have worn the most over the last five years.   As I have gotten into my late 40's I've found that I like the classic fragrances more and more, and Eau Sauvage is at the very top of my list.  The soft lemon/rose top notes make it smell great upon application.  The lemony scent lingers but never dominates like so many aquas and synthetics you find in your local department stores.   The basil and vetiver base with the lemon trace are absolutely timeless IMO.   

Eau Sauvage will never overwhelm and sillage and longevity are average.  Great scent for the office, weekend or any occaision where you want a classic masculine fragrance that has lower projection but timeless appeal.

10/10
positive This enduring classic is perfect in many ways--fresh citrus, a floral heart done right and vetiver to anchor everything.  Over the years I have worn this and always marvel at how good it is.  I particularly like the aftershave balm. There is a real freshness to it but a masculine sensuality that is freshly showered and beautifully dressed and ready for action.  Great warm weather scent; fresh but with the underlying smell of humanity that French fragrances do so well.  A man wearing Eau Sauvage will never feel out of place, out of time or out of luck.  It is timeless, manly and just plain good.  The advertising over the years has been really wonderful and it has supported several flankers which is not always desirable but in this case underscores just how good the core offering is.  Beloved by Sloane Rangers, Preppies, boys and girls, women and men everywhere.  I think it is safe to say that this classic will be with us forever.   
positive A citrus explosion that is my feeling, after 30 minutes maybe less lavender appears giving a floral touch, then evolves into a woody chypre where the oak moss becomes present, these accords make this fragrance become very vintage, was a great surprise, this will be the first of many bottles !!
positive This is my 5th or 6th bottle as well. I keep coming back to it because it's got everything I like. Very subdued, never been asked by passers by what cologne I'm wearing. That's okay. I like that. When I walk back into my office and get a whiff of what I sprayed on my coat earlier in the day, it makes me happy. 

I have the big 6.8 spray sitting on my dresser, in front of that are two tall ribbed bottles with the fancy bell shaped cap. A 3.4oz splash, Then a small 1/2oz bottle full of the vintage stuff I bought for as a reference.

As most of you know already, the vintage stuff is what really delivers the goods. The depth of the citrus in the beginning is downright intoxicating. If you find yourself reading reviews on basenotes for eau sauvage, I probably don't need to tell you to track down your very own example of the vintage juice.

The recent version of this stuff is pretty watered down. I don't think you could possibly spray too much. I give myself a good 2-3 spray several times thru out the day. You'll kill a single 3.4oz bottle in no time. 

All and all, I give it a thumbs up. Not great in terms of longevity or sillage..if that's what you're into. 
positive This is bottle Nr 6 i received today!

And i also had the vintage juice back in the day.

The citrussy topnotes on the current version stays a long time with me i noticed.

Maybe it has something to do with the spray mechanism they used on the 200ml bottle it sprays a bit more than the older bottles i had.

The current formulation suits me very well the little oakmoss that was a little more noticable in the vintage juice is tamed down in the current version.

In a good way the old version was indeed more Sauvage but with the current formulation the only thing i can think of is pure classleading performance!

This is not a sillage monster but a very refined and well balanced scent that projects class in a subtle way.

If youre looking for a bang for buck solution on this scent buy the 200ml (6.8 OZ)spray version of the EDT.

It reminds me of a EDC by the way but one that stays a good 8hrs and 6 hrs close to the skin.

Thumbs up!
positive Okay I really like this one a lot. It does what I wanted Creed Bois de Cedrat to do. It's fresh all the way. The citrus and rosemary work well together but the Basil and Vetiver freshen it up to keep it from being like medicine. To me this could be used anytime or anywhere. It's not too light or too strong. Highly recommended.

negative After reading all the positive reviews, I ordered a sample vial for 5 bucks.  This morning I sprayed two sprays on my wrist to test.  When I was in my car 5 minutes later, I could no longer smell it!  I sprayed 2 more sprays on the same wrist, again gone in under 5 minutes!  I could get a faint sniff of it, if i buried my nose in my wrist.  I dont know if I received a fake sample or what, but Ive had farts that lingered longer than this.

neutral Light lemony-basil scent. The lemon reminds me of cut up lemons that have been run through the garbage disposal. You get the same sharp, yet fleeting lemon wafting through the air. As it drys down, more of a basil comes through and the lemon hangs around in the background. Longevity and projection are not great, but this is the type of scent that works better in an understated profile.
For me, this gets most use on hot days or after an evening shave as a refresher. 
neutral Well i love citrus based fresh scents and always thought that Eau Sauvage will be the holy grail fragrance for me. Then One day i got a bottle. 
In my humble opinion i found it very over rated and hyped. Spending top bucks for a Dior fragrance and getting a bitter citrusy juice that lasts for no longer than 3 hours on my skin is not my idea of a Legend.
The bitter herbal candied citrusy opening is also not very pleasing to me.
No matter how hard i tried to Love it ...I failed.
Sorry Eau Sauvage.

The Neutral Rating is as a regard to its awesome reputation.
neutral I tried my hardest to be a fan of Eau Sauvage. It smells great, it was a favorite scent of my late grandfather, and it's a perfumery legend.

Alas, I gave my bottle to a good friend of mine. The reason? On my skin, it only lasts three hours - and this is a guy where L'Humaniste, known for longevity issues, lasts all day.
neutral On trying this out recently, I sprayed and loved it--until I smelled myself up close.  Whereas from afar, I reveled in the heavenly lemon and vetiver, at the skin level I detected a concentrated pungent, cabbage-y accord, that reminded me distinctly of helping my grandmother clean the house with a big bucket of Pine Sol in my youth.  Not exactly the fragrance I was hoping for.  However, after an hour or so, this acrid note disappeared and I enjoyed the rest of the ride.  

For me, chypres are finicky.  With a polarizing scent like Aramis, I can abide the gamey topnotes on the way to the heart of the fragrance, but this one was a bit off-putting for me.  Part of it, I think, is that Eau Sauvage EDT is at heart a 60s fragrance (like Aramis), with the cologne sensibility and orientation of that time.  Not a bad scent at all and worth trying.  Just not necessarily my favorite.  May have to give it a second chance...
positive Tom Of Finland. . . . . .
positive I love this scent, my first Niche bottle... it Jst lasts & lasts & lasts!

positive Santal 33 by Le Labo reminds me of the bombastic woody fragrances by CdG, but with different ingredients. Yes, I agree--this does smell like a moustache hipster, from 10 years ago, working in a wood shop, building a new end table and pickling vegetables in the corner. This fragrance suits my personal taste and it is difficult to argue with the quality and performance. Huge projection and sillage—the wearer is working hard in the wood shop for 10 to 12 hours a day, occasionally picking sawdust out of their beard and freshly laundered flannel shirt. 10 years ago, the day in the wood shop was ended at a cozy microbrewery, but now, our moustache is about to turn 33, and still works in a pile of wood chips, but spends spare time with the kids. 

4/5 

positive Rubbery leather with an industrial feel and dry woods make for a pungent opening. The more time passes, the fragrance relaxes and grows as a smell into a creamy sandalwood with cardamom and papyrus, it sweetens a bit but still maintains the leathery aspect which is now paired with soft buttery iris. By the end, the fierce animal has been tamed; it's a smooth, warm, aromatic and woody fragrance. If I could make a reference, it starts like TF Oud Wood Intense and dries down to Oud Wood.

positive I like it.  Out of all the leather fragrances I have tried, this is the only one that actually smells like leather.  The dry-down transforms into a dry, sawdust type smell.  Not special enough to buy a full bottle but still a good scent.
positive Santal 33 is a thoroughly decent scent. I ordered a sample from Le Labo for £3.99, including delivery. Sprayed it on this morning, my wife was impressed, but there was something about it as it developed that seemed very familiar to me. Then it hit me, the cedar note, that is. For I get mostly cedar in this, I guess because it's Australian sandalwood, rather than the far more difficult to get Indian stuff, so the sandalwood doesn't really stand out for me. This is cedar all the way.

But what was that all-too-familiar cedar note, where did I know it from? Ah yes, the old familiar, Quorum Silver, currently available at about £10-15 a bottle, compared with Santal 33 at £120. 

What's in a name? That which we call a rose
By any other name would smell as sweet.

Well, that's marketing for you, Wills.

Yes, Quorum Silver is not quite as refined as Santal 33, but for the sake of £100, I think there's very little in it, though they do have slightly different accords. Try a sample of Santal 33, and buy a bottle of Quorum Silver, and see if you smell the same.
positive Quintessential New York fragrance. You will smell this on many people in NYC, and it will feel out of place in most other places. One of the finest sandalwood fragrances out there next to Santal Massoia. This can end up smelling like a horse barn if sprayed too close. Give it the right distance and it is perfect. Supremely balanced. 
positive suede delicate leather in a campfire breeze, perfect duration and heavy duty sillage!
positive I like Santal 33.  It's big and loud and linear and sometimes I get kind of tired of it, but every time I wear it, without fail, at some point in the day, I catch a whiff of myself and just think "damn, that smells fantastic."  

So what does it smell like?  Well, it's pretty much my go-to to describe Australian sandalwood.  Unlike its Indian Mysore cousin (which smells, at its best, like rich, buttery sawdust), Australian sandalwood (and, by extension, Santal 33) smells like breaking open a fresh, green, sappy, newly grown branch, mixed with the smell of coconut water.  There's a mix of iris and ambrox in there, which mostly adds a luxurious richness without being very prominent, and some limpid, tea-ish elements as well.  Honestly, it all comes together to smell mostly like coconutty green goop, but it's a rich, expensive, gorgeous coconutty green goop.
positive What makes a fragrance intriguing is when it evokes a specific time, a certain place or a particular material while remaining elusively vague.

SANTAL 33 has successfully achieved this feat with its seemingly amorphous quality. Neither woody nor floral, far from leathery or spicy, I can't exactly describe it as musky either. Yet somehow it smells distinctive and chic. Like a cross between the scent of a freshly printed lifestyle magazine and the interiors of a luxury leather goods shop.

With superior performance to boot, this is another winning hand from the house of Le Labo. Well played!
positive Santal 33 is my favourite of the Le Labo line and the only I was willing to purchase a decant of. It is ethereal and as more of a birch suede focused fragrance supported by sandalwood, with little to no sweetness. 

It is however not a complement getter for me - which underscores it's niche quality.


positive This is pretty. I don't know if I would call it a "sandalwood" fragrance, but it is a really nice fragrance and I like it. A lot!

Ok, so yes, I can smell something that smells like sandalwood, but it is not the sandalwood I recall from the oils I used to buy years ago labeled "Mysore Sandalwood" back in the 80's and early 90's that I'm kicking myself for thinking they'd always be around...but I digress...

But this is really nice...it's comforting, and peaceful. There is something soothing about it, and my brain says: "buy it". My wallet says: "umm...can we hold off a bit?"

I would not purchase this as a blind buy - like all Le Labos (at least the ones I've got my nose on thus far), it's an interpretation of the scent/note. Enjoy the art without the expectation of a black and white understanding of the thing. 
positive This reminds me of a middle ground between Montale’s Aoud Leather and Creed’s Original Santal.    Not as sweet as Original Santal, but sweet.   And a leathery note similar to the Montale.   This strikes me as aiming more toward a leather scent than a sandalwood, though.  I do like it.
positive Santal 33 opens with a blast of violet before quickly adding smooth iris to the mix with a slight cedarwood undertone.  As the composition moves to its early heart the violet vacates, leaving remnants of the iris meshing with an emerging slightly harsh and dry Australian sandalwood that takes the fore early before gradually adding in sharp, natural smelling cedarwood that grows in its intensity through the rest of the mid-section turning into the star with the dry sandalwood only co-star.  In addition to the more prominent heart notes, binding the dry sandalwood and natural cedar is a supporting mysterious accord that somewhat resembles coconut, but not quite.  During the late dry-down the composition shifts back to the relatively sharp sandalwood, supported by slightly sweet and powdery amber joining the now diminished cedarwood through the finish.  Projection is excellent to outstanding, as is longevity at well over 12 hours on skin.

Frank Voelkl has been on a roll lately.  His other Le Labo mainline compositions Iris 39 and Ylang 49 both were favorites going into sniffing Santal 33, and outside the Le Labo family he also is responsible for the masterpiece caliber Javanese Patchouli by Zegna.  With so many excellent efforts under his belt with no duds sniffed to date it was with relatively high expectations that I sampled his Santal 33 and I am happy to report that it can be added to his growing list of stellar accomplishments.  Like many Le Labo compositions Santal 33 is not really a straight sandalwood composition.  Early-on, the composition is about violet, and even more-so iris.  I could immediately detect some early similarities for a short time with Iris 39 before the wood-centric heart set in...  The heart accord really leans more towards the cedarwood than the Australian Sandalwood, but certainly both play a key role.  The cedar is quite natural smelling, and the relatively dry sandalwood compliments it quite nicely.  Only in the late dry-down did I detect the sandalwood as the most prominent aspect, and then only just, as a very smooth and slightly sweet powdery amber is almost as prominent though the finish.  While Santal 33 may be more of an amalgamation of ingredients as opposed to a sandalwood focused composition, the most important thing is it is entirely successful.  The bottom line is the $160 per 50ml bottle Santal 33 may not have a strict sandalwood focus, but this "outstanding" 4.5 star out of 5 rated composition should be on any fragrance lover's radar, as should any other composition by Frank Voelkl!

negative Pickle dust.

Its got dry chemically dill in the opening.  One little bit on my arm three different times.  I just don't think this is very persistant or heavy. It is airy and fades out in like 5 hours.  I know that is not the baseline, but that is my 2020 experience.  Fairly pleasant for what I did smell.  Not particularly sandalwoody. Stupid expensive, and I wouldn't purchase it for $30.  Thumbs down, solid. 
negative Santal 33 was not at all what I expected, and unfortunately, it wasn't in a good way.

Santal 33 opens up with a fiercely dry, woody howl.  I assumed, as is the case with many "sandalwood" fragrances, that this would lean sweet and creamy.  Nope, not the case here.  This smells very much like real sandalwood, which has a very dry fragrance, and I think that Le Labo did a pretty good job of approximating it.  Most people haven't smelled real sandalwood, and what they have smelled is the treated kind thet you get in crappily-made mala beads that are made for hippies and "I'm not religious but I'm spiritual" types.  I was pretty stoked that Le Labo had actually gotten the scent right, except for one big caveat.

So what's the only way that they could screw this up, what with a sandalwood note this good?  Well, that would be by adding enough additional notes to interfere with the really good sandalwood that this fragrance contains.  The leather and papyrus are as prominent as the sandalwood, if not more so, and if the point of this scent was to feature sandalwood, then they basically took something great and then drove it right into the ground.  This is like going to the Met to listen to the NY Symphony's tribute to Color Me Badd.  The ingredients in this are good, for sure, but this formulation isn't.

This is supposedly the hip scent for people in NYC to wear, and as someone who has and still does spend a good bit of time in NYC, I can assure you that it doesn't surprise me one bit.  This could have been good.  I think that the folks at Le Labo had the skill to make this good, but like so many fragrances out there, they took a great idea and did to it what Meg Ryan did to her face.

Pass.
negative Insipid powdery violet /iris. Poor projection, a skin scent almost from the outset even if you give it a couple of good squirts.  Inoffensive until you also factor in the price. A joke.

Fragrance: 5.5/10
Projection: 4/10
Longevity: 6/10
negative Stardate 20190318:

This is shite.
Not sure why it became NYC's favourite. Violet/Iris with musk and powder. Very generic TJMaxx fragrance at astronomical price. Nothing redeeming about it. 
negative Santal 33 opens up as a casual, worn leather on my skin. It's pleasant enough but as it dries down, it completely falls apart into a dense, fluffy cloud of synthetic musk. Unfortunately, at this point the projection is quite strong and enduring. Utterly disappointing and not the only Le Labo to have collapsed like this on me. I have given up on the house.
negative You're a rabbit. You live in a dead garden. Your entire diet consists of unremarkable weeds, poison ivy/oak/sumac, and the occasional poisonous flower blossom. But, this isn't just any garden, because its owner decided to plant a bunch of cucumbers this year. So, you're a rabbit. You live in a mostly dead garden. Your entire diet consists of raw cucumbers, unremarkable weeds, poison ivy/oak/sumac, and the occasional poisonous flower blossom. The best part is that every so often you get to munch on all of these things after they've been spritzed with an insecticide. Santal 33 by Le Labo.
negative I have belived I liked any kind of woody fragrance until I met Santal 33. This scent made me realize that there exsits some woody fragrance I don't like.
It's truely woody but not warm rather than cool, keen, sharp and bitter. I imagine pine needles in a small garden such as my Japanese gandfather's bonsai. No softness or sweetness at all.
What's more, this fragrance does't have any top, middle or last note. It won't change. All the same smell. I have some another Le Labo perfumes and I feel all of them will not change their note. 
It's not overpowering or pungent. It float quietly but for me not comfortably.
It's just unique.
negative I heard *so* much about this fragrance and reading all the descriptions, it sounded so up my alley. 

But "leather" as a note always seems to mean something different to people and I am not into this interpretation. Something about it smells briney to me and it only intensifies on wearing. Probably because I'm so sensitive to it, it's often the only note I sense after a few hours.
negative Ordered a tester because of the hype. Not impressed. Interesting at first but then just a lingering sharp pine scent. I can see how those who like green scents would be very intrigued. Not for me.

neutral This was always a 100% thumbs up for me (yes, I'm from NYC and was part of that initial Santal 33 craze) that I am now moving to neutral. It feels like the formulation has changed and the performance is weaker than previous.

Some of the great sandalwood is still there and it still gets praise from myself and others but I can't justify it based on the price.
neutral The name "Santal" gave me the impression that this one would be a nice, creamy sandalwood. And I can't help but think about Creed's wonderful Original Santal, a favorite in my collection.

Santal 33 by Le Labo is an experimental concoction that is  leathery, with some bright woodiness (the papyrus) mixed with musk.  Very confusing, but it is what it is.  Not a bad smell overall though, but not what I'd call a classic sandalwood scent per se.  A so-so piece that avant garde types might take to more than I could!

neutral Out of curiosity, I stopped by the Le Labo counter at Nordstrom to pick up a sample of this. To me, it's definitely more on the feminine side. The initial burst is very nice and refreshing, but the drydown ends up being more floral than leather.
neutral I get mostly smokey wood, leather, and pine cones.  Smells like the old wood floors and furniture in a colonial house.  Has some shared traits with SJP Stash, another unisex fragrance. I also agree with the comparisons to Quorum Silver but that one has less smoke and is more fresh.

Projection is very good and persistent. Longevity is also very good, 8-10 hours. 

neutral Famously the “signature scent” of thousands of young professionals and hipsters in certain areas of New York city, Santal 33 by Le Labo has become a bit of a design cliché as of late – the olfactory equivalent of the Barcelona chair or the man bun. But just because everyone is wearing it doesn’t make it a bad fragrance. In fact, it’s pretty great, especially if you park your expectations at the door.

For one thing, despite the name, I find this to be a predominantly leather-focused scent, with a salty, green cucumberish quality that is almost aquatic. It opens with a powerful blast of chemical violet, sea salt, leather, and that aqueous herbal element, making me think each time of salty vetivers like Fleur de Sel by Miller Harris and Sea Foam by Art de Parfum.

But focusing too closely on the individual elements is of little use here, because the total effect is so forceful that you just have to give yourself over for the ride. Santal 33 is intensely masculine: full of raw, oily leather and balsam, it makes me think of a lifestyle concept store – one of those cavernous, white empty studio spaces where they place a tangle of parched white driftwood in one corner and a lone leather couch in the other.

Much later on, in the far drydown, there is the green aroma of dried coconut husks, raw and brusquely woody, and it is only then I see the reference to (Australian) sandalwood. But, in general, this is dry and woody-leathery, not lactonic or sweet.

Whenever I wear Santal 33, I am reminded of that craze for “shabby chic” that was so popular for most of the last ten years, because there is something very deliberately “antiqued” about the scent, like a modern wooden chair exposed to salty sea air to force-age it, whitewashed, and then distressed to give it the patina of age. It’s totally faux – but somehow the “fauxness” of it all becomes part of the appeal.

It reminds me of books, too. In particular in the raw, harsh chemical breeze of salt and Iso E Super whitewashing the grain of the scent, which ultimately comes off as a combination of freshly-tanned leather and newly-printed paper. It is an industrial book smell, one that belongs more to an Amazon warehouse or a newspaper printing room than a library or old book store.

But it’s also totally hipster and lifestyle-ish, with a high-gloss finish that is somewhat at odds with the raw, salty leather underneath. One of my favorite reviewers, Diamondflame, said it best when he called Santal 33 “a cross between the scent of a freshly printed lifestyle magazine and the interiors of a luxury leather goods shop.”


neutral Santal 33 is a very thorough expression of sandalwood.  It smells of woods, woods, and more woods, without being a woody oriental or a woody fougere or something more hybridized.  In that respect, it smells very natural, not like a personal fragrance at all but rather, a smell of nature, found in nature.  As has been the case with most of the Le Labos I've tried, projection and longevity are pretty good, even for an EDP.

I don't detect the floral notes--I get mostly sandalwood and cedar with a hint of leather.  Santal 33 is intriguing but it is not flattering on me---it leans a little bit too much toward balsa and smelling like a Home Depot or Lowe's.  I can begin to comprehend how widely popular this is due to how basic and natural it smells, but it just seems to be lacking refinement and something more, at least at the Le Labo price point. An interesting try, but for me, not a buy.

6 out of 10
neutral Dill 33 (ha!) is a kryptonite scent for me. It’s the one scent from the line that I absolutely cannot stand yet I think I’m one of very few people who feel this way about it. What absolutely murders it for me is the cardamom / iris / leather accord that’s present in Iris 39 and dominates this scent from start to finish.

This is a loud, rooty, herbal-green thing with a vegetal edge to it. It’s a tad sweaty, but the wood effect that it creates is impressive. Does it smell like sandalwood? Not exactly. But it does smell like a smart interpretation of the note along the lines Santal Massoia. An impression of sandalwood comes and goes throughout via a peanut-butter effect that’s commonly found in sandalwood oils. But what does exist of the sandalwood accord is drowned out by the megaphone of cardamom and scratchy iris that kill the scent’s better characteristics. 

On the one hand, I get why some people would enjoy this as it’s an interesting facsimile of sandalwood, but on the other, it also smells (I’m not kidding) like dill and cucumbers sandwiches—and that’s the part that screams the loudest. Not for me in the slightest.
positive This pushed all the right buttons. A brief cypriol gust knocks you off balance on opening before falling back to a lactonic green accord slowly transitioning into a lush fruity sandalwood during the heart (there is almost a feeling of honeyed apricots, the colour and texture if not aroma). It's got a wonderful balance between the sweetness, creaminess and astringent woody side, rich but never too much.

An interpretation of sandalwood with modern ingredients having an emphasis on boosting the golden bright aspects of the natural oil. Perfect.
positive This stuff is amazing.  Sandalwood, cedar and violet all rounded out by a very smooth iris note.  One of the best fragrances I've ever smelled.
positive A beautiful sandalwood greets me from the first seconds on, and stays on. In the drydown a cedar nit arrives, and this happy marriage is what this scent is all about in my skin. The proportion of the two varies a bit over time, and in the last hours the cedar seems to grow stronger.  Not unlike Tam Dao as far as the sandalwood is concerned, but a tad less elegant.  To me the focus on the two wood notes of extraordinarily high quality is very convincing.  My exposure to Australian sandalwood has been limited, but I like it very much the way LL presents it here.  Very good silage and projection, and a splendid longevity of around seven hours.  Top stuff. 

positive First, this fragrance brought to mind oiled juniper housewares rather than the ~wild frontier~ of the colonial imagination — a nice homey scent, somewhat surprising, but enjoyable. I didn't pick up the papyrus — maybe I just don't recognize it, being a hillbilly of sorts, but it's possible that my nose just can't pick up anything beyond the wood. And this is, for me, a surprising kind of wood in the sense that it doesn't feel hard to wear or imposing. This is not a dead and dried piece of timber; this is almost a grove. I still prefer the Mysore sandalwood in my fragrance but I absolutely love what Le Labo has done with the Australian sandalwood. I keep reaching back to my sample. Worth the full bottle? Depends if you like wood. If yes, I recommend.
positive Not Bad! Cedar/Sandalwood To the Max!	Blast of cedar for sure!! There is also a fig note that reminds me of Marc jacobs fragrance from a few years back. Once again this is not Earth shattering but solid enough to add to the rotation!	I'm eager to experience the Rose for sure and few others. 
positive Starts off really raw. Like raw cedar, or saw dust. As it mellows and calms down I'm not sure if it ever takes the full quality of sandal wood, but it is a very pleasant, pleasurable woody scent. Its like sandal wood and cedar mixed together. Very desirable. 
positive My fourth le labo and I wanna start this review off by saying I only review fragrances I own, and I only review them after I get a good five uses in. That's why you'll never see a thumbs down review, cuz I'm not spending 200+ on perfume I don't like, just to trash it. With that being said, lets get to the review. When I first smelled this, I thought "I've smelled this before" but I smelled the card, left the store n didn't think much of it just thought it was business as usual for this house, trying to pass off femme scents as masculine. Days go by and I can't stop thinking about it, I have to have it. So I buy it and the first time I wear it it hits me, I know where I've smelled this before, the green car freshener that dangled from my moms caddy. This starts off as a blast of florals mixed with a lil spice and its fairly linear. I never smell cedar, but the beauty of fragrance, is that oils are sometimes infused to create a different accord. The florals in this are heavy and they dominate especially the violet. I think it's a great buy for a perfume connoisseur, it's a floral-oriental for men which is not done a lot. If you only own a couple bottles of perfume, you might wanna go another route. It's definitely unisex as a matter of fact when I get back home I'm gonna see if my wife wants to take this off my hands, amazing scent but I doubt I'm gonna get a lot of use out of it..
positive I have tested the whole Le Labo line (including the city exclusives) and this one did very well. I consider it to be the best from the regular line; and the most bottle worthy from all Le Labos as far as the uniqueness of this scent goes. The papyrus opens utterly comforting zone endorsed with truly well crafted tone of sandalwood and cedar. The scent feels dry and warming on the one hand but almost burning and arousing on the other. It took me a little while to fell in love with it but I have fallen deeply as Romeo. 

Several more things: 1)This is a masculine scent, almost an archetype of daring heroic man. 2) It can differ according to actual weather but is suitable for every season, very versatile indeed. 3) Longevity and projection is in 85% times excellent, moody in the left 15% (at least on my skin). 4) Be sure to give it a chance before damning it after first sniff – you might eventually enjoy it. 5) 10 out of 10 and one of my all time favorites!
positive A leathery cardamon gives this lightly musked, wonderfully creamy sandalwood it's unique appeal.  Uplifting in a healthy herb & cream kind of way, I get a mental picture of a delicious herbed cucumber sour cream dip at a Wisconsin supper club.  I sometimes think Santal 33 could use a bit more edge.  Creaminess in a perfume tends to round off corners. But then that's what creaminess does and what Santal 33 is supposed to be.  Pleasant to the extreme, liking and wearing Santal 33 is never anything to be ashamed of.
positive On me the opening is a sawdust & leather accord, done in a light & pleasant manner. Then over the next 20 minutes l get faint whiffs of cardamom, crisp papyrus, something almost minty, & a whisper of a floral note. Just as l'm beginning to wonder where the coconut note is that l've read about, it begins to creep in underneath the woods, & suddenly 1 hour in l realise it smells exactly like Bronze Goddess! Yes, really, that mixture of subtle, creamy coconut with the sandalwood is, l swear, a deadringer to my nose. The only difference is in the longevity; this one is still traceable on my skin after 11 hours.
This did not disappoint, but as l already own Bronze Goddess, l do not feel the need to add it to my collection. And l would say to any guy out there who loves the drydown of Santal 33; try Bronze Goddess before you shell out the big bucks for this one!
positive Santal 33 by Le Labo - One is initially treated to a somewhat rugged duo of Australian sandalwood and Russian leather. The sandalwood infuses its camphoraceous woodiness and slight nuttiness, and interplays with the saddle leather with its inherent smokiness. A faintly turpentinic element presents. Transitioning to the awaiting middle, mildly spicy cardamom infuses the spaghetti western blend with its aromatic, slightly sweet and nutty facets. A woody, violet-like iris also presents. And papyrus, with its withered grassy and light wood facets, serve as a undertone for the sweetening brew. Segueing to the waiting base, Virginia cedar, with its buttery, sweetly fresh, pencil shavings aspects, commingles with a candy-like violet. Majical ambrox imparts its velvety waves of ambergris and musk. A near saccharine drydown ensues. This high-quality composition has average, radiating projection and very good longevity. Albeit the base borders on being too sweet and artifical, I must respect the other stages of development. Resultantly, I am giving this an unenthusiastic "Thumbs Up" rating.
positive Love it! I was ready for another prentetious (and disappointing) release from the guys at LeLabo but Santal 33 is just amazing.

Opens with a transparent and very dry cardamom note joined by cedar and a light violet. Papyrus and iris follow right away adding a slightly green, sort of wet, note that's just perfect and preserves the fragrance from being too overpowering or too loud. In this phase Santal 33 introduces a moderatley sweet, subtle yet remarkable, fig/coconut accord that enhances the creamy undertones throughout while a nutty-woody sandalwood make its appearance to drive the fragrance towards the spicy-woody-ambery drydown. 

Personally I wouldn't classify this as a sandalwood prominent composition and while the main note is surely remarkable, the fragrance is so well blended and orchestrated to leave enough space to all the other elements to properly shine and play their roles.

While being definitely different, Santal 33 made me somehow think about Papyrus De Ciane, Jardins De Kerylos and Calamus (expecially just right after the opening). It doesn't exactly shares many similarities with the aforementioned fragrances but the papyrus note is not very distant from the transparent interpretation thant Guillame delivered in PDC while the fig/coconut accord is just as refined and sophisticated as the one in Jardins De Kerylos (even if definitely toned down in the LeLabo). Last but not least, I experience the same slight wet/green, sort of cardboard-like, vibe that I much enjoy in Calamus. Original, sophisticated and if moderately applied, very easy to wear. 

A big winner.

positive I wouldn’t categorize this one as a classic sandalwood scent. The sandalwood is there, but to me it isn’t the major player. This one has a very woody vibe to it, but in a different sense as to me it seems like a “bark” like note is the major player. I’m not sure how to describe it other than that as I haven’t smelled anything quite like it before. Maybe it is the ambrox. Maybe there is some guaiac wood in there, but the cedarwood isn’t really what I’m smelling. In fact I get very little cedar from this and it is this other wood note that is the major player. This one is great from start to finish and is quite strong on me. Apply with caution. 

negative Genre: Woods

I didn’t think there was anything that could make me dislike sandalwood, but the fear and loathing inspired by the shrieking monstrosity of Le Labo’s sandalwood reconstruction just might do the trick. The name “Santal 33” alludes to 33 ingredients, but 32 of those are beaten into submission by a titanic brickbat of chemical “sandalwud” that has me opening the windows and bolting for the outdoors shortly after application. This stuff should come with a warning label. 

Santal 33 suffers especially for having been sampled alongside Dawn Spencer Hurwitz’s delightful Sandalo Inspiritu. The latter has been discontinued, no doubt because the true Mysore sandalwood at its heart is near-impossible to source. Smelling Santal 33 and Sandalo Inspiritu side by side demonstrates as well  as I can imagine the relative virtues of true Mysore sandalwood and its chemical surrogates. If it’s Australian sandalwood you crave (and I enjoy the stuff myself,) go for Maître Parfumeur et Gantier’s Santal Noble. Even in its reformulated guise, Santal Noble offers complexity, richness, and dignity that Le Labo comes nowhere near. 

negative I wanted to love this, but my opinion has been swayed by those around me. I don't think I've ever had so many comments - and unfortunately all negative.

"Where's that Pine-sol smell coming from?"
"Have you been lying on a dog bed? You smell like cedar."
"What were you wearing last night? It gave me a head-ache." (And that's after wearing it all day - longevity this has, I admit.)

The stark contrast to the other opinions here made me think that there was a problem with the bottle split I have... (Maybe I should buy sampler to verify.) 


neutral I get iris, leather, sandalwood throughout the wearing as this is a very linear scent on my skin. I don't get any of the spiciness of cardemom. However, I also pick up on the slightly watery, cucumber note. You can tell that quality synthetic materials were used, but it's still hard for me to get past the obvious synthetic undertones of most of the Le Labo scents I've tried so far. The only Le Labo scents where that doesn't bother me is Patchouli 24, Labdanum 18 and Neroli 36, but I'm looking forward to testing the rest of the Le Labo samples I have. If you like iris and leather this is a scent to consider. I'm enjoying Santal 33, but I won't be needing a full bottle.
neutral On paper I smell a lot of sandalwood ("you don't say!"), cedar and herbal/balsamic accords. Really pleasant, woody as a nordic, white/grey woody house. Makes me think of one of those marketing photoshooting you can find in Ikea catalogues.

6/10
neutral Another unexpected development for a Le Labo concoction and have to say that the surprise was notable for me. This is above all an intoxicating, than powdery and finally silky fragrance in my vocabulary, a sort of prickly amber-saffron-dusty papyrus-talky violet-powdery woods (sandalwood and cedarwood) concoction conjuring me at the beginning some more sweety fragrances as Le Male (more watery, musky, soapy and bombastic) and Escada Magnetism for Men (which with Santal 33 shares amber, leather, pepper, sandalwood, cedarwood and other elements) but in a far more natural way (despite an obscure touch of medicinal here at the beginning of the trip). The general powder is velvety, silky, vaguely shadowy and with nuances of musk, nuts, smooth iris, violets, paper, figs (i effectively detect a sort of almost acid smell of figgy resins) and suede. There is ergo something almost tropical in the blend, a sort of figgy, gingery, aromatic, grassy, "seaweeds type" and milky (lymphatic milk i mean) resinous touch conjuring in a while (becoming the smell progressively more elusive) juices a la Salvatore Ferragamo Pour Homme, Battistoni Marte Arte or Costume National Homme (but in a dustier way). Anyway, effectively the main aroma of the powder is a molecular sandalwood surrounded by dozens of swirling nuances some of which are woody, some spicy, others ambery, edible, soapy, floral and botanic. Really enveloping ambery/figgy chypre concretely modern and youthful, in my opinion possibly appealing to the younger crowd.
neutral I really have always wanted to like this, and I'm enthused reading other reviews about how busy this scent is. I've worn it off and on, but I find this scent hard to place. Sometimes I like it, other times I want it to go away. I suspect that papyrus is what I'm picking up most, but I don't know that scent and I find it difficult to specifically pick out anything else over time. It seems a bit woody/herby and dry on me. It does last a long time and has decent projection, however.

I still try this out regularly, particularly in the warmer months, because I still really want to like it.
neutral Frank Voelkl's Santal 33 has two principal accords: an altostratus of violet, iris and cardamom, and this hovering above a groundwork of sandalwood, papyrus and cedar. The violet cloud is mellow and Ambroxan-sweetened; the woodland beneath is dry and pungent, being Australian – rather than Indian – sandal. In between lies a strange, fruity-creamy ether of black tea, desiccated coconut, leafy sap, fresh figs, and all manner of notes that are likely an unfortunate side effect of this loss in altitude. 

I gave up trying to reconcile its distinct layers long ago. For preference, I'd plant my feet firmly on the ground and breathe in the leather-bound book accord. However I spend most of the time trying not to be made queasy by the ozonic, uncomfortably sweet violet – which, unfortunately, is backed by some hardcore musks and far outlives the cracking leather effect. 

This stuff is easy to wear, but I wish I could subtract about half of its 33 constituent parts.
