positive I bought this one based on the notes...not the reviews. Got it dirt cheap. I could care less what the general public thinks.

This one is a winner. Smells warm, rich and masculine. It works in any situation. About as good as a men's fragrance can get. 
positive Beautiful beautiful boozy slightly spicy cinnamon on tobacco and some leather or resins. Very soft, sweet-ish, but in a nice and comforting way. Not very masculine to my nose, seems very suitable for a woman. I like how spices mingle with sweetness and booze, this feels and smells like Friday or winter holidays to me - Christmas in a bottle indeed. Would wear again and again and again. Unfortunately, longevity is very short on me - after 2 hours it's only a faint skin scent, after 2,5 hours it's almost completely gone.
positive Burberry as a fashion brand sticks painfully close to their conservative pastiche of all things British to the point that you just feel the "Proper English" rolling off the brand's clothing without even knowing the name. Likewise, one sniff of most masculine perfumes made by the house up until the release of Burberry London for Men (2006) communicated the same stiff feeling. Antoine Maisondieu had slowly been pushing boundaries within the this context when he made the violet-led Burberry Touch for Men (2000), then snuck in a little bit of rose to the otherwise prim Burberry Brit for Men (2004), but when Maisondieu composed Burberry London for Men, all dandyish or structured posturing was tossed aside for an earthly and fundamental kind of masculinity that Burberry wasn't exactly known for and still really isn't. Burberry London for Men is a tobacco fragrance at its core, a flavored pipe tobacco one with hints of Earl Grey tea to be exact, and brings home the feeling of old smoking rooms where Victorian men of importance blustered and rumbled their way through overgrown mustaches and woolly eyebrows discussing business. Burberry London is an altogether burlier and less-refined vibe than all the pale-skinned Y2K "dour and gray" Neo-Traditionalism-Chic hubbub that was getting the green light from Burberry before it came long, and is probably my favorite masculine of the house. Tobacco scents were all the rage in the 2000's as the darker, richer alternative to all the clean aquatic blue and fresh fougère things clogging up the shelves since the 90's. Tobacco really got a good revival in the 90's with scents from Italian houses like Dolce & Gabbana Pour Homme (1994) and Versace the Dreamer (1996), but had a slow uptick in interest just like gourmands as other 90's genres like the ozonic died away before the mid-2000's. By the time Burberry London for Men rolled along, tobacco was in full-swing and would carry on to a lesser extent through into the 2010's as well, meaning Burberry London was just the right scent at just the right time.

Burberry London for Men opens with a really rich Earl Grey tea vibe right off the bat, carried out by bergamot, black tea, and English lavender. There is some cinnamon here and black pepper to make it appropriately gourmand in style (as per the fashion of the decade), but merging with the Earl Grey opening is the main tobacco accord, giving Burberry London for Men a countenance that puts it right at home around a fireplace in mid-winter, or a Christmas gathering with family. Many guys with experience using Burberry London for Men often call it "Christmas in a Bottle" and for good reason, but I feel this aesthetic works well in fall or cool early spring as well. The heart of chypre-like leather is flanked by mimosa flower and all its honeyed sweetness, mixing with a port wine note that is the cause of the "cherry" effect on the tobacco. By this middle phase, I am getting big recollections of Révillon French Line (1984) with it's "cherry leather" accord afforded by rose and coconut, but here created with the port wine, leather, and mimosa flower instead. The tobacco is there from start to finish, and by the time we actually reach it loud and clear in the base, the rest of Burberry London for Men has simmered down leaving just that "cherry tobacco" feeling. Opoponax adds an incense-like sharpness in the base alongside guaiac wood, but the smooth tobacco and oakmoss assisted by a slight hint of tonka keep Burberry London for Men from ever being harsh. The overall effect is hours of that rich and sweet spicy tobacco leaf and wood, warmed over a soft leather that remains utterly masculine and inviting. Yeah, there is a bit of stodginess in the mix, but it wouldn't be a Burberry if there wasn't, and the feeling one gets when wearing Burberry London for Men is a feeling of comfort. Burberry London can get suffocating in hot or humid conditions, so this is strictly for cold or dry weather, and casual use since it has no seriousness outside it's recollection of olden days. Wear time is easily over 8 hours but sillage is not wide, with Burberry London for Men behaving more like an eau de parfum with a tight concentrated envelope of smell mostly for the wearer to enjoy. 

Mature men will likely love Burberry London for Men, and that very well may be the market Burberry was after with it, considering the bottle is even adorned with a tartan pattern sweater. It doesn't get much more cozy than this folks. Fans of either Earl Grey tea or flavored pipe tobacco will love Burberry London, and getting to have them both mingle on skin simultaneously is an even bigger treat. Burberry tried playing the Calvin Klein game of seasonal special editions for several of its lines in the 2000's, with Burberry London for Men receiving two such limited variants on the original theme, but neither are worth pursuing, considering how expensive tracking down limited editions years after their release can be. Burberry London for Men itself is so good, that anyone digging other tobacco fragrances like Calvin Klein cK One Shock for Him (2011), Jacomo Aura Men (2000), Vera Wang for Men (2004), or anything in this relative ballpark can almost blind buy Burberry London for Men and expect greatness. I normally don't recommend such leaps of faith, but only under the pretense that one is well-versed in the genre at the designer price point, would I say that Burberry London for Men is a safe blind purchase. Easily the best of Antoine Maisondieu's masculine work for the house, and maybe the best masculine from the house period, Burberry for Men is an essential for winter time and must-smell otherwise. This was instantly likeable for me, and my only bit of caution here is for people either on the fence about gourmands or tobacco scents, as this is literally both genres fused together, and not for people who don't like sweetness, food notes, or heavy tobacco in their perfume. After the release of Burberry London for Men, Burberry masculines more or less fell back into the same boring trap they were in beforehand. Oh, and just for the record, some older variants of Burberry for Men (1995) also carried the title "Burberry London" before this scent debuted, but that's another story. Two Thumbs straight up!
positive This fragrance along with Thierry Mugler Amen made me learn two Important lessons:

1) Never judge a fragrance in one wearing.
2) Fragrances smell different in different climates.

I tried Burberry London back home in India. It was summer time and London smelt very very cloying and medicinal. I rejected it there and then.


Fast Forward a few years.... I am now in Canada, Toronto. Its Christmas time with sub zero temperatures. I tried Burberry London today and it seems simply amazing. "Christmas in a Bottle" couldn't agree more. Its an amazing scent which does invoke the memories of the Christmas Season, of precious Christmas memories from the years gone by.

Such a happy and Joyous Scent strictly meant for the Cold Weather.

Highly Recommended.....
positive An absolute bargain for fall and winter, the fragrance has a lot of notes listed but mostly I get pine and tobacco with some spices and a bit of lavender. There is something making the whole composition slightly sweet which I enjoy in colder months..as reviewer's say it really is Christmas in a bottle. The other thing that makes this a special fragrance is the expert blending of so many ingredients, this has been created with a careful nose, you never feel like one ingredient is over added, a really well balanced winter treat. Performance is average but can be helped with extra applying and spraying clothes. The only negative for me is the piece of material they put around the bottle that gathers dirt and constantly moves..easy to take off tho like I did.
positive The opening of this one made me want to buy it directly. But the dry down was completely different and projecting too manly for a young woman like me. 
positive I go to my aunt Sue's house for Thanksgiving dinner. Her husband Bob runs a craft store out of their home. I wear my plaid flannel because they have a strict dress code at my aunt's house on Thanksgiving. Smooth jazz covers of PBS show theme songs fill the air. My cousin Jake does a shot of mulling spices and chases it by chugging a half-gallon of apple cider. Someone hands me a cinnamon pine cone from one of Bob's baskets and I lick it without thinking. Uncle Gary forgets to light his pipe and instead pretends it's a saxophone and plays along to the PBS songs. Someone spills the dish of toasted almonds. Everyone decides to hold Christmas instead of Thanksgiving, so we switch to eggnog. Then we switch to red wine. I pass out in a plaid wool blanket on a leather couch. It's the best night of my life.
positive I love this scent. Perfect cold weather scent. Spice, tobacco, leather, woods. Very pleasing and easy to wear. Gets tons of complements whenever I put it on. Can't go wrong with this one. Great price point to boot.
positive Warm, Earthy, Spicy.

Will forever be associated with fall colors and cooler weather later in the year, as it's been my casual signature scent for the past two fall seasons. Difficult too because I whitetail hunt that time of year and I really shouldn't be smelling like anything but it still gets the attention it deserves. The combination of cinnamon/nutmeg and that earthy undertone is really superb. 

It's another one of those scents that smells knockout awesome but doesn't last more than an hour (Black Walnut, Millesime Imperial). Great thing its found cheap and easily though because you'll need about 12 sprays throughout the day. 
positive Burberry London is a great scent. It's sweet and spicy. It's a warm scent. Imagine yourself in front of a fireplace smoking tobacco, your cinnamon and orange cookies next to you. 
It's dry down is sweet. 
Scent 
09/10
Longevity 
06/10
Sillage 
06/10

Great Christmas and Fall Scent. 
positive As warm as a wool-lined Burberry trench, this is a wonderful winter scent, truly evoking the scents of Christmas as so many have noted.  Burberry London creates a Christmas where pipes are being smoked by fires in paneled rooms, with booze and fruit and mince pies on the groaning sideboard and a freshly cut fir decorated in its holiday finery.  It is a romanticized Christmas, to be sure, but a warm and happy scent nonetheless.  The best thing that I have smelled from this house since its original men's fragrance so long ago.  While I tend to wear it in the winter during the holiday season, this would be an excellent way to bring the festive season with you all throughout the year.
positive I've had samples of this laying around, for quite some time.  I'm glad I finally tried it.  I love the way this smells on me.  Slightly sweet and spicy, I could wear this all day.

I don't detect any cinnamon leaf here.  The spiciness for me is the combination of opoponax, lavender, bergamot, and mimosa.  Yet, these blend into a sweet tobacco smoke with an undertone of leather and wood.  

It's just darn pleasant for me.  It's a smile in a bottle.  It doesn't come off as inexpensive even though one can buy this for next to nothing.
positive Got a sample to see if Burberry London could be my new Fall scent.  Like many have said--and I agree, BL is "Christmas in a bottle."  The scent is pleasant and smells of pine needles, sweet spices, and woods.  For me, the leather note is not very prominent, but picking out notes is not my strong suit.   

Though BL smells delightful, it flounders in versatility and performance.  BL is a cool weather fragrance only.   In fact, because of the close association of its pine needles and cinnamon notes with Thanksgiving and Christmas, the fragrance's use might be best limited to November and December only.   Performance, likewise, is not great.  At best you can expect little more than an hour of projection and a few hours longevity.   

All in all, despite its apparent limited use and mild performance, BL grows on you and is worth having in your collection.  There really is no other fragrance quite like it.

Also, on a very personal note, my wife seems to like it a lot.  Of my 30+ bottles, she has only really liked Sauvage, so her approval of BL is newsworthy (at least for me).    

Scent 8/10
Longevity 4/10
Projection 5/10

positive Definitely unlike the original Burberry London (classic) for men, this is completely new take that only shares the "London" name but has a wildly daring, different composition. This one is fresh, shimmering with several notes over time, leaving you wondering what's to come but not with dread.  I actually can sense the port wine and mimosa notes in it, unique and interesting!  Must test out first before buying: It's not like the linear, citrus original and may not suit all tastes or moods.
positive My favorite holiday scent, reached for often then and rarely during the rest of the year. Its a somewhat gourmand tart and sweet winner that I wouldn't be without. My juice is current. It reminds me of several aspects of Burberry for men (which I also favor) with the added effect of strong olfactory association with the holidays, most notably Christmas. 
positive At under $30, Burberry London is perhaps the most outstanding value in men's fragrance. You can purchase a tester or 1.7 for even less which is an absolute steal! Very high quality designer - rich, natural scent with good performance. I would describe it as a sweet woody tobacco lavender fragrance. Smells of tobacco, wood, and wine give it a warm, comforting feel. Almost a must have for the 4th quarter of the year. It is indeed a classic and I would add sexy and elegant too. For it's price Burberry London has to receive a 10/10 and might be the closest thing to a true blind buy!  
positive I received my Burberry London EDT and aftershave emulsion. Mmmm....so very nice! I wore it yesterday and it was superb! I was surprised by how much it reminded me of Chesapeake Bay Spyce Cologne, which is a good thing. But the Burberry London has far superior longevity and sillage compared to the Chesapeake Bay. Burberry London also has a sweeter vibe as well. Wow, I just enjoyed being enveloped in this excellent, manly fragrance all day yesterday. This is the first Burberry fragrance I've liked, and I really like it. I would highly recommend Burberry London if you want a solid, enjoyable high class gentleman's scent. I feel like this wears well in summer and winter. I know many could disagree with this, but I was very comfortable on a hot summer day yesterday and felt it was warm, but also fresh enough to wear well in the heat.
positive This was for a long time my signature scent. Both men and women and others loved it on me, and I loved it too. People were quite surprised I wore a male perfume (shocking, right). Now it holds too many teenage/growing-up memories that I had to let it go. My bonus-son is rocking my old bottle nowadays, specially in fall in winter (he says it smells like our northern Christmas eve).

For me this is a year-round-one, reminds me of my home. Pine trees and blueberry bushes in late summer. A harsh but romantic scenery. 

I could definitely detect oak moss, tobacco, black pepper, and bergamot. It opens up citrusy and develops beautifully during the wear, specially the port wine comes out after a few hours. I could detect it the morning after, which suited me well back then. Sillage is moderate with just two sprays.

Raw but very sophisticated. Will forever be one of my favorites! 
positive Truly outstanding. The metropolitan brother of Terre d'Hermès. Earthy, dark, natural, relaxed. Like a city park after the rain. My only complaint is the longevity - I wish it lasted all winter.
positive One of the few Burberry scents that I like.  It is a gentlemans scent.... more suit and tie than shorts a flip flops for sure.  Lots of cinnamon, leather, tobacco and wood notes.  Good longevity on me 7 to 8 hours with 3 sprays nice projection for about half that time.  Well done scent but nothing "different".  For the price get a bottle and try it out.... Enjoy!
positive Off the bat this is probably the most natural scent I own or have even tried. My nose picks up the tobacco on a subtle level. There is a very distinctive green note that gives Burberry London an earthy quality and makes the fragrance very 'genuine'. This is in my opinion a high quality perfume from Burberry which wouldn't be out of place in the niche category. It just smells like time and effort went into it. I am very happy to add this to my collection and it is fast becoming a favourite of mine. Thumbs up.
positive Very impressed with Burberry London. Was expecting something gourmand-ish but instead I get a tobacco/gentlemen's drink vibe that is really so good, I question if I can wear this year round so I can enjoy it more.  It seems to be light enough in projection but I am wary of wearing in warmer weather due to its dark elements.
positive Very nice scent IMO. Average longevity on me, but very mild projection after a couple hours. Which is just fine with me, because this is probably not the type of scent that you would want to be a huge projector. Perfect for you and those close enough to enjoy your scent aura.:) 

It definitely reminds me of the holidays...like late fall around Thanksgiving time. Lovely and unique port wine note mixed with the tobacco and spices...great designer release!
positive Salutation.

My advice to you this is never miss chance acquaintance with a new fragrance though if You dont like it brand because i am not lover BURBERRY fragrances style but indeed LONDON is a exclusion However it gives me Headache!

At a just scrutiny this masculine EDT is Attractive and Wonderful.Deep and Smoky.Starts Strong&Spicy a loud fragrance and pretty ordinary too but the change is Dramatic in Middle/Base notes as it is for me the most interesting part this one.The base is Warm and Extremely Woody due to Tobacco and guaiac wood.

LONDON is Heat in the middle of Winter.It is strong seduce enough to be wear during Evening out.Perfect for wearning it with a Leather Coat.Great for a Smart man who likes to feel Wonderful and Bold Then i recommend 100% to test before buy!

Sillage?A huge Sillage will be your partner during night.

Longevity?Above average on my skin.

7/10

negative Burberry London follows closely in the footsteps of Remy Latour Cigar, trading the tropical fruit for spices. They're both, in current form, equally synthetic, though Latour Cigar boasts the better blend; Burberry London feels a bit thin throughout, and is really only diverting for its opening few minutes.

It's not terrible, but it's hard to recommend when there are so many better options in its lane.
negative Edit: Do not buy this anymore!
I am shocked and saddened at the moment.
This fragrance would be the closest thing that i have to a signature scent. I have just finished my original 2007 bottle and my new one has arrived and they are NOTHING alike. I wouldn't even call the new bottle a shadow of the original. It is watered down to the point of being unrecognizable. The stong port smell is gone. The deep dark spices, vanished. This now smells like a $5 cologne. The original put some of my EDPs to shame. How can perfumeries get away with this. I hope this review stops people from making the same mistake i just have. :(
I liken what they have done to this once top scent to bathing a picaso in paint thinners, it makes me sad.


A glass of port on the table.
A steaming warm spicy Christmas pudding in front of you.
A freshly cut Christmas tree in the corner of the room.
Your grandpa's freshly opened pouch of pipe tobacco sitting on the counter behind you.

Bottle the above and you have Burberry London.
negative It is not easy to get cinnamon right. Le male, one million and Burberry London all got it wrong. It is too much and overpowering. I cant stand any of these overpowering cinnamon perfumes. If you want to see how to do it right check out Comme des Garçons Parfum.
Unfortunate because otherwise London is a nice frag. And if you like powerful cinnamon go for it

neutral I often hear "Christmas in a bottle"  I feel like it is "Autumn in a bottle"  It misses the pine of Christmas.  It smells great.  Mulled spicy tobbaco leather.  Smell is great.  As a functional fragrance it misses the mark.  The main problem being longevity.  It is one of the quicker fading quality designers.  Also, the plaid sleeve on this bottle is ugly and unwieldy.  It is one fragrance that I hope gets reformulated someday to address the issues.  Almost smells good enough to own though.  Neutral. 
neutral It's an enjoyable tobacco fragrance but has very few notes.Smells like a natural cinnamon cased pipe tobacco with hints of leather and cherry wine note.Unfortunately it doesn't remind me of a port...reminds of Night Train which is a cherry flavored bum wine.A cheap drink that that was found in any rural area gas station and the strongest buzz you could get since the closest liquor store was at least 70 miles away. 

The cherry note isn't depressing as it fits to the holiday and winter feel of Burberry London...it's the wine part and the familiar cherry combined.It's Christmas Eve and mom is sprinkling cinnamon on a mince fruit pie she just baked.Dad is found in the living room passed out,slouched in his leather chair and just finished his pipe.Beside his pipe on the side table you see a partial bottle of Night Train and an envelope.It's a foreclosure notice from the bank on the farmhouse...Merry Christmas.

Aside from how this fragrance rubs one on it's winter and Christmas memories...It's pretty stripped down in notes and in projection it starts out decent and goes to low.By the 6th hour I can't even smell it on me.Burberry London used to be pretty expensive which I would have gave it a thumb-downs easily at it's $55-$60 price tag for a 3.3oz bottle years ago.I waited until it was acquirable at the $30-$35 price range and blind-bought it.It's a mixed recommendation.
neutral I tried this about a month ago in the middle of winter and liked it. I was just getting into fragrances at the time. Tried again recently (late winter/early spring) and wasn't as impressed. Perhaps my change of heart is due to the weather turning, but with a few dozen additional fragrances under my belt, I think my taste is evolving, as well.  

London is a fairly linear spicey/sweet tobacco-centric fragrance. Not a huge fan of tobacco notes, in general, and this one, while not bad, just isn't for me. I picked up a lot more of it on my second wear. If I were searching for a cool-weather masculine designer fragrance with a tobacco note (I'm not), I'd go with something like John Varvatos Vintage. It costs more, yes, but it's more versatile. 

No problem whatsoever with performance with London. Lasts as long (6-8 hrs) and projects as much (slight to moderate) as I want in this type of fragrance. 

Overall, London is better than average, but only just. 

6/10
positive London is one of my favorite formulations of the sweet tobacco fragrance.  With a sharp opening of citrus, cinnamon, and pepper, it is anchored by the tobacco, leather, and an indistinct sweetness, perhaps vanilla or the guaiac wood.   It sweetens and mellows in the dry down but maintains the same character (spicy, sweet tobacco) throughout its lifespan.

It is primarily a cold weather scent, but works well from day to night, given that it's not seductive enough to be for the night nor fresh enough to be for the day, strictly.  And while it is pungent, it's no so overpowering that it might not be able to work in the summer, but it's certainly more a mainstay in the winter.  Some reviewers offer that it reminds them of Christmas and winter holidays, and while it certainly works for special occasions, it's still quite versatile.

London has great projection and longevity (I get 8+ hours) for an EDT and is very affordable at under $30 for 50ml, slightly over $30 for 100ml.  This strikes me as a departure from most of Burberry's fragrances, of which I'm rarely a fan.

This needs to be tried by those who haven't, especially given how easy it is to own a bottle.

8 out of 10
positive Despite I highly respect their fashion side, I’ve never really been a fan of Burberry fragrances. London and Touch are basically the only ones I consider worth trying and/or having, and especially London. I am much of a fan of Antoine Maisondieu, and if you like him too, London is surely one not to miss. The notes may seem “conventional”, but the result is well distinctive and peculiar. It opens with a really nice and sophisticated sort of crisp, greenish, herbal tobacco accord rounded by a fantastic and really recognizable note of mimosa (that sort of warm “pollen” feel), and an equally unusual frame of notes ranging from slightly honeyed-fruity, to ambery (“ambroxan-ish”, actually), resinous-sweet and slightly floral, all topped with a sprinkle of spices; quite complex if you ask me, but it works just perfectly. Leather is listed, but you’ll have to dig for it, and it’s the usual sort of contemporary leather – subtle, clean, “polished” leather. Shortly it’s a sort of thin, quite discreet and really clean “contemporary herbal-Oriental” scent revolving around tobacco with a sprinkle of color around it - from greenish, to spicy, to that fruiy-resinous-floral stuff. It has a sort of  “niche” vibe, it smells creative and quite different from the usual mainstream paths, and the quality seems really good to my nose. The evolution is funny; the opening is quite bold and intriguing, then it looks like disappearing from your skin for a while, then it “arises” back again with a persistent and cozy drydown mostly comprising tobacco, leather and dusty-incense amber, still with a “manly” floral-honeyed nuance. Worth having for me; it isn’t a masterpiece but it smells good, classy, distinctive, rather “young” (in a positive meaning), much discreet but with a solid sillage, “contemporary” and with that sort of transparent, crisp cleanness that characterizes Maisondieu’s style. Well worth the cheap price.

7,5/10

positive This is the only Burberry I could wear thanks in part to Antoine Maisondieu. A great perfumer does a competent and memorable perfume for a less than average designer house. A bit thin and bare at times but you can see some great DNA and pre-structure elements in it from such other compositions as CdG's Black, Tom Ford's Velvet Orchid, and ELd'O's Vraie Blonde. The general public could do a LOT worse.
positive Burberry London is my go to office scent from November through February.   As others have stated, BL is an excellent choice for the Christmas holidays, but I wear it throughout the colder and rainy months in the southern United States.  I wouldn't consider it for a hot or summery day, simply because the scent does evoke a holiday or winter feel.

To me the scent seems very pine - herbal centric, with excellent longevity and mild projection.  I always get compliments and questions about my fragrance when I wear it and keep it in my rotation in the Fall-Winter season.
positive Light, warm, spicy scent...

Burberry London comes across as a light, spicy, oriental scent that if perfect for a gentleman. It has all the characteristics of a "serious" or refined masculine fragrance.

I like it. I also like that it's inspired by a city which I live in (London). Although I think this better represents someone's "idea" of London rather than the city itself. Like an old gentlemen's club. It's boozy, spicy, smoky etc. Like the classic Burberry winter coats, this feels like a cold weather, very English kind of scent.

It opens with a crisp, aromatic mix of port wine, cinnamon leaf and lavender. It's spicy and cooling at the same time, before an aromatic warmth starts to shine through. The guaiac wood makes an appearance and gives it a nice touch. I really like it. I think the leather and tobacco combination is what is special here... and it's what gives it the "old English gentlemen's club" vibe. I also think that this one is a great winter scent. Really great for Spring and Autumn too. I guess this could also be worn on summer nights, but never in the heat of day in my opinion. I think a lot of people would pick up on the autumnal vibe here in the sense that it smells like the trees and leaves smell when the weather starts to get cooler. This also reminds me of the smell of "mulled wine" around Christmas. With the herbs & spices and the boozy aroma. I think this would be great worn at that time. In terms of gender, although this is has a classic "gentleman" vibe, I suspect a daring type of woman could also wear this, and it's light enough not to offend anyone in any situation, as it's very warm and cosy (very lovable). It's an all round great choice for Spring, Autumn, and Winter. I recommend it mostly for those months.
positive Very nice.

On the opening there was some pine and almost like a mulled wine note, there's also some cherry coke in there too, together with a slight herbal tinge.

After drying down I have a very nice marzipan mixed with a little honey and the tiniest hint of cinnamon spiced apples.

Sillage is a little low, it's more of a skin scent, but it is great.

Perfect winter and christmas scent.
positive While I do think this one can stand on its own as simply a very nice fragrance in general, it really does live up to its common "Christmas In A Bottle" nickname/description.  So fitting for that season, yet so much more dignified than the themed necktie.  I have to admit, while I find myself wanting to wear it, I almost feel like I'm jumping to gun to put it on too early before the Christmas season - like when the Christmas marketing starts around Halloween or Thanksgiving and people (rightly so) shake their heads, that's the hesitation I feel with this one, though I should offer that I think that's just me and something in my head.

I'd just like to add, for anyone who had sensitivity to pine needles....  I've always found that being around pine trees tends to give me headaches and sometimes makes me sneeze.  I have yet to experience that aversion to a pine note in a fragrance/cologne.  So for anyone with similar sensitivities who might therefore be inclined to dismiss any fragrance with a pine note, I'd offer that they're actually among my favorites despite my sensitivity to real pine, I experience no aversion, and I'd humbly recommend that while caution makes sense, by all means go to a store and at least give it a sniff on a piece of paper.  You may find that, like myself, you were unnecessarily depriving yourself of some fragrances that you'll really enjoy.
positive What would I do without London in autumn/winter/christmas time? Honestly, I don't know any fragrance that conveys the feeling of cold and wet weather better than this one. I would never wear this in spring and summer. It's a winter scent, maybe the best. Even though it's quite cheap, nobody seems to wear this - at least not in my area. 

It has a sexy and elegant vibe to it, smells like a combo of cherries, pine and leather. Most women absolutely adore it but it's true for what has been mentioned - longevity is rather average, sillage terrible. I sticks 4-5 hours on my skin (which is ok) but after ~30mins, it doesn't really project farther than 20cm from my body (I carry a small sample of it with me most of the time). But those first 30 minutes are so awesome, I just have to like it. Wonderful scent!
positive Fabulous tobacco and spices fragrance.  In the top 5 of spicy fragrances in the world.
positive This scent makes u feel like ur walking thru a pine forest... the opening is green and very fresh. It is perfect for spring/summer and is a nice work scent.

Pros: Opening is fresh and not too herbal/grassy

Cons: Longevity. IMHO, I don't get to smell the heart and dry down of this fragrance. It sits too close to my skin and goes un-noticed after the 2 hr mark.
positive I am taking advantage of the South Florida winter to wear Burberry London. This fragrance is one of my top favorites. It is sophisticated and elegant. The tobacco and lavender notes are exquisite. I put it on in the morning and in the evening I can still smell it. I get lots of compliments when I wear Burberry London.    
positive Add me to the list of people who say that reminds them of the Thanksgiving/Christmas holidays. This is nearly a signature for me November 1 - December 31/January 1. I honestly wouldn't want to wear it any other time of year.

Unfortunately, I have to agree with everyone regarding the longevity and projection. It's decent for the first half an hour to an hour, but after that it seems to start losing its luster fairly quickly. Can't even detect it after 3 hours unless I sniff my shirt. Maybe others can smell it more on me after that, but I can't. That's a disappointment, but given how wonderful it smells, especially for the purposes I use it for, and how cheaply it can be bought through Fragrancenet the longevity and projection issues are an annoyance I can tolerate.

Tentative thumbs up.
positive London in December.  That is exactly what this smells like.  Spicy and fruity with some leather to back it all up. Smells wonderful... for about a full 2 hours.  If London lasted longer it would probably be my #2 cologne, however its relegated to certain occasions only because it simply can't be an everyday scent unless you have a 2 gallon jug of the stuff.  
positive Burberry LondonI have been wearing this cologne for more than a year now maybe 3 times a week. I spray it once on my wrists and spread it around my neck which helps the projection and longevity as opposed to when any cologne is sprayed on clothing. In my opinion, it is a very "loud" scent at the opening so I spray it about half an hour before going out because I fear it may be obnoxious for some people. That being said, I have gotten many compliments and the word that is most used to describe it is spicy. I prefer to wear scents to where people can smell them while being a two feet away from me.I don't want to go into the individual notes because that information is already available. For me, Burberry London gives me exactly what I want. The spiciness catches peoples attention and the projection simmers down to a point where I can be confident that the fragrance isn't disturbing everyone around me.If you want everyone to notice how good you smell, you're going to have to spray it within 10 minutes of seeing your target audience. If you want to wear a good cologne that you can call you own, gives you confidence, and isn't too invasive on the nostrils, Burberry London is a good choice.Pros: Makes a statementCons: May be too strong for some people"
positive review by stefly321	Bought this as a blind buy and agree that it does have a pipe tobacco and wine sort of smell. Would be best used in colder months. After the drydown it is quite pleasant and longevity is pretty good. 
positive I'm not really sure what to think about all the longevity and projection issues.

For me, it last just as long as other fragrances and I get wiffs of it throughout the day, so I think the projection and longevity is as good as any other fragrance if not better.

as far as the scent goes. Very unique, awesome cold weather fragrance. Only issue is that its probably not the best thing to wear in warm climates but I absolutely love the scent.


positive I really like this one.  It smells like Christmas...Evergreen tree, spices, There is no pine listed but it does smell like it.  Trouble is, like others have noted, there is little longevity.
positive Burberry London immediately grabs you with its combination of sweet port wine, cinnamon and nutmeg spice, and its starring dark guaiac wood and tobacco duo that is quite sweet and moist like the tobacco came out of a newly unsealed pipe tobacco pouch and placed in a fine pipe.  Projection is average and longevity above average. 

While Burberry London for Men's composition is quite sound and is often associated with the smells one encounters on Christmas Day, I find it has been outdone by niche scents like Clive Christian X for Men (albeit at a much, much higher cost) and reasonably priced high-end designer scents like Ropion's great Costume National Homme.  The bottom line is Burberry London for Men is a great value and well-deserving of its "very good" 3.5 star out of 5 rating, but its limited usefulness coupled with other more versatile spicy scents surpassing it has led to it finally being jettisoned from my collection. It's cheap quality sprayer breaking today despite many years of non or one day use must be a sign it is time to move on...
positive The overall scent makes up for the spotty projection and longevity.  I occasionally get a great wearing from this fragrance, but more times than not I need to apply more within a short time span.  The scent is very unique and fantastic in my opinion.  The tobacco leaf note is the note that stands out for this fragrance.  It's almost like a fruity tobacco scent that is great for the winter.

8.8/10

negative A sharp, cloying, sweet green tobacco leaf pong that doesn't evolve much.  Atrocious.
negative London is all about the top notes, since it doesn't last more than an hour, and while I was initially impressed by them due to their uniqueness, after a few wears my opinion has changed.

On first spray London is a weird pine and vodka combination- strong and causing instant nostril-flare inducing. 

After a few minutes some cherry and lavender are introduced to the mix, creating a sweet/alcoholic/syrup with a wisp of nut/wood.

I know it's popular here, but I don't like it.
negative On paper, this looks like Autumn bottled.  Port wine, black pepper, leather, cinnamon leaves, tobacco, etc.  Then I sprayed some on.  Gigantic wine note, subtle black pepper, touch of cinnamon, and then...nothing.  All in the space of 30 minutes.  Sprayed some on my shirt and think it lasted 5 minutes (35 total for those keeping track) longer.  Unbelievably short-lived.  If Burberry ever put a longer lasting version, I'd be the first in line.  Until then, this one's a fail, epically so.  

3/10 

neutral Burberry London is probably one of the very few fragrances from this line to deserve some attention and, despite being far from what I generally consider a standout (probably a matter of personal tastes here), it's surely decent.

A bright citrus / yellow floral opening that's definitely modern and pretty nicely exectuted. On the other side though, it immediately shows a certain high-pitched quality that's typical of way too many mall type of fragrances. I'm generally a big fan of Antoine Maisondieu but I usually prefer his less mainstream stuff such as most of the fragrances he delivered for Etat Libre D'Orange. The fragrance then turns into a lavender-infused, sweet tobacco / amber base that could have easily been a whatever of the latest Dior famenines of a minor Chanel aimed at younger crowds.

All in all, this is a solidly done fragrance but neither as creative as Maisondieu can get nor particularly to my tastes. Ok.


neutral I used to be a huge fan of this fragrance until not that long ago. Really enjoyed it last winter and also wore it during the warmer seasons. But as my experiences advanced and my personal fragrance arsenal expanded I have found this scent marginalized. The problem is that I have started picking up this slightly nauseating note in Burberry London that kinda ruined it for me. Not sure exactly what it is but it makes it difficult to tolerate this fragrance. This almost headache inducing property leads me to suspect that London is not the most "natural" composition out there. But there really shouldn't be any surprises in that regard, either... 
neutral Decent fragrance.  Nothing groundbreaking IMO. A lot of cinnamon with  pepper and a touch of leather. OK fragrance. 6.5/10
neutral Genre: Woody Oriental

London’s smooth, spicy opening develops into a sweet woody oriental accord, something akin to  Boucheron’s Jaïpur Homme or YSL's Body Kouros, but not as good. By that I mean the Boucheron’s and YSL's deeper, richer, more complex spiced vanilla- anise tonka bean accords leave London smelling scrawny, stingy, and artificial by comparison. (Especially so in Jaïpur’s EdP formula.) 

On top of that, London pretty much goes to pot in its early-arriving drydown, which is nondescript sweet vanillic woods. It’s adequate, but no more. I don’t smell half the notes in the scent pyramid above - no leather, no tobacco, no “port wine,” and certainly no moss – only mimosa (heliotropin), cinnamon, something vanillic, and weak opopanax

I understand why this is a popular scent: like Armani Code, Geir, or Platinum Egoïste, it smells pleasant and inoffensive. Fine if that’s what you’re after, but for more or less the same money, I’d go for something like Jaïpur Homme or Body Kouros. They pretty much do what London does, but at least twice as well. Wear London and you’ll smell “nice.” Wear Jaïpur Homme or Body Kouros and you’ll smell distinguished.

neutral The initial blast of tobacco, lavender, bergamot and the a wine-note is very nice, but then, after about half an hour it disappears, very close to my skin, into a dull and generic base that lasts another ninety minutes or so.  Great start but then disappointing. 
neutral As many others have said, fantastic scent with so-so projection and poor longevity. Scent is pretty much Christmas in a bottle - a woody (pine), tobacco scent that is especially great for colder weather. 10/10 for scent.

Unfortunately the projection isn't the best, and the longevity is downright bad - pretty much disappears within an hour or two. Really a shame given how lovely the scent is, but the only way to get any real mileage out of the scent is to reapply 5 or 6 times a day. Thumbs up for the scent, neutral on projection, thumbs down on longevity.....so everything taken together I'll go down the middle on this one. 

If they ever make even a 4-6 hour version with better projection, it'll be a thumbs way up.
neutral Wish I could go either way with this one... Mad that it lasts for a couple minutes then doesn't exist anymore but I love those 8 to 10 minutes it lasts. C'mon Burberry make it last for 20 minutes at least...
neutral Enjoyable scent, one of the best of the Burberry's I've tried but it doesn't last long at all.  2 hours as said above is about right for me too..  Very weak
positive If a very nice smelling fall potpourri packet married with a tobacco infused cologne you'd have something much like Burberry London. This is neither bash nor compliment. But all in all, I enjoy Burberry London and reach for it far more than I am capable of justifying in words.

Despite smelling of dark and rich spice, this is a rather light scent. Too light really. I find myself wishing it were stronger and my body heat does little to boost the projection. Spray too much and the composition tends to become muddled and unpleasant.

More sensual than sexual, London is reassuring and comforting in nature much like pulling a warm blanket over you in the cold. Absolutely I get the holiday vibe. Cinnamon appears the only culinary note. Despite this I always imagine the odor of confections baking in the kitchen as is often the case on Thanksgiving or Christmas with a hint of the decorated evergreen standing in the living room. Lends itself quite well for casual or office use in fall/winter/spring.

The scent doesn't develop a great deal on my skin throughout its life with the tobacco note coming more and more to the foreground as the other notes die down. From what I've come to understand regarding the scent profile of opponax and having experienced the odor of mimosa blossom, there is a honeyed nature to the fragrance as well. Somewhat vegetal even. I have a hard time putting a finger on any definitive expression of leather within the composition.

I wouldn't imagine I'd ever want to smell like a potpourri air freshener nor baked pies but London earned a place in my heart right away. All the same I reach for it often simply so that I might have the pleasure of relaxing with it on me.

Thumbs up.
positive up their with gucci pour homme and d&g as far as the best cold weather scents. also dior intense. very smoky and woody. great atributes that lead to the longevity and brilliance of london. projects great and sillage is unimaginable. great also if you are a smoker. top notch stuff from burberry..
positive Burberry London is an excellent boozy, fruity, spicy fragrance that conjures fall and winter in my mind.  A walk down a city street with leaves drifting to the ground, snow flakes emerging from where it is they hide, stepping into a home with a fire in the hearth. This is one of those fragrances that is Proustian.  Evocative.  I highly recommend it.  It lasts about six hours on my skin, longer in my mind.
positive Darn good juice.  Tobacco, leather and spices. I envision the most interesting man in the world in a hot tub in Aspen surrounded by tan vixens.  I feel like I should be smoking pheasant in a log cabin when I wear this, but could just as well be sipping champagne on a date outside in the chill air.  The longevity is excellent. I still had this on my clothes 24 hours later.  The projection is pretty darn good.  Love it!
positive This is the perfect fragrance for damp autumn days - I dont know why but it's specifically wet days rather than cold days that it seems to suit so well - as soon as you put it on you think cherry pipe tobacco,a glass of mulled wine, barbour jackets and walks through pine woods to the pub! 

There is one big problem with this scent though - the longevity is pretty awful, I get a couple of hours maximum which is a shame, and there is no projection at all.
positive A wonderfully rich and warm traditional men's fragrance (that drives me pleasantly insane)!

Think horseback riding; think a den with lovely old books and the smell of fine cigar.

With the smooth buttery leather and tobacco wafts of London I envision curling up with a partner in a log cabin in front of a fire. I find it very comforting, warm, and sensual. 

This is a classically masculine scent helped by body heat -- the kind of scent I want to nuzzle into on my partner (or wear myself to bring back the memories). 

This is a winter scent for sure, more deep, base, buttery and smooth than Burberry Brit (which I find brighter, spicier, and also adore). 

For me the leather, tobacco, and pepper predominate and that's why I like it so much, although I do find this somewhat complex with the other lighter notes keeping my nose entertained, revitalized and coming back for more. 

It's a traditional kind of sexy that I envision on men looking to be distinguished and worldly (think Tom Selleck, think 'The Most Interesting Man in the World" campaigns) that I think could be worn by both younger or older men, just with the right attitude. 

If you want to make a nouveau art/design scent statement, this is likely not the one.

On me this scent has fine projection and longevity, and I find it so wonderful, that even if it didn't, frankly, I wouldn't care. I would just keep buying more.  

A vehement thumbs up from me!
positive Perfect frag fragrance for fall.  when I smell this I think of cool/cold damp foggy weather with leaves on the ground, or a thanksgiving day walking through the woods.  Very nice and unique.
positive unexpensive like all Burberry scents but a small masterpiece with a pleasant drydown that will follow you with the Ladies right down in the groove...
positive I've had a brief amount of time to sample this one.  Overall, it stands out from many other fragrances and seems very good for the winter.  I would probably give this one at least a 7 or maybe an 8 out of 10.
positive Great frag!  CRAPPY longevity....  If it lated more than 3 hrs it would rock!  I think then it turns into only a weak leather scent.  On the upside, it is a leather scent to die for.  The leather stays super close to the skin for maybe 1 more hour.  Best if sprayed onto clothes for me.  I can smell it the next day.  I wish I could get a scent of just that leather with a touch of the other notes.  My God!  Burberry make an intense!
positive London is a spicy, fresh, piney tobacco.  The port wine and cinnamon are fairly clear as well.  But regardless of the notes that may or may not be easily identified by me or anyone that happens to be wearing this fragrance, one thing seems to be clear: This smells of Christmas.  Now I know that's hard to explain, but from my point of view it just reminds me of the family Christmas party.  Spray it on a Christmas card and BOOM, the recipient has that much more holiday spirit.  

I think it could match the Thanksgiving party too.

Whatever, this is a warming fragrance that's perfect cold weather.  Wear it from November to March, unless Spring comes early.
positive One of my favourite fall/winter scents. The opening is pretty much spice, cinnamon is the big stand out to me. Then it mellows out into a more pine like scent while still retaining that intial spiciness. Some have reviewed it as "Christmas in a bottle". I would tend to agree with them.

Only downside is longevity. This begins to sit very close to the skin after 4 hours for me. Having said that, it isn't an overly pricey fragrance. I will aim to have this in my regular cold weather fragrance rotation.
positive Burberry London is a very mild fragrance, but the smells are very strong to the nose. Its definately a warmer scent, meant for cold weather. However, its alright during the Fall too.

The top notes are somewhat repulsive to me. If i were to smell the bottle directly, I would find the notes very strong; too strong. However, it's the middle and base notes that make this fragrance. However, some girls find the top notes nice, so maybe its just me.

The base (and middle) notes are the heart of this fragrance is in the base notes. The oriental spice is very captivating. Its warm, best suited for winter. But there's an inconsistency. Sometimes, you smell it, and it seems like its weak; then it almost seems to come back stronger after a few minutes. The projection is a little above average, and longevity is average, 6 or so hours.

I wouldn't recommend this for an beginner fragrance; but if you want to try something new, bold, warm, (and reminds you of christmas), then get this. Its definately on my TRY list, but not for a beginner.
positive Pines, bergamot and peppers done well! The initial impression gives off a lot of pine.
It's tamed after the 1st 10 minutes and u get this pleasing festive scent. It's a good signature scent. i see it doing well in all seasons other than summer! Very difficult to offend anybody with this one! 
positive It's to bad it does'nt last long because it's an amazing fragrance. The cinnamon and other spices make this an amazing scent that is my go-to fragrance for fall/winter.
positive Burberry London for Men by Burberry - Initially, one senses a fresh vibe from the lavender tempered by the bergamot; but this yields quickly to the cinnamon leaves and a dash of black pepper, conjuring up a pleasant, muted, spicy cinnamon note. Off in the distance, one perceives leather pulling this opening to its middle, where the leather becomes resplendent with a floral fruitiness from the mimosa flower and sweet fruitiness from the port wine. This festive heart meanders to the lovely base. This comforting base has a delectable tobacco vibe furnished by tobacco leaf, and an evocative woodiness from the melange of smooth guaiac wood, earthy oakmoss and nutty opoponax. This nicely blended composition cries out for the cold so it may manifest all its glory. The letdown is this well made fragrance only has average longevity and projection.
positive on my skin i get cinnamon,peppery,leathery goodness with this one ...wouldnt wear when its not cold out tho perfect for fall/winter etc. 
positive Happy Christmas folks!
Reminds me of fall. when the sky is cloudy. You're walking in a big jungle with so many pine trees in it! The rain starts and great pine tree's scent …..
Very natural scent that take me out of this world!
I only wear this fragrance when I'm alone at home and want to enjoy a magical fragrance! 
The only problem with this fragrance is it's projection and longevity.
Last for only one hour on my skin but this is a special hour in my day!
Well done Burberry.
positive Lovely stuff. One of the most pleasantly smelling fragrances I've smelled.
positive Had heard rave reviews about it.This was a blind buy and boy...I am glad I bought it.I love this edt.There is something special about this perfume which guarantees positive remarks from this scent.Port wine,tobacco,mimosa flower,bergamot and leather are the prominent scents which comes out of this wonderful fragrance.Tobacco on the dry down is icing on the cake.This is a refined fragrance which is best suited for formal evenings and a romantic date.Guys expecting on your face,straight fresh aquatic notes may be disappointed.This is a spicy oriental fragrance for people who want to feel confident and sophisticated.You are assured of getting positive comments from the opposite sex.
Another point which goes in its favor is that its a very safe buy.Not many people will hate it bcoz its a very pleasant scent.
Try visualizing Sean Connery,Pierce Brosnan,George Clooney or Brad Pitt wearing this fragrance.Thats what we are talking about.Pure sophistication.
My all time favorite fragrance.Hands down.
positive I own London, Brit, and the Beat. Of the 3, London is by far my favorite. Burberry is very good at making all their colognes different from each other. London reminds me of the holidays. A lot of people say that it smells like Christmas and I agree. It would be perfect to wear on a cold winter day with a button up shirt underneath a warm jacket, walking through a snow covered park. The projection stays pretty close to the skin and longevity is around 5-6 hours. It smells mature and classy. It almost exudes elegance. This is a good casual wear and date scent best reserved for winter/fall. I couldn't imagine sporting this cologne while walking down the Waikiki stip wearing shorts, a t-shirt, and sandals...that's what Acqua Di Gio is for ;)

negative This is absolutely true about  Burberry London for Men. This lacks longevity and projection big time. After 2 hours it was long gone. Not worth the $$$$$. 
negative I thought it would be impossible to find a fragrance that projects less the D&G The One, but lo and behold Burberry London has proved me wrong.
I blind bought this fragrance after hearing all the good reviews about it and was extremely disappointed when I actually sprayed it. All I got from it was a very watery pine scent which hugs my skin after 10mins and a pwdery dry down with a hint of cherry, to be fair the dry down isnt bad but it just does not project on my skin at all and completely disappears completely after 2 hours. 

Im really disappointed with this buy and wouldn't buy it again.

My Score

Projection: 1/10
Longevity: 2/10
Fragrance: 5/10
negative Perhaps I got a bad decant or my skin chemistry is dysfunctional, but the way I experienced Burberry London was disappointing.  It was redolent of sulfur and sporty deodorant, petering out after two hours to a powdery base.  I guess it's fortunate that the the sillage and longevity are weak on this one.

neutral This was a blind buy, and it smells great... but for some reason the opening smells a bit like tea, and I get a lot of spice. Like I said, it smells good, but it just isn't the type of thing I could love and wear all the time, especially because the longevity isn't great. Still, not a bad smell, some people love it, and for a good reason.
neutral Few elements paint this pleasant but undistinguished fragrance, i mean first of all a citrus-lavender opening dynamic and almost bracing flanked by a masculine note of pepper lasting in time, elements  in a while fading towards a middle stage mastered by an heliotropic cinnamon-mimosa duo averagely mild and sharp than finally sliding on a bed of moss, powdery woods and smoky myrrh. The final smell is linear, talky and with a peppery and masculine undertone of tobacco. I absolutely don't detect the leather while the winey-citrusy-floral (almost feminine) vibe starts increasing with the running of the time. I agree with Off-Scenter, the smell is averagely pleasant, inoffensive but lacking of distinction, complexity, authority and classic allure. Mediocre scent in the same vein of Spicy Oriental Pecksniff's.
neutral Very nice smelling fragrance for the fall and perhaps winter, but it lacks longevity and projection.  Unfortunately, my skin drinks this stuff up and the scent completely disappears after half an hour.  Such a shame.
neutral smells great but personally I can not associate this smell with fragrance on a person. a little too gourmand I would say. 
I get cherry most of all. 

with that said, I would still wear this in winter.
neutral Put this one on your skin and you will be basically saying to everybody: Hey, it's Christmas time!

Burberry London smells like pine tree mixed with spicy notes like cinnamon, and a hint of red wine. Very nice smell, but sadly it doesn't last. But this is not a thumbs down, I just wish it stays longer on my skin, since it is a pleasant smell all the way through.
neutral It smells great for me, I mean, it ALMOST fits my personality because of the tobacco

Unfortunately, that was the best thing I could find in the store, and it proved not great as I thought, plainly because it does not last and has very poor projection...

I mean, I bought it hidden from my family, and I go around the house wearing it and NOONE notices, and noone EVER commented, but my girlfriend, and she only commented after hugging me and have her nose literally rubbed on it.
positive Great scent!

Ideal for fall or winter but to be honest this fragrance may actually smell good on certain people no matter what the climate! My professor was wearing this in 90deg heat and it somehow worked!

Definately in my top 3 of scents. Perfect for cooler weather. Highly recommended if you're tired of the typical leather scents or gourmands that tend to dominate the senses once the cold weather hits.


positive Burberry London, as with all my purchases was a blind buy. I guess I just like the excitement of not knowing what I'm going to get. Then, that initial first sniff, that warrants a scent a worthy place on my shelf or thrown in the drawer for "dire emergencies".

This one, this one was a winner for sure, right from the get-go! I've never been as initially happy with any aftershave. And I don't buy aftershaves based on what notes I like, I don't break the scent down noticing the aroma and texture and other such stuff. I am, in short not a connoisseur. I just sniff it, and if it smells good I stick with it. 
But this I'm sure, would please just about anyone. Right from the average joe's all through to the real aficionados.

The name "Burberry" I must say did put me off until I read some reviews which put my mind at ease. I was expecting some, lager soaked, cigarette strewn council house with some Lynx thrown in to cover up, kinda smell. "London" put me off also, I'm a countryside boy. Not big into these hustling bustling cities.
Thankfully my assumption couldn't have been more wrong! 
It's a comforting, warm, cosy type smell. In a word "Cuddly". Especially fit for the colder months when you and a lady friend are getting settled down in front of the fire, with a cup of hot chocolate, while it rains outside.
This in my book is what aftershave's are all about. Yea, you smell good. But it's one of those that can quite easily create and capture a moment/period in your life. 
Something you can revisit years later and it'll take you straight back. After all, the sense of smell is the sense most closely linked to memory.
Top 5 without doubt!
positive I was eager to test Burberry London for Men as a potential purchase for my boyfriend, who is a rather heavy smoker. Unfortunately this fragrance didn't suit him, however I am quite captivated by the scent.

Burberry London smells like the ideal man to me. Masculine, strong, fierce and sophisticated. 

This fragrance is certainly spicy, but not in a nose-burning, Indian cuisine type sense. It's more peppery and herbaceous. 

In the opening, the violet leaf, lavendar and bergamot create a somewhat soothing and aromatic quality, however the pepper note insists on making this fragrance masculine and strong. 

The introduction of mimose in the heart is actually really unique in the way that it adds a little sweetness along with the smooth yet sexual scent of leather. Despite the sweetness, Burberry London has rugged appeal.

Although I am not a smoker myself, the scent of tobacco puts me at ease. I love the way my boyfriend smells; like smokey tobacco, mint-flavoured chewing gum, musty clothes and fruit-scented hair gel. The drydown in a way reminds me of him. It has a very smokey, musty and woodsy quality that I wouldn't mind wearing myself.

With that being said, although Burberry London is essentially a very masculine fragrance, a woman could perhaps succeed in wearing it. It would take the right kind of woman however.


positive Dip mild tobacco leaves in vanilla and cinnamon, store them in an aromatic cedar chest, and you've got Burberry London.  I find it works best as a "surface spray," arms, neck, etc.  As a chest spray, it gets a bit sickly sweet on me over time.  Still, it's beautiful stuff. 
positive Simply awesome.

Incredibly great scent, but with median sillage and longevity.

But it's still strong in my all time top 10 
positive From the first sniff, I was infatuated with this fragrance.  When I spray it on my neck, I find myself trying to turn my head quickly so it wafts up my nose.  

The port wine in this is refined and rich, and the tobacco is dark.  When I wear this on a cold night, it heightens my experience, like lighting a fire in the fireplace or wearing a warm trenchcoat.  

The only problem with this fragrance is that it doesn't last long, though my girlfriend can still smell it on me when I no longer can.  

Definitely in my winter/autumn rotation.
positive Didn't care for this when I did my first review on this. After owning a bottle I can see why so many members recommend this. One of the few fragrances that less experienced noses can enjoy along with the more critical noses. It does have a downside which is longevity and this is really something that Burberry dropped the ball on. An extreme or intense version would put this in holy grail territory for many a fragrance lover.
positive Really, really enjoying this right now. Were it not for its longevity (which is substandard, even by popular designer standards), this would be a 5 star scent in my book. Recommended try at the least.
positive Burberry London is currently my no.1 favorite, so far the only fragrance that has no fault to my nose, the only weakness is longevity, but that's okay, just wish it stays longer on my skin. Granted that I'm new at fragrance, and the number of fragrances I've tried are far too small for afficionados here, but I can smell quality when I sniff it. 
Masculine, sophisticated, mature and calm, the other frag with this impression that I can think of is John Varvatos, which I also love, but its much more meak down in the progression, and while longevity wise it's about the same, the dry down is all sweet vanilla on me, so I was very disappointed every time the basenotes starts to fade. 
Burberry London really is the opposite, the progression from the first top notes (which to my newbie nose keep smells like avocado) really takes you on a journey, just enough sweetness, complexity and balance, to a satisfying end on a very cozy place. Every time I try to imagine what the smell makes me think of, I keep seeing myself being out at night with friends in a small, smoky, crowded yet very cozy friendly bar with the list of music such as coltrane, duke ellington & johnny hartman playing and you keep enjoying yourself until you realize its 1.30 past midnight and it would be disappointing to end this soon but it's okay, you had a great time. 
After some time, i find myself wishing the top notes and base notes are switched. Then i would give this fragrance a near perfect rating, 9 out of 10! For now, it just has to be satisfied with 8/10.
Definitely will keep this in my wardrobe until I get tired of it in the next 10 years.
positive all i can say is i love this stuff
i get the toBacco note, it's more sweet in the Basenotes

the viBe i get with this it is very warm
for some reason i dont know why, it reminds me of a sweet sparkling BuBly capuccino
i don't drink coffe , But that's the vyBe i get
it's elegant at the same time.

one stripper once stopped me to ask what i was wearing
and she kept complimenting me on how good i smell

this fragrance makes you imagine aBout a day at home
with the family
at the kitchen they making cookies
everyBody drinking hot chocolate, surrounding a Blaze.

i see in the piramid that this fragrance doesnt contain those notes (chocolate, coffe)
But im just telling you how i get this 
positive Burberry London is a woody, spicy, oriental fragrance that has an outstanding reputation. It also is on the cheap side, which is nice. The note lineup is very nice and extremely unique. I mean Cinnamon, port wine, leather, and tobacco, I can not say that I have seen notes like that in any other fragrance. It really comes off as a very spicy top, with a floral aspect, given from the lavender, and a tiny hint of citrus. As it dries down, it becomes even darker, and much more woody. The port wine, tobacco, and leather come into play. They give Burberry London that boozy, intoxicating feel that it is known for. This is a perfect fragrance for the winter and fall, and it would be hard to find a better fragrance for the holidays. It is pretty masculine and mot certainly very unique. Longevity can at times be spotty, but I usually get 5-8 hours when I wear this fragrance.  This is for sure an amazing complement getter as well. Overall, Burberry London is by far one of the most unique and interesting fragrances that I have ever encountered. The notes help to make this one extraordinary along with the unmistakable bottle. For any one looking for a woody, spicy, oriental fragrance to us during the fall and winter, I would strongly recommend Burberry London.           
positive I love it.  Imagine chewing on a leather jacket covered in cinnamon and sugar... well it wouldn't taste so great but it sure does smell awesome.  The leather smell combines with some other ingredients that are less apparent to have a base smell thats manly and thick, and the top smell is that spicy sweet thing... so its like you're tough but also edible at the same time.  Totally rad combo.


positive Just Wonderful!
I love this.  It's so... delicious! (haha don't really know my stuff)

For sure one of my faves.
positive great scent as we all know and one of the safest out there. not offensive to the nose even though it is full of spice and you cant go wrong with it. I bought it blind and am happy I did.  only problem is on my skin it doesnt project that well or last very long, maybe 4-6 hours. I still give it a thumbs up due to the smell and its relatively cheap so reapply isnt that big of a deal
positive I got this cologne a few weeks ago.  I sprayed a sample on my arm from Perfumania, and then walked out.  The initial smell was very weird.  So I started walking around the mall for about 30 min.  I was hungry, so I decided to get a grab to eat at the food court.  While eating my Panda Express (Orange Chicken, Kung Pao Chicken and Fried Rice) I took a sniffed on my arm, and I was like wow! this is a great cologne.  It's very unique.  Sweet, spicy, and very unique.  I know this cologne has been out for a while, but the plaided bottle is not very attracted, so I never tried it out.  After my lunch at Panda Express, I walked back to Perfumania, and I said can i get a bottle of the Burberry London?  The cute sales lady asked me which size I want?  I was like, I'll take the biggest size you got there please babe.  She was llike nice choice...good news for you too..you get 30% off this cologne...so I paid for the Burberry London and told her thank you and happy holidays...Overall I give this cologne a 2 thumbs up! and would have to say this is my favorite cold weather cologne. 
positive Burberry London is a simple square bottle with a plaid “cover” on it. It’s a different design, and fits into the Burberry line. Overall this is a great mature scent with a ton of spice throughout the fragrance. It starts out with a lavender/bergamot opening. This goes away rather quickly and the rest of the scent is spicy note. The cinnamon note really comes out and mixes slightly with a note of leather and port wine. It overall has a classic winter/holiday scent to it. For me it takes me directly to Christmas, snow, fresh cut Christmas trees etc. Burberry London screams festive!

The issue that I had with this fragrance is that it just wasn’t consistent. Some days it lasted 2 hours and then it was just totally gone. The next day it would last 6-8 hours with really no reason at all. The projection on this for the first few hours was great, and then after the initial drydown (2-4 hours) it gets close to the skin. For me Burberry London is a perfect evening wear scent, but I could see it being worn during a winter day. I think this is the perfect fragrance for those December activities either in or outdoors. This is a spicy fragrance, and I’d mainly suggest it to the 20+ crowd. I think it’s perfect for 25+ but it can be pulled off by younger folks. Again I see this as a date/evening fragrance. I wouldn’t use this at a party, but more an intimidate setting.

BURBERRY LONDON = TRY

If you’re looking for a fragrance to be worn in December, then this is perfect. It really depends on your motives. If you’re a one/two bottle of cologne type of person, then I’d say just get a sample of this. It simply isn’t versatile enough to be purchased for those folks. However, if you’re a person that has 5+ bottles for different occasions, then I think this is a buy. It just can’t be beat for the winter evenings and in those intimate settings.
Scent strength: moderate
Recommended age: mature
Scent life: 2-10 hours
Recommended use: casual/evening
Classification: oriental/spicy
Price: $$

<a href="http://www.thecolognereview.com/">Cologne Review</a>
positive What an evergreen this already is, and I am not refering to the notes. The colour of Burberry London to me would rather be a very deep maroon. It holds all of the qualities I am looking for in a man's fragrance, and it has it's very own distinctive style that, in my mind, makes it incomparable to other scents.It is just remakable how complex and yet extremely well balanced Burberry London is. From the well pronounced cinnamon and the black pepper, soon balanced with the lavender, in the opening, through the tobacco and leather, to the beautiful clean, almost soapy drydown with the cinnamon still shining through.Longevity-wise people have complemented my smell long after I thought it had faded away. And lately I have tested this by spraying my wrist in the afternoon and still have smelled it the next morning. Some fragrances do tend to make the wearer "immune" to the scent after a while.I never thought I was going to say this about a Burberry-scent, but Burberry London is one of my all-time favourite fragrances. And did I mention the versatility?
positive This one definitely grew on me.  I was initially repulsed by its woody, boozy feel but I eventually got to love the cozy vibe it gives.  Not much else smells like this, and it gets compliments like crazy.  Hands down the perfect Fall fragrance.  
positive A true Classic !!! This scent to me smells like a brilliant blend of Pine and Cherry if they were to clash... A classic scent that I would love to wear but right now I feel its to mature for me... Prolly my 2nd favorite scent though next to L'eau D'Issey !!!Rating: ranging from 1-10 Smell: 9.25 Projection:10 This has perfect projection for the first 2 hours not too overpowering but you deffinitly get a smell of someone wearing this when there near) but then dies down and stays close to the skin after the 2 hour periodLongevity: 6.5 ( I get anywhere from 2-6 hours with this) so time varies a lot and is unpredictable Overall Rating:8.75 (I really want to give this a solid 9 but since the longevity is so sketchy I have to give it an 8.75)Age Range:25-60Best Seasons to use in: The perfect fragrance for fall and winter Best uses: I see this as a good going out fragrance, but can also be used for intimate settings and formal occasions such as church,dates, and formal dinners
positive Someone asked me the other day if I could chose the smell of my sweat, what would it be. Two words: BURBERRY LONDONThis is a bottle size version of a: dimly lit room, walls covered with dark paint and shelves of classic books. Stained wooden floors, every item of furniture is leather, and there's a cigar case sitting next to a bottle of scotch atop the wine shelf.Burberry London oozes class and style, simply brilliant. And no it doesn't smell like an old man or his wife's spice cabinet. It is an intoxicating warm/mysterious scent. Its not a BAM in your face, here's what I smell like type of cologne. No, It welcomes you in and takes you on a tour. It is a symphony! The Cinnamon and Lavender balance each other out to put out sweet calling card. The Citrus and Black Pepper meld together with the Port Wine and Leather to create a warm, rich syrup. And lastly the Tobacco (not a smoke, but a leaf smell) and Woods are the raised stage that all the scents are set upon. All the world's a stage and this is your soap box that will get you noticed.
positive Bought this blind based on the many good reviews and i am not at all disappointed. Knew this was a Fall fragrance that is spicy and rich. I had imagined it would smell a bit like burning leaves or Halloween, however it turns out to be more of a Christmas smell. Imagine a pine tree with some nice spices like nutmeg and cinnamon. Very deep and soothing scent. Definitely try this one out. I would think people would either love it or hate it. I personally love it. Enjoy :)

negative I was looking for a cold weather fragrance and was recommended Burberry London. I like the smell of leather, tobacco leaf and cinnamon, so I had to give it a try.

The opening was sharp, spicy and borderline offensive. I didn't like it, but a lot of fragrances start out that way and calm down to something more pleasant. I wore two sprays of Burberry London around the mall. After about an hour, I just couldn't stand it anymore and had to wash it off. Very few fragrances do that to me, but Burberry London did.

Maybe it was because the mall was hot, stuffy and crowded, but I just couldn't handle Burberry London.

I can't give a complete review of London because I washed it off before I've fully experienced it, but one thing was for certain. I didn't like it.

I'm going to have to try Burberry London again in order to complete this review. Because of my unpleasant experience, I'll still have to give it a thumbs down, but I'll at least give it my highest thumbs down rating. I'll be back to add more to this review.

London gets a 3 out of 5. Subject to change, hopefully for the better.
negative The longer into the dry down, the more this reminded me of Sung Homme - and I hate Sung Homme.

neutral Nice smell , but I think there is too much hype with this fragrance.
As other reviewers say, this has a synthetic touch that annoys specially at the top and middle notes .
When it dries down is when this fragrance shows its good qualities.
The notes I feel the most are tobacco leaf, wine and pepper .
Longevity is better than average but projection is nearly absent, no one around you notes when you are wearing it.
Nice bottle covered in tweed. Not too expensive

Let's be neutral.
neutral It's a nice smell, however, it can only be enjoyed in the cooler months.

Less is definitely more with this one as well.  If you spray more than 2 then you'll smell like cherry flavoured cough syrup.  But I recommend 1 spay to neck and 1 on the wrist and then tap the wrists to enjoy it to it's fullest.
neutral Nice smell indeed.

But with such weak projection and longevity I really don't know when is the best time to use this scent...

Summer, and you smell like a Xmas tree. Winter and no one can really smell you!
neutral There are basically two fragrances here.  One is the same that is in Cuba Red, which is dry, at least slightly synthetic, woody, and spicy.  The other is dominated by the "port wine" note.  The "problem" is that the port wine thing doesn't last that long, and you are left with Cuba Red, more or less.  This is why I can't give it a positive review (and also because it is at least slightly synthetic to my nose).  The Cuba Red type of thing lasts a long time, but with modest projection/"sillage."  I swapped mine off, but I kept a bottle of Cuba Red, though I don't wear it often, because of the big price difference.
neutral I love this fragrance, I truly do.  However, when it comes to perfumes, one must also take into account other people's opinions.  I was given a big sample of Burberry London and I used it for a week.  I fell in love with the tobacco/wine note.  In fact, this rich sweet note reminds me of aromatic pipe tobacco which I find rather interesting.  I could not bring myself to buy BL though.  I only got bad comments on this EDT.  Someone told me that I smelled like I an empty bottle of cheap booze.  A French guy who works with me told me I smelled like "la goutte", which is an old home remedy for the cold, I think.  When I asked some friends what they thought of BL, the most positive comment I got was "Well, it sure is special" (in my book, this is a polite way to say:  "I don't care for it but, hey, it's none of my business!").  Anyway, I may buy a bottle just for my personal pleasure.  I could wear BL in the privacy of my own home without offending anyone.  Too bad...
neutral  What seemed at first like a real contender of a fragrance turned out to be a great pretender. The sweet, jammy port with the tobacco, pepper, and leather is certainly classy in a delicious way and really the composition is original and refreshing. What ultimately prevented me from loving/buying London is the fact that it's got all the endurance of a doughnut enthusiast in a footrace. 
neutral i loved this at first and thought i'd found a grail. then i got bored. most of my fragrance purchases seem to end up like this LOL! perhaps it is indeed better suited for the place it is named after but during the holidays it is nice to break this out once in awhile.
positive This is one of the sexiest fragrances that I own, and it is also my most complemented fragrance. A lot of people have longevity and sillage problems with this, but I don't know why. I go one spray on the neck, one on each wrist and I am getting complements about it 8-10 hours later. For example. I'll leave with a group of buds at 6PM to go for supper and clubbing. By after supper I'm just getting into the heart notes, I really get the port wine on my skin but at the same time I can still smell the lavender and cinnamon. Around 2 o clock, girls are still smelling me, especially the tobacco drydown and I'm taking them home. This thing is the best wingman you'll ever have, dont just take my word. Go try it.
positive I love Burberry London. It makes me think of James Bond. It just screams romance and sexiness. The longevity isn't all that great but frankly that works pretty well since I don't think I've ever put this on before 7 PM. It is a night-time fragrance only. It definitely strikes me as the most complex fragrance with the least amount of change while you're wearing it. It manages to hang on to the same spicy/floral/leather+tobacco scents in the same proportion for hours without ever devolving into some boring one-note drydown. I also like spraying this on my pillows before going to bed. 
positive I like the spices and the port wine note in Burberry London.  For me, it's a good all round fragrance that's suitable for both casual wear or office attire.  Good stuff.
positive One of my BEST evening scents. Absolutely perfect for cold nights and romantic dates.
positive I confess, I am a bit of a niche perfume snot. I tend not to give highly commercial fragrances much of a chance for fear of being doused by a counter attendant in headache-inducing, 90%-diesel-fuel EDT's that reek mostly of expensive and clueless desperation . . . BUT . . . I was so pleasantly surprised by Burberry London.It's a laced-up fragrance with a sophisticated and contemporary twist. Right out of the bottle you get a really soft green bergamot and a sagey-dry lavender, soft powdered leather, like Victorian frangiapanni gloves, but with a lot of elegant structure from the sweet tobacco and oakmoss on the bottom. I absolutely love the wonderful solar tobacco accord in this scent which stays on loud and proud through the dry down-- all 6 or so hours of it. It is so warm and bronzed that it almost reads as black tea. The silage is good but not amazing-- not a problem for me since I like to wear scent that stays close to the skin, and I find London to be one of those scents that you wouldn't want to catch wind of unless you were close enough to be dancing, it really requires that underlying warmth of human skin to come off at its best.My skin tends to sweeten scents that are a bit more masculine, and this scent could be very masculine on some, but I am a woman (who loves ballsy leathery scents and unisex chypres) and I feel very confident wearing this scent out in a elegant vintage 30's dress. It's intellectual but just dissident enough to be both serious and a bit iconoclastic. Some have raved about the port wine note, but it's truly not very prominent on me-- it is not the least bit boozy. I would mention, too that while it seems at first to be a cool-weather favorite, the woody tobacco and mimosa in the drydown actually make it comfortable for warmer weather, it has a bit of a sun-baked dried-hayfield in it, especially when you're warm yourself. 
positive No matter how many times I've worn it, it keeps me intrigued.  I can't stop smelling myself.  Perfect warmth, perfect spice, perfect mystery.  I love it.  I wouldn't change anything about it.  It opens up sweet and spicy from the port wine and cinnamon, and is warmed instantaneously by the leather and tobacco.  Not a cigarette smoke type, but a really rich unlit pipe tobacco.  
positive Most of Burberry's fragrances are dull as dry toast, so I expected to hate this. So what a nice surprise it was for me to instead find a rather bold, peppery tobacco and leather scent that gives off an olfactory illusion of being a sweet patchouli scent. I think the combination of the port wine, pepper and tobacco give that illusion of this having a ton of patchouli in it.  Buberry London gets better over time, and in fact smells even spicier and drier as it evolves, but it always maintains its slight sweetness, probably from the leather and port wine, and it never spins out of control into a syrupy or spicy mess. No longevity problems for me either with this. This is an excellent fragrance.My rating: 8/10
positive excellent scent for night and romantic occasions.......its definately very hip and sexy with a nice edge to it and the drydown is amazing
positive Nice gingerbread smelling type cologne but at the same time you can smell the port wine,  leather and tobacco making it very mature. I see this as a dress shirt and slacks fragrance. LOVE IT.
positive Lavender and violet leaves strike my nose instantly every time I press the spray. Very pleasant, sweet and spicy at the same time but not cloying at all ☻This is one of the most elegant woody fragrance I ever smelt ☻IMHO, formal dress goes pretty well with this fragrance as it has a maturity into it. Burberry London is a pretty unique scent in my cllection.Longevity is minimum of 6 hours on my skin. Sillage is rather decent. Tobacco leave and oak moss drydown is fascinating to my nose.☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻Wonderful British gentlemen scent☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻ 
positive Owned it. Loved it. Returned it. Intoxicating scent. Smells like wine, with just the right amount of leather. Rich aroma. No matter how old you are, makes you smell "more mature than your years". Smells intellectual, mature, confident, self-assured. Too bold, too loud for my lifestyle, for my "target audience". A twenty-something wearing this in public, even on a night-out, will attract A LOT of attention. 
positive The ultimate cold weather scent. Smells mostly of cinnamon. Is very unique and inviting. It doesn't last very long but projects well. I've prolly recieved more compliments from wearing this scent than any other. You will never tire of smelling this amazing scent.
positive Awesome fragrance. Too bad it has very very poor longevity (4-5 hours). Hey, that's life.
positive I love the smell of Burberry London, absolutely one of my favorites.The only downside is that the longevity is too short on my skin. 
positive Top notes can be a little bit intimidating for someone afraid of smelling like your grandfather.. reminds me of the original green polo for some reason.  After a while it soothes down to a sophisticated, earthy but sweet scent that I find to be more for personal enjoyment than to be making any kind of statement.  it does set the mood for christmas..its nice, you owe it to yourself to try it on your wrist at least once in the winter. alright longevity medium to poor sillage.
positive I really like this fragrance a LOT. I was never interested in Burberry fragrances but after reading so many great reviews I decided to buy a bottle.The fragrance is very well crafted but it does not last very long on me and that is a problem. For some reason this juice makes me think of Christmas I can almost "see" the Christmas light and trees. I love the sweet tobacco notes, very well executed, it is mildly boozy as well. I also get a tender vanilla note that plays in the background but since there is no vanilla it must be the lavender/cinnamon combined. This one is a winner in my book. Well done Burberry!
positive For me this is a peppery, bergamot, lavender and leather potion, that is better out of the bottle and on your skin.  The dry down is nice and warm.  It is a typical quality frag from Burberry.  It may be a little to much black pepper for some, but that note retreats after an hour or so of wearing and the lavender and leather kick in. It is a 'pepe' style EDT that I recommend for the twenty+ crowd, and for evening events.  
positive Just a wonderful fragrance. At first I wasn't won over by the almost cherry-like port note that permeates throughout the progression, but i've grown to love it from start to finish. The dry down is one of the best i've experienced at my current early stage in fragrance discovery. You get the smoke and wood, with that port juuuust peeping in to lift the whole thing. The port note is somewhat cloying, but definitely in a good way, as it helps balance the notes in the dry down. Definitely a cold wintery scent. It paints a picture of sitting by the fireplace eating Christmas pudding while the grown ups are in the background drinking wine after the big Christmas dinner. In terms of longevity and sillage, they're not terrible, but they're not exactly great either. Now sillage is probably a 5/10. You'd probably have to stand like a foot away (if that) to notice it. The longevity (on my skin at least) is rather strange. While the main body of the scent lasts around 5-6 hours for me, i'll easily be able to pick up at the very least a tiny bit of the tobacco and definitely some of the port probably 12 hours after application. Overall a wonderful fragrance for colder weather, marred only by the spotty longevity.  
positive This is what class smells like on a cold autumn night.  Rich, rich scent of oranges and cloves over the leather.  Does not fare well in the Texas heat so I save it for the special occasions in the (brief) winter months.
positive Christmas in a bottle basically. All the scents of the season. Very "dry" drydown so it won't last too long. Nice.
positive Classy, arrogant, a bit uptight, conservative, but once you get to know him he is open, warm, humorous, yet calm. That is me, that is this Burberry London. Beautiful!

Update - a lot of folks complain about longevity, but I get 10 + hours with quite a good projection.
positive Great Scent. Very Modern. Something wrote on this forum that Jaipur pour Homme by Boucheron was similar and superior to London is competely wrong. Jaipur Homme doesn't smell anything like London. Jaipur smells like the old barber shaving cream. Leave the jaipur homme for old gentlemen in their 70s and enjoy the warming scent of Burberry London.
positive It was late summer 1994 and I was on a 6 week assignment with a travel agency just off Piccadily Circus. On one of the evenings, a group of us headed off to a bar for drinks and had a blast at karaoke, making complete arses of ourselves. That's what this scent reminds me of - 'making arses of ourselves'. OK, just kidding. I'm talking about the atmosphere. From the peppery boozy opening right to the mildly powdery sweetness tinged with tobacco smoke. Unfortunately, longevity issues mean the fun ends rather abruptly with someone yelling "Hey, stop hogging the mike...!"       
positive London was one of my early favorites, and it has stayed among the top contenders throughout my sniffings of countless other designer brands, so it merits an extra-long review. It's woody and sweet with moderate spices, like so many others, but it's a unique sappy, leafy wood, like you're smelling the tiny nascent leaves sprouting out of a tree branch. It's especially so in the top notes, but I even find it somewhat from smelling the basenote residue in the bottle cap. People talk about the port wine note, and I might say it reminds me more of sherry or marsala than port, but there is definitely a fortified-wine component. I think it adds a mellow, calming presence to an already gentle scent. There's something close to milk-chocolateyness in the top, but not exactly...it's more honeyed, like the flavor of Sixlets, the chocolate-like candies that I had a brief but passionate love affair with during childhood. Or of the faux-chocolate carob chips that you see at health food stores. But there's not nearly enough of this component to make London a real gourmand scent. (Zirh Corduroy is related but a little more desserty if you like that sort of thing. Also excellent.)To me, London feels extremely natural, and it conjures up dry woods...not dry in the opposite-of-sweet sense, but the image of trees growing a dry setting that I remember:  the shady, dusty chaparral in a botanical garden near my home in southern california, with its manzanita bushes, live oaks and shrubs. So while I'm sure the pefumer meant to evoke a walk in a wet deciduous (European) forest after a fall or winter rain, I find myself reminded of quite a different place, my own little patch of dry western scrubland, just because of personal memories. The only problem with this stuff is something that it has in common with Obsession, though less so:  after the amazing top and middle, the base progresses too far into the territory of "standard vanilla wood because that's what everyone else does". (Still, London's a big notch down on the heaviness meter from Obsession!) Neither of them go so far as to become just a vanilla cliché, but this development always disappoints me a little. Still, London's vibe is so different from other wood scents that I love coming back to it again and again. It's truly rewarding.

negative This scent is pleasant to wear in the begining after application but the longevity is so short.  On me anyway, it lasts less than 1 hour.  Afterwards, it smells like a carpenter with perspiration odor.  Almost embarrassing!  If I want to smell this way all I need to do is work out at the gym for an hour.  I'd say it's a useless fragrance because it serves no purpose.....:"neither here nor there".

neutral Burberry London is unique. It stands apart from the others. I finally got some after reading all the reviews and raves. I sprayed some on my wrist about an hour ago and it is beginning to settle down from the initial spritz. I do not perceive any Christmas trees, pine, or anything like that. As it settles down it comes across as very rich, and people are using the word "boozy," whatever that means, and I guess it is appropriate--like someone's warm breath who's been drinking sweet wine--so I suppose I am detecting the port wine note. It's a nice aroma--the port wine, that is--and I think I can detect the leather note, too. Hmmm, I just remembered an old fragrance I have called "Casual Friday," and London definitely reminds me of that fragrance. (I just found my bottle of Casual Friday and sprayed some on a tissue. It is indeed, similar). CF is not as deep and "boozy," but there are some similarities. Even now, almost an hour after initial application I can't detect much else. It's a pleasant fragrance, to be sure, and very sophisticated, so it would be appropriate for formal occasions and a night out on the town. It's extremely masculine, and hearkens back to men's fragrances of years gone by. I like it, and I'll wear it, but I don't think it will become a favorite. As a side note:  I find Burberry Brit (the ladies version) to be more spectacular than this. Although worlds apart in aroma and characteristics, Brit--used in moderation--could easily be worn by a man, and is a masterpiece of a scent, in my opinion. Forgive me for throwing that in, since it has nothing to do with London. I just have strong feelings about Brit, too. 
neutral One of the better Burberry scents for men.  And that's probably because it emulates a true classic, that being Polo Green by Ralph Lauren.  The opening is a redo of Polo in a lighter version.  The mid to basenotes are okay, but all around sort of a disappointment.  This scent idea is better done in Polo Modern Reserve.  At the very end of its progression one is left with something akin to the scent of a bakery that specializes in cinnamon raisin bread.  I always pick the raisins out of my cinammon bread  and it's what I want to do with London.  I'll have to pass on this.
neutral This scent was great from the initial blast through dry down and into the base notes. Unfortunately it faded just as fast.  On the plus, it never failed at gaining a complement as long as a lady was around within the first 1.5 - 2 hours.
neutral London is actually a very nice scent--warm, woody, and somewhat gourmand--but it is not one that will always be in my collection.  The longevity is absolutely horrible.  I get around 2-3 hours maybe, but the sillage is nice for the first hour....
neutral On my skin, the opening of London for Men is a port wine soaked cinnamon bun with coconut covered icing. It would be nice to eat, but I’m not sure I want to smell like this without having said bun in my hand.As time passes the sweetness eases and a little bit of wood arrives. The wood is always in soft focus, because the syrupiness of the port wine permeates everything.The dry down is the best part of London for Men. The tobacco is close to fresh cut leaf and blends better with the port wine than with any other note in the fragrance.If you’re up for booze and bakery, then London for Men might be just the thing, but if you are after real quality try Boucheron Jaipur pour Homme instead. Jaipur is richer, deeper, and clearer.
positive Have not worn this for at least a decade or more and it has been bastardised to death, but the original Eau de Parfum is and will always be a masterpiece. Has there been another gourmand that even comes close to the daddy? 
I recall a scandal back in the early 90's when an early 20th century perfume house roughly copied the formula and bottled it in one of their 1920/30s perfumes pretending it was the original fragrance, thinking they would get away with it as up to that point in France no perfume house had ever sued another on the basis of copying. The Grande Damme behind Angel decided to break that tradition and took them to court, I believe the matter was settled out of legal chambers finally but lets say the older house ended up with quite a lot of oeuf on their face, there are lots of other dirt on how the battle was won but the point I'm making is that Angel is one of those rare animals that could not be compared to anything when it launched in 92, totally unique, perhaps the last time that was achieved in commercial perfumery. Last thing, like Aventus now, and all the other Boom Boom perfumes less is definitely more, death by Angel is not sexy its like being smothered to death by an aging cougar who really should stay at home and leave the club to her granddaughters! 
positive This is the world's first notable gourmand perfume, and the one upon which perfumer Olivier Cresp's reputation (alongside Yves de Chiris) is based. Angel by Thierry Mugler (1992) was downright bizzare when released, a love-it-or-hate-it scent that proved as polarizing as it would be successful, much like most of the fashion designs from Thierry Mugler himself. Angel is claimed to contain no intentional floral notes in the heart, and has had many limited edition bottlings over the years, in addition to innumerable flankers. The equally-notorious A*Men/Angel Men (1996) composed by Jacques Huclier wouldn't stray very far from this formula when released either, which is a testament to the universal appeal Angel seems to have for those who click with its vibe. There have been so many flankers of both this and its male counterpart, you almost can't mention Thierry Mugler and perfume without bringing up Angel; this stuff is literally that genre-defining in the designer segment. Most of all, Angel also helped ease people back into the idea of musk as a main carrier note rather than oakmoss or amber, since dirty musks were so played out by the end of the 80's that most perfumers skipped them if they weren't soapy in tone until Angel made a warm musky skin feel cool once again, likely due to the warmth coming from food notes rather than animalic ones. Another huge polarizing facet of Angel is its inclusion of helonial, a common scent molecule in laundry soap that also saw use in the men's iteration as well. There was just so much going on here that ran counter to what designers were doing at the beginning of the decade, Mugler is lucky this got off the ground at all. Most of the controversy I gather comes from how cloying this accord can be to people who are sensitive to its primary components, and this was especially true when its initial popularity made it a fairly ubiquitous sight on streets, subway cars, and in other public spaces. 

Angel opens with the prerequisite bergamot and a slew of fruity, dewy elements including strawberry, calone (from melon), honey, jasmine hedione, and whiffs of rose, likely implied by a hit of geraniol but with no actual rose oil. Helonial also makes its rare appearance, and as a note aforementioned to be typically reserved for perfumes found in laundry soap, it contrasts the otherwise-sticky gourmand heart considerably/ The helonial is an aldehyde derivative of heliotrope, and has a sharp glistening chrome sheen that would start seeing use in masculines down the road, but here it's leading into the controversial cocoa and caramel heart. The men's version bites with coffee bean, lavender, and peppermint, but here we just get a rounded hay-like coumarin to accentuate the sweetness, before the stiff patchouli and musk base take over for the final dry down approach. I get some creamy polysantal "sandalwood" without the dryness and diffusion of the real deal, but that's okay because it isn't the focus here with Angel, and just padding instead. When it's all said and done, you've got the ur-gourmand accord of chocolate, tonka, fruit, vanilla, and patchouli, which is only a few clicks away from being an oriental in tone. Sillage can wallop you so be careful, but otherwise Angel is a gentle perfume in personality if used with discretion. Here is a creamy romantic warmth good for snuggling up in winter, or cool evenings anytime. The musk note is not funky at all, but still has a bit of that "animal fat" tone in it which may not sit well with people used to clean-smelling white musk, so approach gingerly. I'd not use Angel in a formal or office setting, as it's just too amiable for a stern or reserved atmosphere. The energy given off by this stuff is just too friendly and warm for anything where you may need to be aloof towards strangers like in the workplace or a formal event. In the summer time, this would definitely choke me out if I was around it too long, so take that as you may when choosing an appropriate time to wear it. 

For most of the 90's, Angel was the Giorgio Beverly Hills (1981) of its time, becoming an unavoidable wall of scent in shopping malls and restaurants, hence some of the backlash. I know I'm pretty sensitive to too much patchouli and anything rich with tonka or vanilla myself, so I'd prefer the men's version which tones these elements down to a drier demeanor, but I am not bothered by this otherwise. Angel is a rare perfume I can respect and appreciate on another but never have an interest to smell myself, and this is coming from someone who often wears feminine-market fragrances, as it feels better to be caught in a chance encounter with Angel then to be enveloped in a cloud of the stuff than to dwell within one for any length of time; in an ephemeral state this is a very nice surprise, but prolonged exposure proves a bit more tiresome. Mostly unisex in feel but leaning slightly feminine, Angel by Thierry isn't a knockout anymore because other  houses have since done this accord to death, but it's a nice "comfort food" scent (pun intended) for fans of low-key semi-versarile semi-dirty musks with something going on besides the usual white florals. Compared to the "transparent" fruity florals, syrupy fruitchoulis, and ambroxan shenanigans of the 21st century, Angel is starting to finally show the laugh lines of age to those who care about relevance in perfume trend, but is by no means anachronistic or uncommon on the street. Reformulation hysteria also follows this one, but from what I can recall, the basic sweet foodie patchouli and semi-dank musk accord from when my older sister wore it back in the day still holds true in recent testers I have sniffed in stores. Hell, there are still people who actively seek out and collect all the various limited packages of the stuff, and although the cult of Angel is nowhere near as obsessive as say, followers of Creed Aventus (2010), a lot of talk over which Angel is "best Angel" does happen! Thumbs Up.
positive Angel - Thierry Mugler
This just goes to show that a bitter yet 'clean' camphorous tonality can save a perfume, and not only that but also create something novel and excitingly new. For me, Angel paints a darkish brown picture with a contrasting mix of purple and green colours and this works best when sprayed in moderation: less is more with this one. Sillage and projection are absolutely stellar, there is something very 'natural' the way this perfume presents itself: not too loud but very intense in an amiable way. It kind of reminds me of old vintage perfumes containing real deer-musk. I have tried not to like Angel but I had to surrender to its magic eventually. 
positive Been wearing this for 20+ years. I'll forget about and then come back to it. Classic
positive I first bought this fragrance in November 1992 and as one reviewer commented, I too had people stopping me to ask what I was wearing.  The scent was complex, a little disorienting.  It was heady, rich, and with just a tiny hint of something 'rotten' underneath.  That extra note hit it out of the park.    

The tiny star bottle lasted forEVER, and I replaced it again in, I think, 2000?  I don't think it is any different from the 1992 version, others may have better data on that question. 

It will be a great disservice to this wonderful fragrance if the formula was changed in order to be novel or less expensive.  

Readers need to be aware that the EU has cranked down on the use of many classic perfume ingredients, both natural and man-made, due to concerns that they are allergens.  Perfumers don't want to be seen as fighting safety rules, so they conform by re-formulating their fragrances.  

I am not young;  there are many fragrance notes from older perfumes my mother wore (Norell, Tabu, Chanel #5, Alliage, others) that I smell nowhere anymore, anywhere, ever.  My bet is that they are simply banned due to Henny-Penny "the sky is falling down!" concerns about potential contact allergies.  

I'm an adult who keeps peanuts from my kid.  I'm ok with being responsible for my allergic reactions to fragrance.  
positive I get patchouli all way long from the beginning. The opening smells quite herbal to me and almost freaked me out the first time. Then the sweetness just can't wait and bursts out right away. I swear if I tested on paper I'd drop it down right away. But after about 2 hours, it smells heavenly! The right amount of chocolate, caramel, honey and vanilla is so delicious. The patchouli is no longer fierce but holds perfectly the balance between sweetness and freshness. It's even intriguing as it hides among the sweet notes and tickles your nose when you expect the least. I have to admit I'm still not very used to the first 2 hours but for the lovely drydown I can wait. Fortunately the longevity is excellent for over 12h, it worths! The sillage is good, too. Though it's known as a heavy fragrance, I think with a light touch, the drydown has no problem in summer. 

The bottle is cute! But the name Angel doesn't fit that well IMHO. It's sweet but with a dark side hiding behind. Maybe Ange ou Demon should be better distributed to this one? LOL.

Originally written in 2013
positive Phenomenal. This one is controversial ... but on me, it was alllll goodness. ;)
positive I love this complex perfume with many notes.  First, I smell chocolate, then berries and caramel.  The perfume smells different on every person, but smells great on m.e  I always get compliments on it.  It is loud and friendly, but not overwhelming.  I wear it year round.  
positive Add me to the list of those who adore this.  Big, bad, bold, bodacious. I love it.  My husband loves it.  No other opinions matter.  Since I never smelled Angel when it first was released, I can't complain of reformulation.

And, I love the giant, chunky tester bottle I currently possess. 
positive I find the opening of Angel Eau de Parfum difficult to go through. A musky chocolate. But the dry down is to die for. It gets acid with berries and bergamot. Then, the basenotes of silky caramel are gorgeous. I just wish sillage and longevity were longer. 
positive Love this. After it's on a while, you just want to eat it. The Carmel and chocolate....mmmmm 
What I really liked about it was that it lasts forever.
positive Upon first spray I really didn't like Angel but I gave it a change and I'm glad I did.

It's such a gourmand. It's gourmand royalty. This is a fragrance which is so popular and dare I say it, common but it seems to behave differently on different people, giving it that special edge for everyone. For me once the first spray starts to settle down I feel like I'm being followed around by a sherbet dib dab. Every now and then it morphs into something else, vanilla ice cream, chocolate, the pick and mix section. Really it's like walking though a sweet shop. Still it has something slightly darker and heavier which seems to anchor it. I believe that could be the bergamont.

There is also something that catches me every now and then that isn't so good. I don't know what it is but a previous review described it like BO. I understand what they mean but I would have described it as more of a chemical smell, almost like bleach. Fortunately it's very fleeting.

Lasts fantastically and projects well, even on my skin which normally eats up fragrances super fast. This is not one that you want to over spray or you run the risk of making yourself and everyone around you feel very sick.
positive Love the opening, sweet Vanilla, balanced by the tart bitterness of Bergamot.
 Try Bergamot perfume extract on your Vanilla Ice Cream sometime. It's glorious!
 Note the Caramelly texture and the nod to Chocolate later. The Berries make this perfect for Feminine or Masculine skin, except the drydown. Whoa! I get a tenacious "Generic Clean" note that ends up relentless even through a shower.
It's obvious this continues to be so very popular with the Girls.It's sexy and quite clever in construction. 
The opening and heart are quite intriguing and most narcotic. In the End it is like a hangover and leaves me feeling like I need alterations to my Meds.
Thumbs up? Well....Everyone needs to try it. At least once.
positive Perfect Gourmand...

A true beauty here. This is one which I expected to be a monster, but it really turned out to be sublime in it's smell and performance. I tried the male version first, which I found extremely harsh and almost cloying, with a screechy tar note and heavy patchouli. This in the other hand, is perfect for me.

One thing I like about Angel is that the notes are blended perfectly to my nose. The patchouli, chocolate, caramel, vanilla and honey are all perfect. To me no one overwhelms the other too much. There are elements of candy floss, fruits, berries and tonka bean that show up as well (all of which I love). It's one hell of a gourmand, and I love it!

It's a fragrance which I would love smelling on people and wearing also. I find it a lot more wearable than the men's version, and it just feels "done right" to my nose. Probably best in cooler weather in my opinion, but could probably be worn year round with measured spraying. I think this isn't the beast that people make it out to be (at least to me)... so give it a try!
positive The opening is a mix of bergamot and incense helional, full of pure and transparent like the air, and on to a scent of fruit and full of sweet honey gradually spread, taking full feeling and delicious attractive as in the memories of childhood. Finally, Angel will be finished in vanilla, chocolate, caramel and patchouli wood, and sexy, attractive and powerful medium, full of charm.

The scent sensual, warm create a hard to resist the charm for women. Sample bottles impressive design with modern colors. Extremely good fragrance.
positive What could I possibly say that remains unsaid about Angel? Rich, dark, bold, statement-making sexy. I wear it everytime I can, feels appropiate for everytime. I've smelled it on formal events, wine tasting evenings, it even attends my pilates class. 

No doubt it was quite a thing when it first came out and owned the gourmand cathegory, but now that same kind of scent has evolved into something intoxicatingly sweet as Flowerbomb or Manifesto, and Angel has another new market like gourmandchuli. And thank GOD for that patchouli, for that's the reason why something that smells edible also screams unedible. 

I was gifted my first bottle when I was 16 or so and gifted it away. Then someone else bought it for me and gave it away. I finally purchased MY OWN bottle of Angel at a duty free in Sao Paulo. 

It's heavy stuff if youre not into the patchouli note, but I somehow grew into it and welcomed it into my wardrobe. It's siilar to Shalimar -in structure- so you kinda have to wear it to figure it out. 

It's a sillage monster, so I go gently on it, and definately wear it when I'm going on high profile. I have to admit that even when so many people wear it, it blends different on my skin -as well on others- and that IS the main reason why I like such a mainstream fragrance, dispite the fact of it's "uniqueness" in the market.

So, if you're reading this humble opinion on Angel and haven't tried it yet, give it a try on your skin and let it ripen. You've probably smelled it lots of times before knowing how it actually blends with your skin.
positive I can’t really do a BLUF (bottom line up front) for this hot topic…too many moving parts.  All I can say is that I’m on the “Love” side of the love/hate dichotomy.  It’s a clumsy, unapologetic, fun fragrance with a sense of humor.  I imagine Rose Tyler would make the TARDIS smell of Angel.

Yes it’s bold, but it doesn’t strike me as “in your face”.  Maybe it’s the way my girlfriend wears it or her particular skin chemistry, but it’s not offensive to my nose at all.  I’m in my early 30’s and she in her mid-20’s, for reference.

My layman summary would be: a playful burnt caramel/honey/patchouli...the drydown being almost pure patchouli to my nose, with some sweetness.  Maybe I’m partial because my girlfriend is stunning, sexy, and an absolute muse to me and this is her go to, but she wore this long before I became interested in the wide world of perfumery, and I loved it then as much as I do now. 

Like many fragrances, over-applying is going to have a negative result…I can see that being the case here more so than with many other fragrances.  I’d venture to say some women who wear Angel, might wear a little too much (we’ve all been guilty of this at some point).  Longevity is off the charts, sillage is a bit less so but still above average.  I wouldn’t call it a full-blown gourmand honestly, but it’s in that realm for sure.  I don’t get the cocoa/chocolate that many seem to.  It is predominately caramel/honey with a lot of patchouli after the fact.

With the Angel hand cream, on top of the previously mentioned notes I get a bit of sweet urine mixed with fresh hay, but for whatever reason, it smells absolutely sexy to me.  It’s kind of embarrassing to read that back to myself, but this stuff just drives me mad, period.
positive Tension created by the mixture of edible and inedible notes is what gives the gourmand genre its particular interest. The mind isn't sure how to react to something that says 'eat me' and 'don't eat me' at the same time.

Angel takes this effect one unsavoury step further with its red fruit syrup, candy floss and caramel served up with plummy rose and white flowers, dark chocolate, mothballs, bitter wood and mouldy rot.

The original, most distinctive and probably still the best gourmand on the planet. Certainly the most wicked.

*****

negative I am late on the bandwagon in sampling Angel. So I wanted to keep an open mind and give it a chance. And well.... I just can’t get my head around it. I find it strange, off putting, cheap and generic smelling. An odd mix of sweet and spicy notes. Doesn’t smell foody to me, nothing appetizing about this combination of foody notes. I am late in trying this scent, and perhaps if it hadn’t already been ruined by all of the imitations of it I might have felt differently. I smelled imitations of it before I realized I smelled imitations of it. So I’m afraid that for me Angel ends up smelling like a cheap imitation of itself. I found it unpleasant and nauseating. Had to wash it off. By the way, I do like Alien and Eau de Star by Mugler. But Angel is not for me. I would definitely not recommend Angel as a blind buy or gift due to its polarizing qualities. 
negative I loved Angel when it was brand new: I had never smelled anything like this sweet, fruity, caramel and chocolate creation! It was such a refreshing change from all the ozonic fragrances of the time, which followed the popularity of L'Eau D'Issey and Escape. After wearing it for about a year, I tired of it, and haven't worn it again until recently, when I suddenly decided to buy another bottle. Initially, I thought my new bottle of Angel smelled as it always did, but the more I have worn it, I have realised this fragrance has drastically reformulated. Though it is unmistakably Angel, it is not as sweet as it used to be, and the fruity notes seem more muted: the fragrance is heavier than it was, and now places far more emphasis on damp smelling patchouli and dark chocolate notes than the sugary chocolate-caramel of the original formulation (this damp patchouli and dark chocolate combination was taken to extremes in Givenchy's Very Irresistible For Men, which I always thought smelled like damp A*Men). This new formulation is unfortunately very inferior to the original! The bath and body products have clearly been reformulated too: they used to smell exactly like Angel Eau de Parfum, but now smell of heavy patchouli and fruity notes. The body creme was a particularly lovely product (originally in an elegant glass jar); even though it is still beautiful quality, it now has an overpoweringly strong fruit and patchouli scent, which I find very sickly (this version is sold in a rather over the top plastic "flying saucer" jar).
My thumbs down is for the current version of Angel; the original would definitely have got a thumbs up. I have, however discovered that Angel Etoile Des Reves, smells almost identical to Angel's original formulation, and is, for my tastes, far preferable the one available now.
negative Before Christmas 2017 I was going to order a sample of this online but decided against it.

Wise move!

Apparently, it has been added to the growing list of 're-formulated scents' whereby the people are being duped into buying something that is NOT like the original version.  For example, chocolate (for which Angel is/was famous) has been replaced by nutmeg, way back in June/July 2017.  In fact, in the original version there were 24 notes and that has now been replaced by only 12.  This has to be a cost-cutting exercise.  Why else would they do it?

This may explain why recent reviewers hate this scent as it's been re-formulated.
negative When this first came out I bought a bottle and wore it frequently. People would stop me and ask what I was wearing - it was that different from anything else available at the time. I eventually discovered Jo Malone fragrances and stopped wearing Angel. I now have an extensive fragrance wardrobe and wear a variety of scents. Fast forward - I decided to try Angel again. I cannot stand it now. I had to scrub it off, it was so obnoxious. I know that many people love it, but I just can’t take it. 
negative The most hideous fragrance I have ever experienced in my life. Dear lord, people pay for and wear this?
negative Angel came out around the time I decided that Chanel no. 5 was the one for me, so I pretty much hated this on principle. Testing it on my skin today, it seems I was right: I really do hate it. It's incredibly loud, incredibly sweet, and there is a funk in there that sets my teeth on edge. Now, mind you, I normally like a bit of funk: Salome's cuminey underpants? Count me in! The barnyard "butt" accord in Inverno Russo? Bring it on! But this I can't handle at all. It's like the smell of a wet, dirty dishrag that you pick up after it's been festering in the sun all day; a slightly rotting, sour smell that clings to your hands long after you've flung the filthy thing far away from you. The saccharine sweetness on top has the same effect as air freshener sprayed in a public bathroom; it only seems to enhance the stench. I do get why this was groundbreaking and all, and it's certainly not boring, so it has that going for it, but I'm honestly surprised this was such a commercial hit. I find it very unpleasant.
negative Each time I try Angel it brings vivid flashback of my youth wandering around the Victoria Secret store trying out the new VS perfumes of the 90's, the sweet, uber cloying candy-store scents that went by names such as 'Love Spell' or 'Dream Angels' or even early Bath and Body Works super syrupy scents.  To my then 20-something nose and lifestyle, yes, I wanted to smell like a candy factory.  

However, when I wear this and my kids come running thinking I've just opened a bag of Haribo and ask where I've hid the sweets in the house....I have no desire to smell like bags of Haribo candy. 
negative Angel opens sweet and earthy. After about 20 seconds a saltiness develops (almost salty sweaty skin, but a bit "cleaned-up")....and additionally becomes a little bit vegetal (carrot seed essential oil?). About 5 minutes in a bit of slightly sweet mint (spearmint?) and cocoa (bitter, not sweet) start to overtake the carrot seed. The "cleaned-up' salty sweaty skin is still pretty predominant. After about 20 minutes there's a little bit of vanilla bean and there is a very soft powder floral undercurrent about 1-2 hours after that. Angel stays with this very complex compilation through the rest of it's wear.

This was tested on dry skin in a warm, dry climate (in doors). Sillage is moderately strong at about 4-6 feet for the first two hours and then moderate to soft after that. Lasting power is about 6 - 8 hours.

This is an interesting amalgamation of notes. On me, it mostly smells "confused". Does it want to be a gourmand? intimately personal? challenging? perhaps a touch brash? It's all those things and I wasn't really enjoying that journey. However, I will say, I do appreciate it's complexity and uniqueness.
negative Angel is less shocking in the opening than Angel Men, but whereas Angel Men has some redemption in the base, Angel gets much worse as it develops, a cloying scrubber, and hard to wash off.
negative Angel smells exactly like Morning After Armpits. You know that semi-sweet, semi-sour, semi-BO smell... when your deodorant has all but given up. It's still trying to hang on for dear life, & quell that funky BO that's trying so hard to make it's presence known, but it doesn't quite make it. So you're left with that hot, used up, dirty pit smell.
Angel says "I could really use a shower!"

I've tried wearing this a couple of times & it just smells like dirty BO.

Rub your wrists on your hot, steamy, morning after armpits - you'll get the exact same results & it won't cost you anything.

neutral I so, so wanted to give this a Thumbs up since I have worn Angel since 1994.  Countless bottles purchased and used.  I have been known for this scent for decades.  Total signature scent.  1-2 sprays and I would be set all day.  Compliments at work, the grocery store, the car wash, social events. For the past few years, Angel is no longer strong, it does not last, project and I cannot remember the last time I got a compliment.  The IFRA reformulation literally killed the magic of Angel.  
neutral I was very excited about this perfume thought this  was very different.  The problem is it didn't smell good on me.  I loved it on everyone else and was disappointed when on me it was too smoky and strong.  I settled for the tamer Angel Innocent and loved it. 
positive Back in 1992, when everyone the world began wearing Angel, you couldn't have paid me to go near this gimmicky bottle.  I wore classics like YSL Paris or masculines like Annick Goutal Vetiver.  That was how I rolled.

I seem to recall Angel's peak years around the turn of the millennium.  I was wearing Bulgari Black then, or sometimes Fracas.  I still avoided the ubiquitous star bottle.  I wouldn't even sniff it.

A few years later, I'm wearing Creed Indiana and Tocca's Bianca.  Angel was right out then, too.

Life is different now and I'm mich more open minded.  My only concern when I sprayed it on for the very first time today was how Angel would wear on my skin.  And I'm happy to report that I think it works.  I get almost  no screech on my skin (thank God), but I do get a nice, slightly browned sugar cookie top note layered over warm cocoa and a fruity incense/patchouli base.  Taken together, Angel smells 
positive One of my everlasting favorite since 1992. A gourmand that is a party animal and a comforting heaven of caramel, cocoa and patchuli.. A masterpiece, especially, when i think of it as such a mainstream fragrance!
positive Salutation.

Absolutely Awesome.When I think About the Word Perfume,I think About ANGEL Immediately. A UNFAILING Perfume. ANGEL is all about Maturity. Heady in a SPECIAL way.It Evokes a lot of Sweet memories for Dignified Ladies. Heavy, Sweet,Bold,Worldy,Provocative,Hot, Creamy,Complex and Classy.

It is not for a Hasty person because The opening notes is Harsh and Excessively Strong as It is a Shock to those used to wearing Light Fragrances but Please Wait Because Minute by Minute Creates a Glorious and Romantic scent.Totally If you are Lucky,it will dry down to a Lovely Creamy on your skin. 

It hits you in a Numbing Wave and makes you feel Luxurious.The base notes is the best of it for me.This EVENING scents for a queen in SPECIAL occasions. Surely for WINTER . In my opinion It represents the Essence of Feminine Class.

Sillage?Attractive.

Longevity?The best part ANGEL for me as It is Legendary on my skin.

7.75/10 
positive 	Ambivalence is a rarity in perspectives about Angel. It is one of the infamous “love it or hate it” fragrances which excite me for their novelty alone. Examining people’s facial movements when they first smell Angel is as exciting as watching the reaction videos of people seeing “2 girls 1 cup”. The vulgarity of the two is essentially equal. The result of these two experiences can provoke repulsion and/or fascination. Perhaps this comparison is extreme but, when it comes to mainstream fragrance, Angel is about as scandalous as it gets. As it turns out, I am particularly fond of the uncanny as it appears in this context.
	Regardless, Angel’s distinctive odor drives me mad. My first experience after unleashing this monster from its striking bottle ended in complete admiration. It was intoxicating, decadent, and truly addictive. The dissonance of its components allows for a multi-faceted complexity that incites conversation. There is a battle between fruit, honey, chocolate, vanilla, ethyl maltol, screeching brightness, and a deep, earthy patchouli. There are even certain times when the first few moments of its application give me the perception of urine and dirt with some simple syrup poured on. I love Angel all the more for this reason. The individual notes are pleasant by themselves, but cooperate to form a Frankenstein which has that sort of “ugly pretty” quality that is valued in haute couture fashion these days.
	Angel is the car wreck that you can’t look away from, the tightrope walk you tense up over, and the trashy reality T.V. show you can’t stop watching. I cannot wear this fragrance without offending someone-- but they're going to have to deal with it.
positive Surprised to get a blast of Christmas at first, like sparkling wintry night. This one gave me some very strange impressions, because after an hour or so, fair/carnival food came to mind. Later I'm visualizing a classroom (art supplies?), though that's admittedly baffling. 

After a few hours it got musky on me, and I like it. I really like it. I've been enjoying it all day. Would work very well as unisex, as I'm not getting a particularly feminine vibe.

positive This gorgeous sexy gourmand scent is not for everone, as is evident from reviews here and everywhere. The first time I tried it, it felt like a slap in the face, offensive and rude - like no other perfume I had ever tried or wished to try (and apparently the first one ever made completely without flowery notes). Several years later I can't get enough. I am not much of a gourmand when it comes to perfume, but the ambery, musky patchouli drydown is what does it for me. It goes on and on forever, like a kid's dream of a day at the tivoli. 
positive Heck, let me confess. I have loved this (and Angel A*Men) for awhile. They smell yummy, but not cloyingly yummy to me.  Do Not put too much on, however, even the EDT. If you get into an elevator, either people take a step in the other direction, or they fawn all over me.  It is actually pretty funny. 
To each his own.

The vendors make some very nice Angel-like scents, in sprays and in roller balls, Saves tons of money!!
positive I'm a guy, and I sport the hell out`a some Angel EdP, but then again, I'm a hard core Patchouli lover. This juice is insanely intoxicating! I firmly believe that you have to lean on the cusp of enjoying Patchouli to really appreciate Angel because that's a polarizing note in itself, let alone the gorgeous hot mess going about in Angel which is centered around Patchouli. Even after 22 strong years on the market, Angel has never been reformulated, so you're getting the same formula from 1992, and for a mainstream fragrance, it is kinda pricey, but very high quality... niche quality. The opening and heart are beautiful, but the drydown is insanely good. When applied properly, Angel is mindblowing. There should be 2 thumbs to the left over there...
positive Why there isn't a page for the EDT version? This review is for the EDT.

I bought it blindly after fallen into the A*Men series spell, and I must admitt it does smell like a flanker of the original male scent. It is sweet but I cannot say the source, it is not candy floss for one thing. I smell mostly citrus and patchoulli, a bit of pepper, a bit of vanilla. there is a fruit accord but for me it is very blured, it could be red berries. I don't get the woody note perhaps because I don't keep the EDT that long for real base notes, but I get the clean, musk feeling during the whole life of Angel EDT on my skin, about 4 to 5 hours, before I have a shower, I live in a hot country and in a small enought town for me to go home for lunch, I am a lucky/happy man. also, I don't get praline or chocolate, but a very bitter cocoa powder that geves A a very masculine edge, just like it does in L'Instant de Guerlain. In fact, having in my mind A*Men and Pure Malt all the time it is hard to realize it is in fact a woman's scent. One male scent much sweeter that this is Lalique Lion pour Homme, which is almost sufoccating vanilla for me. So, what makes it a feminine fragrance? There's no flower. No powderness. Angel EDT could be just as well A*Men Pure Citron Limited Edition. Not bad, not bad at all. Can't see why this shouldn't be a safe blind buy.
positive When I first smelled Angel, I was appalled - how disgusting I thought. It kept drawing me back and smelling it and lo and behold I love it  now. I know this is a common experience with people new to Angel. When I wore it, it was definitely strong at first (Don't need alot) but then it dried down beautifully and I can smell it on me all day. Not overwhelmingly, just something I kept wanting to smell. I don't understand why people have that first reaction to it as I did, but boy am I glad I gave it a chance. I hate anything with floral notes (they remind me of a funeral home) so maybe that's why I really like it. Please give it a chance. You may turn out like me!
positive Men seem to love this fragrance while women I encounter have been known to tear-up and sneeze.
On first opening this has a candy meets flower accord.
I smell my grandma's bourbon chocolate candy and divinity competing with a lot of patchouli. Then it simmers down to pleasant vanilla competing with patchouli. Then the patchouli wins. The dry down smells amazingly of soft iris to me. The lotion is to my taste, the perfume being way too strong.
positive 5 stars for being one of the most unapologetic and "out-there" scents ever. Angel pretty much defined the fruit-chouli, gourmand genres back in the day. While I'll always consider Chopard Casmir the original early-90s "gourmand" powerhouse, Angel is far more disctinctive, albeit harder to understand.
I'd hazard to say there's nothing very balanced about the scent at all. It's a very focused sensorial overload of stewed plums, cotton-candy, chocolate-covered caramels, and that sharp green smell of wet, fresh-cut grass. No flowers, no woods, no musk to dilute it whatsoever. Those who love it can't get enough if it, and for those who don't, Angel is an olfactorial assault.
This scent to me is like a friend who bleaches her hair a little too blonde, wears a little too much bronzer, talks a little too loud, and likes her clothes a little too tight. Many times she's a bit too much, but then she has such a lovely heart that I wouldn't ever want to change a thing.

One bonus? Mugler hasn't yet gone the route of some other companies and jumped on the reformulation bandwagon. What I smell today is what I smelt that first time 10 years ago.
positive I did not "get" Angel at first sniff and I had to give it many wearings.  What a fragrance!  Certainly unique and mature, and far from the candy/fruity scents now so popular. 

I admit that it is not for everyone. 

This patchouli gourmand is powerful and there is nothing young and flirty about it.  It can easily be worn as a unisex with its chocolate patchouli with caramel and vanilla.

For those turned off to Angel, I recommend giving this one time and several wearings before writing it off.
positive When applied appropriately (Max. 4-5 sprays) and after about half an hour it smells like being in heaven in the middle of winter!
I just can't stop sniffing my wife! and it fills all the car sitting together, no matter which scent I've worn or how much I've applied!
Great sillage & longevity, mature & sexy!
To me almost no other scent even close to it, UNIQUE!
Big Big Big thumbs up!
positive I first owned this perfume over 15 years ago. it was quite an experience for me then. I'm not really a  Gourmand type, and had never worn anything like it,  it shocked me the first time I encountered, it continued to shock me each time I wore it. In fact I  don't really know why I wore it, I just sometimes felt I  really needed it, like a decadent *fix* of a calorie laden   Belgian Chocolate gateau.

As I began to smell it on every other woman  in the street/restaurant/shop, I placed it in the back of the drawer, gave it away finally.  Last month as I was walking through the perfume dept I saw it sitting there and, the old addiction rose up, I needed  my *fix*.

Ive matured since then, just because I own a perfume, doesn't mean it needs to come with me everywhere I go, Angel is my private comfort food  scent. I now like to  indulge in it's heady, warm, mouth watering sensuous Chocolate vanilla blanket  in the evening, so it has dried down to its heavenly almost nursery caramel treat stage by bedtime.

I love Angel now it is no longer a challenge to me and I know what to do with it, some scents are just too delicious  and personal to share.

negative If there were an intelligent species of alien who viewed us as mindless vermin, much as we view cockroaches, then the poisoned bait they'd strew across the planet in a desperate attempt to exterminate us would doubtless smell very much like Angel.

---

I don't much care for it when people talk about being nauseated by fragrances (unless they really do mean that it causes a literal physical reaction in them, like a migraine or an allergic response). Saying that something smells so bad that it makes you sick...it just seems a little tactless to me, you know? I mean, you're basically telling people who like and wear the fragrance that you think they smell gross. It's just not very polite.

So please understand that when I say that Angel turns my stomach, I am not using that phrase as a shorthand for claiming that I think it smells bad (or that you smell bad while wearing it). On the contrary, Angel smells...well, it smells both good *and* bad to me, both tasty and inedible, and that's the combination that causes all the trouble. It's that particular combination of edible/poisonous that triggers nausea in me, as if it causes some primal part of my lizard brain to wake up and start screaming in alarm. It's a combination that doesn't register so much as offensive or "icky" to me as it does as actively *dangerous,* because that combination of "Yummy...oh, no, but wait--" is the sign of food gone bad, a warning of incipient food poisoning. Or even worse, perhaps it's the smell of deliberate *bait.* It's the evil witch's gingerbread house, the sweetness down the gullet of the Venus Flytrap, the urban legend's Halloween apples with razor blades hidden inside of them. It's an Admiral Akhbar sort of thing: one whiff, and every nerve in my body starts screaming "No, don't go near it! It's a TRAAAAAAP!" It's tainted candy, poisoned honey, chocolate laced with arsenic. If there's amber here, then we are the flies.

Angel is to me what I imagine a delicious-looking wriggling worm with a barbed hook sticking through it might be to a sapient fish. Uhhh, yeah. You guys can have that one all to yourselves, thanks. I...I really wasn't hungry anyway.
negative Got a sample vial for reasons of sick curiosity.  

Roughly the same experience as when a cat gorges itself on cupcakes and Cadbury Caramello then horks it all up on your pillow.
negative Migraine in a star-shaped bottle.

What on earth is that?

I cannot distinguish the notes. They seem squished together like sardines and I'm pretty sure they are angry with me.

Why did the bottle need to look like something reminiscent of decor belonging to Studio 54? Am I missing something? Is there a reference I'm supposed to be getting? 

Ouch. The migraine is real.

Fail.
negative I really cannot bring myself to like--or even tolerate--this perfume.  I will never forget the first time I smelled it--I was with a very attractive, well to do woman (a client of mine) and after a long meeting we all went on to dinner and while we were getting ready to go, she put on lipstick, brushed her hair and sprayed on some perfume.  All charming, feminine gestures, except.....  When she sprayed on Angel, everyone around the table did a double take--shock, horror, wrinkled noses, watering eyes, the whole lot.  I SERIOUSLY thought that she had put on Raid insect killer by mistake--the smell was identical. It makes sense that I would not like it as I do not care for gourmand scents and do not like/am allergic to chocolate.  But Raid?  Really?  Does anyone like that smell?  The kicker is that after the dinner, we both flew home together on a very small plane and even in the drydown--which is better--all I could think of is pest control.  In all fairness, I did once buy this for a secretary I had as a parting gift--she never wore it in the office, thank God, but had mentioned always wanting a bottle and as she was moving to another town, I thought, why not?  I also thought, why? 
negative Definitely a gourmand. Some clashing, fruity top notes can be detected up close but are buried within seconds under a load of artificially flavoured diet caramel custard. Nothing subtle or even chocolatey about this caramel & vanilla scent.
negative I got sprayed with this by a sales associate who swore this was the closest thing to smelling what angels wore when they have an appointment with THE BOSS.
Silly, gullible, me. I discovered that stupid mistakes can be made even in the "safest" places.

This fragrance is not cheap, simple, or unintelligent. And I could detect some wonderful things in there. I absolutely adore patchouli (right after the fleeting camphor is gone). And I also love resinous smells. There's also something earthy in there. You may think I'm strange, but I also love earthy smells. And those are very prominent in Angel's formulation.

The problem was that I had to overcome my revulsion for what covered the good stuff: a monstrous rotten-sweet breath from hell. Along with that, superlative perversion: there seemed to be some flowers in there - rotting in hell. This perfume is certainly an angel, a fallen angel. I believe you call that a demon. Unfortunately, no church on earth has ever appointed an exorcist that specializes in perfumes.

Have you ever noticed that some of the most horrifying smells in the world are actually very sweet? Super ripe trash can with syrup? Well they managed to bottle just that in there. It seemed tailored to repel, then attract, then repel... until I ran away, confused and quite scared. I had NEVER (until I met Kouros) smelled something so vile coming from a perfume (!?) bottle.

Why scared? I wondered if my mind was REALLY playing nasty tricks on me. It was not. I was forced to fully "enjoy" it because it lasted the whole day on my arm. I did try to wash it out, but it had already adhered to my shirt sleeve. AND there was no soap in the public restroom that I visited. Mere water, along with some desperate rubbing, did not work at all. It did make the "Angel" extend its awesome power to my right hand. Touched, and marked, by EVIL.

Actually, I have used and enjoyed those cheap fragrance oil knockoffs that are available in shopping malls, Indian stores, and street corners. They contain most of the good stuff that Angel hides under its demonic (but not nicely sulphuric) stench. Whoever makes those, can certainly recognize a bad thing when they smell it.

negative  I was so intrigued upon hearing about this scent.  With a name like Angel, I envisioned a heavenly, spiritual scent, and it is anything but!  This scent is strong and overpowering and muddled, so much so I had a hard time distinguishing any real notes.  The best way I can describe it is like an artist coloring with every color in his pallet until it becomes muddy with no distinct color. " Angel like" it is not.  When a perfume leaves you feeling choked up and queasy it is definitely not for you.
 With that said I realize my taste in perfume is much different than a lot of people and I can see how this scent could appeal to others...Thierry Mugler thinks way outside the perfumers box and I appreciate that, it's refreshing but for me his scents are so far out there, they are unreachable to me and my tastes.  I love his ingenuity though, I think it's revolutionary.
 I can tolerate Alien and Womanity, but again, too much for me. My daughter took my Alien and loved it at first but had to roll the window down later just to breathe out of its aura.
 In summation, these are very adult pungent scents that command attention, albeit the right attention is for you to decide.
negative I agree with the previous post...Angel is unforgettable in a BAD way!  It is overpowering, aggressive, in your face foul and I have yet to smell anything worse...well, there is still Shalimar but that's not the point. Angel smells like a dirty, trashy woman to me, no offense to those who like it, it smells like an unshowered woman that sprayed perfume on to kill the funk rather than bathe! It is sweet, rancid and just nasty smelling.  I have not and will not try it on, I am afraid; and every woman I smell wearing it offends my sense of smell.

I do not like Angel!
negative I thought I was ready to experience this classic. Gourmand orientals are probably my favorite genre and I'm really into fragrances with character and depth. That said, this is the first fragrance I've tried that made me want to scrub it off my wrist immediately. I fought the impulse and tried to give it some time but I couldn't go longer than 20 minutes. 

My first impression was vile. Angel is so sweet it smells dirty. It made me feel sticky and in need of a shower. It smelled like I had my face against a dirty wooden floor after a 4 year old birthday party, in which the raspberry popsicles and vanilla ice cream were a hit, got out of hand and ended in a mess of sticky-faced, noise-picking, obnoxious children. Also brought this imagery of a landfill for popsicle sticks. 

It shrieks. I tried to ignore it while browsing the rest of the store, hoping that it would simmer down and reward my patience with something pleasant smelling. But I felt like I was being followed by a banshee. 

I do have to give Angel credit for being so salient and uncanny. It evokes memories of my past nightmares. The scent is permanently branded into my memory as a synesthetic image. The main notes I could detect were raspberry, an overdose of patchouli, and a smidge of vanilla. All scents that should be agreeable, but somehow the combination is raunchy and undeniably unforgettable. 
negative When I tried this, all I got was chocolate-caramel sticky sweet sickening cake batter with a whalloping double dose of vanilla.  Makes me think of eating Nestle's Quick out of the can as a child.     

neutral I had to try this divisive scent and the moment it hit me - I recalled it. It was a scent that was popular when I was child. It was everywhere. It was inescapable. 

On me, it was a lovely warm cocoa scent...with vague hints of camphor. Once that harshness wore off, it was pleasant enough. Cocoa sweetness. The divisiveness of this scent however discourages me from ever wearing it public. Read some of the negative reviews here. Good for a laugh but also makes one wary. 
neutral For me this was a full powered in your face scent. Having heard so many Thierry Mugler Angel converts talk about this incredible fragrance I had to try it. Purchasing a bottle I found I was so disappointed, I love Amber, Patchouli and scents with jasmine and rose but this just didn't translate. 

At first it's full on cotton candy with a hint of musky cocoa. The musk gives it a grown up edge but the cotton candy notes dampened down the adult aspect of this fragrance and I personally was left feeling like mutton dressed as lamb. 

It lasted all day, even after bathing which resulted in a serious migraine. I didn't give up, I wanted this to work so badly so gave it a few more goes finally deciding that it was a no-go for me.
neutral Hate then LoveThe 1st spray is like spraying insect repellent! If you don't make it past 30 minutes of wear, you will always say that you hate this perfume and that if not anything else...it will keep the mosquitos away. BUT if you are able to pass the 30 minute mark it changes to a warm vanilla. The strong patchouli that you smelled at first dies down tremendously.Pros: UnisexCons: 1st 30minutes"
neutral OK, so here's the legendary Angel.  For all the drama and notoriety, it's not nearly as sickly sweet as I had imagined it would be.

So what does it smell like?  Well, its that synergy that happens when patchouli and vanilla mix and it smells like burnt caramel.  It's got lavender and some sort of aromatic green menthol-ish herb on top for brightness.  It's also got a milky note, so it kind of smells like dulce de leche, the caramel you get from heating a can of evaporated condensed milk.  There's also an animalic undertone, a sort of vaguely poopy sweaty smell like a very dirty child (which was especially unnerving when mixed with the milk smell), as well as some sort of fruits and chocolate.  But it all came together to smell like a multi-layered caramel smell with lots of bright non-gourmand aromatics and a thin layer of gross underneath.

Time has proven that you can add almost anything to this Angel formula and get gold.  From A*Men and its flankers to the hundreds of gourmands influenced by Angel, this really has launched a revolution.  And that's my main issue with Angel - After smelling it with smoke and coffee and malt and woods and cotton candy and licorice and leather and everything else that's been thrown at it, Angel seems a little less compelling than its spawn.  The only thing that Angel brings to the table that's missing from its descendants is that gross animalic milk smell, which was the part I didn't like.  Aside from its general loudness, I have no technical issues with Angel, but I'd personally much rather wear A*Men or New Haarlem, which take the Angel structure in directions I like better.
neutral I love Angel on a scent strip.  It's positively sexy and juicy and mouthwatering. But on my skin, it's ONLY patchouli. I got this as a gift in the late '90s and wore it until I ran out. Maybe I'll try it again.
positive ANGEL –  Mugler – 1992     [fruity, vanilla, powdery]

This one I am going out on a limb for – people either love it or hate it.  It begins with a strong mix of strawberry, dewberry and chocolate/caramel, which quickly dries down to a fruity, powdery vanilla that is extremely captivating.  The dry down can be reminiscent of Earl Grey Tea. This is a heart melter for both sexes, as it works on some of our most primary food scent attractions.  

I advise you to try a sample first and give it a chance over many applications – in other words, don’t decide right off whether you like it or not – give it time to win you over.

Totally unique scent combination that prompted many imitators – but the original is the best of the lot.

Top Notes: Strawberry, Dewberry, Helonial, Honey, Bergamot, Jasmine, Orchid, Rose
Middle Notes: Chocolate, Caramel, Coumarin
Base Notes: Vanilla, Patchouli, Sandalwood, Musk

positive Smells creamy and sweet, definitely a delicious scent. I'm a guy and I wear this. It smells that awesome. I think this should be a unisex fragrance in my opinion but for that to be so, there has to be that certain man who would be able to pull this off.

Overall rating 8.7/10.
positive I have an amusing relationship with this fragrance.  A guy I was seeing briefly insisted I try it. I meekly agreed despite not finding anything to recommend it.  I was very unimpressed when first sprayed and the day went by without incident.  Only two days later...I couldn't get it out of my mind and needed, wanted, craved it.  

Since then, every person who comes near me for any time at all can't help but comment on how the smell suits me...some even mention it more than once - weird?  I've had guys who otherwise have no interest in perfumes actually ask me the name of what I'm wearing.  I haven't worn another scent that elicits that sort of reaction.  Ever.  
positive susieq813 is right: sample it before  you buy it, and since you're at it, grab a spoon, because you're in for an edible trip. 

Angel is the typical fragrance that raises the question: is she wearing the perfume or the perfume wearing her?

Other than patchouli, the list of notes is long enough for anyone to smell something different all the time.
positive ((Wow...  I just saw that Angel has been around for almost 20 years.  I had no idea!))

So, 10 years ago, I got my very first whiff of Angel.  I was babysitting, and the mother of the kids had a bottle in the bathroom.  It was in love at first smell.   In high school, I loved patchouli, and I think of Angel as an "adult version" of patchouli!  While working at a perfume kiosk a few years later, I would steal sprays of the sample non-stop! 

Angel IS on the pricey-side, compared to some perfumes out there.  But, I got the star that you can refill... which is a brilliant idea!  It's also a perfume you need to try before you buy.  It is very strong, and at first it may knock you off your feet.  But give it a chance.  Most people love it.  I get compliments on it HOURS after I put it on.  So, it's definitely long-lasting.  Give it a try!
positive There are certain accords in fragrances, similar to a specific chord change in music,  which knock you off your feet. I won't bore everyone by listing some though. There is a moment in Angel which sent shivers down my spine. This is when, about 5 minutes in, the blackcurrant/peach note emerges from the fog of chocolate and patchouli -- it is truly exquisite. For one instance, I was thinking I could pull this off, but the rather long and powerful drydown is too feminine for me. This was the EDP and it is very potent. That burgeoning accord, while it lasted, deserves a thumbs up on its own.
positive I AM ABSOLUTELY CRAZY ABOUT THIS STUFF. Since I'm out of Shalimar right now, it's my favorite scent I own. 

Yes, Angel tends to be  a love-it-or-hate-it topic; that's because the fragrance is so very original.  Olivier Cresp (TM's perfumer, who built Angel) clearly has a yard of guts, and so do the folks chez Thierry Mugler; I'm told Angel just didn't sell for the first two years, but they kept making it and let it find its audience.  

And, boy, does this fragrance "work" on me!  I love fragrances with strong and unexpected contrasts between the top and bottom notes, and some light and space in the middle; Mark's White Vetiver does this rather badly and Fergie's Outspoken Intense does it pretty well, but Angel is the mack momma of this style.  All that bright soft  sweetness up top and then that BIG patchouli note underneath. . .I'm just gone on the stuff.  I'll wear the men's version when I can get a dab of it, too, though I haven't worn it enough to talk about it intelligently.
positive YUM!!! Luckily Angel now works with me, it didn't always, I used to HATE Angel with a red hot passion! I think the reason I hated Angel previously was not only because of the mega dose of patchouli that assaulted my nose upon first spray but also because I was putting one spray on each wrist and that was just too much!! I attempted Angel again while studying up on Innocent (which I like a lot), I kept going back to reviews of Angel and was intrigued by how blank and white the reviews seemed, people either loved or hated Angel with very little so-so in between. I dug out my sample and squirted it on a q-tip then lightly dabbed it on my wrists, I did still get the strong patchouli but it was much milder and the dry down was to die for, on me it's a blend of deep dark chocolate, a touch of vanilla and patchouli. I've now graduated to one spray on my wrist then lightly rubbed on the other wrist and lo and behold I actually LOVE the patchouli now!! My husband loves it too! I think Angel really comes down to personal chemistry, it smells wonderful on some and horrible on some, I also think it is frequently over applied and that's why it has such a bad reputation, if the over sprayers would lighten up you'd probably get more compliments and less scowls. 
positive Well, I have waited a good long time before sampling Angel.  The fact that it has all that patchouli in it has always scared me off.  I have never liked a lot of patchouli in a fragrance.  All that said, I finally took the plunge and tried my first Thierry Mugler scent!
The first whiff was all sweet, sweet fruit and linament! "Oh, boy"  I thought,"here we go."  Now, I know better than to judge a perfume by its' top notes alone.   So I waited patiently for the dry down and what do you know?  Such a pleasent surprise!
Every note seems to meld together in the dry down into a lovely, edible (and not to terribly sweet) accord!
No wonder this scent has always been touted as a ground-breaker!  Well done, Thierry Mugler!
positive This is my mother's new signature scent. I've given it her for her birthday together with my sister (it's really expensive!).
I liked it very much on her but when I tried it on a little, it didn't smell good. Very nauseating on my side.

Then, after a few days my sister and I went a little grumpy saying: "Have you sprayed your scent on?" when she just sprayed it on.
It's very heavy on the beginning and after a few days, a little annoying in the beginning.
But after a few minutes it gets back to great.

The biggest downturns on this fragrance are that it's so damn expensive and that the star-shaped bottle can't be put standing upright.
positive I like this its very masculine and feminine equally so it should be Unisex because Im a man and I wear it all the time and its more masculine than some of my other colognes lolz but its great it smells like a chocolate candy shop with a hint of berrries and plums and some patchouli and little bit of honey. If anyone like gourmand scents this for U but becareful this thing projects like a titanic so watch how much u spray on U or U will suffocate but im very happy to own this fragrance!
positive I have a hard time understanding why Angel is a love-it or hate-it scent, because I can't imagine anyone not loving it.

This is a fragrance for women who aren't afraid to flaunt their femininity, and don't care whether you like it or not.  Angel is raging feminine sexuality, grabbing you by your hair and pulling you in.  I get weak at the knees any time the smell of Angel is nearby.  

If you're going to wear Angel, at least do it right.  In other words, don't wear this discreetly.  Angel is strong and it's loud, and it should be worn that way.  Spray it in your hair for maximum sillage and allure.

This isn't a perfume.  It's a potion.

MY RATING:  10/10
positive Angel was one of the most  groundbreaking and influential releases in the early 90's mass market perfumery. A magistrally creafted and very rich fruity gourmandic frangrance that became huge all over the world. Chocolate, coconut and candies with melon and mandarin on top and floral hints throughout. An unique combination of notes to create a deep, sweet and very distinctive scent awarded in the FIFI hall of fame in 1997.

Fortunately / unfortunately (depending on the point of view), Angel had an incredible commercial feedback so that in a certain period almost everybody used to wear it. In the mid 90's any bar, club, restaurant, disco or public space was filled by the loud smell of Angel as any girl /woman used it in huge amounts, so it fastly turned to be irritant and nauseating.

Now, after almost two decades, time has done its part and it seems that many persons forgot about this fragrance so that Angel can be wore again, but please ladies...be careful with dosage.

A landmark in perfumery and a mandatory try.
positive This was an impulsive buy. I don't really like it on myself as I think it is too loud and I have to say I like loud perfumes. Cristobal by Cristobal Balenciaga has a very similar heart and base, but possibly more  elegant and with a wonderful sillage. 
positive Just slightly gourmand, we could say. This infamous fragrance is, in its aroused angular feel high in the air, the olfactory "metallic" equivalent of a sugared almond flavoured by anise and chocolate, overall with a mentholated aromatic backtaste. It's indeed sweet, floral, metallurgical and aromatic in an icy-mentholated way. Angel is not properly mysterious but classic/chic, icy/romantic, fairy, starry and paradoxically vintage/glamour with its bombastic rooty-icy-candied patchouli. It's in tone with a frosty metropolitan night out, while the wearer is commuting from a club to an other one. The citrus, the aromatic icy "water", the flowers and some herbal elements are prominent at the beginning but express their own power throughout the development. Angel in short enters just one foot inside the gourmand territories and the chocolate-caramel accord is toned down in comparison with the denser A*Man. What is undeniable is that this futuristic scent is weirdly "glamour/retro" with its cool-warm, smooth-metallic splinters of stary patchouli-vanilla. Angel is a plutonic blend of creams and alluminium, a brash mix of choccolate, harsh citrus, fruits, flowers, vanilla, caramel, honey and earthy patchouli watered and aromatized in a synthetic and mentholated-balsamic way by the link between lavender-helonial-coumarin. The blend is surrounded by many further complementary elements. Angel is a mix of contrasts and over this state of things it roots its modern strength. The beginning is industrially hesperidic in an almost off-putting sugary way. It's like a clanking rattle of  iron scrap. In a second phase the elements start to intersects mutually in the right way disclosing a silkier milky-soapy-aromatic side with an iceberg floating inside. Angel is proudly synthetical with a bombastic projection and a not less emphatic longevity. A winner on the market and among the young ladies as well as Hypnotic Poison but far in a far better way for sure.
positive This is the one perfume I keep coming back to...in the past I have always found a new scent to wear, about once a year or so. Angel is the only one I've ever purchased twice. It's my go-to signature scent, the one that comforts me and makes me feel sexy and confident.

That being said, I won't get into HOW it smells, as there are so many reviews about that. I will, however, point out a few things I've noticed that make this scent even more unique. 

Angel smells completely different on paper/clothing than on skin...if you don't like it on your skin due to the smoky camphor note you get the first few minutes, try it on your clothing instead. 

Also, I know some will say not to rub your wrists after applying, but I always do with this particular scent...reason being, I find the smoky burnt candy notes go away rather quickly after this and the heart notes kick in faster. I'll admit that the heart & base notes are definitely the highlight of this fragrance, at least for me. 

Lastly, this is the only scent I've ever worn that changes so much as my body temperature rises. The honey/melon/peach notes are at their peak when I am very warm...and men seem to really love this fragrance! 


Dec
15
2008 

positive I was scared even to try this one. But month ago I've find out that my beloved Angel le lys is discontinued (whole Garden of star collection:( ), so I've decided to give a chance to her older sister (mother?). I've expected a sweet bomb - chocolate, vanilla, candies, sugar, honey, fruits... And I got patchouli. Nice one, polite, a bit sweeter than in Eden for example but not sweet. Not loud, not cloying, just well behaved patchouli with some strange spices. And I love it:) I still prefer Angel le lys but Angel itself is pleasant surprise. And nothing to be scared of (on me).
positive Man. Candy.

I'm reviewing this from reverse: I haven't worn it, but I've smelled it on many.  And oh my goodness do I ever love it.  My girlfriend (a Basenoter who shall remain nameless) says I'm a poser for even admitting I like this, but I can't deny my true self.  The truth will out.  I love this stuff.

Quite literally, four of the last five times I've asked a woman "OMG, what is that you're wearing?" she's said Angel.  While that certainly suggests something about my taste, it also suggests something about my total inability to recall utterly commen scents but we won't belabor that point further here.  Moving right along.  I love this stuff.  I dream of its candylike beckoning.  I want more.  
positive Chocolate, chocolate, chocolate, yada, yada, yada. I'm not eating a candy bar here. My first encounter with this was after significant dry-down. A delicious, complex variation on patchouli, which I am just a sucker for. Just got some for my wife - we'll see how that works out. So far, just tried some on myself. Early on, I pick up a somewhat annoying sour note. This disappears and improves over a little bit of time. Not quite at the patchouli point yet, but very pleasing. Quite impressive.
positive Pervasive instability of mood, impulsive aggressiveness, a frantic drive not to be alone, serial crises.  Yes, Angel, it’s borderline personality disorder.

negative Oh Angel, how I wanted to love you...but you hate me....

I have tried this fragrance twice on the strength of the positive recommendations from this (and other) forum(s) and twice I've had an absolutely horrific experience. The first time I tried Angel (in a major department store) it smelled so bad the sales girl literally towed me to a make up removal station and tried to scrub it from my arm. My four year old son made the "yuck" face and refused to stand on that side of my body.

Why go back the second time? I thought, "this can't be right...everybody says Angel is divine...maybe that first bottle had turned." Oh no. I am convinced Angel HATES my body chemistry. The second time smelled exactly the same but this time the sales person at the perfume counter tried to tell me it was lovely as she(unsuccessfully) tried not to make the "yuck" face herself. (Side note: Don't lie to us salespeople...we CAN smell ourselves.)

So what did Angel smell like on me? No disrespect intended to those of you who wear Angel, but on me it smelled like rancid fruit. I also got a note of something that smelled like rotting meat. On others- chocolate, on me- rotting things. Another cautionary tale about the importance of body chemistry. So a one overall but a five for longevity. Why? Because it smelled revolting for about 15 hours even after all attempts to remove it/cover it up with something else/shower.

On a side note...none of the Mugler fragrances smell as they are "supposed" to on me and I am now really curious about it. Angel and Alien really smell repulsive on me but lovely on others. Womanity smells good but not the way it was intended. Anybody have ideas about why these Mugler fragrances would behave this way on me when no others do?
negative Oh wow...this was a fragrance I didn't want to last on my skin! I couldn't believe it. So, many love it. It sounds like a fragrance I would love. But, on me, everything meshed together into one big bad sweet smell of ick.
negative When I first smelled this I liked it. But, when I sampled it there was something there, just beyond the sweetness that reminded me of a sweating hot dog vendor in mid-summer.  Tried it three times and couldn't get past that smell. 
negative I am sure that all the devils in hell wear Angel, Samsara, Youth Dew and all the other loud and cheap fragrances.  Angel is so disgustingly sweet and strong it gives me a headache and makes me feel sick to my stomach whenever I am too close to a woman who is wearing it.  I just can't understand how such an awful stench could become so popular.  Why on earth would anyone want to smell like a dessert cart on steroids?
negative I definitely need to try this one on again as so far my experience of this is more akin to Angel of Death than something heavenly. I remember sniffing it in Liberty's in London one winter in the 90s - and absolutely loving it. Then everyone started wearing it. In high quantities, in crowded tubes in summer and smoke filled clubs with poor ventilation at nightime and I hated it.

A friend wears this as her signature scent so it is tolerable (prob cos she's an angel herself) but I still can't help but feel choked whenever I try it on again in a shop and try to recapture that first sniff. 

Smells like death by candy floss in an overheated elevator to me and I would never inflict this on other people in the dog days of summer - unless I didn't like them. Chokingly sweet, overbearing, totally unsexy and impossible to wear lightly IMO. Yuck!
negative Oh dear, what can I say about Angel. I was apprehensive about getting this, especially as it was a blind buy but at the price I got it for I couldn't complain. I loved the sound of the sweet, chocolate notes, plus I thought it's reputation would speak for itself.

I'm not adverse to saccharine sweet fragrances, but I didn't find Angel toothache inducing - more HEADACHE inducing. My temples start pounding before the drydown. I know that Angel is regarded as the queen of gourmands but it doesn't make my mouth water at all - what berries, chocolate, caramel, vanilla??? Maybe a bit of chocolate, but after a while all I get is unrelenting stubborn PATCHOULI! I was expecting something a bit more "tasty", and I was disappointed.

I can actually imagine this as a car air freshener, and that's not something a woman should smell of.

Angel is a very unique fragrance, I can't deny it, but it's far too strong and sharp for me and my sensitive migraneous head.
negative Everyone can dislike or like this fragrance, but one thing is certain: Angel Is UNIQUE and different.

I fall in love with A*men (the male version) some years ago, and i never try angel until yesterday.

What can I say? Maybe many diferents notes for one scent?

The male version has many differents notes too, but in A*man the notes of Mint, Coffee, Patchouli, milk and caramel have some direction. Making A*man more Warm and Gourmand.

I think Angel fails in this aspect because is a extremely strong spicy Fragrance, there isn't a note that temper the others, so the first 15 minutes is unbearable, Who the hell can wears this?? I never could and I like spices, but this is too much!

Vanilla? this smells anything but Vanilla, i think this is more like an oriental Spicy.

There is something good about angel and I think it is the drydown, this part smells very similar to the male version, maybe now I can smell some vanilla, but this happens after four hours of been wearing this scent! It's just a pity!

I can see Coco chanel saying: Woman's need to smells like Woman, not like a strong Spicy Dark Chocolate.

neutral After first reading the notes in Angel, I wanted to love it. On the right person, it smells wonderful. But I've smelled it on people (most notable one sitting next to me on an airplane), where it was overbearing, cloying, and smelled like the person was unwashed. I must admit, though, that it doesn't smell as unpleasant to me now as it did 10 years ago. Maybe I'll give it another ten and try again.
neutral Okay I can see why people like it but...

It totally smells to me like "apples dipped in honey for Rosh Hashana" from when I used to goto Temple as a kid...

Not for me... 
neutral 
I like the smell on other people, sometimes, but PATCHOULI ALERT!
If I apply it I will scrub my skin red to get it off--it's extreme.
Somehow it smells like it is better-made than Angel Innocent, even if I can't wear Angel. I absolutely can't wear it, it took a few tries to realize I really, really don't like it.

I share the opinion that the abusers of this fragrance give perfume-wearers a bad reputation. It's downright unjust!
But those with the lightest hand simply like to have their cake and smell like it too...
It's my mother's favorite perfume, so thank goodness I don't hate it. I don't smell it frequently either, women around here prefer Coco Mlle., Light Blue, J'adore, Juicy stuff and the likes....

positive If I were a dragqueen I would wear Angel, here's why:

FAAAAABULOUS-first-sniff-impression

It's 6' 4" tall (without heels)

It's so conspiciously feminine there's no question about who's the most FAABULOUS LADY in the house

Yet, it's suspiciously masculine - as Luca Turin sharply puts it, Angel has an adam's apple (that brilliant patchouli!)

Did I mention it's FABULOUS?
positive this did not work in summer's heat for me at all. however, re-tried on a whim in the cold of winter and it turned BEAUTIFUL --and very sexy-- on me! I have officially become a HUGE Thiery Mugler fan: many of his fragrances have reacted similarly on my skin. The notes also vary greatly with "time of the month" which attest to the depth and genius of TM as an artist-advocate for all our feminine sides!
positive It's summer, and you know what that means? I'll be wearing gigantic orientals, their sillage amplified by a quarter-inch of sweat. It's considered gauche to wear loud fragrances in summer, but I completely disagree; all the big orientals- Youth-Dew, Opium, Angel- seem positively designed for this kind of sweltering provocation. A good layer of sweat really brings out their "COME HITHER, YOU BIG MAN" qualities. Speaking of Angel, I think it might have surpassed Youth-Dew as my all-time favorite perfume. I got my star refilled at Nordstrom last week for the nice price of $45 and I've been wearing it continuously for the past week. It's just such an endlessly fascinating and disturbing fragrance, and it's impossible to categorize or understand. It was released in '92, well into the onset of what Chandler Burr calls the "anorexic oceanics of the 1990s", yet it is a throbbing, room-filling fuck-off power-woman scent in the 80's OpiumPoisonGiorgio style. It straddles the line between male and female despite being intended for and worn mainly by women; an ultra-femme pink cotton candy note is strangled to death before your eyes by a virile, throaty patchouli. It is one of the most successful perfumes in history and is available at Wal-Mart but it does not in any way comply with the American imperative to smell "clean"- in fact, it smells positively raunchy, as though body odor and sweet musky shit-stained panties were layered with rotting fruit and topped off with a post-apocalyptic stripper pole. Its advertising is counter-intuitive and designed to distract potential customers from what it ACTUALLY smells like; the packaging is light blue when the juice smells a sinister glittery brown. Sales-associates will inform dimwitted women that it smells of chocolates and sweets, when it smells of death and the infinite beyond. Ad copy refers to the "tender notes of Angel" and "memories of Thierry Mugler's childhood"; Angel wearers clearly lost their innocence LONG ago and now confront everyone they meet with the olfactory tenderness of snorting jagged shards of blue sugar glass. Angel is worn equally by conservative women (allegedly it is the signature scent of both Laura Bush and Hillary Clinton) and women of the night (numerous sources have told me of its popularity among erotic dancers). AND IT WAS A HUGE HIT! More disturbing is the nicotine-like addiction that Angel induces in the wearer, necessitating the purchase of (literally) hundreds of bizarrely named ancillary products ("Celestial Showers Gel"? "Perfuming Hair Mist"?) in an effort to preserve the scent on skin for the rest of your lifetime. The addictive part of Angel, the really good part, is that first blast of body odor and rotten fruit that fades within a few minutes, so the wearer is forced to continually reapply to get that kick. The more you wear it, the more you become anosmic to it, so you keep putting on layer upon layer upon layer, achieving a Baby Jane-like flaking pancake makeup effect and making you smell TRULY filthy, TRULY like you have been living on the streets and selling your unclean body for weeks. As Anais Reboux says to Roxane Mesquida at the beginning of Breillat's "Fat Girl", "You reek of loose morals." They have soda fountain-style REFILL STATIONS at all major department stores, for Christ's sake! I indulge in dreams of taking foot-tall Slurpee cups to Nordstrom and demanding that an effete, tittering male sales associate fill them to the brim, at gunpoint. How on earth did you get away with it, Mugler? Around the time of its release, sales associates were instructed to forcefully spray it on the arms of confused women, look directly in their trembling eyes, and tell them, mantra-like, "THIS IS A FRAGRANCE FOR A UNIQUE WOMAN. NO ONE ELSE WILL SMELL LIKE THIS. A UNIQUE, UNCOMPROMISING WOMAN WOULD WEAR THIS. IT IS UNLIKE ANYTHING ELSE". I'm not kidding, this is how it became a success. They still talk like that at the department stores, too, when they find out you're an Angel fan, in the thick, lascivious tone of a depraved Madame speaking to a whorehouse patron with particularly exotic, violent, and possibly illegal sexual tastes. They'll spray you with the latest seasonal version ("Angel Soleil au Fraiche Summer Fraicheur Energizing Oil Cream" or some such nonsense, available for a limited time only) and hold your arm with their lacquered dragon talons, hissing that there are LOTS of people out there who like Angel and you needn't feel guilty or immoral for it. AND IT WAS A HUGE HIT!

One of my best friends who happens to be a mortician told me an amazing and frightening story. While preparing a corpse for its funeral, she was handed a bottle of Angel and instructed to spray it all in and around the coffin because it was the deceased's favorite scent. Angel, which already smells of death, follows its wearers TO THE GRAVE. 

Update 1/15:

In the six or seven years I've been heavily into fragrance I've worn just about everything. None of these love affairs have lasted the duration except for Angel, which I still have to keep a bottle or three of around as a reminder of my true fragrance identity. IMO there has never been such perfect top-down design for a fragrance in history-- there is the scent itself, which everyone knows, and then there is the perfect avant-garde marketing emphasizing the danger of wearing such a polarizing scent ("Beware of Angels"). There is the ironic name, which acts to throw off the consumer's perception of the filthy scent in the way that the homoerotic Le Male bottle draws both camp homosexuals and the cartoonishly masculine. A large part of Angel's appeal to me is that it manages to alienate both fragrance snob bloggers and the average consumer that wishes to smell clean; the former with its ditzy image and popularity and the latter with its intense evocation of filth and sexual raunch. It's a difficult muse and varies wildly from day to day and in different weather but that's part of the fun; sometimes you feel like sticky syrup at the bottom of a trashcan and sometimes you feel like a pristine Arctic wonderland. I wear it year-round because when you love it, nothing else will do. Mugler has done well in the last two decades of Stalinist industry regulations in preserving Angel; of course it's not as extreme as it once was but it still smells terrific, like itself, and has that medicinal shock that keeps the cult addicted.
positive A few months ago I gave this a thumbs down and wrote the following:

At first I just loved Angel but it is a scent one tires of quickly.  I also smell it everywhere I go so it has become a little ordinary.  I haven't worn it in awhile so I think I might just get mine out and give it another go.

Today I give it a thumbs up.  I did get mine out and wore it.  I fell totally in love again.  It just smells warm and comforting but at the same time very sophisticated.  I would love to talk about top notes and bottom notes and silage (which is very good) but this perfume is all emotion to me and a good one at that.  I will definitely be wearing it more often.
positive Cotton candy and caramel combined with armpitty patchouli and musk, in a bizarre tango that shouldn't work but somehow does. Masuline and feminine in equal doses; works just as well, and smells just as raunchy, on both sexes. The definition of a "love it or hate it" scent: if you love it, you REALLY love it, and if you hate it, words cannot express how much. Inarguably a must-sniff for patchouli fans, gourmand groupies, and anyone who's ever wondered what a cotton candy body spray would smell like on a porn star after the director yells "Cut!".
positive One of my perfumes of my mid 20's. Loved the candied bergamot so much, bought it here and in Paris (a little cheaper at the time). But another trip to France, I was schooled on Molinard, which I'd seen at home, but ignored. But there was Nirmala in a lovely old fashioned, blue bottle. Very much like Angel, but the ingredience smell of a garden in Grasse. It's interesting to find variations on a similar scent theme.
positive What a daring fragrance! It is not a secret that Angel is not a traditional feminine scent.  However polarizing it is, I find its gourmand strength to be particularly suited to a crisp fall evening. The vanilla notes do not burn off as easily, and I always feel particularly warm wearing this scent as I wander the rainy, foggy nights. Angel is rich, complex, and unabashedly decadent - like a earthy red wine. I find it is easier to pull off Angel after having washed my hair in a light vanilla-scented shampoo. It enhances the patchouli, vanilla, and jasmine notes.
positive love it.  Always end up going back to it. People will know you're in the building when you wear it. Not for the faint hearted
positive Love it-works with my chemistry! There is nothing like it period. That said it's not safe for enclosed spaces or office wear- it can overwhelm its environment! Incredibly original statement fragrance ( nobody wears it in this neck of the woods ).
positive Minus burnt rubber, it smells very close/virtually identical to A*Men; just weaker. This is what I first thought of Angel when I smelt it.Angel is a demonic patchouli and chocolate scent that befouls its neighbors but blesses the wearer. It accosts your friends while being your only friend. It greets your with warm cookies and leaves everyone else in the patchouli brush, pricking every single one of their limbs so as if to say, "HELL YEAH!" in a overly dramatic tone.This scent is so polarizing... it makes me love it for some reason. Please, for the love of any deity, wear only a spray of this. It can really ruin someone's day.
positive I went through a bottle of this beauty quickly. It's perfect for any time use. It has a pepper, caramel, citrus quality that won't offend the office in daytime, then shape shifts to a musky, patchouli dark chocolate suitable for nighttime wear. The scent blends to you and becomes your signature. It was noticed by noses wherever I went. In dance class, women stood close to me and marveled at how good the room smelled. The only problem was, my husband didn't like it and found it overpowering. I agree with a review above in that the name Angel, which connotes something light and atmospheric and dreamy and pure, isn't right for what this is. It's sweet, yes, but there's also a darkness to it.  
positive Angel - on the overwhelming side, but let's face it... it's delicious.  Angel got me interested in A*Men and the offshoots like Pure Coffee, and I'm grateful for that.  So that led me to checking out the Angel variants, specifically this years 2010 Sunessence Bleu Lagon.  It's an effervescent masterpiece of an interpretative angel infused with a sparkling fruity/citrus top end, and far better constructed mid/base without the cloying honey drenching of the original.  So, thank you Angel for leading the way to this years version - it's a big time keeper.  
positive You simply can't go wrong with Angel. Being one of the most popular and well-known fragrances in the last 20 years, Angel still manages to stand out in a crowd.This is a delicious and very unique scent, the first of its kind. It's sexy, dark, mysterious, sweet and memorable. Surprisingly quite controversial, it seems that you will either love or hate this fragrance. I personally adore it and love wearing it especially during Winter or on a night out on the town.When I first apply Angel to my skin, I get a very distinctive mandarin note. This mandarin is fresh, juicy and raw, smells exactly like the actual fruit. Minutes later Angel begins to smell like gingerbread men and vanilla, I can even sense a chocolatey note, but perhaps more like a mug of hot chocolate rather than a block of solid chocolate.I find it difficult to control my sweet tooth when I wear this fragrance. I feel compelled to walk straight into the nearest bakery and buy every sweet pastry I can afford.Don't be fooled by the name, Angel is in no way innocent and heavenly. Demon would be a better suited name for this scent.I suggest that everyone try this at least once in their life because like Chanel No.5, it is quickly becoming a well-known classic.
positive Never thought I would like this scent - or rather, never thought it was for me. It sounded just too gourmand, heavy and foody for my liking, not to mention it's thought of as a 'loud' fragrance (referencing Luca Turin), and one of the first fragrances I ever owned was another 'loud' fragrance that I was never able to pull off, Gucci Rush. A salesperson offered me a sample, and I do like it. I find it rich, but not heavy (unlike Organza Indecence), and I feel more comfortable wearing it than I thought I would. When I first spray it on I can't stop smelling my wrist. For me the best part is the early stages though, with all its rich delicious gourmand notes. Then Angel dries down to a dry masculine patchouli base on me, and it was this stage that elicited a comment from my mother that I smelled vaguely of an old man.
positive This is the finest fragrance ever made. I have been waiting to review it for a year now, thinking I'd somehow find words to describe the finest fragrance ever made, but I can't. So this is my review. It's the finest fragrance ever made. And it isn't sweet. Not to me. It's dry and crazy. And really unique. And it changes all day, and it lasts. And everyone loves it on me. It's the best fragrance ever made. It was given to me as a gift - how do you like that? Who figured a person could randomly give a surprize gift of perfume, something so subjective. Yet here's my review. I am a perfume junkie, it's what I hoard, it's what I love - and this - It's the best. 
positive This is a fierce cold weather perfume. Strong patchouli, chocolate and vanilla that wears like an edible massage oil. It's great on my woman, and when I come home late from work and smell this, I get really, how should I say, hungry. There is nothing coy or shy about this scent. While this may have been worn by everyone when this came out, I just don't smell it around anymore.
positive While initially strangely herbaceous and reminiscent of weedy smells, Angel brings the words fruity, rich, sweet, and powerful to a new level. The period after the strange herbaceousness smells like a rich fruit compote with chocolate cake in the oven next to you. After that, it descends into a carmely, chocolaty, rich scent. Patchouli makes a feature in the end, letting you know that's what has been making this so interesting all along. Lasts on my skin over 24 hours. Crazy.
positive Jeez I love this scent!

When I run into a woman wearing this, I am at an immediate loss for words and rationale thought. This is kyroponite to what little machismo I may have.

Seems to be a very polarizing scent. A lot of negatives in here proportionate to the positives. I nevertheless find it intoxicating. I always get a bit of the cotton candy scent and some patchouli, but never the chocolate.

When I smell Angel in a crowd my heart beat quickens and my head spins until I find the source. 
positive As we all know fragrance smells different on each person so the idea of a signature scent is really rather funny since we already have our own scent and perfume just adds to it. Poor "Angel" she has unfairly been label a whore when a saint is really what she is. It's peoples misuse of her that has tarnished her good name. Angel was new and different and ready to be loved and loved she was. Then the imitators begain to appear talk about "whores" and very cheap ones at that. When I wear Angel I feel very happy and those around me feel happy. So I will continue to wear her and defend her honor. May Angel live forever!
positive I tend to favor sweets over florals and Angel dances along one hell of a scent spectrum to satisfy everything I want in a fragrance.  Angel starts out dark, intense, and sexy, then shifts to a lush sweetened fruit, and then finally settles into a dessert-like treat---I can't say enough to explain how wonderfully complex Angel is.  I wore it many years ago and for whatever reason stopped...  I've taken up with Angel again recently after this hiatus and love wearing it, especially because the staying power is strong and I only need a small amount to last almost the entire day.

negative My gran wears this, bless her . She's diabetic and loves mirangues. It smells like diabetes would if it had a smell. 
negative Angel” is the scent of powdered sugar, the inside of an aluminum orange soda can, patchouli, and raving rabid homicidal bee froth. It is the fragrance the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse would wear if the Four Horsemen were War, Pestilence, Death, and Tooth Decay. It is the scent of a terrible emergency, and no one should ever smell it. I need to borrow several thumbs down to fully rate this.
negative no need to buy it. To recreate Angel go to a bar and tip a pina colada down your front. Cheaper and more fun.

neutral Recently, a flight attendant walk passing through me. Long before we're crossing each other, she was reeking this stuff and I can sense it clearly..

Im not sure if she wear the man version or the woman version.. But one thing for sure, it definetely overapllied and bombed the entire plane as she walk around it..

Giving around 3 second of : aahh i wanna bite you, honey

than several minutes hangover of : ughh i can't stand it anymore, please go away, i'm begging you

Well I think it's quite good if not overapllied. Otherwise, you're becoming an active nuclear radiation everywhere you go, reeking this stuff.
neutral I am late to the Angel party, and I think that I should have stayed home. My first reaction was "Lolita Lempicka minus anise". Actually, this is a strawberry sundae sprinkled with patchouli and topped with whipped cream. And this is the friendliest patchouli that I have ever known! I don't really like it, but I don't dislike it either. It is what I thought Miss Dior Cherie would smell like but didn't. For whipped cream, I prefer Un Bois Vanille. For a slightly gourman patchouli, I prefer Coromandel. I do like the strawberries, but I doubt that I will be in a strawberry mood very often. Having said all of this, you must give Angel a try just for the novelty of it all!
neutral The star-shaped bottle is very gorgeous, I admit. But the name does not suit this obnoxious fragrance at all. It should be called Demon of Glutton, for the only thing I can smell in the first 2 hours of spraying this is heavy vanilla biscuit soaked in alcohol. True, it's pretty yummy sniffing my wrist, but it's also completely overwhelming. This is one of those fragrances that, if it doesn't interact with the right body chemistry, will wear the wearer, instead of the other way around. 
neutral Before I tried Angel, I was afraid of it.  I first tried Angel, and I hated it; it was burnt rubber and everything else that people on here had warned of.  Very soon after, I was absolutely in love with it and felt incredibly alluring.  I applied the whole sample soon thereafter.I never bought a bottle, but my Angel Saga did not end there.  Last summer, I took a vacation with my boyfriend to Malta.  Everywhere we went, my boyfriend commented, "what is that horrible stink that I smell everywhere?"  It was none other than Angel.  I smiled at first, but after awhile it got on my nerves and made my stomach turn once again.  I wonder, is it destined to cause such a manic-depressive response in me and so many others?  It is not sort of cliche.  Maybe if people forget about it for awhile, I can rush to buy a bottle, but for now I am in hate.  I still have to rate neutral only for that brief lusty feeling I had toward it.
neutral I first tried Angel during its UK premier at Harvey Nichols in London. As well as the usual testers, and free samples of fragrance, you could help yourself to Angel flavoured chocolates, which were delicious. I thought Angel's sugary, chocolatey notes were wonderful. I immediately purchased the 15ml Glamour Spray (which looked like a smaller version of the Angel stars, with a silver band round it's outline, and a silver cap, held onto the bottle with a silver chain). I think this has now been discontinued. The Glamour Spray cost £89, and was refillable.I soon discovered that though I loved Angel that has been sprayed on a card, or on someone else, on me it a pineapple note develops, which overpowers everything. I gave my bottle to my mother; on her it proved an even worse disaster, developing a cat urine smell, which would not go away. Angel has come along way from its premier, and is now one of the most commonly smelled fragrances, and is sold everywhere from department stores to discount hypermarkets; it is by no means exclusive.All said, though I cannot wear Angel myself, I will sometimes smell it on someone, and it has turned into the beautiful crisp sugary chocolate concoction I remember smelling at its premier. 
neutral I loved it for the past few years...lately I find it cloying whenever I put it on..and am looking for a replacement. I still like my L by Lolita Lempicka and used to wear Coco, Opium Obsession - I like the oriental end of the spectrum....I wish Fendi hadn't discontinued Theorema!
neutral I think Angel was the Opium of my generation. I remember reading about it before it came out, and there were quite a few of us desperate to get it... it was a topic of conversation... there was a buzz.  And getting it meant a special trip into NYC from suburban CT, as it was only going to be available at Saks. It really didn't matter what it smelled like, because by the time I got to that counter, I had been dreaming about those notes (chocolate... in a perfume!?), and that gorgeous blue bottle, for so long, there was no way I was going to be deterred at that point. And I actually loved it. I thought it was AMAZING!  And everyone else did too. Initially. And then sadly, after a year or so, the whole world seemed to be wearing it too. And too much Angel, as we all know, is not a good thing. I hope a younger generation will rediscover it at some point in the future, and it will take its place amongst the greats of all time. But in the distant future.
positive At the moment, I'm seeing this entry for Chanel No. 5 plus entries for No. 5 edp and No. 5 edt. This entry, then, is seemingly for the parfum and the edc. They can smell a lot a like, depending on which versions you get, and I've also smelled an edp of No. 5 that was the same / similar to some parfum and edc versions.

There are interesting versions of No. 5 that vary from the main idea (skanky edc's, really strong, beautiful edt's, and a recent edp that smelled off), but most of the versions I've tried establish the same smell: powdery aldehydes and jasmine plus woods. It's a perfume on the lighter side, but beautiful in its subtlety. 
positive Chanel No. 5 (1921) is an icon of perfumery, respected by people regardless of whether they like it, for what the perfume is, has done, plus how both the art and industry have been shaped in its wake. Perfumer Ernest Beaux proved his worth to Gabrielle "Coco" Chanel with No. 5, and the scent was many things to those who smelled it: a floral, a chypre, a status symbol, and a groundbreaking work of olfactive art with an unprecedented amount of aldehydes for the time, giving No. 5 its trademark plush opening which itself became a hallmark adapted for many future mainstream Chanel perfumes. There really isn't much more that I can say which hasn't been said by better people than myself, and Chanel No. 5 is a perfume nearly everyone in the Western world has either worn or at least smelled whether they're aware of it or not, but I'll try. Simply put: Chanel No. 5 isn't just an aldehyde floral, but is -the- aldehyde floral, and the perfume most people think about when they think of "that perfume smell", with a cosmetic empire carrying the Chanel double-C logo built upon its shoulders. Women predominantly wear it, but men can wear it (and have), with nearly anyone having the potential to enjoy it regardless of age, which is a difficult feat for any perfume to achieve, let alone one from literally another age. I won't lie, once you get past all the historic social impact hurgusburgus, the actual smell of No. 5 is the furthest thing from new and exciting, because like most things made ubiquitous from popularity, the style it pioneered has been done to death by others. Like Fougère Royale (1882) is to the fougère and Guerlain Shalimar (1925) is to the oriental, Chanel No. 5 to the floral genre a foundation that has been pushed, pulled, tugged, and imitated ad infinitum ad nauseam, but I can imagine how impressive it must have seemed in the early years. 

The huge aldehyde and bergamot push is soothed by lemon and neroli, a billowing opening that becomes a golden halo instantly recognizable when anyone wearing No. 5 walks past. The four core florals of jasmine, rose, iris, and ylang-ylang have been often featured in many perfumes since No. 5 launched, but here they are blended to perfection and unadorned with additional floral or spiced notes like past perfumes, forming the balanced core which is pure sunshine alongside the gushing top. The base is jam-packed with things from aromatic sandalwood and oakmoss, to verdant vetiver and patchouli, warm amber and vanilla, with a deftly light application of musk and civet to mix with intimate animal attraction of one's skin smell. All the resplendent top and heart notes really keep No. 5 from being anything remotely lewd, but it is alluring in the teasing manner in which one bats their eyelashes at a potential suitor. Most people born long after this scent had seen its heyday won't read even one iota of sexual provocation from the dry down of No. 5, thanks to the cultural ingraining caused by everyone's mom and grandmother wearing the stuff, but such is how it goes with long-lived popular perfumes. Overall, the golden floral that is No. 5 just feels like happiness bottled, with the only real competition it faced being the aptly-named Patou Joy (1930). Gender, age, and context are all illusions with this one. If you like it's voluptuous splendor, wear it and be happy. From my personal experience, Chanel No. 5 is admittedly hard to reach for, even as somebody open to perfumes marketed to the opposite sex from mine, simply because all the matriarchs in my family wore into the ground growing up, so I was enveloped in clouds of No. 5 the same way a man is consumed by fogs of Axe/Lynx spray at a gym. 

Even then, I acknowledge a level of comfort and gilded confidence in sniffing No. 5, a grace not found in the bitter 70's green chypres and poise missing from the terrible tuberose bombs of the 80's. Performance is all over the map for a scent with so many available vintages, but pure Parfum is the definite all-day radioactive glow of aldehydes, may rose, and aromatic fullness for which the scent is known. Eau de Parfum is the quietest in my opinion, with a soft-spoken low-sillage introduction to the main accord dialed down for intimate affairs, while the Eau de Toilette is technically weaker in formula, but has sharper citrus for greater sillage coupled with more-evident bite in the base, leaning more-masculine. The long-gone Eau de Cologne was almost "No. 5 for Men", with bergamot, aldehydes, rose, oakmoss, vetiver, and sandalwood stealing the show in the leanest, meanest incarnation ever produced, but also with shortest lifespan. Sampling is super easy because this stuff is everywhere, and of course I recommend trying because in case you've lived in a cave all your life, you need to at least know what all the histrionics and hype are about. I also think enough generations have lived and died that the style of No. 5 is beginning to finally borderline on irrelevant to the tastes of most young adults not versed in perfume history, so while we're at no risk of losing No. 5, recent flanker efforts to introduce "younger" iterations of the legendary accord prove to caution that some level of awarness needs preaching from its long-held fans to ensure future generations understand and appreciate this cornerstone of perfume. That's not to say every woman needs this in their medicine chest the way every guy is indoctrinated by his father to use Skin Bracer (1931), Old Spice (1937) or Pino Silvestri (1955), but No. 5 is an experience very much worth having. Thumbs way up.
positive Don't go for the lesser versions, or the newer updates (all the various concentrations and new formulations of No. 5). Go for the best: the parfum. The parfum stays with you and adapts through the day. By evening it's out of this world -- not by being overpowering, but in its subtle beauty. It's divine. 
And don't save it for special occasions; wear it as a day fragrance and love it. 
positive The aldehydes are "crisp".  Faint, but there, notes of citrus and neroli.  Thankfully, the heart notes come quick enough.  For some reason I don't care for the aldehydes in this.  I used to.  I used to love this perfume.  However, I haven't worn this in over 21 years.  I am thinking it must have changed.

I smell the jasmine, rose, ylang ylang, and lily of the valley in the heart.  Later, a peak of iris that adds a powdery-ness.  This redeems No. 5 for me, as I was beginning to feel very disappointed.  The base reveals some amber, patchouli, musk, civet, and vanilla.  Civet isn't too strong here, to my nose.

The eau de parfum version IS much better than the EDT.  I'll finish my decant of the edp.  A full bottle will not be on my radar.  I had loved this at one time - perhaps it was because my father would always give me a bottle for special occasions and I associate No. 5 with those lovely memories.
positive What a difference an age makes. When I first smelt Chanel No.5, I was in my teens and I  didn't like it at all. In all honesty I thought it was over-rated. Now a few decades later I love it. The ylang ylang and iris, stand out first for me, and  it dries down to a musky mix of sandalwood, a delicate hint of cedarwood and finally wraps up in a warm vanilla. I definitely feel this designed more for the older woman, perhaps because in our youth we tend to marinate in fragrances rather than appreciate the individual subtleties in a lighter spritz.
positive I've been a wearer of Chanel No 5 for several decades and of all the perfumes I have worn it varies more from one concentration or product or era to another than any other perfume in my experience. Therefore reviews of the scent in general leave me a bit in the dark as to which No 5 is being covered. The two products and concentrations I prefer and am reviewing here are the eau de toilette and parfum, which I find resemble each other most of all available formats, and which, although they have evolved over the years, retain the classic No 5 DNA the most.

I am a big ylang ylang fan and the parfum and edt seem to bring it out more than other versions. I think one also has to enjoy powder and aldehydes to like No. 5. The edp to me is an entirely different scent, in which the rose and jasmine stand out more. I also find it "louder." The edt and parfum do not project as much but seem to hover like an aura around the wearer and puff up from time to time during the day.  The "Chanelade" drydown is evident still, although today's edt is lighter than in the past. 

My mom didn't wear it but it was the signature scent of my best friend in college. During that time I abstained so as not to steal her thunder but once we went our separate ways it was all mine to enjoy! I find it discreet, refined and extremely easy to wear.

Oh--one more distinction: the edt available here is made in France and judging from former testing, is drier, not quite as sweet and powdery as the one made in USA.
positive That grandmother smell.
positive This is a positive review. I haven't worn it during ten years of parfume passion. I just smelled the bottle once. I don't know what was pushing me off. The popularity. The myth. The "madame" side of it. 

It won't become a favorite. But I'm here at the airport waiting for my flight and I feel pride and comfort for wearing it. It will follow me for twelve hours and I'm happy I chose it. 
positive Anyone who has watched home shopping channels for any length of time has heard the phrase "you wear it-- it doesn't wear you."  Now this is supposed to make you feel superior (with your whisper of scent) to those of us who still like to strut it (in the olfactory sense).

"The Five" does now, as it always has, wear me.  And I don't mind a bit.  

In my tiny wardrobe, I don't wear No. 5  or Panthere de Cartier as often as I do the others, but when I crave them, nothing else will do.  

For what it's worth, I have never craved any of the 21st Century flankers-- they remind me of hearing the Blue Danube Waltz-- played on kazoos.  Gimme the real thing, already!

positive Timeless and extraordinary, say no more...
positive I feel like I should be writing some sort of complicated review comparing all the concentrations and versions of No. 5, but really, I love the extrait.  That was the first version I tried and the version I ended up buying.

I think it's essentially an example of a perfect perfume.  The topnotes (sparkly lemon champagne and powder), the mid notes (soapy flowers deepened with clove and spices), and the base (super-creamy, rich musks and sandalwood over a full chypre base) are all great.  And the way the different themes interact with each other as the day goes on are always gorgeous and carry an engineered precision that is almost impossibly complex but also achingly beautiful.

Required sniffing.
positive For about 20 years I occasionally sprayed some of this from a tester, and what I got was somewhere between 'bottom of the fridge' and 'nothing', and I thought of it as actively unpleasant.  What was wrong with me?  It's glorious, but for some reason it never clicked for me until last year, when it sneaked up on me and showed its true beautiful nature.  Now, almost without me realising, it's my second-most-worn, after my great love, Mitsouko.
positive To paraphrase Cameron Crowe's Almost Famous, I'm about to go where many, many others have gone before, and try to say something insightful about Chanel No. 5.

I hadn't owned a bottle of No. 5 in so long that I was afraid I might not even recognize it, when I found a bottle of the discontinues Elixir Sensuelle on eBay.  I missed that train the first time, so I snatched it up.  To be honest, I was worried that it might be old, or even fake.  But I popped the top off, and there it was--that same, strange, elusive, weird, tickle.  

How to describe it?  Actually, trotting out the old Marilyn Monroe warhorse can be helpful, because Marilyn was a lady of very particular tastes.  She loved the color white to the point of obsession.  She loved Champagne.  She loved going without underclothes.  She did not love the "Happy Birthday, Mr. President" dress, but she knew it was a dress that "only Marilyn Monroe could wear."

Wearing Chanel No. 5 feels like fizzy skin of microscopic fireworks on the sheerest layer of silky golden white.  (Describing the scent is like describing the sound of something that's almost beyond your range of hearing. It's the wearing that counts.). It's like wearing the stuff of Marilyn's Mr. President dress, but you don't have to be sewn into it.  And you can wear it for whomever you want.  It feels like electricity.  It feels like magic.  
positive This is the perfume that my life partner seduced me with. Chanel flats. Black and gold outfit and all.
Have often sneaked some of hers. I think though, it is better suited to the Feminine.
I wear Bois des Iles and Cuir de Russie often. They are better suited to my skin.
To this day, when I pick this up, on any woman,
it has me stand up to attention.
positive I'm so pleased that I have waited this long to experience one of the great classics. Chanel's No. 5 is almost indescribable. It brings tears to the eyes. I won't try to explain the ethereal effect, the simultaneous depth and lightness of this great perfume.

What I wanted so to do was to run to my records and see how Coty's classic L'Aimant fared date-wise with the Chanel. They are so similar, but the Chanel has a depth in its base notes that so anchors the elusive whisps of Ylang, Neroli, Jasmine and Rose, so between the two, it does come out the winner.

I found that Coty's L'Aimant (1927) trailed Chanel's No. 5 (1921) by three years.  I am humbled.

I love them both.
positive I actually got a sample of the super expensive pure Parfum version of this scent, just so I could actually compare it with the EDP formulation I sprayed on my wrists a few days ago. The pure Parfum version of Chanel No. 5 is definitely one of the most perfect and beautiful feminine perfumes that has ever been made, hands down. I didn't really think so until I smelled it in that particular concentration, but yes, in the actual Parfum (Not the EDP) I think this perfume is a masterpiece. Unfortunately it IS prohibitively expensive, but I think it's worth splurging on if you can afford it and have the chance to buy it. I'm not as crazy about the EDP formulation that I tried on at the drug store the other day. It is essentially the same scent, but it doesn't come across the same way. Mostly, with the EDP my main thought is just "soapy, clean scent." Which is nice, there's nothing wrong with it, but I wouldn't pay a lot of money for it. With the pure Parfum formulation my first and immediate thought is: "beautiful, perfect perfume." Definitely worth the price. I probably should have tried the EDT formulation as well before writing this, but wasn't able to yet for comparison. But yes, the Parfum is gorgeous. Five stars, definitely. 
positive Marilyn Monroe always comes to mind.. I believe that should be enough to say about a timeless classic that is still a mainstream best seller and that has been talked about for just about a 100 years now. The epitome of sensual.
positive I have several vintage bottles of the perfume. I still put this one on when I want to lounge around in the morning, drink my coffee and read a book. It smells so luscious. When I am ready to get going out the door. I spray some Eau Premiere on the top for some wake up energy. 
positive Salutation.

To speak of the gorgeousness of No.5 is redundant,It is a goddess.Everyone who knows me well knows that i am not a big fan of CHANEL fragrances but as my reviews are truly then let me say this is supremely sophisticated.one of those fragrances that is absolutely unforgettable just like ANGEL,SHALIMAR and...one rooty perfume that is natural,queenly,fresh and just Fabulous.Sensual yet Laylike at the same time.

Striking and subtle notes of aldehyde and fresh air with weird undertones of precious woods and musk mixed into the perfect blend but the natural floral scent in the heart is more spectacular as it is very feminine and makes you think of a field of white flowers in the morning.it is not at all overpowering yet it stays with you really unique and beautiful and something you can totally imagine the creator smelling like.

The base notes are quite warm and musky on my skin. This timeless classic is excellent for anytime wear.one application to either neck is enough to cosume your entire body when you walk by another person for that person to notice you smelling great.A perfect fragrance for a perfect lady who so attend to class and tradition.


Sillage?Fantastic.

Longevity?Lasts and Lasts.

7.75/10
positive I do not think it makes sense to speak about the liquid of this perfume! My grandmother used this fragrance, and I suspect that even my mother uses both Laltrove 1002 and Chanel  No. 5. This fragrance is a beginning, a total break with the past. For the first time a perfume was produced by someone who was not a brand of perfumery, for the first time the use of synthetic molecules becomes a point of strength, for the first time the packaging is not a pompous crystal amphora, but a simple bauhaus bottle. This fragrance was a really school for perfumery and also represented the key reference point for all movements of innovation in the field of fragrances. What happened then? Nothing. For nearly a century the whole perfumery has contented itself with one purpose: to sell. There are only two scents that have attempted to regenerate the dusty world of fragrances: Escentric Molecules 01 and Peety by O'driù. The rest is: tabula rasa!
“Fashion is made to become unfashionable.”
Coco Chanel
This reviewer may have conflicts of interest
positive Beautiful. Have been fascinated with this perfume since I was small, and finally at 40 bought myself a bottle of the EDT. Actually, I bought the EDP first but was nearly knocked over by the strength of it. The EDT is much softer and just gorgeous. As the Chanel website says, you can spray it liberally and it just envelops you in this lovely cloud. Lasts all workday and I've never had a complaint, stays fairly close to my skin but I catch little delicious whiffs of it all day. The bottle is nice and feels luxurious, and the scent is pure luxury itself. I just love it. Soft but interesting, with different notes developing all day long. I never get tired of it. 
positive This has always been the first fragrance using, besides neroli and ylang-ylang, aldehydes heavily in the top notes and afterwards, and whilst it gives a certain sparkle to it I am not sure whether it is necessarily a sign of quality, but it certainly was a novel and creative idea.  The main wonder of this creation, especially in its original perfume version any years ago, has been the supreme quality of the roses; so delicious, natural and beautifully balanced by the classic jasmine notes.  The sandal in the base used to be of great quality, but over the years it has become a bit less special.

I get very good sillage and projection with a longevity of about nine hours in the perfume.

The original perfume is a classic - 4.5/5. 
positive This wonderful fragrance deserves its iconic status.  Men love it on women and women love to wear it--for a reason.  The sparkling aldehydes, the floral heart, the musky, vetiver base--it is beautiful through and through.  It must have been mind-blowingly original when it first came out and the way that Chanel has developed the brand--which has become a cult--is amazing.  Comforting yet elegant, totally feminine, it is as the Catherine Deneuve tagline went: "one of the pleasures of being a woman."  And yet.....  Is this the greatest perfume of all time?  Is this the quintessence of the perfumer's art?  Is this truly timeless, or a time capsule?  I wonder.  What I do know, though, is that the world is a better place because of it and women smell great in it and I am happy for Chanel's success in continuing to find new generations of wearers of this classic French scent.
positive Thumbs way up for a beautiful classic! This is the singular exquisite fragrance for women...floral and sparking with true read fragrance oils and a wonderful base of sandalwood and aldehydes. Feminine and dignified. Lasts for hours (8+). Exquisite!
positive Vogue's august editor, Diana Vreeland, as with many other of her pronouncements related to fashion, was spot on when she said that Chanel No. 5 really is the greatest fragrance for women.  And although, in the nearly 40 years since she made that statement, there have been other excellent fragrances, it's hard to think of a scent that says "formal" and "ready" like Chanel No. 5.  Others work fine for casual wear, but none I think come close to supplanting this fragrance as a woman's armor for the most important and intensely scrutinized of life's activities, engagements, and occasions.  The fact that most wearers don't see it as an everyday scent only serves to reinforce this.  It is truly a regal fragrance.

negative One of the most disgusting things out there... Chanel No.5 with it's huge dose of civet, giving any girl or woman wearing it a cat pee smell. 

It probably somehow triggers a pleasant, primal feeling though judging by its fanbase. 

I can only assume this is related to the wearer getting a feeling of being able to 'mark her territory' in modern day society. And also being able to stand out from the crowd, albeit in a bad way.
negative Absolutely horrible. 

Chanel No5 is the most overrated awful perfume on the market. It couldn't get worse. Being exposed to this fragrance is equal to a violent attack. It's crude, loud, repellent, foul and completely unsophisticated. It's designed by a perfumer with no sense of smell, no refinement of any sort. The only imagination Chanel No5 can conjure is that of a worn-out Parisian brothel filled with workers long past their due date.

The bottle is beautiful though and the only reason it sells.
negative I really wanted to like this.  I tried it several times and to no avail.  It just doesn't smell good on me.  Unfortunately instead of getting the florals in the heart notes or the woods, amber, vanilla etc in the base, I just get a big ole dose of Civet that shines through and trust me, it is not a pleasant scent.  I wanted to like and wear it because it reminded me of my mother, but it doesn't smell on me the way it did on her.  I am going to have to give this away to someone and hope it smells good on them.  

neutral This iconic, legendary behemoth of the perfume world is a mystery to me.  Others speak in hushed tones of its brilliance, its sparkle, its ability to transport and transform the ordinary into the exquisite.  I want(ed) so very much to love it, much like my desire to love seafood or The Tragically Hip.  Alas, like them, it is not to be.  I have tried it at very different times throughout my life, (EdP & EdT), and every time it is an exercise in aversion.  To me it smells like I am trapped in an old lady's sitting room and she is repeatedly whacking me with a bundle of  faded, blowsy flowers.  Over and over.  I remember my mother had a bottle of No 5 that sat, untouched, on her dresser--it was the source of my first "try".  And the bottle then remained untouched by me as well.  Maybe it's genetic?  I give it a neutral instead of thumbs down, because I know in my secret heart that I will surreptitiously try it again...
neutral I come at No. 5 unhindered by any associations with female family members or acquaintances wearing it - nobody I know is that classy. I had been testing the EDP for years now, just a random spritz here and there when I was in a perfume store, just to make sure it was as deeply repellent as I had remembered it. The EDP never disappointed, in that regard. 

But recently, I was on my way back home from a holiday and realized I had forgotten to pack my precious little decant of Bois des Iles for the plane ride home. I am an extremely anxious flyer and have found that the calming scent of sandalwood is practically the only thing standing between me sitting quietly in my seat with clenched buttocks, a silent moan of terror trapped in my throat, and running down the aisles butt naked screaming "We're all going to f*^$#&ÎNG DIE!!!!". It is safe to say that I was mildly disconcerted to find that I had no sandalwood on my person. As was my husband. Anyway, in desperation, I looked at the bottle of No. 5 EDT on the duty free shelf, figured there had to be some good sandalwood in the base, and so spritzed it on liberally. It worked. The EDT has a rather short performance trajectory, so I was well into a glorious sandalwood dry-down by the time I was boarding, maybe 90 minutes later. It is true that I may have bruised my husband's forearm during take-off, but at least there was no screaming and naked antics from me, for which we are all truly grateful.

The slight similarity to Bois des Iles in the far dry-down had me intrigued. Was it possible, I wondered, that I could get my ruinously expensive sandalwood fix through plain old No. 5, which is, compared to BdI extremely easy to find and not as hard on the wallet? I conducted a little investigation. I bought a small bottle of 1940s/50s pure parfum from a Basenotes member, as well as a small purse spray of the EDT (current version). Here are my thoughts:

The Good: The vintage pure parfum is simply exquisite. It is a smooth, round thing of beauty. They say that Chanel has secured the harvest rights to all the best jasmine and roses in Grasse for generations, and you can tell. I would not be surprised if they have St. Peter under contract to collect the tears of angels in heaven for this too. The florals are deeply abstract, super-blended, and buttery in the way only Chanel can pull off. I can't identify a single one of the flowers used here - it's like they picked some flowers, dipped them into liquid gold, waited for them to dry, then broke them up into little pieces and put them back together all mismatched, like a sort of Picasso's Desmoiselles d'Avignon, with the the bottom part of the jasmine welded to the top of a rose. It is all very fuzzy and abstract.  Later on, I detect something pleasingly animalic in the dry down, as well as that soothing sandalwood.

The Bad: The extreme abstraction comes close to feeling synthetic at times, and there is this weird plasticky netting cast over the florals, as if the golden, fluid smoothness has been pushed to the brink. In the parfum, this plasticky feel manifests itself as a semi-pleasing sort of nuttiness, like unsweetened almond essence. It is an odd effect, like I said, half-pleasing but half-unsettling and synthetic, and I am not sure that it belongs. I perceive this plasticky, almond thing in the parfum to a small but noticeable extent in the pure parfum, but not at all in the EDT, leading me to think the effect is due to taking the abstract richness a step too far. 

The Ugly: The EDP takes this plasticky effect to the florals and pushes it to the limit of my tolerance. Actually, the EDP smells like burning plastic for much of its development on me, and it is quite unpleasant. It is joined by a synthetic note from the laundry or household detergents aisle in the supermarket. 

I enjoy the EDT a great deal, perhaps the best out of all the versions. But it is surprisingly light and last for only three hours on my skin. What I have taken to doing is dabbing the pure parfum on pulse points, and then spritzing the EDT all over my body, so that I get both concentration and volume. Then I am surrounded by a lovely fug of golden scent all day long. 

I have to add two important things, though. First of all, putting on No. 5 is a conscious act of melding with the madding crowd - there is nothing to tell you apart from the legions of women who put it on just because either their mothers did before them, or just to wear something famous. There is nothing about it that says "Hey! I am wearing No. 5 because I choose to, based on the notes!" You will just smell like everyone else (well, of a certain age). For those of us who like to express some aspect of their individuality through choice of perfume, putting on No. 5 feels like you are willing accepting to be an anonymous face in the crowd. It is so recognizable and such a cultural shorthand for luxury, class, and "poshness" that it has, I find, a depressing sort of flattening effect on your own individuality. And you can't bend No, 5 to your own personality either - forget about it. You can wear it defiantly with shorts and flip-flops, but your smell will still say "I am a posh woman, slumming it today. I have my pearls and twin-set waiting for me at home". 

Lastly, I discovered that although No.5 is an acceptable short term alternative to Bois des Iles for a plane ride home, it really cannot replace Bois des Iles in the long run. Note to self: Just buy Bois des Iles and be done with it.           
positive My mom gave me this perfume as my wedding gift in 2007 and I'm still halfway through. It is and still is my mom's all time favorite though. Honestly it wasn't my total favorite but the scent is acceptable and I usually wear it for special occasions like dinner parties or weddings due to it high silage and superb long lasting power. It is seriously a very strong perfume, so use sparingly. It lasts all day so only a little is needed. Smells as if there is a billion types of flowers being squeezed in a bottle. Classically powdery but nice and warmth. It surely made me feel classy and in control. Super pricey indeed for me but will buy it again if I ran out. Reserved only for special occasions only.
positive Mistakenly received this in the place of Allure Sport. I had a good fifteen minutes before noticing the sample's label. Plenty enough time to be hooked. Even though my typical favorites are very powerful masculine scents via 70's, 80's, 90's, I will gladly wear this out the door with no fears.
positive I couldn't afford it in my youth and always borrowed my mothers. It was my something borrowed on my wedding day. I have always got some in now that I can afford it.
positive Review for the Vintage EDT.

A truly perfectly balanced floral done in the way only Chanel could do. It is delicate and classy as well as being alluring and sensual, as if giving off a warm glow around the person who wears it, like a soft, golden "aura" following them.

It is subtle, but it compliments your own natural skin beautifully and it a natural way... as if enhancing your presence and making you feel beautiful and confident at the same time. 

Ernest Beaux, the genius that he was, knew women so well, this fragrance seems to work and adapt differently on each persons skin. It has universal appeal... and works well with women of ANY culture, creed or generation. There is a reason why this one is hard to beat, even after 90 years, and why it will still be around 90 years from now.
positive For mature women only !When I was in my twenties I would have never thought to go to the chanel counter in my shopping center. Because I just thought to myself Chanel no way. In my thirties as well. But now in my forties I decided to give Chanel no.5 a try all I can say is I love it.  The is really for a mature lady who can figure out its not about a old lady scent that most imature people would say but a scent for a big lady lol. A mature woman. Ive been wearing and alot of people ask me what iam wearing I tell them its a sercet.Pros: classic, mysterious, alluringCons: none"
positive Poster child of Aldehyde perfumesIf you like aldehydes, this is for you.  Despite the one-star negative reviews, this fragrance has been around for nearly 100 years.  It is a classic.  The aldehyde theme is neither cloying nor floral, but sharp and clean.  If you like fruity, floral, or sweet fragrances, stay away.  100 years of satisfied customers can't all be wrong...
positive Lovely...Classic	Received this as a free sample with a Chanel order.I wish my wife loved this as much as I do. Sexy without being trashy, sophisticated without being stodgy. There's a reason it's been around as long as it has. Timeless.Pros: Sexy and sophisicatedCons: None
positive I have to admit, I didn't want to love this one.  My mother wears it and has for my entire life and at first spray I can't shake the sensation that any second she's going to catch me in her bathroom and usher me to the babysitter while she and my dad get ready for a night on the town.  I wanted to casually try it and then move on, leaving No. 5 in the care of my mother and countless other ladies.

Yes, at first it is everything that I associate with my mother and perfume.  That extravagant opulence of the 80's, the carefully constructed hair laden with hairspray, the tinge of something unnatural that may be a cigarette or perhaps a drink, the strong invasion of flowers too profuse to fit within a vessel. Then something very interesting happens, after an hour this sculpted Venus began to respond to my own chemistry and emerged as something I had not expected.  No. 5 takes on a fresh and vital chracter on me with perdominant rose, a faint rich cream, and powder, but surprisingly vetiver has become the star.  Wow, it is beautiful!  Suddenly I begin to see how Coco herself, Marilyn Monroe, and my elegant-but-nononsense mother can all wear this sparkling, striking, masterpiece.

If you've never tried this for yourself for fear of smelling too much like someone else, you may want to consider giving No. 5 a test run.  You may be amazed at what she has to say about you!  
positive OK, this is going to be different.  I'm reviewing this based on how it smells on friends & family.  Some wonderful scents go rancid with my body chemistry or don't match up with my personality and lifestyle, this is one.  But I love smelling it on others who are lucky enough to be able to wear it.

It has a light floral scent to me, and maybe something like powder.  Expensive powder!  Pleasant & soothing, it seems like a year round evening scent.

positive I wish we had the option to rate with simultaneous thumbs up–thumbs down. Neutral is never appropriate for Chanel No. 5…

Thumbs up:
This is a post-modern work of art. (OK, a very pretentious statement, but let me explain). Whenever I smell Chanel No. 5 a classic symphony orchestra innocently chugs away while a loud distorted guitar screeches relentlessly in the top register. Somehow, the orchestra was brilliantly tuned to the guitar, allowing the dissonance to coalesce with the violins resulting in a haunting Gothic architecture (complete with flying buttresses—haha). This is the stench of bodies rising from the dead. Superb. 

Thumbs down:
Chanel No. 5 is the opposite of inviting; it is telling everyone around the wearer to stay away because we are going to war and expect to die. As a fragrance, it is more like war paint instead of make-up. Maybe that is the whole point, but yuck. Please stay away from me, Chanel No. 5.

positive This was my fragrance many years ago; given up at a time of great change. I always liked it's heady presence. It is unmistakeable. Anyway, here I am years later feeling nostalgic. I've invited it back into my life, wearing it occasionally when I want to noticed, and remembered. Welcome back my friend.
positive Timeless, classic and classy. I love the complexity of No. 5. Over the many hours that it lasts with my chemistry it magically morphs from one very recognizable scent to another. I haven't tried another perfume that manages that feat. 

While the scent is amazing, it's really too powdery to really be "me" (I'm more of an amber/citrus/floral girl). That being said I do enjoy wearing No. 5 from time to time. My mother has a bottle and I "borrow" some from her occasionally.
positive I am a (gay) man and I love #5 so much that I wear it myself as it works well on my skin.  I can also be perfectly layered atop a more masculine woody or leathery scent.

It is the purest jasmine scent I know, and it is so well constructed with all ingredients in perfect harmony that it is like listening to the London Symphonic orchestra or probably more accurately some French opera.

Though preferably used as an evening scent (perfume) this is the olfactory equivalent to a floral burst you get after prolonged rain, when the sun pops open all flower buds and they all ooze their fragrance into the open air on a perfect spring day.

If >>Shalimar<< is the slightly louder more "slutty" one (the 'Samantha' of perfumes), then #5 is definitely the more distinguished, romantic, big dreaming 'Carrie Bradshaw'.

I love this fragrance for it oozes class and luxury with the familiarity of "baby powder". Sheer amazing!
positive No. 5 is always the smell you have to be patient for. It begins so blunt and rides out so slowly and with unflustered ease, you begin to wonder what's so special about it. I remember smelling it for the first time as a teenage girl and thinking "Dust? Dried roses? Doilies?" Foolish, youthful me. 

Now I it's my black boots, my beige sweater and my nude lipstick of fragrances. It seems to go with everything. 

The powerful jasmine and ylang ylang that sparkle like matte sequins, the inviting sandalwood finish and the hint of rose are all part of the experience. I find the EDP to be long lasting, but not as whisper smooth as the other formulations. I find myself using the Sensual Elixir like parfum when I go out and applying it before bedtime. It should be noted that the Elixir does have a thrust of vanilla not found in the other formulas.

The drydown is intermittently my favorite part, especially as I go to bed. It's powdery, but cool and not heavily spiced or laden with sweetness. It's almost green, but not as green as No. 19. 

Now I wear it almost every other day. It's definitely my "safe" choice as the familiar aldehyde and jasmine scent is not exactly groundbreaking or thought provoking. It's just that aura of simplicity, svelte spirit and the feminine that keeps me anchored and confident. 
positive I'd never wear it for two reasons.  Firstly, I feel it's still a wee bit old for me.  And secondly, it reminds me of my darling mum.  To have this scent, so evocative of mum, every moment of the day, would just be too much.  She's in my thoughts all the time anyway.  But as it reminds me of her, and she was a very beautiful, way ahead of her time, feisty but gentle, very feminine little star, I have to say it is a stunningly beautiful, elegant scent.  I wish I could wear it, as I think it oozes class.  But even at 44, I still don't feel grown up enough for Chanel No 5.
positive If there is no Chanel No. 5 in heaven, I am not sure I want to go! This regal fragrance is sophisticated and classy to a fault.  This is THE classic perfume par excellence.  In fact, I would be as bold as to say it is an eternal fragrance.  It is still going strong after 90 years which in itself is no small accomplishment.  I wonder how many fragrances created in the 2000's will still be around in 2090...  My guess is:  not too many.  Ernest Beaux was a real genius.
positive Just imagine for a moment that a scent was a piece of music, No. 5 would to my mind be The Flower Duet by Delibes, now every woman wearing it is hearing the Flower Duet in their mind and they're entranced, floating along lost to the outside world.
It's lovely but everyone else has to listen to the music too, and just once in a while we'd like to hear something else. 
A great scent but overexposure has dulled it's beauty. 
positive This is an absolute classic. If I had a love of my life this would be it. I have been picking this out of my mothers dresser since I was 5. 15 years later, it is still my signature fragrance. So warm, so luscious, so sophisticated - a real masterpiece. 
positive The challenge of Chanel No. 5 is making her your own. 

It can feel weird to try to fill the big mommy shoes of this fragrance but so worth it when you do. Dry and warm and sweet and floral and legendary, basically the whole package. 

This venerable aldehyde-laden floral potion holds her own, even after all this time.

This get three thumbs up from me: for the parfum, the edp, and the edt.



negative 
That body chemistry should differ greatly from one individual to another should come as no surprise.
But after reading so many reviews - not just here, of course - praising or lamenting, whatever the case may be, this perfume's "greenness" or "freshness" I have no choice but to conclude that some noses are from Mars and others from Pluto. (Even though "sex symbols" have been traditionally used it in its marketing, I could not bring myself to associate it with Venus.)

To my nose, there is more "greenness" and "freshness" in a whiff of olive oil (or any oil, for that matter) - and I am not exaggerating for comic purposes. 
It is not an entirely off-the-cuff simile, either, because that's what Nro 5 reminds me of spontaneously: of an almost solid greasy substance, reminiscent of a lump of lard,  in which a  cloyingly sweet flower scent drowned a while ago, dying an agonising death, and has been decomposing ever since. (I suppose it is the precisely the hint of organic decomposition, a common impression conveyed by Bulgarian rose, not to mention civet etc., that makes it so appealing to others.)

To make matters worse, there is its famous longevity. It jumps you as you walk by and then clings to you, come hell or high water. (Literally: every time I had tried to give it a chance, from different bottles, no amount of water and scrubbing could  get it off, not completely. It may not be a coincidence that each time I was also overcome by a powerful headache and faint nausea.)

In case anyone is wondering about my skin type (which is relevant, of course): it is on the dry side (not overly so), the kind with almost invisible pores, that rarely sweats. My sweat often smells honey-like. Even acidulous scents turn sweet(ish) on my skin.

On others, it fares no better, as far as my nose is concerned. It's greasy, dull, cloying and utterly uninteresting. Worse: due to its over-marketing, now it has the unpleasant added effect of branding the wearer with an aura of conventionality in my eyes. As much as I try to fight the thought (and I really do try hard), my first impression of a Nro 5 wearer is that she is a lady who is easily swayed by advertising and possibly cares a LOT about other people's opinions.

As a serious collector and perfume lover, I know all about this perfume's history, and I couldn't care less about its historical value, except in the context of, well, the history of perfume. Wearing it for its historical value would be tantamount to wearing a 1906 bathing suit because it was oh-so-modern in its day.

Interestingly enough, this is the only Chanel that I hate. There are a few that I am indifferent to, and two or three that I positively love and wear.



negative So disappointed with this one. I purchased it without first trying on a sample, going simply by all the rave reviews out there and its classic stature. Too powdery, and despite having the EDP, it did not last well on me either. Just shows how subjective this world of fragrances is :)
negative As a perfume fanatic, I thought I ought to own it. But I didn't wear it. Occasionally I would spray a little onto my wrist and sniff it on and off over an evening at home. To me No.5 is a bit like going to a gallery and looking at a painting you find ugly but it just sold for $100m so you think you should admire it without really understanding why. I had EDT.

neutral Not my style, smells o.k., not memorable to me.  Best left for my Mom to wear but don't love it/hate it either way.  Obviously a timeless classic for so many people so worth having in a collection, just not mine.
neutral Chanel No. 5 edp (***)

No. 5 edp is great until you realize it smells like Baghari, only with a heady floral section to make it float and a Polysantol slab to weigh it back down.
neutral It was Christmas, I was 16 and my poor Mother had been nagged to weariness over the past 3 months about L'heure Bleue,I'd never smelt it, but I fell in love with the romance of it. It took such a leap of faith for my Mum to spend so much on a perfume for a child, that I pretended to love it. But I didn't.I resolved to wear it for a week, and put it in a drawer, never to be smelt again.The next day, leaving the house, to go out to the cold, dry dark I thought, Casmir? Van Cleef? No, I'll HAVE to wear it.So I did, and in the cold, dark night, it came alive and I fell in love.
Its a cold, dark night,20 years later, and I left the house hoping to fall in love with the slighty clove medicinal floral greeness that I get from my chemistry with No 5. But I can't.It doesn't warm, it doesn't change and then dazzle on me, it's just kind of, meh, and may go in a drawer, never to be smelt again.But, although I certainly didn't nag for this one, don't tell my Mum.
neutral "This was my mother's perfume..." Thus probably begins many reviews of Chanel No. 5. I have seen people accuse it of being an "old lady" perfume. I can't say I find the scent to be "old lady" so much as "perfume." For me, those perfumey aldehydes just don't work. On me, it smells like hostess soap. As a young woman, just establishing herself after college, I preferred the crisp, green of No. 19.

On my mother, however, it was lovely. She had many fine fragrances in her collection, but No. 5 was "hers." My cousin Joan wore Shalimar, her sister Irene wore Je Reviens, and their mother, my Aunt Mary, wore Joy. On each, her chosen perfume was lovely, but whereas my 20-something-cousins seemed to "wear" their perfume, my mother and my Aunt became their fragrance, or rather, it became them. After having so often complimented my cousin Irene on her Je Reviens, she gifted my mother with some. It was awful on her; it smelled like the worst possible cheap soap (even worse than No. 5 smells on me). It was hard to convince her that on her this wasn't the exquisite essence it was on my cousin, and I was left with no great opinion of Je Reviens. Thankfully, my mother returned to her No. 5.

Many years later, as I kissed my cousin Irene good-bye after a visit, I was greeted with the most entrancing scent. "What are you wearing!?" I asked, astonished. "Je Reviens," she answered, as if to say, "what else?"  I had not remembered it being so wonderful. Not long after, when I visited her sister Joan, I was greeted by the most celestial garden of spice, and after the same, shocked "What are you wearing!?" she nodded, knowingly, "Shalimar." Years earlier, I had not sensed the spiciness of that "powdery" vanilla.

What is this long tale meant to illustrate (apart from that the women in my family have excellent taste in perfume)? That, even among the closest family members, there will be great variation in how fragrances present. We all know as much. But there is a theory I have developed from this experience as to why some people consider perfumes like No. 5 to be "old lady" perfumes--because their best expression is achieved on older women, and so we associate the scent with older women.  My cousins had to grow into their perfumes; the fragrance, likewise, evolved on them. This isn't simply a matter of maturity or class. As women's body chemistry changes, as their skin density changes, so too, I believe, does their fragrance. (Not to be too sexist, here, I imagine the same happens with men, but we don't yet have a generation of mature men here in America who boldly wear what are considered "women's" perfumes to test this theory.)

Not long before her death, as I brought my lips to my mother's cheek to kiss her goodbye, I smelled the most perfect perfume. I couldn't describe it as anything in particular--just the most wonderful and perfect scent of a woman. When I asked the inevitable "What are you wearing!?" she said, "Chanel No. 5, as always."
neutral This perfume was so avidly promoted on a friend's Open Diary page a few years ago, that I went out and bought it. To me it has a baby-powder esque-ness (that is so not a word, lol!) that cannot possibly be escaped. When I think sexy I think My Sin by Lanvin, or Coco by Chanel. When I think, what bottle of perfume is still sitting in my car? Oh yeah, Chanel No. 5... picture the really attractive blonde in the corner that is gorgeous right up until she opens her mouth, and yes, there you have it... 
neutral THE CLASSIC! Well... maybe. but its not that good. Since i wasn't quite familiar with this fragrance till relatively recently, i was stunned by the fact that it smells THAT soapy. Its really prevalent.
Yeah, its a decent scent, i wouldn't dismiss it or want to tell people to wear something else since it is pleasant. But its really nothing far-out there. Buy it if you want, i like it, but wouldnt fall in love with it. Neutral.
neutral So this is the one that started Attack of the Killer Perfumes.
I can't wear this because of the aldehydes. It comes across on me as harsh with airy hairspray florals, and develops surprisingly little. I suppose if my skin and nose liked aldehydes I might see the loveliness of this classic, but I do not. This strikes me as the start of that slow slide toward what we all now recognise as the dreaded department store perfume smell. Now I know which one to blame. It also always had a little funky note to it from the animalics, so N°5 really isn't destined to be a fragrance I will wear.
Edit: i tried N°5 in parfum formulation and its beauty shines through what seems much reduced aldehydes. I can see its classicism, so I've revised my review to neutral. They seem almost like different fragrances to me. At any rate, as a parfum, it is luxurious, smooth and feminine. It still had the problematic little funky note, but this is better than it has ever smelled before.
neutral Radiant and futuristically chic back at time of its inception this chemical concoction stands out still on the stage nowadays. It's unique, indeed instantly recognizable. Synthetical and floral-aldehydic Chanel N. 5 is a chilly-radiant, cosmetical and powdery-gasseous scent that smells like a cloud of soft ambery musk over which are scattered petals of pink and white roses side by side with jasmine. A proud iris enhances the powdery sophistication in the central part on the side of lily of the valley and this middle stage performs as a perfect balance of floral patterns. After few minutes of a slightly hesperidic fickle blast this blend turns out incredibly cool, spacious and glamour with its initial floral blast of sensual ylang-ylang but it does it paradoxically with a retro, luxurious and nostalgic touch as well as you'd take a plunge in a colonialistic age of high class ladies in white dresses strolling along the Royal Pavilion with their umbrellas under sun. Some sweet woods provide a right dosage of woody delicate mildness. The final trail is yet balmy/aldehydic and woodsy with a touch of severe patchouli, a rooty hint of vetiver and a subterranean aftertaste of orange. The soapy-aldehydic effect is anyway not creamy or resinous despite amber and vanilla but instead powdery and airy because of the fluctuating and aerodynamic aldehydes effect which provides a sort of balsamic frosty "glaring" substance, anticipating the glamour talky temperament of many aromatic and balsamic powdery upcoming creations of the current modern market. This nostalgic piece of history deserves respect and I do it even if by its "peaceful" translucent cleanliness it does not fully satisfy my ideal model of naughty, sensual and gorgeous floral femininity.
positive I've read books, and plenty of reviews of this one. I'll start the way these reviews always do, and say this, I can't say anything that hasn't been said.

I adore my vintage versions of this organic liquid. They've taken on a life of their own. I like the androgynous Eau Premiere, the EdT is classic, the extrait is divine, the EdP is a bit heavy (and my least favorite), but I love the masculinity of all of my coveted, hoarded, and much sought after bottles of EdC. I wear the old EdC, and continually baffle people when I respond that it's #5.

There is a #5 for everyone, and, at some point, you'll learn to like at least one of them.
positive One must give Number 5 a good rating.  Who am I to negatively critique a timeless classic?

However, my 83 year-old grandmother wears this scent, and it is perfectly fitting.  Enough said.
positive Chanel # 5 is vivid and bright like a light filled canvas by painted by both Van Goph and Matisse.  Even its shadows  shimmer with the intensity of aldehyde spiral glows but its over all impact is the serenely elegant design of timeless florals that transcend florals or anything else fo earth and nature into a glowing radiance. This is perfumery beyond abstraction.  This is perfumery as effanescent radiance.

Every other one of the 139 reviews posted up to today begin with "I remember my mother wore Chanel # 5."   Chanel # 5 transcends reviews, or fashion.  It is the most popular  perfume of all time.  Its appeal is as close to universal as a thing of the real world can be.  It is not favored by country, social class, or even gender.  It is not really a feminine floral composition.  It is not sweet.  There are myriad masculines sweeter than # 5.  I am a man, and if it were not so perfect and seamless, I would wear it myself.  I am thinking I wil layer it with, perhaps Gurrlain Vetiver, or maybe a smokey Kolnisch Juchten in order to tone down its brilliant radiance.

What I require is a master perfumer to design in some flaws, imperfections, a ragged edge or to so that I could wear it without embarassment to my self, and self image.

My mother also wore it for most of her life.  For women it is both an idealization of what few but a woman who projects like Catherine Deneuve can wear without a kind of dishoesty of projection, and mysteriously, at the same time it can be worn by all the imperfect ladies of the world, for casual as well as formal occasions, and these women will be more assured and comfortable in themselves for wearing it.

In its unitary simplicity, and perfection is its mystery.

As a EDT it is at its most bright and sparkling.  As a EDP Chanel # 5 is more relaxed, and opens more slowly and with more depth but with less definition.  The new Eau Premiere is the vaguest incarnation (designed perhaps for the most immature but most "post modern" purchasers in some strange target group).  Of course, the Parfum Extrait should be the most perfect, unrestrained presentation fo the creation, and it is.

Why Chanel has not taken the recipe and stripped it down with a blemish or two for presentation as a masculin is beyond me.  

In any case, Chanel # 5 is beyond arguing, or reviewing, really.  It is in a class alone.  It knows no category.  It has no competitors.  There is really nothing similar.  And nothing to complain about.  That is sell so well year after decade with such consistency riddles all analysis.

Did I mention my mother wore it?  If it did not stand so alone, I would suggest that it is the mother of all modern perfumes.  However like many perfect examples rare in nature, I do not think # 5 passed on its perfection to any heirs.  We are lucky that it appears to be immortal.


positive I'll re-post my original review for Chanel No.5. And I'll keep on doing it forever. Once again, this is possibly one of the best perfumes ever created but the point within my review is slightly different. I'm trying to focus on the fact that if we all endorse the "best ever" attitude we leave no room for invention, for curiosity, for self expression and we react to other people's opinion just like the world of perfumery reacted when No.5 was originally released. At the time, brands by the likes of Guerlain used to keep the point that using natural ingredients in perfumes, was the only way to guarantee excellance. Then Chanel introduced on the market the first clearly chemical fragrance, declaring they used over 80 aldehydes to create this marvellous composition.

At the time it was absolutely blasphemous from Chanel and the world of perfumery splitted in two parts. On the one side we had those who felt almost offended by No.5, on the other we had people endorsing Chanel's choice realizing that No.5 was a revolutionary landmark in perfumery.

Said that, I'm trying to encourage people to be open minded, and most of all to respect other people's opinion...

Here we go....

Chanel No.5

OK, I know it may sound blasphemous from me (again) but we can't stand this perfume enymore! OK OK OK, it was revolutionary, it was the first floral- aldehydes scent ever created but please, let's go a little bit further now. I've nothing against N.5 that's an ABSOLUTE MASTERPIECE but I'm sick and tired of mid aged ladies wearing this fragrance and thinking this is the only scent available in the whole world.There are no more reasons to exists for Chanel No.5 besides being part of your own collection, but please don't tell me there's anyone still wearing this. Wearing Chanel No.5 in 2011 it's not anymore being elegant and classy...fantasy, please!
positive Always a favorite of my mother.  She has excellent taste in fragrance.  She wore this on special occasions when I was very young, so it has a great nostalgic air for me.  As an adult, I always found it a bit old ladyish, albeit a very sophisticated, moneyed old lady.  I recently found an old bottle at the Goodwill for 50 cents, which is probably around what it cost in 1921...well, maybe not.  Wearing it now, I find it an acquired taste, which I'm rapidly acquiring.  It's still so strangely modern; yet old fashioned at the same time.  It works a seductive spell and conjures the time in which it was created.  And still has so much to say about today.  How can you beat that? That old bottle I found is vintage and the "cologne" version.  I find it very soft.  Based on some of the reviews here, the greater concentrations seem like they're a totally different animal.  An old she cat in heat it sounds like.  But I like my little bottle of cologne.  There's an old commercial on Youtube of Catherine Deneuve for Chanel No. 5.  She says "cologne" in a French accent that makes it sound like she just invented the word.  I fell in love with her long ago.  Right now,  I'm falling in love with Chanel No. 5
positive How can I hate Chanel No. 5?  That opening aldehyde blast and bouquet of balsamic flowers to me, is sweet - in a good way, sweet like honey.  This is a perfume whose scent is instantly recognizable for me.  While No. 5 isn't my favorite Chanel fragrance, I still enjoy it and find it pleasant, and it *is* a Chanel, so I really have no complaints.  If I have a sweet tooth, I wouldn't reach for a "gourmand", I'd reach for this.  It's comforting and delectable, but never cloying or unpleasant.
positive This is the smell of a gorgeous, rich, sexy lady. A masterpiece. No more words.
positive This is a wonderful fragrance.  It reminds me of crisp winter days - and nights, of Christmas (first had it as a Christmas present), frosty February walks and meals out at Easter.  I like its sweetness but then I really dislike fruity perfumes.  I always want to own and wear this and it's fantastic that previous generations of women have enjoyed it too.  I don't think this has to make it an old lady's perfume or that anyone should use the term old lady in a negative way.  We are all maturing and mature is still feminine just as this fragrance is. Chanel No 5 is quite simply a beautiful classic fragrance to be enjoyed by anyone.
positive I love the Edp....Its stronger and richer than the Edt. But I have to admit, I acquired a taste for this (or smell, if you will) and also, since I purchased this on Ebay, I am not sure how old it is. I have a new bottle that was purchased and they both have a similar smell so I would say its fresh and vintage. One thing I have learned, if you buy a vintage perfume, you should buy a perfume that is either in dark container or a perfume that has been stored in its own box. They keep well that way and won't smell like alchohol. Anyway back to No 5. I feel this is a safe fragrance. I have some that would probably offend some one who can't stand fragrance at work. Cathedral, by Bpal is one. I absolutely adore this incensey perfume oil, but I could see someone &%$@#ing about it at work. Don't you hate that?? So go lightly. Also I seen the movie "Coco before Chanel" which is all in French and you have to read it, but it is really good. I came to appreciate Chanel and all her earlier fragrances after seeing this movie. She was a conservative in the way she liked to dress. Sometimes at work I liked to dress somewhat "manly" I call it. Dress pants, vest, tie, jacket and victorian boots witha low heel. Oh and a watch and fob. With Chanel no 5 to complete the look. Yeah. 
positive So well blended that it's nearly impossibly to pick apart notes. This here is the epitome of a woman's perfume, this is what perfume is, plain and simple.
positive I've had this bottle since late 80's and never really liked the scent on me but tried it again a few days ago and wow I think I'm in love.  I never remembered the smell to be so soft and elegant just beautiful.  I'm thinking it's time to re-visit some of my other oldies maybe they'll take my breath away too.
positive Marylin Monroe once said,"just a few drops of Chanel No.5 Perfume." In my eyes, Chanel is really charming and anazing.
positive My skin chemistry, always unpredictable and capricious, has changed so much that I've learned to be very cautious about re-discovering scents I haven't worn since 1967.So I was delighted to find that Beauty Encounter would, for $25, send me a little 5-pack, with parfum, EDP, EDT, and a couple of the variants.It was with great hope but also trepidation that I dabbed on a few drops of the EDP. Would it smell awful on me now? Or smell great and disappear in 20 minutes? Fresh from similar disappointments at other Fragrance Reunions, I held my breath for a second,  then realized that holding one's breath is probably not the best strategy for assessing the reaction of a perfume to how kind or cruel the years have been to that complex, ever-evolving  biochemical Party In My Epidermis.I inhaled. "You haven't changed a bit!" gushed No 5. What a relief! I was able to return the compliment sincerely.The evening was warm, and I just sat and let it continue to look at me for a while. It walked around in a circle, looking thoughtful, a finger on one cheek."Actually," it purred, "You are even more fabulous than ever!"I sniffed. This was true! The aldehydes that some of the young folks perecive as being "old lady," or "chemical," had rushed in, exclaimed a hurried greeting, and dashed off to confuse the neighbor's plump Fluff-Cat, enjoying its nightly role in the tangled pile of catmint we let spread out between a couple of spindly "show roses" specifically for its amusement.Almost immediately, something citrusy - neroli, maybe? - emitted a brief fanfare then stepped aside, and to my surprise, ylang-ylang glided in, one delicate hand draped across the arm of a handsome sandalwood escort."Yes," they nodded to me, then to each other, and then to the air, "we're going steady!"After they had waltzed around for about an hour, sandalwood stepped away to get ylang-ylang some punch, and she leaned over, and whispered to me from behind her fluttering fan, "it's serious."Sure enough, sandalwood returned with the punch, and playfully tossed a cupful into my face. "The same jasmine as always," sandalwood called over his shoulder, as he danced away with ylang-ylang.As they came back around, flushed and laughing, ylang-ylang fluttered her fan again. "You know he spiked it," she confided. "Yeah, with that baby vetiver," I retorted, drawing in a long slow breath, to catch a here-now-gone-now whiff of it. "But you love it anyway," sandalwood winked, and he and his new girlfriend settled down beside me, in a rustle of taffeta, to enjoy the rest of the evening, now and then refilling our punch cups and flicking droplets out into the night, to the delight of the aldehyde-addled Fluff-Cat, who was as enchanted as we all were by the gentle fireflies of something mysterious from a summer garden that twinkled like stars around us.
positive Weeks ago I smelled an extremely expensive parfum (amuage dia) and it reminded me so much of n. 5 chanel. Then I went again to smell what was remaining of my bottle of n. 5 and I realized how good, feminine, clear and deep at the same time this classic is ... And in the past I dismissed it because too many women used it! how wrong I was!
positive It has taken me many tries to appreciate the complexity of this classic scent. Given it as a gift when I reached 40, no other perfume says sophisticated aldehyde like this one. It's the aromatic of classy grandmothers, those former flappers shopping at stately hotel boutiques, and in the basements of expensive department stores.  It's never out of fashion with die hards. It is very difficult to get past the "old lady" first impression of baby powder, alcohol, tuber rose for the first few uses. It feels like a maturity branding, with a hint of golf mornings and mothballed closets. Then, a blast of more youthful peach and orange as it dries down on skin, and then it's like a window opens and night jasmine breezes in for a sweet yet intoxicating finish that forces a return again and again, as if hypnotized, in a determination to reinvent this scent for yourself.  The secret to this classic's success is that while you may be on the fence about it for yourself, kicking and screaming into middle age, it has its desired effect on your partner. For me, it took a dozen wearings to know what it was about. It's about creating a specific mood, and as such I use it sparingly. 
positive What can I say?! N°5 is, and will always be, THE classic.I own the 80s Eau de Parfum, which fits my bombasticpersonality best ... God Bless the House of Chanel!
positive  "Every man alive loves Chanel 5!"
positive Why N5 is still a great perfume after all these years??? Cuz is feminine and soft like a Sunset heaven Talc Powder..Firth of all the Neroli, Ylang Ylang and the lemon make a beautiful combination.. And then the Lily of valley, the rose and jasmine.. is just perfect.. some of the most beautiful flowers..And then the Sandalow, patchulie and vertiver puts a lot of personality to close this fragance, these three elements are strong but combined with all that beautiful flowers make a perfect balance...Chanel N5 smeel like old lady??? I pray to god that my grandmother could smells as well as N°5!!! 
positive My body chemistry has changed a lot. This used to smell shrill and sour to me, but I tried it a few weeks ago, and my head almost exploded trying to comprehend its beauty. Fresh, effervescent, a sun-bleached clean. I'm still getting over how good this stuff is. I get the "classic" thing now, oh yes. I see a few reviews complaining that the fragrance is such an institution that it wears them, and I can see that point of view. But Chanel 5, baby, you can wear me anytime.
positive This is a review for chanel no 5 pure parfum:Absolutely gorgeous fragrance. the first fragrance that actually works on my skin. I tried dozens of perfume and nothing ever works well until i tried no 5 pure parfum. I was skeptical of course because i tried the EDT and EDP version and they didn't work. EDT was awful on me and EDP smelled like toilet cleaner in the beginning although it softens later on. But I heard a review about the pure parfum and i thought i'll give it a go. I had to actually asked the sales person to let me try on the parfum because they don't have them on display. It smelled lovely from beginning till the dry down. My fiance loves it too. He loves to smell me when i wear it. It's a very wearable fragrance.I could actually smell the jasmine in the pure parfum (i can't smell them on EDT or EDP). After few hours, the parfum turns so soft and very lovely. The key is to dab them on the pulse points though. We don't want to smother other people with too much smell.I recently ordered the vintage version (old formula) of no 5 and can't wait to find out the difference!!!
positive The EDT- sparkling aldehydes. lighter ,airy but so beautiful .I don't know why but an image of beautiful cut crystal with sunlight refracting through it, comes to my mind whenever I test and and sniff the EDT . It is joyous and uplifting ,smells glamorous .The EDP - obviously denser, created by Jacques Polge in the 1980s. This version of No.5 has its merits- it still retains the gloriously feminine bewitching No.5 aroma but it has more ylang ylang in it ,on my skin . Although the EDP starts strong it is actually subtle and soft and lasts a good few hours.The Parfum extrait- all the concentrations of No.5 are different animals from each other. The extrait is an animal apart ! It's simply perfection .Just beautifully done classic french perfume. Real perfume.A light fresh start and then I get the most glorious Grasse jasmine which I just have to inhale before its gone . It's extremely well done,well blended perfume- I can only pick out the lovely jasmine in it.  It's warm ,subtle,melds with your skin , deep ,a delicious floral aroma, a little animalistic too .It's not terribly tenacious on me but then again, not much is. It lasts a few hours .Truly wonderful stuff.Honestly , if I can always afford it, I will only ever buy the extrait again, otherwise the EDT will do fine too. There is nothing wrong with the EDP but it's too 80s in style maybe ?? Eau Premiere- I am one of those people who really did not see the need for 'yet another' No.5 version. It's good jus but frankly No.5 was doing pretty well on its own .I don't dislike the jus but I would much rather have the extrait or EDT.I do not know whether the extrait has been reformulated- I know Chanel said something about No.5 not needing reformulation because it already met standards. At this point, it's probably irrelevant. The new extrait I have smells wonderful. I can sincerely enjoy it as No.5 . I know most people know the aroma of No.5 .If you ask the person on the street to think of one perfume- it would probably be No.5 - it is such an institution but I think they have mostly smelt the EDT and EDP on people and in stores. The extrait really is somewhat different. Definitely sample the extrait before you dismiss this perfume as 'old lady' ,'cat's pee' or whatever else, stereotypical, that comes to mind. There is a good reason why this perfume is known as 'le monster' and has endured through so many decades.
positive This is one definitely deserves a spot in the 'wonders of the world' line up.A heavenly classic...a  perfumery legend. 
positive I'm 20 and this is my go-to day time scent. Why? Because, on me, the EDT disappears after 10 minutes hovering very close to my skin. I have to literally have my nose against my wrist to smell it. Only when I sweat do I start smelling really good. Gross? yes. But then, who doesn't want to smell like jasmine and sandalwood and vanilla after they run up 5 flights of stairs? 
positive We cannot have a discussion of No, 5 without memories!  This was the perfume my mother loved, my aunt hated and I have now come to love.  It is so distinct, the essence of elegance and feminity which transcends the generations.  I have a small bottle of pure parfum which has lasted several years.  It is not my signature scent; alas, Chanel is so distinct it puts its signature on the wearer rather than the reverse.  

negative My mother was a great fan of No.5 (also Mitsouko and Joy), but although I grew to love the others I have never been comfortable with No.5, it may be a masterpiece & one of the Greatest Fragrances of All Time but it will never be part of my wardrobe.I have always found the brilliance and strength of the aldehydes like an 'icepick between the eyes', as Luca Turin said of some fragrance he didn't like.  Maybe I'm hyperosmic to aldehydes, as I react in a similar way to other fragrances that have a high aldehyde content (I even find the top note of  31 Rue Cambon a bit headache-inducing, although the drydown is fine) but whatever the reason this one is not for me.
negative I recently gave Chanel #5 a sniff at the local department store. I had high hopes for this because I know how Chanel #5 is regarded. As soon as I sniffed it I became really disappointed because it smelled like an old lady. Chanel Coco Mademoiselle smells really great but this one (Chanel #5) is just horrible. I can't imagine any modern/young lady wearing this stuff let alone paying the retail for it. I rate this one a 2. Even White Diamonds smell better then this.
negative Oh my. I don't know what it is about this perfume.. maybe the aldehydes paired with roses but I can't handle this smell. I know it is classic and I wanted to like it. But every time I smell this, it reminds me of an "old lady". Not classy, just old.So overpowering sweet and aldehydic, just nauseating to me. As much as I adore Coco M, I am complete polar opposite to No 5.

neutral I believe that it takes a very brave person to say they don't like Chanel No.5. Unfortunately all I get from this fragrance is powder and soap. The Chanel sales assistant told me that my skin chemistry went well with this perfume and although I agreed that I enjoyed it to a certain extent, I know I won't be adding No. 5 to my wishlist.

Perhaps it is my young age that makes me dislike most Chanel fragrances, but I respect them for being universally recognised and incredibly popular. This fragrance is very dependant on a person with the right skin chemistry, sophistication, class and maturity. On the wrong person it could be a disaster.


neutral I used to wear No5 during the early 80s, when I thought it was wonderful. Though I usually wore the Parfum strength, I liked the Eau de Cologne (which had a more noticable rose note) for summer. The EDC has now been discontinued, along with some wonderful bath products. Strangely, the EDP (which was released in the UK in the late 80s, at the same time the EDC was discontinued) goes to nothing on me within 20 minutes of putting it on, even though the EDT lasts for a few hours. I have not smelled the Eau Premier, and am not in a great hurry to.No 5 is a strongly aldehydic mixture of rose, jasmine, musk and sprices (not dissimilar to Coty's L'Aiment and Givenchy's L'Interdit); it developed into rich and heavy scent, which I kept for special occasions. It's quite difficult to describe exactly what No5 smells like, as the aldehyde changes the other ingredients drastically. Once smelled though, you'll remember it.Today, though I do not dislike No5, it has not aged well (I feel the last 20 years have not been very kind to No5), and is actually a rather boring fragrance (especially when compared to the largely discontinued No22). Not a fragrance I am likely to buy again.
neutral I actually find it quite boring and passé. It’s like a safe bet. Sure your mother in law will love it, but who wants mother in law approval? I rather misbehave with something more complex and unexpected. 
positive A rather antiquated opening of aldehydes and neroli which doesn't quite score with my nose. While the progression is expectedly complex, NO.5 grows so powdery that I get the impression of being in a cloud of talcum powder. Still I must say this is a sophisticated fragrance which should be experienced from afar because up close, the wrinkles start to show, revealing No.5's true age. But when the drydown appears I find myself eating my own words and appreciating why screen siren Marilyn Monroe wore No.5 exclusively to bed... *** This review is of the parfum, circa 2009 ***
positive I am currently wearing the EDT on one wrist and the EDP on the other. They smell like completely different fragrances on me!EDT: aldehydes and peach sparkle. It takes much longer to get to the drydown than the EDP, seeming like the summer version. I never smell just the heart of the flowers in the EDT-it has quite a zing all the way down. Reminds me of how Le Dix is so aldehyde-y (but with violets). I wore this in high school but I don't remember the peach. The never ending reformulation speculation continues...EDP: My current #5 preference.  This is how rose and jasmine are DONE. The top is much less intense, and is dries down quickly to a lush, slightly sweet, soft floral, with powdery woods.  This is what I imagine fields in Grasse to smell like through an open window in a quaint cottage.  I do not find it "too classy", "old fashioned", "too dressed up", etc.  I could wear this anytime, anywhere and feel lovely.  This scent is ALIVE!  With all of the "new-modern" roses comming out (YSL, D&G) I am hoping that #5 gets revisited.
positive I am currently wearing the EDT on one wrist and the EDP on the other. They smell like completely different fragrances on me!EDT: aldehydes and peach sparkle. It takes much longer to get to the drydown than the EDP, seeming like the summer version. I never smell just the heart of the flowers in the EDT-it has quite a zing all the way down. Reminds me of how Le Dix is so aldehyde-y (but with violets). I wore this in high school but I don't remember the peach. The never ending reformulation speculation continues...EDP: My current #5 preference.  This is how rose and jasmine are DONE. The top is much less intense, and is dries down quickly to a lush, slightly sweet, soft floral, with powdery woods.  This is what I imagine fields in Grasse to smell like through an open window in a quaint cottage.  I do not find it "too classy", "old fashioned", "too dressed up", etc.  I could wear this anytime, anywhere and feel lovely.  This scent is ALIVE!  With all of the "new-modern" roses comming out (YSL, D&G) I am hoping that #5 gets revisited.
positive This is for the EDT formulation, circa 2009:At first spritz I get fantastic aldehydes infused seamlessly with neroli and bergamot. A peach note is there as well. The peach is peachy-fruit, not peachy-sweet/predictable. This is infused with a pleasurable iris note. Beautiful rich Grasse jasmine comes to the fore and lingers and permeates into the woods below.Much later in the dry down I get a friendly and beautifully warm creaminess of sandalwood, vetiver, amber, oak moss, patchouli and nicely done vanilla. There are other things as well but I cannot quite tease them out. I can still detect that beautiful Grasse jasmine. I am really enjoying the character of the base, with the longevity enduring well into the next day. This abstract scent is thoroughly enchanting and never tires.If you are a fan of the Parfum formulation but until now, never understood how the two could smell of such different eras (Parfum 1920s, EDT 1950s/1960s), I strongly recommend a revisit. It’s clear that the EDT has been faithfully restored to the spirit of the original Parfum. I now consider this a long-term keeper.This is for the Parfum formulation:Sharper, richer aldehydes and neroli are immediate and engaging. The heady neroli and aldehyes are infused with a bergamot note. Rich Grasse jasmine begins to gain your attention and increases in richness. The neroli and aldehydes are seeping seamlessly through the jasmine and rose below it. The neroli and iris are still linking throughout.In the dry down I get a similar experience to the current formulation of No 5 EDT (see above) but more tightly structured and richer. There is also a hint of the rich neroli experienced earlier. One difference though is that the longevity of the Parfum formulation on me is fleeting and am left wondering where this enchanting scent has gone. I am grateful that this masterpiece has endured time and fad to be enjoyed today as it was intended.
positive I adored this smell.  My nose isn't very developed yet, so all I can say is that I smell the card with its scent repeatedly. I keep it in my desk at work.  Unfortunately, I could hardly smell it on myself, which makes me so sad. Not worth spending the money if I can't smell it!  Eau Premiere was more noticeable on me, so that's where my money will go.
positive this is a masterpiece... And unforgettable, elegance, classic, sexy fragrance.. if you appreciate good fragrances, so you will like this... a must have, specially for night outs...
positive While No. 5 is not my favorite fragrance, or even my favorite Chanel, I admire the way the slightly fruity aldehydes blends with the florals to float over the powder notes, themselves over soft woods, and possibly a buried hint of leather or warm skin. And while it does not project loudly nor build quickly, the perfume does embrace quite a bit of space over time. Perhaps another hallmark of just how well No. 5 was executed? This is good stuff. As dated as Chanel No. 5 may seem to some, I think it (the perfume at least) truly is suitable for women of nearly any age. Some men may find it easier to wear than some of the more omnisex Guerlains.  
positive This review is going to deal with the Parfum No. 5. I have sampled all the concentration so far - EdT, EdP and Eau Premiere, but I think the true, original formula deserves to be reviewed first.First of all, I am very delighted to possess the parfum. It smells history (whatever this means). I do not intend to write anything ground-breaking about No. 5 since in its nearly 90 years of being everything has been said. I would just like to sum up impressions on it, sort of verification. The parfum opens in a fresh, eau-de-cologne manner but definately thicker!, and I find it very delicious. It is lemony and clean, and since I recently smelled pure oil of ylang-ylang, I can say that there is ylang-ylang too. Not much later the jasmine-rose mix emerges. It is simply fantastic and gets dirtier with time. That is because of the jasmine. I do not know how a Mai rose (the sort used in No. 5) smells, it is said to be lighter than a Bulgarian rose. Going further towards the drydown the parfum gets more filthy. I find this stage at times stunning, at other times I am not very comfortable about it. But this can be the skin chemistry. The only disadvantage for me seems the sillage. After about 3 hours I am not sure whether there is still something of No. 5 on me. Now I would like to say something about the colourful imageries about fragrances, in particular about No. 5. People say it smells of minks, pearls and so on... Well, this is a very personal interpretation, and do not expect, you will be covered with a mink coat after dabbing No. 5. Therefore I support a "neutral" kind of describing a scent. Comparisons with mink are truly amusing, but it does not contribute to your own perception! After all, the juice within the bottle is what counts. And since not many of us have had the opportunity to smell an absolute of Mai rose or real Sandalwood, I find it even more difficult to rely on a particular review. What I can highly appreciate about No. 5 is that it seems to perfectly match the idea of Mlle Chanel - No. 5 is a clean (meaning not cloying) parfum spreading the smell of no particular flower - this blurred smell is due to the aldehydes. The second advantage is the highly acclaimed quality of the ingredients in No. 5. I blindly take it for granted (at this stage) and feel happy about it. Last words - 5 stars for No. 5!
positive I am a big aldehyde lover, and am always very sad that I just can't make No 5 work for me - something in the drydown sours on my skin, particularly in the edt, which I prefer over the edp. The opening of the edt is glorious, and shows why No 5 is such a timeless and iconic classic.  The edt and edp are different fragrances, though still with the characteristic No 5 scent. The edp tends to smell a bit more synthetic than the edt.  I am able to wear the lotion and cream though, which keeps a sublte No 5 aroma without causing the problems in the drydown. Sometimes I layer the No 5 lotion with No 5 eau Premier, which works nicely.  I highly recommend testing to find out which version works best. For me, thankfully, I can at least  wear the eau Premier version which is great in its own right. Unlike others I am not turned off by the fantastic aldehyde opening, but just something in the drydown.
positive If you don't understand the alure of No. 5, try it more than one time. Spray it far away and walk through. (Fresh, just took a shower) Spray right on the wrist and let it dry. (Sweeter, rich ) Dab on the wrist and rub around a bit. (Clean and green) It can be different every way. It took me 4 wearings to understand. Now I love it. EDT.
positive Chanel No. 5 is beautiful, classy, feminine, and sophisticated. It's one of the few fragrances that never feels vulgar. It's never overpowering, out of place, or distracting. On the other hand, you have its age and its popularity with all ages of women. Most men have an aunt, a mother, a grandmother who smelled like this in their youth. No matter how great this perfume smells on you, if you remind him of his mother, the relationship is a no-go. Fortunately my husband didn't have any relatives who wore No. 5 and it's one of his favorites. He can't keep his hands off me when I wear this. I suppose that's the point, but it probably wouldn't be my first choice. It's a little too safe. As I said before, there's nothing wrong with No. 5, but it doesn't excite me. The scent brings to mind a proper socialite wearing the classic Chanel suit with her heirloom pearls. Very classic. Very safe. It's up to you to decide if that's a good thing.
positive My lover was sweet and gorgeous but I was young and foolish and I decided I wanted something more.  I abandoned my lover and started on a series of short affairs: Ma Griffe,   Je Reviens, L’Air du Temps, and a couple of longer-lasting affairs: Ysatis before (I swear) they changed it, and Rive Gauche, for whom I still have very warm feelings.But lately I again wanted something new, exciting, different.  I embarked on a search but modern lovers are shallow, fickle, changeable,  cheap.  So I returned to my first love.  And as soon as I sprayed it on I relaxed. I had come home.  I was loved.  I was myself. I’m sorry, I’m sorry.   I’ll never leave you again, dear, darling, No 5.
positive I got this sample just because it IS such a legendary fragrance, I felt I was obligated to know what it smelled like, especially since aldehydes can't really be compared to anything I would have smelled. First sniff: I'm instantly 4 years old standing in my grandma's bedroom smelling her very slim perfume collection.  I'm smelling something so unfamiliar that my yet-developing senses have firmly established the bond; THIS is what perfume smells like.  Strong, elegant, complex, everything I admired about my very ladylike and exceedingly lovely grandmother.  And the "soap" smell that everyone mentions underscores the whole concept.  This scent is clean, not in a light gentle way, but in a scrubbed-as-only-your-grandmother-would-wash-you kinda way.  The kind of overprotective sanitizing that will remove any and all contaminants with very strong soap, leaving you as respectable as your grandmother can make a very messy 4 year old.  And then she'll beam at your radiant cleanliness and hug you tight, and you realize you smell just like her, in all her glory.
positive A perfect example of sleek, coherent  Art Deco aesthetics in every way. So seemless, polished and smooth that it feels altogether from another world. You really can't add or subtract anything from this. Hype doesn't survive this long.
positive After many wearings it finally happened. I bought a mini of the parfum and the angels trumpeted from the heavens! Okay, a bit of an overstatement, but like a number of others have pointed out, the concentrations are different and the parfum is the charm for me. It's not the aldehydes that made me shy away from other concentrations. I adore them in so many other perfumes, particularly in Chanels. The parfum simply has a richness that smooths everything out. The aldehydes are a bit muted, the floral heart notes seem to blend more thoroughly and the ambery, slightly animalic base is perfectly warm and sensual. 
positive As this is such an iconic fragrance I tried it in my twenties, but it didn't appeal to me.  Then in my mid-twenties, a friend gave me an EdT splash, a large bottle, and although I wore it and tried to like it, the fragrance and my olfactory senses were not compatible so I gave it to my mother.Before my husband and I were married, he came out to join me on holiday in Lindos, Rhodes and in the airport duty free shop debated which fragrance to buy me.  He was advised to buy Chanel No. 5 as "it's a classic".  He didn't think it was quite me and always felt that way until today.  I was recently given a sample of No.5 eau Premiere and I liked it, but it made me want to try the original.  So this afternoon I tried No.5 EdP on my left wrist and No.5 eau Premiere on my right then I did the Pepsi test on my husband.  Initially he preferred the Eau Premiere, but as time wore on and we had walked outside of the mall I asked him to try them again and he & I both preferred the orginal Chanel No.5.There's nothing more I can add to what's already been written about Chanel No.5, it is indeed something I could wear continuously, it's a fragrance that can be worn whatever the weather / season / occasion. On my skin it eventually turns warm and spicy,but as I sniff closer to my wrist there's a hint of green that creeps to the front and grows stronger as I inhale - this is the same scent that is more prevalent in the Eau Premiere.Anyway, on my 36th birthday I finally fell in love with Chanel No.5, long may it last! 
positive Hell has frozen over. I never thought I'd say this, but I love Chanel No. 5. Between reading books on the history of fragrance and reading reviews on Basenotes I am learning a lot and that has been instrumental in opening my mind (and my nose ) up to things. I was always puzzled by the populatity of Chanel No. 5, but I didn't want to give up on it. Periodically I would go to my perfume stash over the years and spritz on some Ch5 from the refillable EDT atomizer my mother had given me years ago, and each and every time, the opening blast of aldehydes would repell me and I would run to scrub it off. Then about a month ago I deceided I was going to get to the bottom of this Ch5 thing once and for all by trying various strengths and vintages of the scent. I already had the EDT (from the early 1990's), then discovered I had an EDP (new) strength among my many perfume samples. All I needed now was a vintage pure parfum. I managed to get my hands on a half of a half oz. vintage bottle (from the 50's judging from the stopper' shape). From what I read, it was Chanel's intent to have a perfume that did not smell like any particular flower or any other immediately recognizable thing. She desired something that was more of an abstract scent, free of perconceived associations, something that was it's own thing. As a painter I immediately understood that and proceeded to test all 3 versions of the scent with that in mind. I started with the EDT which I had had the longest. This time I waited patiently for the strongly aldehydic phase to wear away and was surprised to discover subtle leathery and animalic notes (does anyone else get that leather note?), that I absolutely love, in the drydown. Wow!. Next I tried the newer EDP. Interestingly, I detected a slight "fruity" note leaving me to wonder if this newest version had been slightly reformulated to satisfy the trend for scents with fruit notes. Last, I tried the pure parfum. That's the one that did it fro me. I don't know if time has mellowed the blast of aldehydes, or what, I just know that this version is beautiful from start to finish. The notes are blended so well that I can't single anything out. It is just it's own beautiful thing that changes and surprises me the whole time I'm wearing it. I love layering the EDT with the pure parfum. Not surprising, the new EDP is my least favorite of the three. I understand now why Marilyn Monroe would wear Ch5 to bed: when you smell your wrist in the morning, there are no words to describe how pretty that last faint trace of this scent is. There is nothing "old lady" about this as far as I'm concerned. In fact, I have no idea of what certain reviewers mean when they describe something as smelling of "old lady" and even though I'm not an old lady, I still find it limited and insulting. Do they mean smelling of a "classic scent"? Because that's the way I take it. I know that when some one says this about a scent, they mean it as a negative. However, I take it as a positive, and a cue that the scent they are describing is probably as far from a cheap, trendy, Paris Hilton or Britney Spears tooty-fruity gourmand as you can get.I can now see why Ch5 has been around for almost 90 years and will probably be around for 90 more. Thanks Basenoters for helping me to discover this gem!
positive Just a few drops of Chanel No.5...It is all you need.  
positive I could not resist getting this classic. I purchased a mini of the parfum after watching the Chanel bio-pic that was on a few months ago. I've always been drawn to Chanel's philsophy "simplicity is elegance". No. 5 does just that. A simple and elegant baby powder floral.  I actually wore this on my skin, dry men's skin, and it smells wonderful. Some would say "old lady" just because now the elderly wear it because they wore it when they were teenagers! Teenagers now can wear it but I suppose they are too used to dousing themselves in perfume to understand only a dab of No. 5 is all you need. If you smell it directly from the bottle or from the atomizer on a sprayer, you do not get anything as remarkable as you would on skin.Beautiful and timeless.
positive My mom and my dad's cousin used to wear this incessantly as I was growing up.  I hated it and thought it smelled totally over-the-hill.  In my early twenties, I launched a full scale offensive that ultimately got my mother into more "up-to-date" perfumes.  I'm now on the wrong side of thirty-five and recently smelled No. 5 again.  I found myself saying, "Y'know, this isn't half bad..."    I'm officially old.
positive No.5 EDT and No.5 Eau Premiere Comparison (see No.5 Eau Premiere for an extended review which includes more about EP)Left arm: Chanel No.5 Eau PremiereRight arm: Chanel No.5 EDTI own No.5, and received a healthy sized sample of Eau Premiere from the SA at Macy's. My No.5 is relatively new, so I am sure it is the latest formulation.Upon initial application, the main distinction seems to be a vast difference in the amount of aldehydes. The Eau Premiere does have a bit of waxyness (which I am sure is also from aldehydes), but it is not the extreme level that No.5 has. Also, since the aldehydic blast is less severe in EP, some fruit and floral notes are a bit more apparent.About 10 minutes in...the aldehydes have mostly burned off in the No.5 and are now down to a more approachable level, and ironically is less waxy than EP. The peach and white floral are coming through, along with a hint of spicyness. I cannot detect any peach in the EP. Right now it smells like a rather straight white floral with a hint of spice, and the waxy aldehyde still present. It definitely smells more "clean and modern", but so far is not as interesting as No.5. I am wondering if this really is just a No.5 without the aldehydes--any real differences are incredibly subtle.About 30 minutes in...the No.5 has settled into its typical peach, floral, spicy skin scent (beautiful, as always). The EP still is a bit waxy, but the spicyness is coming through more. I still do not smell any peach, but rather a rubbery synthetic note (latex-like), and some light powder.It will be interesting to see how these two wear on through the day. I can see that I might want a FB of the Eau Premiere, especially if it has decent longevity. It is definitely very "wearable". I am just not sure it has the same classic beauty of the original No.5. And owning a bottle of No.5 means I may have less of a sense of urgency about owning the EP.
positive There is a reason this is a classic. It's not inaccessible in any way. It's lovely & light yet rich & classy. Men adore it. Women want to be your friend when you wear it. & it only gets better as time goes on. It's perfect for work....& it's Chanel!Don't make the beginners mistake of smelling this out of the bottle or even on paper. It won't give you a migraine; just spray it right on your arm.

negative I really don't know how this managed to be this elevated gem, this oh so celebrated equivalent of class and all things beatutiful and high culture.It REEKS of old people and urine. This is the smell that lingers on crazy cat ladies when they go to but their cats' canned food. Maybe it's the aldehydes, i don't know, but it assaults my nose so rudely and even leaves sour aftertaste in my mouth, just from smelling it.This is so vile and offensive and suffocating even the smallest drop will sink into you, your clothes, your furniture, your car and everyone around you too, for good measure, and will stay there for several days. If you like this, by all means be my guest. Just don't come near me.
negative I sooo wanted to like this perfume but unfortunately it's way too plastic and synthetic smelling for me. It reminds me of the smell of old plastic lawn chairs left out in the sun too long. The flowery notes are too brief and I can not detect any woodiness at all.
negative All I can smell is bug spray.  Like the exterminator was just here.  For four hours straight, in the pure parfum concentration.  Please don't let this stop you from trying from trying this classic scent.  But if you do smell bug spray or any other weirdness, try Guerlain's Liu.  It's a beautiful floral aldehyde that's not from the House of Chanel.  Not that I'm hating!  Cuir de Russie is beautiful.  Just not No. 5.  Not to me, anyway.

neutral This smells like my grandma, which is okay, but I would never wear it myself. The good news is that it is long lasting!
neutral Loved it when I was in college, but now it no longer suits me. It is very complex, with many notes.  I love the scent when it comes from the bottle, but not on my skin. 
neutral My mom got this as a present and she is (thankfully, for me) allegic to fragrance - they make her head spin, she says. So I gladly took this one from her. Well, that's the good part. The bad part is I didn't like it. I wanted to like it. After all it is Chanel No. 5. The Classic. The Timeless. But why??? I didn't hate it, but I didn't see what I was supposed to like, either. To me it was just a strong, aldehyde fragrance. And I do not even like the word aldehyde. Doesn't it sound (and smell) artificial? If you must try it once in your life - if you just can't pass up on that fame - get the smallest bottle you can find. 
neutral When I turn 50, I will wear this everyday.It just smells too "old lady" for me currently.
neutral Ah Chanel No. 5...I so much wanted to hate this, to just pan it, give it a great big thumbs down.  Chanel is just so boring.  I knew this fragrance wouldn't suit me from the get go, knew this innately before I ever even smelled it.  Ergo, this is my first review of something I sampled that I knew just had no possibility of ever being in my wardrobe.  I brought a decant of EdP home last night, and as my husband and I smelled it straight from the vial, we were both reminded of every octogenarian's home we'd ever been in.  I applied it to my skin for the first time this morning.I'll start by mentioning the aldehydes, which I actually kind of like.  They're kind of cool and interesting, and I was disappointed when they left and their replacements gave me a headache for half an hour.  Even so, this headache-inducing middle is pretty.  There's this thing I couldn't put my finger on, kept sniffing my wrist trying to get it and irritated that it was eluding me, when it hit me-- soap.  Just like everyone else got.  Not bad soap, but soap, nonetheless.  Why?  Why does this legendary, classic, timeless work of art in a bottle smell like soap??!?  Please.  It lasted two and a half hours at best on my skin, but I can't say I hated it.  It was fine.  Headache not withstanding, it is pleasant and pretty.  Second application of the day conjures up that pink Johnson & Johnson baby lotion.  Nice, clean, unobtrusive, uninteresting.  And I have to ask-- if it wasn't Chanel, would anyone care?
positive Surprised I haven't seen it mentioned before. But this to me, smells almost exactly like vanilla coke.

The tobacco in this smells quite similar to the tobacco note in pure havane. 

I find it to very project well but never feel overbearing.

Overall very nice, will always have a decant. But doesn't justify the full bottle for me 

positive I fall for this every time it touches my skin: the smell is so wonderfully seductive it reminds me why I fell in love with fragrances in the first place. 

Intoxicating dark sweet opening, big opening of vanilla and big blasts of tobacco in equal measure. The large overture dies down rather quickly and becomes more subdued, woody-honey-chocolate backdrops dance around adding to the yin and yang of sweet and dark.  Coffee-tonka comes out a bit as well in the base as it dries down.  The sweetness of the vanilla dies out as time goes on and this becomes much closer to a gourmand 

The common complaints:

1.) Some may find this a bit linear: it doesn't have the depth of more niche fragrances.  However, it is perfectly blended and smells so smooth that in my eyes that this isn't a weakness. It does what it does, and it does it well: it's a scent of dark-sweet sensuality.

2.) The scent is too sweet and cloying: and I can understand this complaint during the initial blast. However, the sweetness very quickly dries out and that blast of sugary vanilla becomes something much, much darker almost instantly. For 95% of its life, this has a dark sweetness. 

3.) Another slight, and the one I somewhat agree with, is that it has below average longevity: 2-3 hours on my skin of decent projection, then a skin scent for a few more.

The headliner of Tom Ford scents, a definitive staple of every fragrance lover. Perfect for any time, but best for cooler nights and formal occasions. Pure excellence.

9.5/10
positive It's a heads up battle between tobacco and vanilla for dominance... Thick , rich , sweet and syrupy...kudos to the very realistic tobacco leaf that pops out here and there...a very fine fragrance , just a tad too sweet for me... I like my tobacco fragrances a little more on the unsweetened side...this is almost like a gourmand tobacco...has that chewy mouthfeel effect...i'm good with just finishing my decant...
positive 'Tobacco Vanille' is the silent killer who never speaks but always looks impeccable. His stance says everything. Wearing a triple black ensemble, the top of his dress shirt is unbuttoned showing just enough skin to be enticing but he is not interested in impressing other people. Not a hair out of place, looking dangerously sexy while smoking an expensive as hell cigar, his right ankle sprawled around his left thigh/knee cap as he looks around the grand ball room calculating everything. Eyes like a predator awaiting his prey... in the most literal sense, he is an assassin, trained in an Italian Intelligence and Security Agency since birth, his next victim is Noir de Noir as she discovered something she wasn’t meant to. The opposing party needs to take her out and who better to do it then their top agent TV. You really don’t want to mess with him, but to those who are personally close to him (which is a handful of people) knows that he is one of the sweetest people to be around. But even with his dangerous profession you can’t help but feel so drawn to him. Like a moth to a flame. He smells so inviting, as he stalks into the darkness of the night getting ready to capture NdN, he leaves a heavenly spiced eggnog trail and it tantalizes your senses. 

 This is what I envision when smelling this. 

positive This is the best niche fragrance I own and have tried. This is what sexy smells like. This is what sex should smell like. It is seductive and mysterious. It projects well and longevity is great.

Well worth the spend - hell yeah. 


p.s. unlike most, I don't get into the notes, etc. It's all there for everyone to see on this site as well as other places on the net. I'm not a pro, just a novice collector.
positive Probably one of the best, if not most controversial, of Tom Ford's tobacco-based Private Blend EdP's.

The incorporation of cacao powder alongside the vanilla always struck me as an ingenious idea; the inherent sweetness of this tobacco-y oriental becomes richer in character by notes like that, as well as deft incorporation of spices, dried fruits, tobacco flowers, tonka, and woods.

This one lasts a really long time on me, and it has a great deal of sillage that requires a steady, disciplined hand in applying the right amount on the skin.  Dark, heavy, and richly aromatic, giving tobacco lovers a well-made option of a scent.
positive There are many dupes of this fragrance, some are going for high end designer prices, having tried a few myself I really don't think any can come close to the exceptional balance of tobbaco vanille. After the initial spray it all seems a bit over scrambled for me, I get every note listed all at once with a prominent clove smell that dissapates ..after 10 minutes the magic really starts to take shape. Rich rolling tobbaco appears that feels laced with a touch of honey, dried fruits keep things from going too syrupy this is the perfect balance. Then for a rare occasion I am greeted by a stunning vanilla, vanilla is a note I don't crave for, but not in this creation, it's smells plush and addictive. When every note is revealed you are left with a linear tobacco/vanilla combo with little whiffs of spice. This is real luxury stuff and a 50ml bottle may seem expensive but I'd expect a bottle to last me years, incredible performance that never really goes away, especially when sprayed in a trendy beard. A match made in heaven for those weekends away in colder surroundings. When this first came out it was very polarizing to many people, back in 2007 who wanted to smell like a pouch of their grandads rolling tobacco including me, but now most women and men find this universally appealing, with help from the current industrial trends and programs like Peaky Blinders. Tom Ford really did show some exceptional vision with this fragrance, like the very best designers ..they are all gifted with fantastic intuition and back in 2007 it took balls to release tobacco vanille, stunning luxury.
positive Boozy vanilla, tobacco, something sweet and fruity like a plum or raisin covered in cocoa powder. 

Good projection, can get compliments with even minimal sprays, which is probably better because it can be overwhelming.

Excellent longevity.  Lasts all day and you can still smell it the next day.
positive You've stopped at a gas station in rural America and you've purchased a pack of Marlboro cigarettes. You get in your car, you open them up, and you bury your nose into the pack before taking any out. You then unseal a vanilla Little Trees air freshener, and you hang it from your rear-view mirror before driving on. Tobacco Vanille by Tom Ford.
positive I'll keep this to the point if I can:

This is a must-try! It's mesmerizing, truly. One of the most elegant, refined colognes I've ever tried. I am usually a woodsy/citrus guy, but this has made me really respect the tobacco genre. 

Scent notes are perfectly stated: starts off with a powerful sweetish-tobacco note, which calms down into a mildly-cherry and moreso-vanilla base. To my nose, those were the main parts of this cologne (which is actually of parfum strength). 

I had never tried Tom Ford before, and I couldn't afford a 220USD 50ml bottle. So, I decanted from a reputable ebayer, and am now a TF fan. That might sound ridiculous based on one cologne, but the primary thing that stands out to me is the very high quality of ingredients. You really can tell the difference between a 30USD cologne and a 200USD sometimes, and this is one of those cases. I'm sure there are similar scents out there costing far less than what Ford charges for his "Private Collection". However, you can smell the difference AND feel it too.

This cologne lasts and lasts....over 14 hours on me. And the projection isn't some obnoxious hipster cologne reeking of insecurity and need for approval. TV stands its ground but in a gentlemanly manner; if you get close enough you'll be impressed upon but there needs to be that closeness. I personally like that in a cologne - it turns the right heads if YOU wish.

So to conclude, I heartily recommend you try this. It's a masculine cologne that can be purchased for far less than retail, and stands apart from pretty much everything else out there. Perfect for cooler weather and more formal settings. You don't need to be a cologne snob, a certain age or even love niche tobacco fragrances; you just need to enjoy smelling yourself a lot!
positive When I wear this I often get 'This smells like Christmas' comments but not in a negative way, folk really love the warm, sweet, cinnamon smell and the incredible enveloping density, but not in an overbearing way, this frag has.

Performance seems to be a bit of an issue, with some claiming beast mode and other 'meh, it don't last for diddly' 
I'm lucky as I get beast mode with it and it easily lasts 12-14 hours and projects well for 4-5.
As for the frag, it's pretty much as it says on the tin: Tobacco leaf, vanilla, cinnamon, clove etc and warm, sweet aromatic woods. 
This is Christmas in a bottle or snuggling in your favourite PJs with your SO in front of a roaring fire, toasting marshmallows and sipping on a great claret.

Oh, and it is totally unisex, well at least I think it is, but then again you may not, but that's cool too.
positive Tobacco, vanilla, and lots of spices. Everything with very good sillage. I tried it on along with other fragrances and it went over everything else. I bought it without thinking. It became a favorite, instantly. I think it would be very suitable for men but I'm a young female and I love it. 
positive Amazing scent.  Addicting.  That simple.  First spray is overwhelming and it blossoms from there.  First choice of all the TF's, even over the Amber Absolute, 2nd choice.  
positive Starts off with tobacco and spices and then drys down heavy on the vanilla. Imagine a pouch of rolling tobacco with several vanilla pods left to brew for a week. I also get a kind of aniseed smell. VERY manly. I once got told by a woman while wearing TV that it was the manliest of manly fragrances she had ever smelled. Totally over the top but so good for those special occasions. 

I always find it quite strange when people complain about this being too sweet!! It's called Tobacco Vanille right? Vanilla is sweet. It also has notes of Cocoa & tonka?? Why would you not expect this fragrance to be sweet? It was never meant to be a dry harsh tobacco. Come on guys!!





positive A true beast of a fragrance that lives up to every bit of the hype and considerable accolades.  The others have described it beautifully, so I won't try to add to that.  I will say that this is one of the very few fragrances that I can imagine will ALWAYS be a part of my arsenal.
positive Best fragrance in this genre. Initial impressions on first spray were negative, but the dry down is a beautiful sweet honey, vanilla, cocoa and tobacco olfactory experience that is both alluring and addictive. 
positive It's that signature combination of chamomile, honey, and cedar that creates that pipe tobacco humidor smell.  It's just magic and despite being copied hundreds of times over by now, it arguably smells most at home in Tobacco Vanille, flanked with spicy cloves and sugar-frosted vanilla and a big glob of ash.

Honestly, in the ongoing battle of tobacco and vanilla perfumes, while Tobacco Vanille is the Godfather who sets the standard, I personally prefer Kilian's Back To Black, which places more focus on the honey and pushes the marshmallowy vanilla to the background.  But despite my personal preferences (I'd much rather smell like honey than marshmallows), Tobacco Vanille still deserves a hearty thumbs up.

negative This scent inspired me to begin my journey as a fragrance enthusiast, so I can't turn against it completely, but I've fallen out of love with it and would no longer recommend it. It now seems unpleasantly thick and waxy in a "scented candle"-y sort of way, with the best elements of the composition tucked away beneath the vanilla.

In 2007 it was undeniably original, a bold evolution of the gourmand tobacco that had evolved over the prior five or six years into a strong market presence. In the ensuing decade, it spawned countless descendants, many of which bested it by building compositions with more clarity and structure and intrigue.
negative Quite disappointed with this PRODUCT, which was quite expensive.

The smell is simply unpleasant...  Objectively, it's unpleasant.  This is not a preference so much as the Formulation should not be worn by people.

I sense that the 'Tom Ford' name sucks customers into buying things such as this.  Count me as someone who is regretful.  I left it for the Hotel Cleaning staff when I checked out of a stay in London.

negative I find this nauseating. The sweetness comes over very synthetic to me (that doesn't mean it is). Tobacco Vanille tries to be inoffensive, mainstream. I wouldn't downvote for that. But after wearing this for an hour or so, I cannot stand it anymore - too linear, too sweet, too synthetic (for lack of a better word). Try Amouage Journey if you like Tobacco.
negative You're a Vape Bro and you favor gingerbread cookie flavored vape juice.  

neutral This one rates as neutral to me. As mentioned by others, the dry-down is really not too great, especially when compared to others like Versace Dreamer. This smells to me like those vanilla black and milds, and it gets much much sweeter smelling throughout the wear.

Also noting: I'm not sure if this is just a tobacco frag thing, or if this is Tobacco Vanille in general, but...: I've noticed that a lot of people, men and women, tend to complain about the tobacco smell. *I actually get "anti-compliments" from women on this one, from those in the 25-mid 30's range, so keep that in mind.

The only thing that keeps this from being a thumbs down, is it is sometimes soothing to wear this when I am alone/at night alone. It was really close to being a thumbs down, since this is a heck of a lot of money for something that I will not really wear in public..
neutral Thumbs up for the 2007 version: very beast mode, 1 spray lasts 12 hours with longevity and silage, 12 more as a skin scent.  Sweeter, but not too heavy.

Thumbs down for the current version:  too heavy, tobacco leaf is too prominent, just smells cheaper or has less craftsmanship.

Either way, it is linear and can be cloying.  For my money, I'll take vintage D&GPH, vintage Dreamer, or try something else.  

Poor Tom, he tries soo hard.  But he never can make it across the finish line on his own team.  He played much better on other teams....
neutral It’s the quintessential smoky vanilla, but it gets a bit over powering, and there are plenty of more subtle and alternatives now that offer something a bit more interesting, be it with a more floral, spicy, or woody vibe. Hemmingway, odd fellows bouquet, eau duelle, tabac rouge, aramis tobacco reserve, pure Havane, and, of course, Herod, to name a few.
neutral Smells like pipe tobacco and vanilla. Pretty realistic pipe tobacco thing, which I like. A bit of booziness and a backdrop of, ?leather? It says woods, but smells akin to leather to me. But that is me analyzing. Really, in the air it is probably just vanilla pipe tobacco. As it dried it smelled better. The pipe tobacco seemed to stay true for longer than I thought it would, it didn't unravel. I like it, not love it.  The composition seems somewhat simplistic.  Some get crazy performance, others poor.  I feel like my experience was closer to crazy.  It wasn't the hardest projector, but was clearly smellable on my skin for 8 hours without having to bury my nose.  On a full wearing I would catch wiffs every now and again, which is fairly ideal.  On top of all this, it is stupid expensive, dropping its grade to a neutral.  
neutral Tobacco Vanille (2007) is among the most talked-about of the Tom Ford Private Blend selections, and came out of the original lineup which also spawned Noir de Noir (2007) and Oud Wood (2007). Out of the intial Private Blend wave, Tobacco Vanille has the largest hype monster stalking it, which has certainly proven lucrative for Tom Ford, since many of the sales accounting for this one's success are from blind purchases, and for many this is not just their only Private Blend, but their first Private Blend, and also their first Tom Ford. There are even those for whom this is their only Tom Ford fragrance, even over the more-accessible signature range, proving the effectiveness of word-of-mouth advertising. Tobacco Vanille was also composed by Olivier Gillotin, a perfumer with a good portfolio and frequent Tom Ford collaborator, but also known for some strange and ineffectual fragrances for houses like Dior and the dubious Ed Hardy. Gillotin's heavy hand with gourmand and oriental notes works well here, but you have to like that sort of thing to find the appeal in Tobacco Vanille. As another hype monster on the tip of everyone's tongue, this one doesn't live up to the "endless compliments machine" description it's fans give it, but neither does Tobacco Vanille come across as disingenuous like hardcore niche fans who oppose it will tell you. I think Tobacco Vanille is okay, but maybe not worth the price, since it really feels like a purpose-made "smoker's fragrance" in how dense and single-minded it is about tobacco and vanilla, but more on that later. I also get a giggle out of the fact that the name is half English and half French, almost like Tom Ford just ironically uses the French language because France is such a fixture in the perfume world.

The scent opens with strait-up pipe tobacco, which shouldn't surprise anyone when sniffing. There's sort of an allspice melange going on too, and I can't tell what exact kind are swirling about, but it's very nutmeg and clove oriented. There's a tiny drop of mandarin too, enough to pull this in a sweet direction, but the tobacco still does most of the talking. Cacao joins a rich vanilla, exactly the kind one would expect in vanilla pipe tobacco, giving this the feeling of smelling everyone's uncle Chuck when he comes over to watch football with Dad. Tom Ford was going for an old English gentleman's club, but I'm not getting much of that vibe since there's no real dryness present. A boozy note surfaces in the base, but it's more like a cognac than something definitively English like gin, so once again, no dice on the mental imagery. For whatever reason, this is decidedly more French in spite of the advertising blurb. That sweet boozy note swirls around a fat coumarin tonka note, some dried plum, and a gaiac wood component which Tom Ford is fond of using. Parallels to Givenchy Pi (1998), Michael for Men by Michael Kors (2000), and Dior Homme (2005) can be drawn to Tobacco Vanille in the finish, and perhaps the later Dolce & Gabbana The One for Men (2008) took some cues from Tom Ford here. The dry down reduces the whole thing to the stifling smell of an original Black & Mild Tiparillo with hints of booze and woods. I used to smoke those, so it's not an association I like because I don't want to revisit, since perpetually smelling like you just finished a pipe is not the most comfortable feeling, especially if you no longer smoke.

The only real bit of hype that's actually correct about Tobacco Vanille is the strength. This stuff is indeed "beastmode" like all the gym-obssessed dating-app-using and GQ-reading corporate ladder "dudebr0" types say it is. But whether you're driving your Audi A4 to Gold's Gym for those "sick gains" or "kicking it my guy" with your homies after brokering a new merger, you won't need to have somebody hold your beer so you can reapply. This stuff is literally the gourmand equivalent to Joop! Homme (1989), and it's probably that very heavy tobacco, chocolate, and vanilla combo which is the cause, especially in eau de parfum form. This is sold as a unisex fragrance, but we all know that mostly guys yack to no end about this more than the ladies. It's decent, but a bit stuffy and rich for my tastes, and there are more dynamic options in this category for less, so I'll give it a neutral to be fair, but it's really just another victory for the hype monster, as sillage doesn't equal satisfaction, at least not to everyone. Best used in romantic circumstances or evenings, and cold weather. Noir de Noir is still my favorite from this line, but Tobacco Vanille would get a thumbs up for longevity and elegant simplicity if not for the cloying sillage, plus the fact that it's a tobacco scent which makes you smell like an actual smoker. Definitely sample before giving into the hype and buying, because the other notorious part about Tobacco Vanille is its often the most resold variety among the Private Blends, probably from all the blind buyers. Testing shouldn't be too hard, since Tom Ford sales reps will shove 4ml sprays of this into your hand just for making conversation with them. 
neutral Tom Ford has a taste for bold accords with retro throwbacks, that is evident throughout the Private Blends range. Tobacco Vanille is an interpretation of the ambience of gentlemen's clubs, redolent of warm, aromatic pipe tobacco. Tobacco Vanille is an oriental, centred primarily around the two notes of tobacco and vanilla. A dramatic opening of spicy, sweet tobacco, very rich and even loud, sets off the proceedings. The note of tobacco here is abstract rather than photorealistic, while clove and other spices ensure it is wonderfully multilayered. This accord softens a little in an hour, as a vanilla comes more to the forefront of the composition. The vanilla is gourmandish, somewhat crude and a bit too saccharine. While it pairs reasonably well with the spicy tobacco, it also becomes the dominant accord on my skin as much of the complexity and nuances are lost. Tobacco Vanille is fairly linear thereafter, and overall possesses excellent sillage and duration. 

Tobacco Vanille smells very sophisticated and multi-layered on a card, but on skin it can appear somewhat rough - especially towards the dry down. What works in its favour is that here the composition has an initial edge, and the chief pairing of notes complement each other. The opening act of Tobacco Vanille is immensely arresting, but thereafter it can become underwhelming in the base. It may be argued that it might be a victim of its own success: it's perhaps hard to sustain or follow up on something so wonderful. One has to agree with Luca Turin here - Tobacco Vanille is a good fragrance, perhaps as a parfum d'ambience; but a bit doubtful as a personal fragrance, especially since it lacks in abstraction. I primarily attribute my neutral reaction to the calorie laden dry down; to some can be excruciatingly sweet. 

3/5
neutral I much prefer Eau des Baux from L'occitane to Tobacco Vanille. EDB was released the year before and to me is just so much more wearable. It's more masculine and it's just not as cloying. TV is extremely well made, but for my tastes it's just too sickly sweet in the same way JPG Le Male is. TF Tuscan Leather is definitely more my style and deserves all the praise...
and then some.
neutral A very accurate tobacco scent. If you want to smell like a jar of moist pipe tobacco, by all means. Not a bad scent, just not for me. 

(EDIT 11/27/17) I’ve done a complete 180. This scent has a fantastic quality about it. Warm, comforting, a great winter scent. 
neutral This comes quite close to the sweet vanilla scent of the jar of tobacco in your tobacconists window.  That tobacco is, however, covered in artificial vanilla flavoring and doused in propylene glycol.  This also has a baby powder element that doesn't work well.  It isn't off-putting, but it stands apart from your body chemistry, like a piece of clothing.  Not worth the price, and there are better examples of this genre.
positive amazing!  very powerful, be careful for office or professional settings.  A little goes a very long way.  The only reason I don't own (yet) is because my wife doesn't seem to like it very much.  But hopefully will grow on her and then I'll do the full bottle soon!
positive From start to finish I love this scent (my wife on the other hand HATES IT). Any who some scents I wear for my personal enjoyment.  As for the scent... it is a stunner.  Strong at the start with gourmandish spices and a sweet honey like tobacco... the middle is also an amazing mix of vanilla and tobacco with a hint of tonka and cocoa to my nose.  The dry down of woods with lingering vanilla and tobacco is simply amazing.  A scent that will remain in my collection for as long as it's made (even if the price is slightly prohibitive).  Enjoy!
positive The reactions and responses for this scent are fascinating in and of themselves. I am a great fan of tobacco scents, my favorite still being the very first (R&G's 1911 Cigalia), but also love Tabac Blond (both vintage and re-formulation), Gauloise and DSH's Prophecy.

Tobacco Vanille begins for me with a burst of clove and mint, without a hint of tobacco. Slowly the tobacco leaf note sneaks into the picture, almost as an embarrassed late comer. The humidor effect seems genuine. The gourmand effect of the vanilla, cocoa and tonka bean take over eventually and dominate.

I am wearing this in winter. It does not over power me. It is a perfectly pleasant scent and I like it very much. As with all Tom Ford, Roja Dove, and By Kilian scents, the price tag does me in, so I will not be purchasing it. If you can afford it, go for it.
positive Tom Ford Tobacco Vanille accomplishes the perfect balance of vanilla, tobacco, and enough spices to keep the tobacco/vanilla blend superbly interesting from opening until its eventual disappearance.

It's superbly simple, with few listed notes, but the harmony among them suits me and so many others very well.  The tobacco and spices render it masculine, while the vanilla keeps it inviting and borderline boozy.

TV is among the top performers of the Private Blend line and it's in rarefied air among the likes of Noir de Noir, Tuscan Leather, and of course, Amber Absolute.  Projection and longevity are both superb, among the best I've smelled.

Its power and composition certainly lend itself toward cold weather wearing, though the quality of the scent means that one might make exceptions on summer and spring evenings.  It's serious enough to wear for business, provocative enough to wear on a date, and fun enough to wear on a random autumn day or a holiday.

Despite many clones and approximations, there's nothing quite like the real thing, and for that reason, Tobacco Vanille might be the most worthwhile of any high-end fragrance I own.  And with great performance, the fragrance can last longer per volume.

I'm never one to buy flacons but the 50ml and 100ml atomizers (currently at $225 and $305, respectively, as with most of hte PB line) are worth splurging for.  It was love at first sniff (and this was two years ago, so I was quite late to the party) and the love remains.

If I had to own only one fragrance, it would be Tom Ford Tobacco Vanille.

If you're intrigued at all by sweet tobacco fragrance genre or the hype surrounding this, give it a try.

10 out of 10
positive sweet, sour and syrupy tobacco fragrance

an excellent fragrance that opens up with a slightly harsh and syrupy opening. the harshness is attributed to the tobacco. as it dries down the vanilla, cocao and dried fruits start dominating the fragrance while the tobacco is setting in the background and still providing that slightly harsh feel into the fragrance. the fragrance remains syrupy and sweet till it completely dries down. excellent performance. its most suitable in cold weather.

8.2/10
positive I have now worn this a few times and my relatively inexperienced nose picks up something new each time.
Today, the clove note (although not listed)was very prominent.
I do really like this fragrance, but this is very easy to over-spray, and definitely works better in cooler weather. 
positive Wow! This is one of the best openings I've ever smelled from a fragrance. I smell like the best hot wassail ever! Perfectly balanced blend of notes, in my opinion. AND, there is a coniferous brightness around the edges that just thrills my senses! I'm only about an hour in, so I'll see where this incredible opening takes me. Five hours in now and it's changed. A lot more tobacco is noticeable. Smells like pipe tobacco, still pleasant. I'm now sitting at 13 hours post application, and this still smells wonderful. I'm getting some similarities to Burberry London, which I also love. But, Tobacco Vanille smells a bit less synthetic, and has a smoother, better overall blend. I really love this frag. It was a cold, rainy day and this fragrance kept me warm all over all day and now well into the night it's still going. An outstanding job on this one by TF. Two big thumbs way up!
positive "Give me 1 ping and 1 ping only!" 

Great novelty scent.  Less is more... especially if vanilla, no matter how well done, is but a toleration rather than a celebration. More sprays for the Ladies?  Sure, but it's a cloying risk.  

There are masculine tobacco scents I find more appealing, versatile and inexpensive as compared to TV, however, every so often there's nothing quite like a spritz under that favorite baseball cap bill, thick wool sweater, etc., to accompany a walk through autumnal woods, pipe or cigar in hand and dog at my side.    

I'm only familiar with pre-2010. 

positive Tobacco Vanille is luxuriously, ludicrously rich and heavy – it smells like you are wearing an overstuffed armchair, upholstered with the most expensive materials known to man. It is famously sweet, but its sweetness derives from delicious dried fruits, prunes, and bitter chocolate, all aspects of the rich tobacco absolute used.

People complain about the vanilla, saying that it smells like a holiday candle. Hey! Point me in the direction of a candle that smells as good as Tobacco Vanille and I will buy the shit out of that. Until that happens, shut up. Tobacco Vanille is a thick scent for days when it is so cold you want to never leave the house. There is no better smell to catch for days and days on the label of your heaviest winter coat. I wear it once every 365 days, which is more than enough for one person.
positive Smells very elegant. The dry wood notes mixed with lush, sweet tobacco are fantastic. Like most fragrances, I don't smell all the listed notes. What I do smell is a very sweet vanilla and tobacco blend. The tobacco note is so accurate that it does smell like an unsmoked cigar. I notice the tonka as well and finally, a woody note.

It's very lovely and projects 1 meter at all times. It also lasts 10 hours before starting to fade.

I've had a 4 mL sample vial for more than two years and still have half left. I've gotten at least 10 wearings if that helps you imagine/judge potency.

Overall rating is easily 8.5 out of 10. It's lovely and very fall-like, but not something I reach for often, which keeps me from purchasing a full bottle. 
positive Hated it a couple of times when i tried it. Absolutely loving it after a few full wears.

The opening reminds me of "Close-up Toothpaste" (Red gel) with some cloves, mint crystals & vanilla in the back ground, the effect is balmy, cooling and clears my sinuses. 

The mid and dry down is what I absolutely love when the cloves & mint wear off making way for that beautiful vanilla with hints of musk, honey, resins & tobacco smoke.
The quality of this juice is amazing.


Longevity: 12 hours
Projection: 8.5/10


10/10  

positive Typically vanilla is synonymous with white or cream but this vanilla is not white or cream - it is a dark glossy brown. It's delicious but not in an edible way, I can't help myself from sniffing it over and over again.
My inexperienced nose does not detect a whole lot of notes, mostly smoky woods and deep, dark vanilla. Not a lot of development from top to base but that's ok with me. A truly beautiful fragrance for men and women.

Not exactly a masterpiece but definitely a quality fragrance. 
positive So I kept hearing about this one EVERYWHERE online. I decided to see what all the hype was about. I got my sample in the mail with 4 other random Creed frags that I wanted to check out. So I unwrap the bubble wrap taped around the samples (which was also in a small ziplock from decantshop) and immediately i'm smacked with vanilla. All I thought to myself was, "damn, if this is the T.V I'm going to like this (I love vanilla). Sure enough I opened each vial and it was the T.V. Very potent.

A few weeks later, I setup a date with this woman. I figured T.V would be a perfect fit on this date. So I applied it very carefully (reviews online say to be careful at this part) I spray 3 sprays on my neck and that was it.

The date went better than expected (I wish I could confirm it was from the frag) while she moved in close to my neck (probably 3 hours later) she says, "wow you smell delicious" at that point I knew this was going to be a good night.

All in all, T.V is definitely a great date night frag (when you are not going to the club) and women love it when they move in close, or at least this one did ;)

positive A masterpiece and an absolute triumph in perfumery. My all time favorite and a fragrance that marks the end of my fragrance 'journey'. 
positive I tend to have a high skin temperature that blows through fragrance, so my impressions of TV happened fast.  I got the strong but smooth burst of tobacco, fruit, and a bright, almost bitter note that almost immediately began to round out and warm up and I got a strong hit of spice.  The spice slowly wore away into the simple accord of creamy vanilla and honey, with just the lingering lilt of tobacco.  Pretty simple, very sweet, not usually my thing, but I want to be wearing this ALL THE TIME.  I don't find it to be super long-lasting on my skin, although one spray is plenty, so I feel like I want another spritz after about six hours.  I don't usually gravitate toward super sweet fragrances, but I loved Jil Sander Style, too, so maybe it's all in the blend.

positive This one smells like tobacco and vanilla. Pretty simple. Much like most other Tom Ford Private Blends, this one lacks depth and character.

But the quality and balance of this blend is just astonishingly perfect. If you like tobacco and/or vanilla, you have to smell this.
positive Vanilla and the smell of very rich pipe tobacco. Imagine walking into an exclusive English men's club in the early 20th century, complete with leather chairs, a fire and the carved oak walls and ceilings and what it might have smelled like. Imagine the smell of your grandfather's winter wool coat. This new Tom Ford fragrance defines a new type of fragrance sent that evokes these types of memories. It is a serious fragrance that balances the pleasure of vanilla with the provocative character of pipe tobacco. 
I gave a review that wasn't as pleasant as this a month ago. I had to give this fragrance another try. I smell all I'm suppose to smell, tobacco and vanilla. I personally have the private blend. One spray lasts all day. Two sprays is the max. I wish all fragrances were as potent as this.
positive An intincing, beguilling fragrance that I have grown to love belovedly. I have worn this fragrance for years and gotten nothing but good compliments from it. I starts off very strong with light tobacco, vanilla, and dark fruits; then, the tobacco emerges stronger and deeper developing around the vanilla. In the dry down, the tobacco is still there, but not as much as the middle; the ending, the rich vanilla takes over,but Dont be mistaken, the tobacco is still there from beginning to end, but more so the middle. Tom Ford's Private Blend fragrances are expensive, but well worth the money you purchase them with excellent sillage and projection.  
positive First off... There are very few Tom ford fragrances I like... Second.... I like this. It hits your skin with all the pipe tobacco you could ever want. Rich, moist, tobacco then for me it calms itself just a tad with the vanilla creeping up slightly... But for me that's it... You smell like that amazing pipe shop with the jars of pipe tobacco lining the counter... It's a very fall and winter fragrance. Wear it in the summer and you'll get that ew look from women, wear it in the winter and you'll be curling up together. Good juice, not everyone wears it so that makes it even better to me. 
positive Salutation.

A unpredictable and completely irresistible fragrance by TOM FORD.when you wear TOM FORD fragrances you have got the comment"Wow you really smell unique". Tobacco Vanille is a long lasting scent,one that is both memorable and sensual. Fantastic,Classy,Seductive,Provocative, Sweet,Gorgeous,Hot, Expensive and Luxurious.

Tobacco Vanille infuses rich notes of cacao and tonka bean over an intensely sensual base of vanilla and tobacco that makes a heady oriental scent for a man or a woman who know how to embrace their sensual side and take pleasure in the smaller details.It scents attractive to the senses. sweet and spice vnilla.i love it all you need is two spray and you ready to go.

This dashing fragrance compliments the three piece suit as well as evening attire.Tobacco Vanille is surprisingly intimte and subtle when worn on a date.if you are looking for a unique and enticing evening scent that sets you apart from all the others prevalent on the market today,then TOBACCO VNANILLE is the one for you.
Thank You TOM FORD!

Sillage?Ok.

Longevity?Interminable.

8/10
positive Wonderful fragrance being like I love this genre of parfums.  However, I sometimes get this "churchy" scent when I wear it.  I wanted something that would out do my Eau des Baux (which is heavenly), but sadly, I haven't found this with TV.
Anyway, I do love the scent and its a permanent staple in my collection and my go-to when I want to stand out from the crowd or get the "mmmmmmm what it that smell" comment.
positive Personally I love this scent. 
The opening has quite a punch, gorgeous vanilla, sweet tobacco, spices,  and to me some liquorice? 
I really enjoy wearing this, yes the initial hit mellows over a few hours but which fragrance doesn't? However the vanilla and spice lasts well. 
For those whom are saying it is too spicy it makes me laugh when so many are raving about Spice bomb. 
This is head and shoulders above that. (Have sold mine). 
A true quality dignifies the scent and it is now my favourite cologne. 
Yes you can buy cheaper stuff, but this just oozes quality and class. 
Definitely recommend for someone who appreciates a good, well balanced cologne but is prepared to pay a bit more. 
If you shop around, as I have you can get 100ml for £110.00. Which to me is worth it. Sell some cheaper scents and you're good to go!
positive I 100% agree with taint it sweet; the opening spray-on is the absolute best it will ever smell, then it fades to more vanilla, less tobacco.

I have always been partial to clean, fresh smelling colognes and this is my first attempt at wearing anything containing vanilla, and this may sound odd but I was leery about wearing something with tobacco notes, having quit smoking about three years ago.  But as it turns out, i wear this scent quite well, I enjoy it, and it's quite subtle and blends with my natural odor as the day progresses.  

Longevity is nice and the sillage is low for something that smells so good and lasts so long, the scent really stays with you.

My new favorite, for sure.  Too bad I can only afford to buy 4ml at a time, hahah!  10/10 for me.

negative I went to Neiman Marcus to put a couple sprays on to try it. On my drive home, I thought it smelled very feminine and I had mistakenly put on a perfume. The vanilla note is very prevalent and as a result, is a sweet scent. I am a fan of sweet smells, but not this one. 

Too girly for me. 
negative Surprisingly bad. I was excited for a sweeter tobacco but all I get is a too-sweet vanilla. 

I must be getting some of the spices because, when all is said and done, this reminds me of eggnog. So sad.
negative Don't get it. This sucks. Soaking tobacco leaves in vanilla would probably smell better. Maybe it is the chocolate note that does it for me. 
negative Probably The Most Overrated Fragrances I Have Ever Had!  Just got my bottle of TV from Bergdorf Goodman's, along with Roja Dove and By Killian's.  I Have Many Creeds, By Kilian's, Krigler, Clive Christian and Roja Dove.  Tom Ford and The Clive Christian 1872 Are By Far The Worst Scents I Have Purchased in the Last 8-10 Years.  However, TV does project very well and lasts a very long time.  On the other hand, I just received my First Roja Dove, Sweetie Aoud, One of The Best Scents I Ever Smelled, but doesn't last very long!!  Don't know if there is a Perfect Scent, but Roja Dove Is Pretty Close!!!!!

neutral My second tom ford trial after Tuscan leather. This is a solid fragrance but I feel for the price a little lacking. For much less price you can get some great tobacco scents i.e. Varvatos vintage which for a designer is unique and the tobacco smell goes on and on. The vanilla in this ford is rich and smooth though, like the really good stuff we used to by in Puerto Vallarta. Again, good but I lacking the zing you would expect at the price point.
neutral I've wavered a ton on this one. It gets a neutral review because I've never really disliked it, I just haven't consistently loved it. My major complaint is that, at least on my skin, the tobacco doesn't stick around long enough to provide balance to the sweet notes. I asked my S.O. what she thought an hour after I'd applied and just got a "nice, it smells like cocoa." That's cool, but not really $200+ cool.

The deal breaker came toward the end of my sample. My FiL kept remarking in amusement that our daughter smelled just like her Cabbage Patch doll. (I don't know if this was always a thing, but in the modern era Cabbage Patch dolls come coated in some kind of chemical sweet powder scent that I find pretty off-putting.) It was really strange, because the Cabbage Patch doll lives at our in-laws', and my FiL had first commented right when we arrived. 

As I'm sure you've guessed by now, it turns out that my daughter actually smelled like the TV that had rubbed off of me when I was carrying her. If $200+ isn't gonna fly for generic cocoa, I'm definitely not paying it to smell like a Cabbage Patch doll. (In fairness to TV, I don't think it shares the chemical aspects of Eau de Cabbage Patch.)

I did not find this frag to be the behemoth of projection or sillage as many have noted, either. Moderate at best, though my skin tends to be pretty thirsty across the board.

Overall, I'd give it a 6/10. YMMV with the tobacco. If straight sweet appeals to you, it's probably worth a sample.
neutral Great fragrance at a ridiculous price.  L'Occitane's Eau des Baux smells nearly identical  to TV and it costs a fifth of the price of TF.  But if you need to have the intrinsic value of owning a bottle of TF, you can feel good that it's a very nice scent.

Neutral, due to the unreasonably expensive price.

positive This is what George Bailey would have been wearing in "It's a Wonderful Life".
positive My first foray into the world of fragrances. And what a way to be initiated!

Opens with very little tobacco for me, which may be good or bad, depending on your tastes. A wet, moist tobacco, along with some dried fruit and a hint of spice (cinnamon?) backed by a boatload of vanilla/tonka. Once the tobacco quickly fades I'm left with a vanilla sugar cookie and eggnog vibe.

This is a one spray frag for me. I don't find it cloying, but it is a tad sweet, and two sprays can be overwhelming.

At times, I question whether I should have bought this as my first frag, as it's not 'versatile', but the proof is in the quality -- I continually come back to TV because it smells so incredibly good and versatility be damned. Longevity is at least 12 hours for me, and by hour 15-16 it's in skin scent territory. The next morning and the wonderful scent still lingers.

Looking for serious tobacco? I don't think Tobacco Vanille is for you. As it's blended, though, it fits me like a glove.

My first fragrance, and definitely could be my last. 9/10.
positive It was what I expected from a fragrance called "Tobacco Vanilla"  The longevity is wonderful 7+ hours on my skin, longer on my clothes...but be careful, it stains. I do notice the tobacco fade after 3 or 4 hours. The vanilla and spices in the final dry down do not come across as fake or imitation to me.   Had this fragrance been less expensive to purchase I am inclined to believe the negative and neutral reviewers would be more forgiving.  I get nothing but compliments with this. I enjoy wearing it very much for leisure.
positive For me this is a lovely, rich & sweet tobacco with a little freshness up top & a faint touch of incense. lt's very linear & soft, but never powdery or cloyingly sweet.  lt lasts around seven hours before fading out.
This does exactly what it says on the tin, so to speak, & beautifully captures that scent of vanilla pipe tobacco that l love. A little more smokiness would have made it truly awesome, but even so, it's very nice indeed!
positive Beautiful tobacco, vanilla, and cinnamon crafted into one gorgeous scent. 
Smells exactly like sugar cookies and eggnog. It's an amazing fragrance that was blind bought by me and i love it BUT more importantly the ladies love it! This is high quality stuff and a little goes a long way. 
positive Tom Ford's Tobacco Vanille is Truly a Masterpiece, heavy Tobacco heavy Vanilla mixed with spices and honey notes... a perfect sent for cold weather, absoluetly in love with it ! 
positive Tobacco and vanilla perfected, for sure.  Try layering with Eau des Baux for more distinction. Try a decant of this or Parfume de Marley's Herod or Pure Havanne to save money. A little goes a long way if you choose TV. A true classic with some score deduction for price. 4.5 out of 5.
positive I love this stuff.  I don't get any chocolate, or fruits, or honey.  Just straight up tobacco blended with vanilla, 50/50.  Just as the name implies.  Only con would be the ridiculous price.
positive Starts very strong heady and dense but gradually settles to a smooth creamy vanilla / Almond Scent.
Its strange to see no Almonds listed in the notes as there is a strong and persistent vibe of Almonds , Vanilla along with smooth and light Tobacco.

Tobacco Vanille seems very similar to Dior Hypnotic Poison to me and can be a very nice option for the ladies who like HP Dior.

I personally love smelling it on others (especially Ladies) but cant wear it, A very long lasting and sweet (in a good way) fragrance.

Feb
21
2014

positive It does what it says, the main accord is a silky and sweet tobacco aroma (the "humid tobacco leaves out of the bag" type of tobacco note) blended with a round, rich, terribly good and still not that sweet vanilla note. Smooth and colourful base of spices and dried fruits, with hints of cumin and saffron. And something balsamic which provides a pleasant sort of fresh-anisic feel. Overall it recalls the safe coziness and the unisex elegance of those narrow flavoured cigarillos (that ironically, come always in vanilla flavour among others) which are usually bought either by ladies or young smokers who want to appear cool and "manly", but still can not yet physically stand the effort and show the self-consciousness to smoke a real cigar. And that's precisely how this scent works too: it is soft and elegant, in a really safe-for-everywhere way, but also restrained and somehow tamed down, with a somehow shallow personality, and all materials are bounded in a sort of soothing anonymity - clean and sharp as a posh shop. Now, despite it may seem so, this feature (I mean the fact it's a bit shallow) is actually not completely negative, as at the same time Tobacco Vanille smells undoubtedly classy and much good: it's sweet and Oriental, but dusty and smoky enough not to end up smelling nauseating. Think of something halfway some Lutens' spicy-candied scents, Boucheron Jaipur Homme and some more "manly" tobacco scents. A bit boring and uncreative, probably, but solid and versatile for sure - too costly for what it's worth, but nice.

7/10

positive Beautiful. Rich, smooth and a little dark. Opening reminds me very much of vanilla extract for cooking with notes of cinnamon, some dark raisins, berries and even more complexity is present...leather, polished wood? Some notes I can't fathom but are interesting and delicious to say the least. Tough to articulate but I'm reminded of velvet and silk...This is top quality stuff. During the drydown, the gourmet aspect leaves and the vanilla changes to a pipe tobacco, a quality mild vanilla pipe tobacco with a touch of ash. I own l'Occitane Eau des Baux which some have said is twinned/similar to Tobacco Vanille...I disagree -  Tobacco Vanille is certainly deeper, richer, more complex and smells different to my nose. Eau des Baux for me is a more straight forward vanilla pipe tobacco and incense blend with an overall drier edge to it. I reckon Tobacco Vanille is worth the money... It is robust with outstanding sillage and longevity...a couple of sprays maximum and it projects rich and strong - and lingers the following morning.
positive I originally tried Tobacco Vanille as a Christmas gift, not knowing anything about the fragrance or how pricey it is. I fell totally in love with the sweet, deep, rich spiciness. It opens with the sweetness of tobacco and an incredible blend of mature spices...I then get a creaminess and vanilla and deep rich chocolate laced with anise and dries down to vanilla and woods. It's really hard to explain, but it is a masterpiece. When I went to purchase a new bottle, I was mortified at the price. A co-worker later told me about a pure perfume oil blend of Tobacco Vanille that she purchased online for less than $40 an ounce and I thought it would be a waste of my time, but to my total surprise, it has the same deep, sweet spiciness as my original bottle of Tobacco Vanille had. For those who want to give it a try, it is worth every penny. Chemistry and Co. http://www.chemistryco.com. I am very pleased with Tom’s Ford’s Tobacco Vanille, both in the original version and the pure perfume oil interpretation. Sjnce wearing Tobacco Vanille, I have become a bit of a perfume LOVER. I never knew the journey that fragrances can take you on.
positive Complex fragrance...

This one is not easy to describe as just "Tobacco" and "Vanilla", I find it much more complex than that. To me this opens up with a huge wave of honey. Honey and dried fruit, coupled with boozy vanilla, almost like vanilla extract. It's very much in gourmand territory, and I think people who like gourmands will like this one. It can also be quite sweet and medicinal, almost syrup-like, and that can be overwhelming (or even perhaps cloying) if sprayed too much. It is a high strength Eau de Parfum, and a little goes a long way (no more than a couple of sprays). In that respect, you won't need much of it and it's worth the price in many respects, as it does smell very well made and expensive. I can pick up some very faint tobacco, but to my nose it's overshadowed by the sweetness of the vanilla, tonka bean, and honeyed-fruits. In conclusion, I think it's worth the price for what you get. I think it can come across as masculine, but it's also wearable by a well dressed woman. I find it a little linear to begin with, but I do appreciate that it changes in the dry down and you can pick out individual notes. Overall a very very well done fragrance by Tom Ford. Try it first, but I think many will love it. Addictive stuff!
positive Rich vanilla that evolvesI received this recently, as I have been on the hunt for a nice vanilla-based fragrance. While I have Frapin's 1697, I had come across too many interesting reviews of this frag to pass it by. So, having worn it now for a while, I find the following: 1. I get a very strong vanilla and tobacco-leather off the start.2. The leather and tobacco fade quickly on me unfortunately, but it does leave a cinnamon note that I find interesting.3. The vanilla is sweet, with a hint of cherry. Some reviewers have likened it to the cherry-vanilla car fresheners that you hang from your rear view mirror. I get what they're saying, but this scent is not anything like that, rather, its more of the scent of the vanilla-cherry you get when smelling certain unburned aromatic pipe tobaccos, such as the famous IQ pipe tobacco blend.4. This fades to soft, so the sillage is low on my skin, but the scent is there the next morning, so the longevity is long. In other words, it lingers a very long time, much as my Tom Ford Tuscan Leather does, but that lingering scent is also faint as of about 2 hours of wearing it. Overall, this one evolves on me, to run through a series of vanilla variations, starting with a tobacco scent, then into cinnamon, then more of a cherry-vanilla, then just smoke and vanilla at the final gasp. Its a very nice scent, not sure if its worth the high price. However, I thought that of my TF Tuscan Leather, and that 50ml bottle of TL has lasted me over 2 years owing to its strength (a little goes a long way) and to its heaviness (strong and complex, so not an everyday frag). I foresee Tobacco Vanille being like this; strong, and not an everyday wearer, but a very unique one.Pros: Strong vanilla note, with complexityCons: Not as much of a dry tobacco as I would like, such as L'Artsan's (unavailable) Tea for two"
positive LovelyI love this, this was my first Tom Ford scent and it boiled down to this or Tuscan Leather. I think I made the right choice. Tobacco Vanille is a little more dynamic than TL I think although I will pick up TL at some point as well.This opens with a nice warm cigar-esque smell, I also think it's quite spicy at first which is later replaced with the vanilla. I have to try my hardest not to wear this all the time, once I sampled this I couldn't buy it quick enough. Is it worth £130? I'm not sure about that, it does have excellent longevity and projection which can't be said for all of the Tom Ford range so at least there is that. It's a formal fragrance and I think best suited to colder weather. It's definitely not something you can wear in a club either, way too serious.I keep this one for a special occasion, family meals, romancing the wife etc.Pros: Longevity, classy, deepCons: Expensive"
positive Struth...I purchased a sample bottle of this and when it arrived at work i couldn't wait to open it up and give it a try.. I went to spray some in front of me and then sniff the air but instead I sprayed myself straight in the face... :'( Picture a Cuban Cigar with a scent of vanilla.. 10 minutes later... Picture a smokers ashtray in their car and a vanilla scented xmas tree hanging from the cars mirror trying to cover the scent of the ashtray... omg... i washed my face twice that afternoon and it wasn't till the following morning that the scent had finally subsided... you live and learn I guess... ;)
positive A MASTERPIECE SCENT.Sex in a bottle. Period. I just wish the tobacco smell lasted longer, the opening (50% tobacco, 50% vanille) fades away after a couple of hours and you're left smelling just the vanille. 9.5/10Pros: 1) It's sex in a bottle. 2) Powerful, classic, quality fragrance. 3) LONGEVITY is AMAZING.Cons: 1) Tobacco note fades away after the first couple of hours. 2) High price. "
positive Less is much, much more	Grabbed a small sample of Tobacco Vanille from Bloomingdale's after giving myself a few sprays. I found, for me, just putting my finger to the opening of the bottle and dabbing each wrist--and if I really want a bit more projection in my hair--Tobacco Vanille is in a league of its own. 	I think men go waayyyyyyyy overboard with their expectations and analysis of scents. All this talk of silage, projection, and longevity is a bit anal. Just go to Nordstom's, Barney's, or a Bloomingdales, dress like you belong, say you've heard a lot about it, and ask for a sample. Not a quick spray a sample. Then see how it makes YOU feel. It's really that simple. T/V makes me feel like I belong in the Harvard Club or playing a round at Pebble beach or winter in Palm Springs. It gives me a sense of quiet, restrained power and that becomes the way I act. 	If I just get off on a scent but it doesn't stimulate some deep recess of my unconscious that alters my self-perception, it's off the table. T/V compels me to believe that even if I'm 20 or 30 years older than a woman, I can walk up to her and she'll be caught up in my belief that I'm someone to take seriously--again, if my suit and other adornments are consistent with the scent. It's grey flannel, wood-panelled walls in boardrooms, and private jets. That's quite a hat trick for a scent to pull off.Pros: A littler goes a long, long wayCons: Decant may be better way to go than spray."
positive Projection beast	Wanted to own a Tom Ford fragrance so I decided to buy the highest rated one without previously smelling it. Upon my initial wearing, I was taken back...this is potent, strong, and very much simply tobacco and vanilla. It actually smells like you've smoked a cigar around a cherry tree? Projection and Logevity are amazing...I don't know if it was worth the money or if I'm in love but lets see how it does in the winter. Pros: Distinct, sweet, powerfulCons: Linear smell"

negative starts with an incredible tobacco scent then goes horribly sweet ends up vanillaThis is one of the most wonderfully opening masculine scents in my opinion ! so intense , very clear tobacco. i almost rush to buy the bottle but as i tested it the vanilla became stronger until it was so cloying i actually felt nauseous. Its so sad that the vanilla is just too over  powering and horrible horribly sweet in my opinion. It projects well with great silage but honestly it ends up smelling of artificial vanilla custard powder. if this was reformulated to be less of a sledgehammer it would be a masterpiecePros: incredible opening of tobaccoCons: really really horrible after about 2 hours. "

neutral &#932;&#959;&#959; Strong!! I wouldn't recommend it to individuals younger than 30 years old. In fact I'd suggest 50+ year old men to buy this. It's very spicy and gourmant. 
neutral The opening is one of my favorite openings of any of my colognes. I love it. The problem is that it then turns into a strong vanilla scent without enough tobacco. The only thing that keeps this from being a 10 is the dry down. This is something I wish they would actually reformulate to include a stronger tobacco note throughout. 
neutral I'll start with the positives.. First off the vanilla note in this fragrance is lovely, reminds me exactly of the vanilla note in Noir de Noir and for me the longevity and projection was excellent. I applied a small amount of this (can't say exactly because it was a splash sample and not an atomizer) but it was only a 0.5ml sample and I applied around a 5th of that. It was still going strong when I decided to have a shower 9 hours later.  For me this is where the positives end, the spices in this are just completely overwhelming. When it was first applied I felt like I was getting a spicy/sweet tobacco and I was happy with it as I thought this was going to dry down into a creamier vanilla but that spices just never left the whole day, whenever I kept getting a whiff all I could think about was that spices! Just completely overwhelming and not what I was expecting. It actually ended up giving me a very sore head, it was that strong.

I actually wanted to give this a negative review when I'd finished with it but I figured that I couldn't whilst  the projection and longevity were so good. Somebody who actually likes this scent would have a great fragrance on their hands but personally I just couldn't stand it.
neutral I can very much understand the love for this.

But to my nose the spice is just too agressive, I wish it would be more creamy vanilla mixed with pipe tobacco (as the name suggests) but the spice kills it for me (I can literally feel it burning at my sinuses).

I think the cloves just went insane on my skin, and that is all I coudl smell the whole way through.

It does calm down a bit over time, but that overpowering spice is still there.

Has to be neutral from me, but I really did want to like this one.
neutral I enjoy layering TV with Tobacco Oud to round out the sweetness of the Vanilla. Very nice pipe tobacco that is expertly blended, hence the $$$. 

A little goes a long way here so buy with confidence. Neutral rating as I just have a hard time wearing this one other than on an evening with very cool weather.

3.5 stars.


neutral This is a lovely scent, however the price is far too high and amounts to extortionate. It is one of those fragrances which are worn close to the skin. Its projection id poor. Very Poor. You have to be within 6-10 inches to smell it. So maybe a Valentine frag. Having said that you will probably be short for a meal out after having shelled out for this!  It reminds me on mother making a cake and father smoking a cigar. 
neutral The opening was cinnamon, vanilla and a pinch of cherry tobacco, then just cherry vanilla and a hint of cinnamon. Lasts a long time though

I really wanted to love this but I don't want to smell like Dr. Pepper all day
neutral Opens like smokey vanilla extract, then settles into a sharp vanilla. It's not a bad sharp, and in a way is pleasant. But it's too simple of a start and end for me to want to buy it.  I don't see the fuss!

TL;DR: Too simple of a combination for me to love.  Longevity is nice, though.
neutral This is amazing when it first goes on and the tobacco is big and bold. Within an hour or two the tobacco pretty much is gone and you are left with vanilla and cedar.  That stage lasts a long time.  It's nice, but this is done better elsewhere I think.
neutral Less "Vanille" Please

	A gourmand with a couple of tattoos, Tobacco Vanille begins harmoniously enough: high quality spicy tobacco with a heavy dose of sweetness underneath.  The delicious tobacco fades too quickly, and one is left to decipher the muddled base for the remaining seven hours of the scent's life; there is some vanilla in there to be sure, along with some tonka, and perhaps some cocoa.  These notes are poorly misused in the scent, and create a sticky confection potent enough to make the pillsbury doughboy gag.



	Projection and longevity are slightly above average.



	2.6 out of 5

Pros: Great opening
Cons: The drydown is obnoxious"</p>
positive Big, powerful and sweetThis is one that I have to be in the mood for. It is big, and has a very much 1970s feel to it. It goes back and forth for me between sophisticated and raw. A cowboy college professor or college professor cowboy. The sweet tobacco begins to give way to the vanilla an hour into the dry down for me. Projection strong but not choking. I like this, but don't see this as something I would wear that often. However, the sample is still half full, so we shall see. Update: A little more time with this, and it is really great. The basic essence is the same, but as it calms down, it really becomes both sexy and powerful.
positive It wasn't love at first smell	The first time I tried it I did not like it. It took me a while to fall in love with it. As far as compliments, my daughter hates it (lol), and the girls my age (30+) and older really like it. 	In simple words, when I wear Tobacco Vanille I feel like a sexy cowboy. Love this fragrance. 	It is masculine and complex, but since not everyone loves as much as I do I would recommend to try a couple of times.Pros: Strong silage, projection, and longevity.Cons: 
positive Tobacco Vanille opens with a strong tobacco leaf note blended with some sweetness that smells like honey to me. Syrupy or medicinal, in a good way. The tobacco remains dominant for a couple of hours on my skin, then the vanilla takes over. Reminds me of rootbeer / cream soda with hints of tobacco and spices. 

Longevity is very good (not excellent), the projection is loud the first couple of hours, then it tones down, before becoming a skin scent. 

While Tobacco Vanille seems easy to understand, it is a fine perfume that every fragrance head must smell. Thumbs up!
positive This is a beautiful Vanilla based fragrance. I get mostly spices, vanilla, and woods, more so than tobacco. The tobacco note in this fragrance is very faint. I would have loved for TV to have a stronger tobacco presence.  However, this is an excellent fragrance for winter with powerful projection and staying power.
positive A very nice scent. It's exactly as others have described here. It reminds me of my grandfather's pipe tobacco humidor. It does have a nice vanilla drydown but, for me, the pipe tobacco note lasts pretty much the whole time. I didn't notice any cinnamon. I can see this as a unisex fragrance. The big drawback is the ridiculous price- I'd buy it if it wasn't so costly.
positive 50% Tobacco, 50% Vanilla at opening.  

25% Tobacco, 75% Vanilla at drydown.

Enough tobacco to flavor and spice the fragrance, but not overpowering or musty.

Just the right about of vanilla, so it is not feminine or overly sweet.

Quality notes, great projection and longevity.  Relatively versatile for what it is.

May be out of your price range, but if you have the money, this gem is definitely worth it.

9/10
positive One of the better Private Blends IMO. It starts off with a vanilla blast and the tobacco creeps up very fast. It settles down to a nice sweet cinnamon and vanilla scent with that tobacco still in there. The spices really assist this one to be a really good winter scent.
positive A Great perfume. It perfectly recreates the illusion of sweetish pipe tobacco and/or unsmoked cigars. I simply love that scent. However, the scent is not cloying or too heavy. And it is really the tobacco scent that is dominant, not the vanille. Curiously the perfumer has also managed to blend smoked or burnt tobacco scent  as well, creating the impression of the delicate smell and scnt of the cigar club of which I was member a few years back. Recommended! 
positive Aside from DHI, TV is my wife's favorite scent that I wear. Very sexy scent which is odd because I really don't consider tobacco as a sexy scent. I get Tobacco (duh) vanilla (duh) and then I get a light mixture of honey and cinnamon to round it off.
positive This is absolutely stunning. The tobacco flower and the vanilla infuse to make a dark, honey accord. In fact, when I wear it I get a beautiful cloud of honey and cocoa and its so gorgeous. During the dry down I get a smokey tobacco leaf and a chocolatey fruit smell. Absolutely unisex, the kind of scent u want your gf/wife to wear. When I wear this to the strip club, the dancers get a lil closer, and the dances last a lil longer ;)
positive Not a lot to add. Loved it when I first purchased it two winters ago. Love it this winter.
positive LOVE it, mostly.

The first time I tried this (at a store in San Fran), I dismissed it as "not for me" as it made me rather nauseous. I've recently come back to try an individual sample and sure am happy I did so! It turns out that the nausea was due to just way too much sampling. 

Upon second try, I find that I LOVE it for the first 4-5 hours... then the tobacco begins to fade and you're left with a smell that reminds me of sugar cookie dough... too sweet at this point. 

It's honestly a masterpiece... for the first 4-5 hours. After that? Not so sure. I'll update when I have more experience with it.
positive Initial thought, overrated. I tried it and just didn't get it. I revisited this the other day and wow, I must have been crazy. That sweet burst of tobacco eventually dried down but never really hid in the shadows as the vanilla crept up. Throughout the evening I kept getting hints of the tobacco swirling with vanilla. This is exactly what I wanted it to be, Warm, Sophisticated, Relaxed, Opulent. Now to justify the price. When my girlfriend pulled me close 6 hours later and reminded me that I smelt amazing, the deal was done. 
positive Fragrant pipe tobacco with vanilla and dried fruit accord. Enjoy the way the pipe tobacco blends and does not overpower the other notes. Sits close to skin but lasts all day.  More than 12 hours on my skin and tobacco leaf faded into dry sweet tobacco flower vanilla blend. I swear I can also pick up a light fresh dry orange scent too. 
positive When I was a child I went to Paris. Everywhere smelt either of Gauloises, flowers, cognac, and this incredible haunting, vanilla-cigar type smell. Paris does not smell of anything much anymore, but this scent is the nearest thing to what I remember. 

If you are heartily sick of vanilla (like me), please give this a try, it isn't like any of the usual vanilla smells out there. Also, don't dismiss it after the first spray - the honeyed vanilla tones dominate at first and you need to give it a few minutes for the subtler cedary tobacco notes to come through. 

Highly recommended, but the price is truly scary. 


positive You like vanilla, tobacco, amber and honey - here it is!  Initially I mainly get honey and a bit of tobacco, but then vanilla arrives and blends with the honey very pleasantly, whilst the amber remains in the background of this canvas. I was expecting rich,  Mugleresque heaviness, and trying it at temperatures between 30 and 97F within one week I expected it to be very cloying in the hot weather. None of that to my surprise, it was always balanced, was never cloying and, unusual for a gourmand scent on me, even displayed moments of elegance on my skin on a hot day.  At times the vanilla felt synthetic and a bit cheap, but most if the time it was a good impression.  Silage and projection are good on me, and the longevity is outstanding at over nine hours.  In spite of some occasional weaknesses, it deserves a thumbs-up overall. 
positive A masterpiece from Tom Ford house.
The notes break down is very simple but overall smell is great.
The opening is great mix of tobacco and honey and vanilla. very sweet and dark and pleasant.
At the base tobacco note is very weak in the background but vanilla and honey are still there with so delicious smell! I want to bite my wrist! lol
Very good longevity but projection isn't that great.
For the 2-3 hours you have a very good scent cloud but after that it's a skin scent fragrance!
positive That's a masterpiece. A warm and comforting blend of honey and sweet tobacco, rounded by warm vanilla. It's unisex and has a great sillage, lasting power and projection. Well, i cant describe it more than saying it's a masterpiece. 

positive If you are drawn to pipe tobacco, want to smell it all day,  but don't want to smoke? If yes, then this is amazing.  It reminds me of Yukon Gold pipe tobacco (vanilla flavored.)  Super sexy scent that everyone I know that has experienced has loved.
positive Absolutely adore this fragrance. A realistic pipe tobacco scent with a dark, vanilla dry down? I can't even begin to tell you how beautifully this fragrance performs. I have dry skin and therefore it is difficult to find fragrances that last. However TV lasts and lasts. This is one of the best fragrances I have ever purchased. It is expensive, yes. But worth the money in my opinion. It makes me feel good and brings out a big smile on me whenever I take a sniff. Very masculine too. 
positive The Vanilla knocked me for 6! 
but in a good way. Jeez i mean if you  have ever fantasised about being a vanilla Ice cream?  YES? then this is for you!

stunning and gorgeous. Please be easy on the trigger or you will kill people. the tobacco i find gives it an EDGE not a horrible overwhelming vibe.

but damn if you like Vanilla then there are no questions asked. Buy this.
positive Top:  Tobacco leaf, spicy notes
Heart:  Tonka bean, tobacco blossom, vanilla, cacao
Base:  Dried fruits, woody notes

I was eager to try this EDP since it contains some of my favourite notes.  Like many fragrances of Tom Ford's Private Blend Collection, Tobacco Vanille has a slow dry-down and an unbelievable longevity.  When I first applied, though, an intense and sickeningly cloying whiff turned on a big red light for me.  I told myself:  This one is a big no-no!  I was afraid I would reek of sweet aromatic pipe tobacco for hours.  Fortunately, about 50 minutes later, the dry-down began and the tonka and vanilla notes became a little darker and richer as the dryer wood notes started to emerge.  The tobacco remained discreet but still present in the background.  I was expecting a slightly smokier fragrance but since I love tonka/vanilla-based perfumes, I was not really disappointed.

Tobacco Vanille is ridiculously expensive but its longevity partly makes up for the outrageous price.
positive For the ones of you that like pipe tobacco with a sweet cherry note and don't despise vanilla this perfume is gonna generate a big smile on your face.

This fragrance is kind a hard to not like unless you cannot stand pipe tobacco and/or vanilla.

Nevertheless it might not be good for every occasion.
positive While Dior Homme Intense is my all time number 1 fragrance, Tobacco Vanille has one thing over it: the best example of well made vanilla in a fragrance. The name is self explanatory and yes, this is a very, very sweet fragrance; of course, that also means it's very easy to like (like a flawlessly made designer scent, with nuclear power and big price tag, but it's oh so good). The tobacco is noticeable, but it's not offensive and overly masculine. It's a perfect blend of the tobacco note along with the powerhouse vanilla note. While the tobacco is noticeable at the top the most, the vanilla soon takes over and this becomes an insanely great smelling, sweet vanilla scent, that easily lasts more than most fragrance offerings. Price is expensive for this (which is why I opted for a split of 50ml), but one spray of this beast would easily do the trick. It's simply very potent...but you know what? This might work great in the summer too! One spray of this on the chest and you will be smelling sweet and sexy all day long. Very crowd pleasing scent, very well made. If you are looking for vanilla, this is the one to try (easily beats even the upper end competition such as Spirituese Double Vanille).
positive The progression between the stages of this stuff was very slow for me last time, so I'll get through as much of it as I can today. Initially, I'd call it soda plus chocolate, with a vein of something fruit-based that provides a streak of coolness across the warm sweetness, at least for the first few minutes. I think there's both coffee and caramel, a slight nuttiness, and of course tobacco, and I actually like this phase quite a bit because I find there's enough earthiness and dust to cut the sweetness. It's a surprisingly masculine gourmand, and the soda/cola connotations here are OK by my standards because they're more like the cola-flavored Bottle Caps candy, sort of a toned down reference to cola. The overall smoothness of the mixture is rather remarkable, with nothing sticking out and the individual notes blurring into one another. Even the extreme sweetness, which might normally be suffocatingly heavy, stays restrained by the other components for now; it comes across as more of a liqueur sweetness (frangelico, kahlua, and bailey's?) than a candy sweetness. It risks being very potpourri-ish, and as much as I like potpourri, I worry that it would call to mind too many associations with your prim and proper aunt Georgina's elaborate Christmas decorations. Ultimately, the vanilla gets stronger and more insistent very slowly over many hours, and eventually ends up being a bit much for me as the earthier notes fade. A very interesting blend, but I agree that the first hour or two is what's worthwhile.

negative I don't get this scent. I almost feel sick when I smell this. Tried to give it away, but no one seemed to like it.
negative Where do I start with this? First let me say that I'm a big fan of Tom Ford fragrances and I'd been looking forward to trying this for a while. Well yesterday I found myself in Harvey Nichols in Leeds and so I gave it a go.

I'll leave it up to those with much more experience to describe exactly what notes are detectable and how they develop, but what I will say is that I found it awful to the point of being offensive. My girlfriend agreed and even made me get straight in the shower to scrub it off when we got home!

I'm just starting out trying new fragrances whilst I build my collection and I understand that Tom Ford can be a little 'out there' with his private blends. That said, I can't ever imagine it to be socially acceptable to smell like this. I've read the positive reviews with interest and am surprised to see that there's a lot of love for this on here so I guess it's a case of love it or hate it, but I will advise people to try this one before you buy!

neutral Very surprised by the 88 positive to 12 negative reviews..
I get 1 hour of Tobacco and 8+ hours of platics-y, ultra synthetic vanilla. 
I much prefer the creamier varities of vanilla, but that of TV smells like I melted a plastic toy made from vanilla and smeared it over my skin.
Projection bomb on me- NO
Longevity monster- NO, 12 hours sometimes less which is above average.
I go 4 sprays and some rec 1.
Is it a masterpiece or complex- NO
I give it a 8/10
neutral I so wanted to love this, but I am not a big vanilla fan. Sure, I know it's right there in the name and all, but I was hoping for more tobacco and less vanille!

The top notes are nice with a green tobacco leaf, spice, amber and vanilla. But after about half an hour I don't smell anything but powdery vanilla. If you love vanilla, this is your scent! 
neutral I wanted to like it... The Top Note was nice... Tobacco was apparent.  But at dry down, the Vanilla became overpowering.  Smelled like a woman's cologne... a more sophisticated "Vanilla Fields"  It has longevity, but I had to bury my nose in my wrist to smell the tobacco that I was looking forward to. Don't wear it in hot humid weather... but it would work at a church desert social.
positive I adore Hypnotic Poison and find it addictive and irresistible. Reminds me of a dark, lightly spiced, and very sweet root beer. One of my favorite sweeter, foodier scents which is not normally my go-to type of scent. Feels heavy like a rich dessert after a big meal— satisfying— for relaxing and languishing, not a daytime/workday scent in my opinion. Not as heavy and heady as Addict. Absolutely delectable!! Very long lasting as well. Can smell it on my throw pillow after sampling it last night. Have wanted a full bottle for awhile now. Awesome, beautiful bottle, too. Yum!!!! 
positive Hypnotic Poison - Dior
A perfume wrapped in an ultra-soft and smooth-velvety plucheness, round, thick and so smooth, you actually wanna stroke and hug it- extremely comfortable as it is. It delivers straight off the bat with a fresh not-sour 'blackberry on cocosnut'  tonality that quickly blows up big and soft like an aircushion. Violet-leaf, helitrope, lactonic-vanilla, indolic-jasmine on musk, and a slight smoky, clean (ceder)wood with hot-rubbery and camphorous undertones of burlap, create a very harmonious and very recognizable scent-profile full of personality and character. Extremely well blended, it feels like the accelerarion of a Bentley, effortless but very high performance at the same time. A classic.
positive Sweet almond; almost cherry-like accord.  Slight cookie spice.  Booze-like.  Sweet jasmine note.  Sweet woody note.  Spicy vanilla musk.  Girly-girl.

The almond with its marzipan-like accord, lasts for quite some time.  That, is a lovely aspect.  A definite gourmand perfume, in my mind.  Not what I expected.  I prefer the original Poison.
positive I compared Hypnotic Poison and Kenzo Amour wrist by wrist. Yes, the openings of both do share some similarity. I feel adding some rice and a little spice, the vanilla and coconut opening of HP can pass like Amour.

Then they evolve differently. HP does remind me strongly of Play-Doh. I was almost shocked to find it realisitic to that point. Might be the vanilla-almond-coconut combo? It's a little funny to my nose, though I don't think it's the right emotional response to be expected.

Then come jasmine and tuberose. At this stage, I can feel the feminity and the romance throughout the fragrance. However, I really should have put only one spritz. Two are already too much. For the subtlety of the flowers, I have to stick my wrist to my nose, while the strong powdery and sweet vanilla is still dominant and floating in the air.

The longevity is excellent and the sillage can reach far even with two spritzes. I can feel the coziness when it's calmed down. It's really a pity that I should have been more careful while spraying. And don't forget it's a very sweet vanilla scent. Just don't make the same mistake as me.
positive This is by far my signature scent.  I love how you can distinctively detect every single note,  while it blends together perfectly.  Its one of those unforgettable scents.  In a sea of vanilla frangrances,  it stands out.  Alluring,  sensual,  deep and clingy.  Perfection. 
positive I won't describe it, there are enough reviews for it. It deserves one more positive review though.  This is a long-time favorite of mine and I couldn't live without it. My bottle is from June 2002. 
positive Salutation.

HYPNOTIC POISON is One of the best Oriental-Vanilla.It is Truly all about what I Expect from This Kind of fragrances.A Warm Sweet Vanilla scent in a very Distinctive Bottle. Classy, Gorgeous,Powerful,Seductive,Feminine, Sophisticated,Irresistible,Hypnotic and a Beautiful Masterpiece.

HYPNOTIC POISON is a Perfect Illustration of Special DIOR Style and All notes are at a Perfect harmony too. A Rich Combination of Spice notes, Sweet Vanilla,Romantic Flowers and Bitter almond Makes it An Delicious Elixir of the Senses and Gives You Confidence when You walk Somewhere. The Vanilla is quite Dominant.

It is Perfectly suited for COLD weather and perfectly warming to the Heart. It is not for a Lady who is not daring Enough.Perfect for a queen in ROMANTIC moments. If you are Looking for a Head Turner or a Fragrance for Men Seduce try it you will Love it.HP is A real Magnet and worth Every penny you pay for it.

Sillage?Ok.

Longevity?Excellent on my skin.

8/10 
positive My first impression of this went something like, 'Ah, a nice & bold vanilla scent, but is it really  hypnot- ohhh. There it is!' Something in this concoction tickles the very back of your nose and gives you a lightheaded sensation, similar to that satisfaction you feel after a good sneeze. Mmm.. Sexy, dark and heavy. It's got a boozy quality, as well (I was certain it had to be bourbon vanilla before I read the notes more closely). To me, this smells almost exactly like Yves Rocher's Vanille Noire (which somehow, I discovered first). Lastly, this juice packs a serious punch - it lasts all day. Absolutely deserving of its name.
positive My bottle of the Hypnotic is old.  Like probably first-edition old.
I love it.
When I first bought it, I wore it a lot.  Even an office mate cribbed my perfume (if/when the odd chance occurs in which someone asks what fragrance I'm wearing, I tell).
Lookit: you really do not need my take on the listed notes, 'cause they were all there.
Okay.  So, anyway, what I'd like to share with you is what my old bottle 'turned' (aged) into:
only the most incredible, beautiful, jaw-droppingly gorgeous jasmine perfume EVER!
Well, that I have smelled, anyway.
So, money well spent.
I can't speak as to the current formulation; haven't smelled it/them.
positive When i first smelt poison i liked the creamy sweetness but never actually purchase it, i since then went on to other perfumes, but occasionally would go back to it and sample it feeling it felt "too grown up " for me, finally after about year or so i tried it again on my skin and loved it! why hadn't i bought this sooner! 

Its like an almond cookie/ vanilla cake dipped in an expensive wine, very creamy and milky, sweet but not overly sweet like teenager scents, makes me feel special, and has a very unique smell to it very individual, like that fact that it doesn't seem to be what everyone is wearing feels like my own individual scent ( if that makes sense) doesn't have loads of clashing elements i find with other perfumes i can just define its sweet creamy almond smell, dries down to a more powdery milky vanilla, feel sexy when wearing this. Love the bottle stands out from rest. Lovely color to it also. 
going to purchase the 100 ml next time! last about 4/5 hours on me and stays longer on clothes :)
positive review by stefly321About 14 yrs ago i  had girlfriend who wore this. It blew me away then and still does now. Sadly we split up 3 yrs later but whenever i smell that heady whiff of vanilla of HP, it takes me back to some good memorable times. A really great fragrance.Pros: lasts for agesCons: none"
positive Sexy It's a very lovely and sexy fragrance. But the key is not to overdo it. It's a very strong and sweet scent that will fill up a room when you walk in. Just the perfect amount of sprays can make a huge difference between a suffocating and annoying smell to a very feminine, sexy and killer fragrance. Everytime I wear it I get compliments, especially from men, which really boosts you up on a night out. They seem to love it. It is a fragrance that doesn't seem to evolve much. Personally, I seem to only get almond and vanilla all the way through.  I highly recommend it if you like sweet fragrances and you want to feel like a femme fatale, without feeling trashy. Just be careful with the amount you spray on.
positive Perfectly named fragrance.., delicious vanilla and almond scent....kinda smells like delicious fancy italian wedding cake. Gourmand, long lasting, sensual and sweet. Quite addictive. The  scent does have an invisible aura around you that is mesmerizing and hypnotizing. Men like this a lot. A lot of men even wear this! It can be warm on either sex.....its like a cloud of delicious scent that hovers arohnd you like an aura. Very beautiful.
positive It has been reformulated. The old version, black cap, was divine, original, sexy, unique. 
The new version is still one of my favorite fragrances: sweet, powdery, sensual, feminine and very longlasting.
The body lotion is delicious as well.
I love the sweet vanilla/bitter almond combo, the beautiful jasmine, musk and sandalwood notes.
This is a modern masterpiece.
I love it!


positive I love this. I'm a newb to fragrances and stumbled across this via Basenotes reviews. I would say it's borderline unisex, I'm a blue collar manly-man type but I find myself wearing this more and more. I thought it a little too fem for wearing out in the world...but... but I like it so much I find myself pushing the envelope more and more. When I'm home alone I apply very liberally. I wear it out now and then but only after it's settled for a an hour or two. On my skin the chocolate notes really stand out.
positive Day three of my walk on the wild side and into the shady alleys of femme fragrance. Having been placed under the spell of Shalimar and being broken by Tabu, was I man enough to take my Dior Poison?

The English expression goes 'What's your Poison?' meaning what will you take to drink, or these days what will you take to get you high?

Perhaps it's this sentiment of imminent undoing that Dior had in mind when naming this 80s fragrance held by many as a manly masterpiece and much-emulated not least by the house itself with flankers including Dior Hypnotic Poison with which I am primarily concerned.

Whilst the name vein of 'My Sin', 'Vol de Nuit' and of course, 'Opium' with their suggestions of the improper, the dissolute, the dangerous or despicable may be what is being mined here the scent itself is a much more restrained and altogether polite and well mannered creature.

It is always alarming when a fragrance carries a direct connection to a memory - mother in childhood, school bully, first kiss, first boss, first wife... But when the memory is more recent and more focused then the sensation I can assure is all the more unsettling for its precision and being freshly cut.

For that is the sensation that swept me up on encountering Poison Hypnotic.

It smells of an actual luxury hotel in a busy port on the Aegean: a Levantine city known throughout the world for the production of figs. Not vaguely, not reminiscently or nostalgically. Precisely.

This is the odour of the bed linens, the almonds in the lounge, the beautifully planted and kept gardens, the towels by the pool. This is the perfume of a vacation I took just weeks ago.

So what you say? Well, here's the rub: the hotel is the perfect reflection of all this scent is and is not. The hotel was no old world glamourous grande dame, no Ritz, Place Vendome, no Savoy.

No more was it an overgrown Alice in Wonderland design boutique behemoth. No see through second Empire chairs no fascinating and impractical bathrooms.

No, the hotel was brilliantly designed in the understated manner of the Swiss owners. A Barcelona chair here, walls covered with sleek panels of walnut and beaten brown leather, five light settings for the room at the touch of a button. Wonderfully conceived and very, perhaps all too considered.

And so it is with Poison Hypnotic: the notes are in their places parts learnt, well directed and thoroughly rehearsed. But vanilla, nut, wood, damson, jasmine all come together in a way that could, should be sensuous and dark but end up being, dependable.

This liquor is an exercise in beautifully crafted and sophisticated dependability.

Perfect in a hotel, less than perfect in a perfume.

But though perfection is not achieved - can it be without surprise, excitement, the touch of an artist rather than a craftsman? That is not to say that this isn't a solid piece of work for the scent exudes safety rather than just being safe - a sense of comfort in a world of turmoil, a fine hotel in an unknown city, unseen cashmere socks on a first date.

This safety even extends to a slight antiseptic quality - noticed instantly by a friend - the caraway perhaps? This dentist's mouthwash note is the only welcome sign that this well oiled machine wasn't created by an expert committee after months of deliberation.

Would I wear it? Certainly. Both this and Dior Midnight Poison read as male crossovers. For a business meeting or away in an unfamiliar place, for a walk across town on a busy day when I want to be contained in my own little aura of inaccessibility or at home in those cashmere socks with a difficult book.

I don't mean to sound mean, and I understand one can't have grand opera every day. 

Sophisticated, beautifully put together and dependable - ultimately that adds up to admirable, but impossible to get truly excited about.

What's my Poison? Well in this case certainly no dirty martini, not even a Manhattan and champagne would just be too flash. Let's settle on an excellent buttery white Burgundy.
positive this used to be my signature scent for about 10 years; now I wear it mostly for evenings or night. but it remains for me such a special, unique, sexy fragrance, it's like it reflected my darker side... the witch, the temptress. There's really something bewitching about this fragrance, and I could test the effect, specially on men, it makes them crazy, it's almost toxic, a sex-potion, I still love it very much, even if it's no longer as powerfull &  dense as before reformulation a few years ago, I wish I could find somewhere an old bottle! It was much better, but it's still so particular, mysterious, dark, I know I can't do without it! It's exciting, sensual, dark. probably a love or hate, not for everyone, but definitely for me, I feel it' "me" in this one! 
positive Menardo's genius on fullest display, this is a sex grenade: a modernized and de-sane-itized L'Heure Bleue without any of that one's cumbersome class. A brunette bombshell (or a blonde with dark roots?). It may be widely worn and a designer scent, drowning in the most used note around--vanilla--but damned if this isn't pure magic. The slightest breeze animates Hypnotic Poison as a slinky villainess. Cruella, the Queen of Hearts, The Black Queen from Barbarella ... all the great meanies could wear this, but at once a girl's night out cuteness keeps things barely tamed. ...Ch-ch-ch-Cherry Bomb! Suburban rebellion in torn fishnets, Cherie Currie as chainsaw artist. Hypnotic Poison's overstated naughty-but-nice angle is high camp gold: the point where saccharine almost rots and is sinister and treading the sex/death divide with the tv trope of cyanide poisoning leaving the smell of bitter almonds on the last breath. Commonly sexy but weird in a way that is very Twin Peaks. All of this for the older formula edt. The new lacks some spice and metallic bite and seems censored, but it still bests the rest of the department store pack.

negative Caraway and play-doh heliotrope. I couldn't stand this on my skin. There is a weirdness to this note that isn't appealing at all. There is a fragrance beneath this that speaks of sophistication, though it is drowned out by play-doh, a heliotrope synthesis gone bad I suppose. But really, the formulation itself also comes across with a synthetic glamour and a certain obviousness. 
It might work great on someone in their 20's, as long as that play-doh note doesn't arise. I remember that time in my life - I loved an air of sophistication, without knowing what the hell that was. I wanted something that smelled good to me, and fit in with what my friends wore. It didn't go much beyond that and I wasn't looking for complexity then.
But really, what went wrong with this one on me was that caraway/play-doh note.
negative Woody Oriental

Hypnotic Poison is one of those fragrances that dispense with the top notes and skip right ahead into their main corpus. And what a corpulent body this one is! 

Hypnotic Poison pops out of the bottle as a thick, dark, velvety gourmand with a prominent fuzzy-sweet woody base. Cocoa powder and coconut blend with a buttery vanilla to make a milk chocolate fudge of an accord. If you took A*Men and stripped it of its discordant camphor and patchouli, or pried the licorice out of Lolita Lempicka au Masculin, you’d probably wind up with something very close to Hypnotic Poison. There is a twofold implication to this likeness: first, Hypnotic Poison is very much a unisex perfume, and second, it’s a lot less complex and interesting than its masculine precursors. (One of which, by the way, was composed by the same perfumer.) In fact, without much by way of florals, citrus, fruit, or spice to temper its central gourmand accord, Hypnotic Poison comes across as unrelievedly dense and ponderous. It’s probably good if you like this sort of thing to begin with, but since I don’t I’m not an adequate judge. 

negative A very light watery almond scent - I get none of the other notes. This is one of those so airy non-scents that it adds up to nonsense.

neutral Hypnotic Poison (1998) was almost like an omen with the way it was released 13 years after the original controversial Dior Poison (1985), and sufficiently "cleaned up" the primary accord of the original to be something mass-appealing. Hypnotic Poison isn't the first flanker of the iconic original, as that honor goes to Tendre Poison (1994), but that green-focused variant didn't survive the changing times quite like the first version or this iteration, so a lot of people don't remember it. If the Jean Guichard-penned original seemed way too aggressive and out of place in a late 90's perfume market full of beige masculine freshies and sweet gourmand feminines, this new Annick Menardo-composed creation was just the fix Dior needed to keep relevant, furthered by the fact that the animalics and indolic florals in the recent new pillar Dune (1991) were almost seen like dinosaurs in an emerging synthetic era of perfumery. I'm not particularly a fan of what's going on under the hood of Hypnotic Poison, but I can understand why this equaled, then surpassed the popularity of its namesake pillar. Hypnotic Poison presents itself as a sort of bready gourmand floral with sweet bakery elements on top of a scrubbed and pared-down version of the original Poison's core. 

Hypnotic Poison is nowhere near as complex of a perfume compared to the original, but it neither does it try to be as serious. A smell almost like almond flour opens Hypnotic Poison, joined by caraway and lemon, creating an accord similar to the Dutch sugar cookies we sometimes get around Christmas time. From this very confectionery-like introduction comes sweet jasmine sambac mostly scrubbed of the indole, and a hit of an oakmoss/tonka tandem, giving Hypnotic Poison almost a Fougère-like interpretation of the signature Poison aesthetic, freed from the dark macerated fruit elements. There is something of an inferred cherry accord thanks to the almond, but once the rich base comes into the picture, the fougère comparisons fade while vanilla, white patchouli. musk, amber, and rosewood form an oriental base. Hypnotic Poison stays mostly in its gourmand lane from there on out, with the oriental riff underneath preventing the final skin scent from being too sickeningly sweet but still a bit too warm and wholesome for my comfort. I see why Hypnotic Poison was a breakout hit in the 90's, as it tapped perfectly into that bubbly "valley girl" feigned naivety that was popular at the time, and parodied by films like Clueless. Wear time is all day and although this doesn't have the frighteningly never-ending sillage of "OG" Poison, it can actually get cloying more quickly if you're within its field of effect. 

If you like almond fragrances, sweet creamy gourmands, or anything that is generally pleasant and inviting, Hypnotic Poison is your perfume. Almost at the opposite end of the spectrum from  Poison, this flanker seems to be more of the deceptively disarming type of succubus versus the dark, terrifying-yet-beautiful she-demon that is the original. The person who wears Poison wants you to know they mean business, but someone using Hypnotic Poison would rather sneak up on you after setting you at ease. It's just not a vibe I like because if you had given me a sample of this without showing me the bottle or the name, I'd just assume I was smelling another late 90's or early 2000's gourmand and would just wave it on, but this thing carries the Poison mantle for crying out loud! Still, Hypnotic Poison can obviously go places that regular Poison cannot, like to work or to casual events, but I'd still avoid warmer weather, even more with this one than the first due to the baked cookie opening. Give this a test if the old grande dame that is Poison just comes across as too much to take, although you're not getting a whole lot of what made that scent so unique here, but rather just a slightly-spicy toasted almond gourmand riding on the back of something else's reputation. It's not bad, but once again, I can't really get behind it. Solid neutral. 
neutral A sweet and chewy balsamic version which is still recognisable by the distinctive top note, but here - with the brilliant audacity of the original toned down - Hypnotic becomes less Poison and more of a gourmand 'sent bon.' Some will no doubt think that's a good thing...

***
neutral Almond and deep vanilla.  The reformulation isn't horrible but it lacks the spicy, interesting punch of the original.  Better than most of the candy vanillas on the market today, but not full bottle worthy at full price.

Lasts for hours, but on me, becomes a skin scent in about 45 minutes.
neutral I was excited to try this fragrance in the line of Poisons.  I saw many positive reviews, but for me it was too deep in the almond and woody notes, after wearing it for awhile I really became really annoyed with the smell and scrubbed it off.  I love, love, love, Pure Poison though, which is more floral and tangy with a hint of warmth. 
I can see how others might like the of the warm, almond(ness) of the fragrance, just not my style.  Definitely sample it first, I read it was supposed to have a heavy jasmine fragrance and I love jasmine, however I didn't smell much.
My mom liked the fragrance and my husband thought it was o.k.
neutral Almond and vanillaAlmond is the main top note on my skin, with caraway a nice counterbalance. Jasmine,musk and vanilla are the core of the drydown that gives it a nigh oriental character.  Three hours of longevity.  Not uninteresting and not too heavy or loud.
neutral Try before you buy!After all the talk about Hypnotic Poison, I had to try it. I am not a huge fan of the Poison line - it's not an impressive mix with my chemistry - but I love Orientals, vanillas, and most gourmand scents, so I ordered a sample. It lasted approximately 5 minutes before I couldn't smell it. So disappointing! It is also not "deep" enough to satisfy my taste, although I can see how it would be a popular scent. This would be a safe blind buy for a friend or relative who loves vanilla but already has everything; for the price, they'll appreciate it even if they already have some. Personally I wouldn't spend the money; there are many better perfumes with staying power and sillage (this has none). After 15 minutes, there is nothing left. Glad I didn't buy a whole bottle!Pros: Decent vanilla scentCons: Lasts about 5 minutes, there are better perfumes for less $$"
neutral Julie Andrews	In 1980 I was asked by a colleague not to wear Opium to work. Poison and its flankers were a 'no fly zone' as a result. Recently I asked my gorgeous 30 something hairdresser what her favourite perfume was and she said it was Hypnotic Poison. It features massively in the Basenotes thread that goes something along the lines of 'most complimented fragrance' for women. In my recent travels I have availed myself of HP at every duty free and department store counter that I sashayed up to. I can only salivate as to what the pre-reformulation brew must have smelt like, the existing nectar left me wanting more depth, more punch. It is nice though and would make a lovely gift. Not bottle worthy in my estimation, but I'm an old chypre sister. I would rather wear Lolita Lempicka, another Menardo creation, if I had to choose.Pros: Sweet, inoffensive, girl/boy from next doorCons: No staying power
neutral not absolutely horrid - but smells too much like root beer for my liking
neutral (Golden rim version)
Vanilla strikes immediately. I can't detect any fruitiness or bitter almond, but the caraway note is distinct. HP has an interesting character but it is on the heavy side and on the verge of giving me a headache. I like the warm wood note (apparently sandalwood) at the base, it kind of reminds the smell of a sauna. 
positive My absolute Favorite!!! I'm not sure how or why but when I first spray this wonderful scent on it smells just like root beer and within 5 minutes softens to a sensual, beautiful aroma. I have had more compliments, even from complete strangers, than I can count.
positive I've always been a fan of original Poison, it being my Mum's perfume of choice throughout most of my childhood; So I thought I would try this for myself. It's not nearly as pungent as original poison, and is a lot sweeter. On initial spray I found it was nothing really spectacular, but once it dried a few seconds you could really smell the warm vanilla, musk and light jasmine that seems just enough to be elegant and not gagingly gaudy or sickly sweet. To be honest I really can't stop smelling my wrist after testing this one! It is as the name suggests; hypnotic.
positive I remember testing this and liking it when it was first introduced. I recently tried it again when I was shopping and I decided I had to have a bottle. It's just a wonderful, warm scent without the overbearing sickly-sweetness that most new scents seems to have now. The longevity of this fragrance is AMAZING. In spite of the rumors this has been reformulated & watered-down, I could still smell this on my arm the following day. This scent seems to improve as it wears down on my skin, which I can't say for most fragrances. The fragrance is powerful, though, so you definitely don't want to douse yourself in it and as such it's probably best suited for cooler months of the year. So, this has definitely become one of my new favorite cool-weather scents.
positive Almonds but not too sweet, vanilla icing drydown with spice, a heady, sensuous scent for evenings or winter.  I will definitely buy this again.  But wear sparingly.  This is not a toy. :0)
positive It is similar to Poison, but more sweet than bitter, and much less offensive.

It is a distinct scent.  Though, you should sample this one, before you decide to buy it and before you decide not to buy it.
positive Reading some other reviews I think I've got the notes the wrong way round! The first strong burst was of vanilla, almost like Pink Sugar but a moment later I got the almond. It wasn't a 'bitter almond' like cyanide it was a marzipan almond. I think most scent is based on nostalgia, in this case Grandma's house. After half an hour the woods came in, Grandma's lovely furniture, the carat smell of the drawers, and the spices she kept. At the end of the dry down Hypnotic Poison stayed with me all day, with the notes changing, first the top notes the heart and the dry down in quick succession, then all together like an endless kaleidoscope. I only have the sample bottle and at the moment can't afford a full bottle. However I think Hypnotic Poison is a masterpiece.
positive In a nutshell, it's an exotic spiced almond cookie.  I love this scent and I wear it in small doses because I noticed that spraying too much is overkill.  I also only like to wear this in the evenings. To me, this is a statement fragrance that's pleasantly heavy and sensual.  I think heat and an elegantly sweet dessert laced with fondant.  My husband loves this scent, especially the vanilla base but I don't get as much vanilla as I do almond and caraway.  Even at full dry down, it's still almond.  No complaints tho!
positive   I absolutely adore this fragrance! It doesn't really smell like a perfume to me as much as it just smells like a soothing "spa" aroma. It's definitely a scent that could just as easily have been bottled and sold as an aromatherapy product. I loved it the minute I sprayed it on my arm and I continued to get good feelings from it all day as I shopped at the mall. I find that normally I feel cranky and tired in crowded malls, but the smell of Hypnotic Poison actually seems to calm and soothe me a lot. :D I think it must have been the EDP that I sampled because the longevity (on me) is fantastic and the fragrance didn't fade very fast. I've heard that the longevity on the EDT is not as good, but I forgot to read the bottle before spraying unfortunately so it might have just as easily been the EDT. Some EDTs that other people say don't last on them at all actually last for ages on me, so I'm honestly not too sure which version I'm reviewing lol! 
  Overall, I have to say that Hypnotic Poison is probably my favorite Christian Dior fragrance and I definitely recommend it to everyone!
positive This perfume is intoxicating and mesmerising. I always buy this for my partners! A friend of mine once told me that she was allowed to wear this as a flight attendant for Qantas Airline because it excited too many male passengers! I can smell this from about 25m away in a nightclub full of people. Love it.
positive 
positive They couldnt have picked a better name for this..

So full..addictive..enchanting..just irresistible

Big thumbs up!
positive If you're looking for a fragrance that has a dominant note of vanilla, Hypnotic Poison would be your best choice. The vanilla in this perfume is rich, foody and realistic, just like you've rubbed vanilla essence onto your skin.

I can't help feeling comforted when wearing this scent. When applied lightly, this fragrance is soft and soothing, only drifting up towards your nose to greet you with its scent every now and then.

I don't actually find this fragrance sexy, to me Hypnotic Poison is more romantic, casual almost. Its striking red bottle which suggests that its contents are indeed quite poisonous and hypnotising, doesn't seem to match the scent in my personal opinion. I'd describe Hypnotic Poison as being feminine, warm, friendly and slightly musky rather than outrageously sexy or seductive.

Apart from the obvious vanilla note, there are subtle hints of coconut, spices and almond throughout, which makes Hypnotic Poison more of a gourmand rather than an oriental vanilla.

The lasting power is great, yet I wouldn't have expected anything less from a house like Dior. This perfume is the vanilla fragrance that I've always wanted to find, it's actually the way The Body Shop's Vanilla oil should have smelt. A true vanilla scent of undeniable quality and appeal.


positive Hypnotic Poison is delicious.  Yes, it's totally unisex, and to me it smells like amaretto/cream soda, giving off a "Dr. Pepper" vibe.  This is a good thing, because Dr. Pepper is my favorite soda, and any fragrance that smells like Dr. Pepper is fine by me :)

As sweet as Hypnotic Poison is, I find it totally tolerable and completely pleasant, but it's quite easy to apply too much; even in the EdT form.  So, just go easy on the sprayer.  The combination of soda-like heliotrope and subtle moss is a match made in heaven.  Even if you're not a gourmand fan, you should try this one.  It projects like a beast and lasts all day for me, and I love the bottle too - straight out of a Disney movie.

Highly recommended if you've got a sweet tooth.  Annick Menardo is a genius perfumer.
positive WOW!  Yes, this at first smells exactly like root beer, coca cola and play-do.  But after about 15 minutes, the drydown is delicious!  It lasts all day, too.  My own opinion is that this ends up smelling exactly like "Warm Vanilla Sugar" by Bath and Body Works.  Very sexy, but never in a trashy or pushy way.  LOVE IT!
positive The first of the poisons I tried, and still my favourite. I bought this some years ago when I was still in my "goth" days, but even now, this is my "go-to", signature scent. More suited to winter, though I have worn it in the summer. Not overpowering at all. I feel wrapped up in almonds and vanilla, very warming and VERY synthetic, but in a good way!
positive This is my favorite of all the Poisons, although Pure Poison is a close second. It wears close to my skin and embraces me in warm cherry, vanilla, and almond notes. Definitely one of the most unique scents in my collection, and I agree that it was way ahead of its time. 

It is best in the winter, as others have said, and I can see how some may smell root beer. I actually hate root beer and the smell of it. However, root beer smells synthetic and cheap to me. Hypnotic Poison does not. That's the only way I know to explain it. I love it! :)

Jan
05
2009 

positive i love this perfume its incredibly sexy and delicious one of my favs
positive Ah -- the age old debate regarding gender classification. I can usually tell at first sniff whether a fragrance is going to be too feminine for me to wear. These usually include, twee florals, sweet powdery concoctions or the overblown, tarty ones that usually include incendiary tuberose, i.e Amarige, Poison, etc. I have worn both 'Heliotrope' from Piver and Etro in the past -- I think it's the gourmand aspect of those that I find acceptable. HP is the same as it involves that same almondy vibe  - I am surprised neither heliotrope or mimosa are listed in the notes. I love to wear it and don't feel uncomfortable at all -- I actually think it is more unisex than Midnight Poison. Having said all this, I can't imagine a GIT or Safari wearer donning this to go down the pub. More fool them.
positive Hypnotic Poison is a true Oriental Vanilla.

Soft, delicious and intense vanilla hypnotizing your sense of smell. At the beginning you may feel it a bit chemical, but after while this fragance gives you a warm and lasting scent.

Hypnotic Poison is more soft and tender than the others Poison Fragances.
positive Hypnotic Poison is a very well constructed & balanced perfume. It opens up with a nice bitter almond & vanilla accord which soon gives way to my nose a butter note that comes along & makes this a lil creamy. 

I get a nice sugar cookie scent in the beginning that makes me want to bake! But that butter note just does not go away which is fine by me, because after a hour & a half the vanilla comes along with the woods to create a beautiful cake like substance! 

Towards the end of this frag I get a somewhat disturbing plastic/glue feeling from this but it does not bother me to the point I want to scrub it off. The beginning & the middle are the best parts of HP! It last roughly 8 - 10 hours on me which is great for an EDT! Projection for me is ok, but nevertheless a beautiful addition to the Poison lineup! This can easily be worn by a man as well so if your the curious guy & you have been wanting to test this but have been scared/nervous because of the marketing concept SNAP OUT OF IT!!! Another + in the books for Dior!
positive I LOVE this juice.  From the second it comes giddily swirling out of the bottle i am completely enraptured.Wearing Hypnotic Poison is like being dangled over a huge vat of thick, honey drenched cream.  Just as you're about to be plunged into the screaming richness of it all though, up comes a bitter aspect to pull you back.  The construction is so beautifully balanced, you are constantly held at that point - staring death by sweet creaminess in the face but always just being saved.Exhilirating, narcotic, dangerous, seductive.  Grown up yet incredibly giggly.  Like having a gorgeous stranger come up to you with a glint in their eye that says "Let's be naughty".Then all is rounded off with an extraordinary creamy wood finish that brings you back to earth with sophistication and sensuality.One of the best exercises in dynamic tension I have ever come across.  Hypnotic Poison has led me to fall in love with Annick Menardo.  Anyone whose imagination can produce this beauty is quite a being!
positive Hypnotic Poison is supposed to smell like a plumy, coconut-tinted, vanillic, almond-pasty amber oriental, but the end result is a perfume that smells precisely of root beer. Any perfumer could set out to make a sassafrassy root beer scent: take a cheap vanilla base, sugar it up and create a boozy aldeheydic topnote to simulate carbonation and call it a day – but Dior skipped that and created an unintentionally genius root beer smell that captures the mysterious and nuanced quality of the soda syrup, without all the sugar.  After cruising thought the soda fountain, Hypnotic Poison enters a grand and polished cherry wood library, the smoky almond and soft vanilla humming contentedly in a leather chair.Fabulous.
positive Elegance!! Beautiful, sweet parfum. Absolutely delicious, sexy and sensual! I think my favorite poison. And the elixir bottle is just gorgeous and vintage.
positive Oh, Hypnotic Person, the only female marketed fragrance I wear without being self-conscious. It starts with a stingy blast of almond dipped in vanilla. After 20 minutes, the jasmine starts to kick-in and the magical sweetness starts to appear. It's hard for me to describe it's entire development because no words can give you a feeling of what this can smell like.It is so easy to love and I can't help myself taking a whiff of this while I write this review.
positive One of my favorite perfumes by Annick Menardo. A beautiful alluring, swirling gourmand scent of almond ,anise, vanilla ,woods. It's simply addictive ,unique -especially those top notes. Sweet - some people get strong ' rootbeer' from this fragrance . To me it's a wonderful thick almond vanilla seduction of the senses. Men go crazy for this one. Sexy ! The Elixir is equivalent to extrait and it is even sweeter than the Eau de Toillette. I prefer the EDT which seems to give a clearer sense of the character of this scent. 

negative I had high hopes for this fragrance, but on me it's terrible. Opens with a faint anise-like smell I attribute to allspice and then becomes something weirdly unpleasant...perhaps the allspice with fruit. Whatever it is, it comes off as leather + rubber to my nose and is nauseating. This lasts for quite a while before HP gets to its drydown, which is mostly sweet vanilla with some bitter almond cutting through and a touch of musk/spice from the sandalwood. The drydown is enjoyable, but not enough to offset the nose-wrinkling middle notes. 
negative I don't like hp. I received it as a present and wore it in winter. It doesn't make me feel special or feminine, it doesn't add any charme to me. And this is what I want from a parfume. But hp just gives me headache. I know many friends had the same problem. Another thing that strikes me about hp is that there are a lot of cheap copies of it. It is veeery easy to copy hp, and apart for the longevity these copies are very similar to the original!

negative I have only tried Hypnotic Poison three times, and each time it has given me an instant migraine. On me it turns into a very sickly chocolate ice cream type smell.Needless to say, it's a fragrance I now steer clear of!

neutral Sweeeeeeeeet vanilla pudding, with perhaps a pinch of cinnamon or nutmeg, & a little burnt sugar. This is much too sweet even for me; l prefer Dior Addict for a sweet-spicy kick with a dark side.
neutral I'm not usually a fan of sweet scents but this one was balanced with just the right amount of bitterness, making it not overwhelmingly sticky/nauseating. It is a tasty wintry treat of a scent, at least in the beginning. However, I find this scent to fade in an unpleasant way. Once the bitter almond fades, what is left is an overly sticky, vanilla-y mess.Love the beginning, hate the end. 
positive I can't begin to tell you how much I'm loving this magic elixer. To me, it is just simply DELICIOUS!It is a wonderful gourmand, genderless, a mixture of bitterness and sweetness. Creamy vanilla, with a slight bitterness of the almond, to me like it is like liquid honey. I am finding this one to be very irresistable and ultra sexy. So velvety smooth, like satin sheets...and somehow it just reminds me of summer at a beach, sunshine, tanning lotion, the moving waves of the water, the sand. It just is so very relaxing for me when I wear this - any tension disappears when I apply this perfume.Notes that are most apparent to me are the almond, vanilla, jasmine, coconut, wood notes, and lily-of-the-valley. Sillage is fantastic on me and so is the lasting power. I can detect the fragrance even the next day.Sweet and a little bitter, and yet neither is overpowering - more like a perfect balance to me. I believe it is perfect for any occasion and any age group.VERY sexy, and seductive, confident, classy....one word to describe this one -- BEAUTIFUL
positive Bedtime scent. I only ever wear this at night, so for me it is imprinted with shadows, skin and drowsy sensuality. One of the most luxurious scents ever constructed, awash with cream, vanilla, fruit, powder and a disturbing smudged chocolate/heliotrope quality that sweeps in as the scent melts onto the skin. I often wish i could pour this on to my skin from a great height and just laugh at the spinning, scented drama of it all.  The deep trailing almond sillage is haunting in its complexity. I discovered this damaged beauty one lonely evening kicking around a half-lit French airport, the smell of coffee and stale/sweet pastries in the air. Add a drop of night-time aircraft fuel and the colour of a bruised sky and you have a olfactory spell of considerable power. Annick Menardo is a fickle nose, not everythng she creates works, but when it does it is sensational. Hypnotic Poison, Bulgari Black and Lolita Lempicka are all transgressive stunners for adventurous boys. 
positive I can only wear this in the cool months because like Vibert says, this one comes swinging out of the gate with heavy-handed milky sweet density and doesn't quit for hours.  However, the beauty of this is that it loves to be layered, lending its rich and decadent firepower to other fragrances that open beautifully but fade to nothing or fade to awful.  
positive I cannot begin to explain how much I love this frag.
It is pure deliciousness in a bottle. So sweet and 
sexy it hurts. The perfect frag for a date, or when 
one need some loving from ones hubby ... many
men find the smell of HP irresistible, women too!
Of all the perfumes I have ever owned, this frag is
the one which has gotten me the most compliments.

This is some strong juice, though, so for Gods sake
use it sparely, otherwise you'll suffercate your sur-
roundings, as the sillage is unbelievable.

Gourmand creme de la creme, dosn't get much better
than this ... mums!

If you wanna spent the extra dough, buy the Elixir,
it'll last you longer, as it's an Eau de Parfum Intensé
(it has an added star anise note, though).

Thumbs up..!


positive Fizzy vanilla, bitter almond, a hint of rich dark cocoa... It smells so delicious I feel like drinking this stuff! But HYPNOTIC POISON is far from being overtly gourmand nor strongly feminine (I smell no jasmine); I wouldn't hesitate for a second to recommend it to those who enjoy 'fizzy frags' like Myrrhe Ardente, 1969 Parfums de Revolte or even Escada Magnetism. To them I say forget 'magnetic', go 'hypnotic'. This one plays for keeps. 
positive I only discovered this recently and it is the elixir version that  I am referring to.
Very addictive, heady, gourmand/woodsy scent that suits winter evening time
wear. Almonds and vanilla dominate but not in a cloying way. Excellent sillage and 
lasting power. There is something magical about this beautiful creation.
The perfumer Annick Menardo, who seems to have struck gold with this addition to the Dior Poison stable.
positive Hmmm, I tried it on during the past few days, although I have been avoiding it forever...I was prejudiced I guess and always associated it with something heavy, the kind a more mature lady would wear (btw, I'm 25). But, it was a surprise...a pleasant one. There is something immensely wistful about this fragrance, it's very haunting and has the power to evoke some strong emotions. Upon trying it on, I ended considering it the love child between Dune and Dior Addict: it has the strong, sensuous vanilla from Addict; and the bitter, haunting notes that I find in the drydown of Dune. It wraps around me, not letting me go for hours and hours and it projects absolutely beautifully. Dare I "commit" to a FB? I don't know yet...
positive I'm usually lazy and not the type to often write up long winding reviews with flowery language, but I felt the need to point out that this is an excellent unisex gourmand/oriental, especially in the EDP Intense concentration.Anyways, this pretty much has nothing to do with the original Poison. The regular EDT version of Hypnotic Poison, made by Annick Menardo who also gave us the wonderful and weird Patchouli 24, Bvlgari Black, and Bois d'Armenie, is a velvety bittersweet vanilla-almond oriental with coumarin, heliotrope, and some oakmoss to stop it from falling into the sweet-toothed-girl category. (Don't get me wrong though, HP *IS* very sweet, but it is so in an intelligent way and not teeny-sweet) I found the EDT to fall short and turn quite thin on the dry-down too quickly as well as being quite bland after a while.On the other hand, is the EDP Intense aka Hypnotic Poison Elixir, an EU-exclusive rework done by Francois Demachy.  (Eau Sauvage Fraîcheur Cuir, Dior Homme Cologne, etc) In addition to the extra longevity and sillage along with the original base of HP, there is added notes of salty licorice and star anise. This new element makes the scent more complex, deeper, darker, slightly smokier, and more interesting -- making it formidable competition to heliotrope-heavy niche scents like Cuir Beluga. Overall, compared to the EDT, this is much more satisfying, especially for those of us who are deep into niche territory.
positive Absolutely the best gourmand for a man. Yes, for a man. Bittersweet, enigmatic and sensual. She’ll love you for it. Intelligent application required: 1 to 2 sprays maximum.
positive Sure wish I had tried this one sooner!  Hypnotic Poison is a wonderfully wearable gourmand, with a tantalizing juxtaposition of bitter and sweet.  Although not listed in the note pyramid, there is a heliotrope like effect, maybe from combining the bitter almond top and the vanilla base...at any rate, it is slightly powdery - simultaneously soft & sharp.  Interesting.  It reminds me very much of KenzoAmour - the "inedible vanilla".   At it's heart, the jasmine and moss keep the entire potion from being too sweet.  Worthy of a test run, for sure!
positive 1. YES> I am a man!!!2. YES> I love this scent!!!3. YES> I wear this scent!!!4. NO> I never tell anybody what it is!!!5. Yes> Everybody loves to smell it on me!!!This is my secret hidden treasure....I almost didnt try to pull it off! Thanks from a pep talk from Sir Salty.....I smell amazing!
positive Hypnotic is the only one of the Poisons that I like enough to wear. This is another one of those scents that I overlooked in the past, but finally gave in and gave a chance. Hypnotic Poison is definately a cool or cold weather scent, and I only reserve it for the chilliest weather. The opening right out of the bottle smells a lot like a root beer float - not as pungent as pure sassafrass, but creamy as opposed to sweet. Apparently this is the scent you get when you mix caraway and bitter almond(?) The middle and base notes seem to sort of meld together instead of properly develop, but it's a cozy blend of musky jasmine vanilla and smokey woods, without being too dry.
positive I'm new to this one, I liked it on a friend but she practically marinated in it so was always a little overwhelming. I was also wary as I really did not like the original Poison. I have now bought some and at one squirt shared around my pulse points its beautiful, any more and I think it would be too much on me. None of the notes are individually distinctive on me just a beautifull blend of smells. My problem now is keeping it away from my teenage daughter as she tried it and fell in love! 
positive I'm a little mad now that I've tried Hypnotic Poison.  Mad at the basenotes community, mad at the fragrance world, and even a little mad at Dior.  There is no good reason that I should have had to stumble across this myself, and there is no good reason that this fragrance isn't discussed at all, or even mentioned, when discussing other greats in the 'woody gourmand' genre.  I will seek to correct this in the upcoming weeks whenever possible.  Dior shares some blame in making this gem a Poison flanker instead of having the balls (and budget) to give it a distinct name and bottle - but then again we just know how Dior love to make flankers instead of properly art directing and marketing a new fragrance (Exhibit B: Dior Homme Sport).  Perhaps if people didn't associate Hypnotic Poison with it evil older sister Poison it would be more successful and well known.Anyway, I came across HP when I realized Annick Menardo is the perfumer of many fragrances I really enjoy.  Lolita Lempicka, Body Kouros, Jaipur, Oriental Brulent and even Boss Bottled (the one and only decent Boss fragrance, IMO) are all in the oriental/woody/gourmand style I love so.  Reading the BN reviews I started seeking out an inexpensive bottle and sample, but Dior didn't make it easy as HP isn't in all the malls and it's quite pricey for a designer flanker.HP starts of with a thick almond/honey accord.  The fact that the almond note is bitter keeps it from ever becoming too sweet.  The fragrance meanders with touches of vanilla, amber, woody notes, and florals while all the while retaining the bitter almond accord that acts as the backbone of the fragrance.  As with other Menardo fragrances, HP is never a full gourmand because there's enough going on that has nothing to do with food, but the effect is a fragrance delicious enough to want to spread on ice cream, just like a gourmand.  The base becomes musky as the bitter almond slowly fades out, replaced by a woody/amber.  Not a woody/amber like every crap men's fragrance these days has an Iso E Super woody/amber, but a real wood notes and amber notes base.There are those guys who will insist anything with a gourmand note or that comes in a feminine-marketed bottle cannot be worn by men.  This is an unfortunate viewpoint for these guys because they're really missing out.  HP is a fragrance that would be sexy on a woman but equally unisex and interesting on a guy as well.  I haven't played with it long enough to judge sillage, but longevity is pretty good, about 6-8 hours.High recommendation.
positive I had the chance to try this at the store on a test strip. I was a bit perplexed that it somewhat smelled like a sunny day at the beach to me. Suntan lotion,sweat,hot dry air and all I could think of was BEACH. Then...the very next day I went back to the same store and put it on my skin...OOOO AHHH Vanilla! Bam! what a beautiful scent. It was insanely yummy. Lasting power is great also but I can say this is one you'll have to be careful with as to not overdo it. I think a little goes a long way. My 11yo is asking me to buy it for HER!  lolI would recommend this as a FB purchase.
positive I bought this as soon as it came out after smelling on a scent strip.  Absolutely irresistable.  Lo and behold, my body chemistry dealt it a smart judo chop turning it into something no one would want to wear and sent it packing.  I continued to pick up the bottle and sniff it because it is so heart breakingly lovely, alluring and sexy.  Eureka, I now spritz a little on the light bulb in my bedroom which treats it far more kindly than my body does.  Not that I'm recommending it as a room spray, it deserves too much respect for that, but at least I still get to enjoy it occasionally.  If you can wear it, I'm jealous.  Very sexy.
positive My two faves-- Hypnotic Poison and Lolita Lempicka original-- smell like nothing else out there.  I wore this briefly in my early 20s and have come back to it almost 10 years later.  It adds je ne sais quoi to my work wardrobe as well as jeans.  Comfortingly sexy, warm, distinctive.  Definitely a cool weather scent.  A spray on each wrist lasts a good 8 hours-- lucky me!  
positive I love this fragrance, it lasts ages on me and is so so yummy!!I only gave it 4 stars though because some people don't like it and it's not very friendly to others
positive This is my all time favorite perfume; it's simply great, I liked it from the very first moment I smelled it [this doesn't happen too often] and in my opinion the best from all the 'Poison' collection. It's unique, sexy, oriental...it has everything it needs in order to satisfy a woman's tastes, and not only. And, another important aspect, I don't really have a problem with its longevity, it lasts pretty much on my skin, even though some of my friends complain that it fades away fast. Anyway, all in all, I love it, I'd clearly recommend it.
positive I should begin by saying that about a year ago, I could NOT stand this scent!  But, I had only sniffed the spray nozzle and spritzed a piece of paper from the mall. No, no, no, no, no. That is not the way to smell this fragrance. Just recently, I felt like trying this out on my skin because of all the rave reviews and also smelling it on a friend.  That compelled me to give it a whirl again, but this time I tried it on my skin. I misted my wrist from a good distance, and immediately it smelled beautiful, very alluring scent! Yup, it was the Hypnotic Poison that I had just sprayed. Wow, who knew? I let it sit for about 10 minutes, and sniffed my wrist. One words: HEAVEN. This is one captivating scent! It is a vanilla scent, but not your typical sugary sweet vanilla scent. It's not foody at all. Very mellow and deep. I think the bitter almond note tames the sweetness of the vanilla. If you spray too much, you might get a root beer and playdough scent from it, but if you mist it, and then wait, it should begin to work very well. It's a bit pricey though. The 1.7 oz retails at $56 and the 3.4 oz is I believe about $78. It comes in an interesting red, apple shaped bottle with a black, rounded top. You can't really see how much fragrance you have left, so that's a slight downfall. Although I like heavy glass perfume bottles, this bottle truly suits the scent it holds. Lasting power is AMAZING. This will last you all day and then some. I would go very, very, easy on the sprays. Too much will certainly ruin this fragrance and make you and others sick to their stomachs. 
positive This is by far my number 1 fragrance for women. It's vanillic sweet, soften with a touch of almond and jasmine. The almond  and moss scent appear to be a bit leathery, taming the wild sweetness of vanilla and jasmine accord. Well blend and longevity is superb!
positive As a man I don't like women fragrances (maybe it's supposed we like them when women wear it which is still not the case...) however so far there is only one fragrance which can instantly turn me on and make me want jumping on the woman wearing this and that's Hypnotic Poison. Respect to this scent!
positive I got a decant of this last year and didn't much care for it.  I don't know what happened, but I sprayed some on my wrist tonight and WOW.  Maybe my body chemistry changed, but this is just lovely.  It's definitely a fall/winter scent full of spice.  The vanilla isn't overwhelming (I'm not much of a vanilla fan--its always smells on the cheap side to me) and is pleasantly offset by the woody notes.  I'm buying a bottle this week.
positive Sprayed Dior's Hypnotic Poison from a sample.  Can I break out of analysis mode and just say, "mmmmmmmm"?Yummy almonds, vanilla, cherry, caramel, burnt sugar, cotton candy, salt, soft wood, and maybe some patchouli...so far. I get a little bit of a sweet latex rubber note (or play doh, depending how you perceive it) similar to what I have smelled in Burberry Brit and Gaultier2, but not as strong here. This is a far cry from Midnight Poison (which I sprayed and almost immediately scrubbed a couple weeks ago).I am getting some floral notes now--not sure what, but white floral, it seems. If it is jasmine, it is a very clean version. It could also be ylang ylang, and possibly a touch of rose since it seems to be a little bit spicy. What a pretty gourmand this is! Rich but not overpowering, feminine and well balanced.And it just hit me that it reminds me a little bit of Chanel Coco, but mostly from what it evokes for me when I smell it rather than any similarity in composition. I think it might be the almonds--the note is penetrating and astringent, bitter and sweet. This same "bite" is in Coco, and I love it.  In the late drydown, it is reminiscent of Kenzo Amour.

negative Let the hypnosis to the wizards, please. This woody-oriental, bitter-sweet blend of almond and coconut, very addictive for many young women all over the world, reminds me a bit Heliothope Etro (far, far better appointed and with a right level of sweetness) resulting nevertheless to my profane nose too much sweetly flavoured by vanilla, too much pretentiously glamour, too cloying, too exaggeratedly gourmand, be lacking that ethereal and mysterious delicacy towards which this kind of fragrances would have to aim in order to be valued appreciable. The caraway provides projection, a bit of dissonance, and dustiness. Being lacking boldness and naughtiness, not proper to gourmand fragrances in my opinion, being lacking of evocative power and failing, despite the jasmine sambac, the attempt to catch the train of glamour and chic, what is left for us is a bowl of coconutty sugar, a vanilla pudding or a stand of sweets standing in a popular religious mediterranean feast. To be worn sparingly because of its atomic projection. Not for my taste.
negative I love the idea of this scent, a dry and spicy top with heated woods and sweet spices hitting immediately, warming a feminine jasmine and oakmoss heart.First whiff from the bottle I thought "Wow", but had not finished that word in my mind when I realized I did not want this on me. But finally I gave it a chance on the skin.It fails completely and utterly. The synthetic and harsh woods collide with an overwhelmingly sickly sweetness and the result is offensive, flat and uninteresting. Hypnotic Poison is like a cheap copy of a perfume I would very much like to try. Since then I've smelled it on hoards of women and sadly the impression is always the same, it doesn't seem to adapt any wearer. 

neutral Almond cookies frosted with coconut-scented sunscreen. Not horrible, but a bland, linear, and very banal gourmand riding on a vanillic tide.What does this have to do with the original Poison!? That's only thing mysterious about this fragrance
neutral Spiced almond woods. Interestingly gourmand but really not that special to me. Slightly resinous and has the same wet textures as foudn in the other perfumes Annick Menardo has done namely Lolita Lempicka and Body Kouros. Just a tad too nutty to really like a lot but would be great for a lady that like the warm scents for the cool wheater days.
neutral I'm really not sure about this.  My first thought was that I have dryer sheets that smell very similar, although not as strong.  My second thought was that it was stomach turningly sweet.  I am sitting here a little sick while it swirls around me in such a cloying way.  That was two little squirts from a sample vial!  I know so many people love this and I think I could see this working well for some one else.  I can see how it could be viewed as yummy-it is very gourmand with the powdery almonds, vanilla and all.  I'm sure after it drys down a little bit I will enjoy it more.  But right now I am fighting the urge to go jump in the shower.      
neutral This was my first fragrance that I purchased mainly because I fell in love with the bottle and thought that I fell in love with the fragrance. Alas, I wore this for a week and then was forbidden to wear it again by friends and family.  It was just too synthetic and overpowering even with one spray.  It makes me think of the witch from Snow White.  She would wear something like this. Something rich, enchanting and evil.
positive I know I've tried this before.  Probably during a sniffing excursion with my mother at Macy's long ago, I tried and liked.  It was before I became "serious" about perfumes.  I am reminded of a sweet, candied accord, well-blended, where notes are difficult to discern.  Sweet, yet floral.  Medicinal in a holistic-formula way.  An odd mix, but delightful.

The top notes blur.  Pretty.  Notes here, I find are difficult to identify individually. Well-blended is good.  Makes me believe I am smelling something special, well thought out.  Bafflement, as I call it secretly, is what I crave.

It smells almost like the taste, of candy cigarettes or those candy necklaces we would buy as a child, in the late 60's / early 70's.  Still, the slightest hints of herbs, dried herbs of some sort, in the background.  And then, a cloud of oriental-style notes, move in.  Sugary still, but with more woodiness and amber, later on.  An almost caramel feel as well...  Creamy, milky magnificently feminine even later...
positive There is really nothing I can say that hasn't been said already. I agree with other reviewers who have called this particular Burberry offering pleasant, comforting, warm, boring, and entirely forgettable. It's been a few years since I've worn this, and I'd like to give it another try. I'm not above boring.

EDIT: After a few weeks on this site, I realize that I've been a Michael Almairec fan for years and didn't even know it. I'll definitely give this another go.
positive I miss this scent.  When I get a chance I'm going to pick it up again.  This one is classy and lingering.  It is a good blend for a non-floral day.
positive I'm male. My wife has this bottle and I've worn the juice several times. It's almost too much at the top, but the dry down is wonderful and addictive. I consider it unisex, but I like to wear some other feminine fragrances as well so it could just be me. She also has the flanker Brit Sheer which I'd like to swap for something else. (Her third bottle right now is Chanel No. 5 Eau de Parfum which works nicely on my skin - I love that stuff). 

On my wife, the Burberry projection and sillage is just ok. I think she's light on the sprays.

I think this is a good fragrance for staying with its wearer during the day (it doesn't fade too quickly or give me olfactory fatigue).
positive I love when something surprises me and makes me question what I think I know about myself.

On paper, I would have never given this scent a chance. Until I smelled Burberry Classic, my favorite perfume was Prada Prada. I thought I only liked resinous, powdery, earthy scents. I was positive that I hated gourmand or fruity perfumes. 

But on a whim, one day I sprayed Burberry Classic on me while shopping in a department store. 30 minutes later, I was retracing my steps to the fragrance counter to purchase what was the most delicious thing I'd ever smelled. I wanted to eat my own arm. This perfume and my body chemistry are like totally LYLAS BFFs. 

Just a few months later, and I'm already on my second bottle. I REGRET NOTHING! Honestly, I've never craved a scent as much as I do this. I feel sort of sad on the days I choose another scent from my wardrobe. I'm always eager to come home, shower, and put my Burberry back on. Burberry Women is just comfortable. It's comforting. It's home.
positive      To me and my untrained nose, this has a light rosy scent to me.  I guess that is the geranium that my nose is picking up from it.  I like it very much as it is not harsh or screechy.  I like the way it makes me feel when i wear it; calm and serene.  
     I am new to describing notes or accords of fragrances, but they seem to put you into a sort of a halo of scent for lack of a better way to describe it.  Some halos seem to imprison you in them making you want to escape from it, others make you feel comfortable and serene inside it.   This fragrance does the later for me.
positive This smells so gorgeous on my skin, it's absolute heaven in a bottle. It's a great scent for any occasion, it's comforting and feminine.

positive A new favorite, I'll keep buying this one. Love the warm, cosy way I feel wearing it. I am going to try the other Burberry scents as well.
positive very ellegant perfume, for evening wear.However it has a "cleaness" in it that allows you to use it in daytime too without being heavy and annoying for others. I cannot descibe how it smells like and which the main ingredients are-a fact that surprises me-
i get something like woods, amber and flowers from it. definately will buy it again and i advise everyone to try it.
positive On e of my favourites, since first getting a bottle around 4 years ago it is one of the only ones that I always replace... it's an essential now.

Warm, creamy, soft, intimate, peachy, and individual... it's also quite classy and yet sweet and endearing.  I get a lot of compliments when I wear it and people always want to know what it is.  I've also had a hard time finding it as it's been invariably listed or advertised as different names, subsequently I purchased a bottle of Burberry London, thinking that's what it was only to be disappointed as I don't really like London much...
positive Interesting — obviously a fragrance that performs differently on different skins.  I think it is a shape shifter because I get somewhat different reactions every time I test it.  It begins with an accord that I have difficulty categorizing.  I get a soft creamy lavender / bergamot accord and definitely some mint, but I don’t get an herbal effect from the mint or the thyme.  At first I didn’t smell any fruit in the mix, but each time I tested it, the fruit note became more apparent.  But even after several testings, the opening accord has not become excessively sweet. It’s an excellent opening that I’ve come to appreciate.  It gives a neutral warm feeling without emphasizing any particular note.  I find it abstract, quite modern, and casual.  The heart of the fragrance IS identifiable — it is woody and creamy.  To my nose, the cedar and sandalwood stand out with the strong assistance of the geranium and the jasmine.  I love this middle accord — the cedar is beautifully presented because it is used with such discretion.  It has a warmth to it that I usually don’t get from cedar, and the middle accords are long lasting and entirely sniffable.  The drydown turns somewhat recessive, though.  The amber simply doesn’t come through for me, although the sweetness of the tonka and some vanilla does.  Without the amber, the drydown strikes me as rather thin.  In spite of the drydown, this is a good fragrance:  It’s never going to be a classic, but it’s a pretty fragrance that will hold its own as a trustworthy casual.  The top levels are enjoyable and competently done.  The drydown could and should be fuller and broader, but all things considered, it’s a thumbs’ up.  


positive Burberry Women is a clean, yet warm, musky fragrance that is subtle as an everyday perfume. BW is the girl next door, she was taught to be polite and sophisticated, yet down to earth and always approachable. I love that this perfume is not a floral, yet so feminine. It has an ambery, woodsy, vanillic base, with a hint of spice. Its sweet, but not too sweet. I love the musk  and apple notes I smell in this. The apple makes this scent a real snuggler. It brings to mind moods of staying in, with a loved one, watching a movie, fire place roaring, and red wine on hand. This is a perfume that may always be in my wardrobe because its such a no brainer scent.  Its one of my go to perfumes for good reason. Its last forever on me and lies close to my skin. Those who are lucky enough to get close enough to catch a whiff, will no doubt be charmed.  This fragrance is the ultimate Burberry.  The best of all the others.
positive This sure is nice when the temperature is below 10 F.  It makes you feel warm and cozy.  I do pick perfumes sometimes based on how they make me feel and this one is warmth to me.  I'm a big fan of vanilla and amber so that may also have something to do with why the more I wear this the more I like it.  I bought it for the first time years ago when it was Burberry London.

Was in the Burberry store today and was told that Burberry London is being discontinued.  Because at one point this was known as Burberry, then Burberry London, and then back to Burberry I went into a panic.  They didn't have any of the plain Burberry.  Went to Sephora this afternoon and bought a bottle of Burberry just on case they decide to discontinue.  Also bought some Burberry The Beat while at the Burberry store.

I'm so tired of the perfume companies reformulating and discontinuing.  When I was in Sephora I tried a couple of scents.  All the new perfumes smell alike to me.   Artificial vanilla, overly floral, or overly citrus are predominant.  They all have a chemical smell and hurt my nose.  That's why I'm buying extra of the ones I like.
positive Does anyone else get...MOLASSES?? And I mean that in a very, very good way, lie the really dark, strong stuff that sits way back in the pantry, just waiting to be added to some luxurious, yet simple, treat. Maybe this is what another reviewer called "carmel apple." Yeah. I get that. Yummy. Just add black current and spice and you've got me hooked. Very original. Syrupy but somehow not in a bad way, probably due to the cedar in the base. Ok I'm getting molasses again.
positive Oh how I adore this scent. It was my signature for YEARS and now I'm trying to find something new and break my habit. *sigh*No sillage??? are you kidding? this fragrance wafts in the air for me- albeit shortly compared to some other scents I own (Bulgari; Bright Crystal).I always get compliments on how I smell when wearing this- it is so inviting. Men adore it and I agree that it is very much unisex in smell. I love the apple and warm amber smell. It reminds me of a caramel apple- and who doesn't like those?To me, it is along the lines of Versace Signature pour femme. It is unassuming yet daring. I love it!
positive I would like to echo the business perfection of this.  Burberry classic is a beautiful mix that is feminine enough to embrace, but masculine enough to make this perfect for wearing perfume that doesn't scream for male attention.  Our first impression on first sniff was... British.  
positive Usually, I prefer some *sillage*. But this skin scent is so elegant and simple, it is impossible not to respect. It's a perfect balance of elements (i.e., fruit, musk, leather), which create something feminine yet staid. It has a very identifiable character and "personality", which I consider a hallmark of a great perfume.This is my scent for when I need to be "pulled-together" and business-like. And yet it isn't at all unsexy.Don't let the fruity designation or the top notes put you off: this is no teenage sweetie-pie. 
positive This is a wonderful scent, and quite unisex, IMO. The opening is an interesting blend of fruits (peach and apple are both identifiable) and harder to define spice notes. This opening is a little bit loud, but relatively unique, and quite pleasing.I have no idea where the topnotes in the pyramid above came from; they doesn't reflect the opening at all.As the scent evolves, it gradually dries into a very dry, dusty, almost resinous amber and mossy sandalwood accord, which maintains softening sweet element. I could swear that there's good helping of oakmoss in there, but I could be wrong. This compelling and versatile drydown is why I don't hesitate to wear this scent myself. My girlfriend likes it (finally, she likes something other than a vanilla-beast oriental!!), but I steal it occasionally. Big thumbs up. 
positive a perfume with a happy tone...
positive Though not my personal favorite, it seems that guys seem to really like this scent.  Doesn't seem very feminine to me.

negative Burberry for Women is a warm, slightly sweet fragrance. It seems to meld luxuriously with your skin and I can understand why some people describe this as a classy, sexy fragrance or sprinkle the word 'cashmere' around as a reference - but I just don't like it. There is a men's Lynx (Axe in the US) deodorant that smells exactly like this - I think it's the Africa one, but I'm not exactly sure. I've always hated it - a sourness over sugar discord. Admittedly, Burberry for Women is a nicer, smoother, more luxurious version of it, but when you smell like cheap male deodorant, you smell like cheap male deodorant.
negative I made a blind buy of a bottle called Burberry London--from before it was re-named just "Burberry." Feels like I'm wearing a completely different scent from the notes described above. I don't get lavender, bergamot, or mint, as listed in the notes. I get something creamy, sort of fruity (peach?) that has a sweet almost root beer or cotton candy tinge to it. And a very faint edge of something weird--if I were more knowledgeable about perfume, perhaps I could name it. It's like an almost fleshy scent, like the inside of your nose. Like fresh meat inside plastic. Is that strange? I want to say I like this perfume, but I can't, because of this strange thing I detect.  I'll try it again, and see if it grows on me. 
negative Another headache inducing fragrance for me. It seem to be a popular choice around here in Asia, so I give it a try. Bad pick for a Sunday night testing as I gotta work tomorrow and right now I feel so dizzy. The opening of heady, sickly sweet notes hit me like a ton of bricks. Then comes something green and bitter, so bitter I still can feel it in my mouth. I don't recall if I have smelled this on a person. It's just not for me. 
negative Thi perfume seems to be invisible on me.  I am now using it to spray in the bedroom.  It doesn't last very long at all.  I have taken to Lolita Lempicka instead--a scent you can actually smell.
negative I bought this early on in my addiction, and really wanted to love it.  Sadly, there is a lingering smell of soap in it to me.  If you remember the way that bubble-blowing liquid soap solutions smells, that is what I'm talking about.  The other notes smell nice, and it seems to be well made.
negative The musk in this perfume is so disgusting and its so powerful I can't even take it off even after showering myself. 

neutral The note pyramid doesn't hit the target for me, except maybe for tonka and an amber that is decidedly vanilla.  This perfume smells gourmand to me, like a creamy, vanilla, coconut, praline pudding underneath some tart top notes that were ambiguoulsy citrus--even though only bergamot is listed--along with lavender and mint, which are rather incongruous with vanilla.  I  can't say that I like it much.  I do like the flanker, Burberry Brit.  That one greatly pleases me for no easily explainable reason.  
neutral This is a rather hard to find fragrance due to it being listed under so many different names eg. Burberry for Women, Burberry Classic, Burberry London etc. When I eventually found it I had my fingers crossed that I hadn't been searching for something that was going to be a disappointment.

Disappointed, I was not. Crazy about the scent? No, not really.

This fragrance is light, creamy and warm. Unlike other Burberry scents, I felt that this fragrance stayed very close to the skin, making it an intimate perfume. When I smell Burberry Woman I immediately think of a hot sunny day, so I'd most likely wear this during the warmer seasons.

The peach, apricot, pear and black currant add a fruity freshness to this scent without making it too sour or overpowering. This is actually a fruity opening that I rather enjoyed.

I don't get a lot of jasmine in this fragrance, however the musk is fairly strong. Overall the scent is comforting and suitable for any age group, but with that being said this fragrance didn't grow on me because I found it rather linear and common.

It's not the best perfume choice if you're looking to stand out from the crowd. Burberry Woman is friendly and casual, not sexy, romantic or outstanding.


neutral I wish I still liked this perfume. I used to wear it to the office every day, but I now find it too cloying. Maybe having a couple of kids has changed my sense of smell. 
neutral I actually liked how this smelled when I purchased it at the Duty-Free in the airport over Christmastime.  But, after attempting to wear it regularly, I found it much too sweet and too boring, especially for the price tag.  On my skin it smelled like little more that a very sweet sandalwood and amber and pretty much stayed that way for a long time.  It definitely has great longevity.  However, I like the scent when it is not used on me.  I spray it in the bathroom and on my sheets sometimes and it smells very good for both those purposes.
positive Not overly fruity.  Lively pink pepper, floral-like smell.  A wintry vibe.  A pretty, gentle layer of patchouli and frankincense.  A touch of foody spice.  Light wood.  Overall this would make a great holiday, candle scent.  No one note really shines, for me.  Smells rather "mainstream" but I enjoy it for some reason.  Not extraordinary enough to warrant such a high price.
positive Excellent uniting of a myriad of thoughtfully selected fragrance notes! 

Jo Malone's Pomegranate Noir includes:
Top = raspberry, pomegranate, plum, rhuburb, watermelon;  
Heart = lily-of-the-valley, jasmine, rose, pink pepper, clove, olibanum resin (frankincense), opoponax resin (sweet brown myrrh), guaiac wood;
Base = virginia cedar, patchouli, musk, amber.

The meshing of exotic edible and non-edible fragrant notes  yield a scent full of woody, fruity, resinous and spicy accords. It's rich, pungent, powdery, dark, and has a "mature" quality to it which younger wearers may not connect easily with.

Both men and women can enjoy this deep fragrance especially during cooler weather and for informal occasions. Longevity is great, and sillage is nice!

Enthusiastic thumbs up for this masterpiece! 
positive CdG Fructose
Tom Ford Black Pepper Berry
Terre d'Her Fruitchouli
positive Best Perfume Ever. Period. Usually don't care for woodsy notes and especially mixed with fruit but this one is great and lasts for several hours. Wear it almost every day.
positive My introduction to Pomegranate Noir came through a charming man arriving for a pre-theatre get together wearing it and within minutes being surrounded by the assembled company telling him how nice he smelled. The charming man, being a charming man, was somewhat embarrassed by this reaction and got all self-conscious. 
So, compliment hunters, this may be one to try – it projects well and has an oozy, spicy-woody warmth with plenty of the sweets.
Wearing it myself, I find myself transported back to that evening, but that is of no help to you dear reader. So let’s describe a little of what happens when you depress that sprayer. A quick burst of juicy fruity notes – sour-sweet pomegranate and luscious perfumery plums – marks the top, perhaps enough to justify the name, but they recede to the fringes in no time to make way for the deep accord that is the main event. Whatever combination of woody aromachemicals were used in this one, they sure got it right – that woody base is sweet but chewy, with gourmand enticements to tempt you into biting the wearer. Spices like clove and cinnamon (initially heavy but then settling in the mix), hints of smoky incense and dark patchouli round things out. It smells instantly familiar but you will be hard pressed to find another perfume resembling it. Has a delicious mouldiness lurking in the depths which flatters that woody base no end. Sensual without coming across all glandular. 
There’s an instant gratification aspect to Pomegranate Noir that can cross the line into the unsubtle – and it can tire over the long run. But wear it with discretion and walk on that heavenly perfumed cloud.     


positive Complex, sweet, addictive...

This is such a deep and complex one. It's polarising too, as not everyone will like this I think. I personally received a bad compliment from it, but I don't really care, I like it too much!

The overwhelming notes here are cloves and fruits, mainly plum and pomegranate. I would describe this as a "dry" fragrance. It's not juicy fruit you are dealing with but dried berries. Like the smell of goji berries, if you have ever tried them. The smell reminds me of that.

So I get berries and dark fruits, mixed with incense and clove smoke. Like the smell of menthol or clove cigarettes actually. It is very mysterious. I like it.

I wouldn't recommend wearing it in any high heat, as it's very medicinal in some aspects and can come across as a little harsh and/or "weird". But again, I believe that every fragrance has a time and a place so... I will continue to wear it.

To me this is a love or hate. I love it, but try before you buy. This has a very "unique" smell so if you are looking for a smell which no one else will have, go for this. I would also say that pomegranate is a note I rarely see used in perfumery, and for <i>Jo Malone</i> to pair it up with cloves and incense offers a delicious, interesting twist on it all. I really like it, and the longevity is so good, at least six or seven hours. For an eau de cologne concentration (supposedly) this is quite a feat. Try it if you are looking for something different.

positive Talk about SMOKEY, SEDUCTIVE, AND EASILY WORN. (THE BATH OIL... WOW!)

No need for resin, or tobacco to spice up your fall fragrances. Pomegranate Noir won it over for me once I tried it on my skin accompanied with that fantastic body cream. The spice really tapers around the fruity accents, but really rolls off woody once the bass notes are around to rock it out for the rest of the trip.

The Pomegranate Noir Chronicle Set (Get it, it's wonderful!) includes 3 outside fragrances that are within the Pom. Noir fragrance itself. Such as, Raspberry (very light and tart) the Casablanca Lilly (classy, with a kick of a seasoned floral) and finally the Guacaia Wood (as if you've plucked a strip of the bark off... ah!) The set allows you to accent the Pom. Noir in many ways, and I have so much fun even using them in my other fragrances.

Unisex is the way to go, after all.. a smell is a smell, and it's best to be told "You smell great! ..what is that?" rather than.. "That Angel smells divine on you." -for all those gourmand lovers.


positive Pomegranate starts of, with patchouli added after a few moments.  Later a spicy and light peppery component is added, which after about half an hour becomes prominent without ever losing a touch of freshness in the drydown. The change from the top note to the darker tone is accompanied by occasional green elements.  This is an interesting fragrance, with decent silage and projection and a good longevity of four hours on me. One of the more remarkable Jo Malone creations. 
positive Pomegranate and a zing of pepper — not too sweet.

Since I'm not a fan of fruits, I layer this with the sweet, powdery, light spice of JM Ginger and Nutmeg. It makes for a gorgeous mix, more complex, less gourmand and spice than incense.
positive I get a bit of fruit for about 30 seconds, and then (strangely, as it's not listed in the fragrance profile) tons and tons of cloves. About 10-15 minutes later, I get a strong cedar/fir scent underlying the cloves. Eventually, the dry-down becomes a mix of cedar and nutmeg (some of my favorite parts of a typical men's cypher) that keeps me sniffing at my wrist for more. The scent really changes drastically over the time that you wear, and lasts 10-12 hours, although is nearly unrecognizable from when you first put it on. Still, I like it. 
positive I recently tried a sample of this scent and really like it.  
On me it smells warm, deep, exotic and yet powdery.  The scent lasts a long time.  

Planning to get some to alternate with Fig for winter months. 
My favorite is still Orange Blossom layered with Red Roses.  
positive As my introduction to Jo Malone, I received this as a gift from a relative of mine, after finding the fragrance completely bewitching on her.  This is a very elegant, beautifully crafted scent that smells as expensive as the price tag indicates.  It is definitely fruity, but not a fresh, crisp fruity - more like a carefully aged pomegranate liqueur.  The warm, spicy notes of pink pepper, patchouli, frankincense, and woods do remind me of potpourri, but not in a bad way.  Even with all of these earthier notes, the fragrance still smells clean somehow, and not too heavy or sickening, as one might expect.  Although this is designed to be combined with other Jo Malone scents, it's still a beautiful, sultry, and complex fragrance on it's own, and I have yet to smell anything like it.  The staying power is also outstanding - better than any perfume I have ever tried, high-end or low-end.  I have sprayed just a little bit of this on my neck and have still been able to smell it several days later without having to reapply.  

That being said, I can understand why many people would not care for this fragrance.  I am more partial to the fresher scents myself for everyday wear, but the occasional spritz of this (a little goes a long way) is still an intriguing and sexy delight.   
positive Good evening scent. Can be very over powering if over done but if delicately done it lasts well and smells great.
positive   Wow! just wow! I'm speachless.. I'm smitten! My review could actually end right here... well ok let me explain a little more why am I so thrilled. Pomegranate Noir is the same kind of a case as Black Vetyver Cafe. For a long time I was rather not getting myself into trying more of the Jo Malones, and that's because of my horrible experience with Lime Basis & Mandarin which was a total scrubber, a horrible harsh bunch of herbs with an absolute zeroof the promised juicy mandarin... ok but it's not about the Lime Basil & Mandarin right now, it's about Pomegranate Noir. I thought all "colognes" were suppost to be Demeter-like-type. Too linear, with not enough "ooomph" and just bland. God, Pomegranate Noir is everything but bland and linear. When I first spirtzed it on my skin, my senses were awakaned. I love, LOVE, LOOOVE incense/frankincense. Pomegranate Noir has a HUGE kick of frankincense. If you are not an incense type of a person - STAY FAR, FAR AWAY. It is more incensy and rich than my beloved CdG incense series! Is that even possible? Well, yeah! Now I know it is. The incense rather dry and very potpourri-like. The pomegranate note is just the biggest mystery for me here. It adds just a touch of ripe fruitiness to the whole composition. 

  I asked my boyfriend to smell my wrist. Now he loves the more feminine & romantic kind of perfumes on me. His opiniom? "Ummm.... ummm!!" I was like: "Sooooo...?" His reply: "if you smell like this... there is only one place I wanna take you to, actually we are actually already here... our bedroom...". After an exciting hour of love-making he told me this smells like pure, raw, primitive sex to him! He told me it's the most sexual fragrance one could ever pull off. Red silk dress? Yes, but ript off of the skin in a very primitive act. Believe me I've tried many incense fragrances... none of them have that much "oooomph". Pomegranate Noir isn't softened by anything. It's so dry, raw that not anyone will be able to pull that one off. Even the slight pomegranate note seems to enhance it's rawness and adds a "kinky" touch to it, rather than softens it. It's the hardcore perfumery exposed in it's more exciting state.
positive I'm on my second bottle of this. My favourite Jo Malone perfume and my second favourite perfume altogether. It's a floral but a dark one and I mean that in the best way possible. Those type of perfumes tend to be what I love in a scent so this is why it suits me wonderfully. Masculine and feminine notes working in harmony which is why this one makes it hard to explain ; the notes all balance each other out so it's hard to pinpoint the prominent feature. All I know is that I love it and I have no doubt I'll be buying it again.
positive Almost hypnotic and almost cloying, almost overwhelming and almost too sweet, this fragrance is sudden and wanton and reminiscent of smelling something in flower - something breath-taking and beautiful one hot, summer's night.  And whilst it's almost too matter-of-fact in its linearity, the shades and tones that rise and fall as it fades are quite lovely - spice and wood and that almost pungently sweet raspberry cordial.  I think it best worn on one's stomach to allow its presence to inveigle itself as a kind of miasma wafting about one.  This fragrance is best applied very, very frugally.  It is one of those that people will crane forward to enjoy but, recoil from with equal vigour when over used.

negative This starts off with a whiff of watery fruit - not sweet I might add, but a rich and slightly sour pomegranate/plum with a somewhat medicinal spice hovering in the background. Within 15 minutes the fruit dissipated and the spice made a huge and melodramatic entrance. That makes it sound very exciting, doesn't it? Well unfortunately the warm medicinal spice smells like embrocation on me - a smell I do actually enjoy, but I would never consider wearing it deliberately. Too many associations with sprained ankles, sore backs and other injuries. It does have quite a kick - this is not a skin scent and despite giving my wrist a good hard scrub it remained firmly in place several hours later when the ghost of that fruity opening reappeared, this time in rather sickly fashion. The extreme drydown is mentholated patchouli. I don't know if my skin ruined this fragrance or if I just don't like it, so I'll give it a neutral to be diplomatic. *Edit* One night, two showers and several fits of frantic scrubbing and I still smell quite strongly of embrocation. Just when I think it's worn off, I suddenly become redolent of eau de sports-injury all over again. I could get a similar effect by smearing myself in Tiger Balm, plus Tiger Balm is considerably cheaper and genuinely medicinal. To hell with diplomacy, this one's a scrubber.
negative When I first put this on, I could distinctly smell the pomegranate, and a woody note. It was okay, but very weak, and then it was gone. Many scents don't last long on me, but this one disappears almost immediately.
negative I sprayed while getting dressed this morning, and at first picked out some fruit and a very soft patchouli. I thought to myself, this one might be a Jo Malone that I actually like. 

Then about 10 min in it started to change. I got a distint impression of Noxema from the 70's. Is that menthol? Camphor? Eucalyptas? Regardless, I took my son to kindergarten today feeling like those around me thought I may have some skin condition I was medicating. 

So now I am about an hour and a half in, and though that medicated smell is still half present, the fruit is kind of starting to peek through. All in all it's not an unpleasant smell, but not one I want to smell like. I have tried a few Jo malone's and as of yet I don't understand the hype or the hefty price tag. 


negative 'Crikey, there's one helluva stench of Ajax or Vim in here' exclaimed my new best friend. And the scales fell from my eyes. Having no wish to smell like someone who cleans their own bath ( even though this is the case), I no longer wear this scent.
negative I've never been quite sure about Jo Malone fragrances - I can appreciate Lime, Basil & Mandarin whilst not wanting to wear it myself, whilst Red Roses would be a wonderful parfum d'ambience (pity they don't do a candle yet) so I wandered into one of her shops to try a few of the others, PN was recommended by a friend so I started there. The shops themselves are a hedonistic delight; cool clean decor, elegant packaging, and always a lovely scented candle in the background - mmm, maybe that's not such a bright idea when you're trying to choose a fragrance - however PN wasn't bad, so I put a spritz of that on one wrist and another of French Lime Blossom on the other and carried on down Bond St. Half an hour later PN was doing OK, a bit fruity & not as elegant as I had expected from the description but I was willing to give it a B+, probably not for me but I didn't think I would give it a thumbs-down. By the end of the afternoon I was desperate to get back home & have a shower.This is probably the ideal perfume if you need to diet (it certainly put me off my food) or need to keep the rest of the world at bay. The drydown is superb (if you really want to smell like that) but the sour, overripe fruity, sweaty smell was definitely the stuff of dreams - remember some of your dreams?
negative I envisioned a holiday-type scent, vibrant and sparkling, but all I can get out of this concoction is patchouli (which I abhor) and so this is a scrubber for me as well.  
negative This was my sister's siganture perfume till I got her Honeysuckle and Jasmine..why ? - because honestly this smells firstly like tart fruit and then later -  sour fruit and sour sweat in a combo . The longevity is quite impressive so eau de fruit-sweat followed my sister everywhere.  Truly dire stuff. 
negative An overpowering potpourri fragrance. For a short while I actually didnt mind this fragrance, when there were only a few beings wearing it, now I cant go anywhere without my nasal passage being assaulted by this clawing raspberry, pomegranate and pepper scent. This is the kind of 'room scent' I imagine witches would use to camouflage the smell of rotten frogs legs. It gives off hues of auburn and earthy reds in the imagination. This said I imagine the candle form of this fragrance would be lovely during the festive season. If it weren't for the elitist image of Jo Malone this fragrance would die a very quick death, or at least I hope it would. For a well blended pomegranate fragrance try Annick Goutal Quel Amour or Dior's Addict 2.
negative I feel like an ignoramus from a different planet when I read most of the reviews of this fragrance.  (But as far as I know only the first part is true.)  For me Pomegranate Noir is truly awful!  JM categorises it as a “fruity” fragrance and if I am very quick there is a nondescript fruity smell initially – though not resembling any pomegranate I have ever known.  But that is entirely irrelevant as it is completely overwhelmed by a dreadful, chemical pong sickeningly reminiscent of industrial strength antiseptic.  To make matters worse it’s the type of smell that gets stuck in your nose and feels as if it has bound itself to your nasal mucous.  And it lasts!  And lasts and lasts.  It is still evident after 24 hours and doesn't wash off easily.  I thought that maybe I just didn’t “get it” until my partner complained about the stench and begged me not to wear it again.  I bought it as part of the combining coffret and have tried combining it without success; that overwhelming chemical odour just overpowers everything.  We’re trying it as a toilet spray in our guest loo now at the risk of making out guests gag.  Let’s see what reaction it gets...  Update: What fresh hell is this?!  Someone has sprayed this in the vicinity of the downstairs loo.  It is now 7 hours later and the noxious smell still lingers in a pernicious pall.  That's it: I will have to trash this.  But am not sure how - it must surely constitute a chemical hazard! 

neutral Every year retailers put out Christmas decorations and merchandise earlier and earlier.  Walking through the fragrance section at Saks the day after Halloween, I smelled this wonderful holiday smell as I noticed the store was already decorated for Christmas.  The smell turned out to be a Jo Malone candle of Pomegranate Noir.  Being curious I noticed the line included a PN fragrance, so I gave it a spray to the wrist.  Right on queue, I got the same spiced fruit scent that I had detected in the shop candle.  To describe the fragrance, it's simply a holiday spice fruit that isn't gourmand or overly sweet, so it's ultimately wearable.  There's a little bit of wood and patchouli underneath, but it's fairly light.  I could detect it close to my skin for about 4 hours.  Nice, but not exactly my style, so a neutral and a pass for me.
neutral On my skin this opens with pungent fruit and spice (mainly clove). I like this part, it's almost a medicinal scent.
Unfortunately it soon dries down to a syrupy sweet fruity note minus the clove and remains there.

neutral Genre: Woods

Pepper and fruit - is it the mutant offspring of Piper Nigrum and Millesime Imperial? No, not with that transparent incense and dark leather drydown. No mentholated cold remedy here for me; just a series of novel accords that keep me guessing right the way through. 

I have to agree with Qaurry: this ranks with Cuir d'Oranger as one of the most pleasant fragrance surprises I've had in quite some time. Unisex in my opinion, and though it's not long lasting (4 hours tops) it is surprisingly potent for a cologne strength fragrance. I suppose I'll have to buy some in the fall...

...Six months later: my initial enjoyment of this scent has faded. I've come to find it overbearing and oppressive. While its novelty is undeniable, I don't like the mood it puts me in.

neutral I used to love this and wear all the time and then an ex boyfriend of mine when we were dining out said lets move i can smell the disinfectant from the loo.........then realising when we had moved it was this perfume.... he was dumped and i have never worn it since but did love it!!
neutral Really dark or better "incensey noir". This fragrance doesn't introduce the kind of accords i use to love and before testing it i tended to figure that the  smell could  be to much fruity or like fruity candy's juice full of colorants. Thanks God it doesn't happen with this concoction that is finally centralized on the main notes of frankincense, pepper and patchouli with some fruity aftertastes in the middle of the mist.  Obviously the initial fruity accord of plums, pomegranate and wild berries turns out slightly viney and a  bit crude but the intromission of dark patchouli, pepper, nutmeg and incense produces since the beginning a sort of enigmatic, medicinal, aromatic and dusty aroma that with the walk of time slides towards a more balanced woodiness with some edible fruity aftertastes swirling around. The outcome is something meditative and slightly ancestral.
positive Love ...LOVE ...LOVE....reminds me of christmas??...must be the frankincense...and the woody smell....truly a great scent for fall/winter...i layer this with d/g "the one"....3 d/g to 1 j/m pom noir.
positive The only fruity fragrance I can wear without smelling like a farmer's market stall gone wrong.  Aside from the quality of any Jo Malone fragrance, it has to be the combination of the peppers and pomegranate with the other spicy elements.  It manages to smell sweet, clean, earthy, spicy, warm and just... delicious... without smelling over the top gourmand.  Lovely!
positive Finally a perfume that sort of resembles Jungle, L'Elephant by Kenzo which I adore; its absolutely unique. BUT Jungle is very hard to find & I sense it will be discontinued soon. So Pom' Noir would be my next choice.Hildy
positive I like this one a lot. I think it is very, very similar to Sequoia by Comme des Garcons. But I like this one a bit better because it is slightly sharper, and it has overall more volume to it. Pomegranate Noir is very linear scent without any depth. That’s okay; it smells very good and that’s it.PN is a simple and wonderful story of red fruits and woods. Indeed, it smells very red woody – just like Sequoia. Warm, fruity and slightly spicy medicinal (clove). Sweet and a tad bitter. Little bit boozy, too.I keep thinking my late grandfathers garden which was filled up with different kind of apple trees, plum trees, raspberry and other berry bushes; red currants, black currants, gooseberries... All very ripe, sweet and warmed by sunlight. Hedge full of waxy and bitter leaves gives its own distant shade.Pomegranate Noir is very long lasting. If you find sweet, dark and fruity scent with woods intriguing, then this is a must try.
positive Warm and wearable and lasts for ages superb lasting power on my skin, Its more of a winter scent and the 30ml bottle is perfect for travels.
positive This is delightful.  A warm and spicy red fruit scent, opening with a terrific waft of clove and citrus.  It reminds me of those homemade orange pomander balls studded with cloves, the ones that you place in your closet to make it smell good.  After the opening of clove and spice, the fruit emerges, including a fermented, wine-y note that hovers over a base that's woody, sharp and dry. Very nice, very grown-up, NOIR most definitely! Love this.
positive The official story says that Jo Malone was insired by a friend wearing a red dress to create this scent. Fact: It is the most masculine JM. Even her Vetiver is more difficult to be warn by a man.Everybody comments on how well it transfers the smell of pomegrenates in a bottle.Fact: pomegrenate doesn't smell to me. Not even a light herbal smell. This is why I hat it.Having said that I urge you to try this perfume as it is the most vibrant, inexplicable perfume I have ever warn. It manages to accomadate completely conflicting notes, and keep them side by side until the deepest of drydowns. First I get hit by a brief burst of melon, then an almost violent burst if campphor, followed by the sweetes cloves you' ve evers smelled. And then all the other ingredients that others have reported but I cannot separate. But what is most intriguing is that it lasts for hours and during the whole time you can inhale on your wrist and still be able to smell ALL the notes you have smelled during the progression of the fragrance. a truely amazing accomplishment. The only negative comment is that it feels sort of like a megalith. Sometimes I feel overpowered by it and I have to abandon it for several months in order to fully appreciate it again.
positive I'm a fan of scents in the wood/spice/musk family and Pomegranate Noir is a fine one. The fruit note makes it a lighter alternative to my other, heavier scents in the wood/spice family.
positive A great mixer. So this is a real nice fruity/smoky scent on it's own but the best thing to do with this is spray it on top of one of your other scents. It starts out sweet, very sweet to me but if you spray it on say an amber or woory scent it takes on the other scent and adds a real nice layer to it. It's one that people always ask me what I have on when I'm wearing it . 
positive Revised review
I hadn’t thought I would like it.  I assumed that it would be very berry/fruity.  Although not bottle-worthy for me, I always find it intriguing.  The scent has been called "enigmatic" and I agree.
The fruit notes start as bright, pleasant, natural, juicy, and not at all faux-synthetic.  Later, they become subtle, dry and complex.  Spices tingle in the background.  The patchouli emerges -- at times earthy-brown, at times metallic, at times tangy (all typical traits).  The scent settles into a nice incense-wood vibe.


positive This is a beautiful fragrance - dark and fruity - its good for mixing with non complex - I like it with Armand Basi Hiomme and with Taylor's of Bond St Sandalwood Cologne.  The dry down is nice on this and it lingers in the background.
positive I vaguely remembered that in Greek mythology, poor Persephone had something to do with pomegranates. But did you know that in Exodus the High Priest had images of pomegranetes woven into his robe? That Leonardo and Boticelli featured pomegranates in their Madonna and Infant paintings? That the Qu'ran mentions pomegranates will be  in Paradise?  Or that some Hebrew scholars speculate that the pomegranate was the forbidden fruit in The Garden of Eden?No? It's OK, neither did I.  I looked it up in Wikipedia.Be forewarned though, according to the same: "The pomegranate also evoked the presence of the Aegean Triple Goddess who evolved into the Olympian Hera, who is sometimes represented offering the pomegranate. "So reviewers, myself included, better watch what we say---one diety you do NOT want to piss off  is The Triple Moon Goddess.How does Jo's offering stack up? Longevity is very good. I could still smell it on my skin 9 hours later. This is a   linear scent, so be certain you like it--as you'll be stuck with it for 9+ hours.Sophisticated and unusual. However now that some time has passed I concur with Vibert--it no longer puts me in a good mood, either. Furthermore, I believe women can be better served by this one. The Bride in Kill Bill immediately comes to mind.M.
positive at the beginning, this smells exactly like cheap little cinnamon red hot candies.  and I love it!
positive Soothing plums guide frankincense and patchouli into a field of tangy pomegranate and blushing raspberries; who chime in with their own tartness and special zing. With exquisite depth, the pomegranate unravels to feature a myriad of scents; each reminiscent of something great. Dark cherry and cinnamon with dried leaves and sweet scarlet roses and a dash of honey-sweetness are just two of the multitude of creations that this wonderful fragrance can induce visions of. The pomegranate notes become apparent as fighters; as the scent settles on your skin and dries down, the pomegranate still lives and remains the top note. However, that doesn't mean that it dominates the scent and disallows a proper development; rather, the pomegranate allows a generous amount of woods to bleed through, while whoring the bitter notes. There is not much sweetness here, even with the influence of frankincense and raspberries. Rather than sweetening the scent as a whole, they serve to bite out the severe bitterness that such a strong pomegranate carries. Even with the presence of patchouli, containing this particular note of pomegranate is hard, but very well done -- the result is something that's shy of being bitter, but not bland. The fact that pomegranate is showcased here could have resulted in the scent being very linear and bland, but the design and structure of this scent is so well-done and rugged, that there is no room to think that it is merely pomegranate.The drydown is, by far, the most unbelievable of any fragrance I have ever smelled. In fact, I wore this scent four different times in one day just to relive that experience. The pomegranate dies out, and patchouli, frankincense, and a touch of raspberry are left to work wonders on your nose. I almost sense some transparent rose notes; that may just be the earthy patchouli feeding the raspberry and playing even more tricks on my nose though. Regardless of what it is, the beauty of this lies in the fact that it can be so much to your nose... no two drydowns will be the same. I understand, though, that Pomegranate Noir is not everyone's cup of t-- err, bottle of fragrance, so therefore I will leave you with a metaphor: Pomegranate Noir is the ugliest girl in the world, with the most beautiful personality. You pick your poison. No scent is perfect, and few are daring and bold as this one is. A manly composition of pomegranate and sweet fruits is done justice by Jo Malone.Overall rating: 10/10: Yet another high-quality composition we see here; the originality and the amount of effort put into this fragrance is superior to damn near every scent I have smelled.
positive I like this by itself but layer it with a tuberose or gardenia and it becomes even better. This lasts nicely all day on me. No camphor here.
positive Top notes :  Pomegranate, Pink Pepper, Raspberry   Middle notes : Plum, opopanax, frankincense   Base notes :  Patchouli, Musk, Spicy Woods  The inspiration for Pomegranate Noir (PN) came to Jo Malone after she saw one of her friends dressed up in a red silk dress at a middle eastern hookah party all the while stuffing dollar bills in her cleavage. I have enjoyed the simple uncluttered soliflores of the Jo Malone line so the "Noir/Dark" label of this fragrance made me wonder if Malone was going all Lutens on us.I shouldn't have worried. PN opens with a perplexing accord. Its sweet, lush and minty....and for a moment, does smell like Vicks vaporub except that there's a plummy fruity aroma enveloping this "vicks" accord. I am intrigued by how this minty fresh smell is engineered .. I don't see cloves listed in the notes pyramid, so the only explanation I can come up with is that PN is probably employing a variety of frankincense that is higher in its camphor (moth ball smell) content than the other constituents. Interms of fruitiness, this primary accord has all the hallmarks of a prune...it can be enjoyable and fun as well as occasionally grating and temperamental. While the incense does its camphor like thing, the distinctive sour and sweet smell of pomegranates is neutered by plenty of sweet raspberry and plum notes. PN loses much of its midnight vaporub funkiness after half and hour or so, and lets a timid patchouli note and some non-descript spicy woods base lead it to its quiet but not-so dark conclusion. The longevity is good..around 7 hours.I admit I expected more "Noir" facets from this scent but knowing Malone's style I wasn't expecting a Jules or Vintage Tabarome. It says "Black Pomegranate" on the label after all, and that could mean "Over-ripe Pomegranates" for all I know. I would have liked more patchouli and spices, and less raspberry and plums in this concoction. Its more complex than other Malone's like Grapefruit and Amber Lavender but is also, strangely, less interesting. With that said, during the dog days of winter and nostril scraping flu attacks, I would still like to spray a spritz or two of PN on my chest before going to bed....I hear it attracts fairies in red silk dresses.Rating: 7/10   
positive Wow, this is one of the more unique fragrance experiences I've had in awhile. I think everyone's comments so far have been valid.  Depending on what you're thinking when you smell it, it can smell like Vicks, fruit, cloves, pepper, patchouli or frankincense.  However, it does not smell overdone; despite its many opposing characteristics, it strikes me as rather minimalist and dry.  I must admit that I was slightly put off by the (it's true) harsh opening.  I thought of a minty and smoky version of L'Anarchiste, and I smelled a strong clove note.  But where L'Anarchiste puts me off, this intrigues me.  It doesn't have the same sickly aura about it.  The drydown focuses more on the frankincense and patchouli, while the fruit peeks from the background.  This is a wonderful, wonderful drydown.  I'll have to sample it a few more times to make up my mind, but there is a very good chance this is bottle worthy for me.  
positive Lovely frag. Very mysterious and includes my favourite notes, patchouli and frankincense. The pomegranate fruitiness gives it an overall 'burgundy' feel to it, and a much lighter effect that patchouli in its purer form. Very vampish and sexy. A winter fragrance that would be great for a special Xmas party.Instead of little black dress, maybe little red dress would be more suitable?
positive EDIT!  I've recently received a sample of this with a JM order and, I tried it again. As is typical of me, one of the fragrances that's affected me most powerfully, is a fragrance I initially disliked on myself.   After rereading my original review, I can't help but stress how much body chemistry, at any given time, affects the reactions of those of us who are extremely sensitive to our olfactory neurons.  Fortunately, chemical change can be positive, and I think my norepinephrine levels must be in better shape. The first review was written a couple of months before I became pregnant with my daughter, who is now 20 months old.  After having her, I guess I smell better!  (Smell as an adjective, not a verb).  In any case Pomegranate Noir is utterly, completely gorgeous; hypnotic, complex, and sensual.  At first it smells like mulled wine, and it quickly transforms to a patchouli-resin warmth that's oddly reminiscent of my favorite Chanels.  This pomegranate beauty is so perfect for enhancing the mood for the upcoming holiday; pomegranate is my favorite fruit to eat, and now Ill enjoy it even more.  Pomegranate Noir comes across as a fragrance that would be perfect for sitting in front of a fireplace after a day of skiing. Our Southern California Autumns, with the Santa Anas in full swing, often are hotter than our summers. Even with its "cool weather" connotation, Pomegranate Noir is beautiful in our current 90 degree+ weather.  The heat brings out a dry warmth in this fragrance (patchouli?) that I absolutely love.   Original Review:  On me this is suffocating.  It's strong, bitter, and harsh.  I think  the combo of frankincense and patchouli  reacts badly on my skin.  I'm with Mr. Quarry on the furniture polish aroma...The composition of Pomegranate Noir comes across as balanced mix of juicy fruits and and heavy woods, and it smells striking and deep when sprayed into the air.  Unfortunately I don't find the smell appealing on my skin, but on someone with the right skin chemistry, I'd enjoy it.
positive there's something about the frankincense that seems to hail from a dark far-away place, but that somehow also remains pure, the offering to the Christ at the manger..... the pomegranate fruitiness remains warm, edible, hypnotizing. 
positive If fragrances were brassieres, Ginestet Le Boisé would be a 34B, and Pomegranate Noir would be a 42D. Finally, a break-through scent with a personality. It's been months since my nose has been surprised like this. Husband says he smells furniture polish. Okay, dear, make that royal furniture polish used on a rich Frenchwoman's Louis XVI vanity.

negative Jo Malone Pomegranate Noir EDCNotes: raspberry, plum, pink pepper, pomegranate, patchouli, frankincense, spicy woods (from jomalone.com)I have smelled pomegranates before--fruit, seed, juice and also oil pressed from the seeds.  None of what I have smelled from real pomegranate smells like Pomegranate Noir.  What I do smell is a very heavy spicy accord of cinnamon, clove, cardamom and cedar wood.  If there is any fruit here, it is completely overwhelmed.  The fragrance is not really dark as in "noir", but it is rather heavy compared to many other Jo Malone fragrances, and it is a bit sickening due to its poorly judged proportion of spice. In other words, PN lacks complexity, deftness and balance.  Despite the heavy spice accord and woody notes, there is no real substance to speak of.  If hamster cages were lined with cinnamon along with the typical cedar shavings, this is what it would smell like.  It is a scrubber.  
negative Hmm. Was dying to try this as have heard so much raving about it. Disappointingly spicy, cheap and jarring to my nose. Can't see what all the fuss is about, big thumbs down.
negative I'm not saying it isn't an attractive (though strong) scent, I just can't imagine *wearing* it -- to me, it smells like a very nice, very expensive holiday candle. Or other room scent. With the subtle undertones of Vick Vap-O-Rub. It's just too aggressively fruity and camphor-like for a personal scent; it's like wearing potpourri. And actually, the camphor notes are starting to make me think of cleaning products -- a luxe riff on Pine-Sol or something. Lemon Pledge smells good too, but I wouldn't dab it behind my ear.
negative Smells like a cross between old pot pourri and wine dregs. Thick, cloying and crude.
negative I am not joking: This smells exactly like Vicks Vapor rub!!Its really kind of chemical and medicine smelling. I agree that it smells like a hamsters cage cedar chips.I sprayed it on my skin and it smelled like Black pepper.This fragrance should be called "Vicks Vapor Rub-Black Pepper Blossom"

neutral With notes of clove, pumpkin, and persimmon, this seems like a scent to use in the fall, especially around Thanksgiving.  Aggressive and rather pungent, there isn't much subtlety here.  Someone described it as "linear" - the scent never changes from splash-on to fade-out.  Long-lasting.
neutral Very nice and opened my eyes to how cool pomegranate can be, but it draws attention to itself just a little too much. Worth trying for sure.
neutral Very, very nice opening. Though it doesn't smell precisely like pomegranate, it does a good job emulating it. Dark, woody fruits is really it. However, it fades out after about an hour but during that hour it's really nice.
neutral Like Coastfansocal, I got the hint of Vick's Vapor Rub, but not all that much camphor.  I did not get the cedar chips in the hamster cage, but after a couple of hours, it has subsided and I can get some smoothness.  Redhot candies, maybe that is what it might be on some.  But I do say that the scent is not one to throw away after your first wear it.  Have to give it some wearing, maybe like a Piper Nigrum.  Many scents, I can tell from first sniff I won't like them, and those that have vanilla or powder, easily get tossed.  Not so.  This is my first Jo Malone sample to test, and while I tend to think this line gets less favored status, well, this is well made.  I am going to give this a neutral, as I do not dislike it, but that Vick's Vapor Rub at first gets me.  Now, someone remind me to come back and revisit this fragrance.
positive   This is an absolutely beautiful feminine floral scent, that makes me think of warm weather and sunny Spring days when all the trees are in bloom and the lilac bushes are flowering! 
When you first spray it on, it comes out smelling like fruity orange drink or orange lollipop due to the super sweet and sugary clementine top notes. However, the top notes don't last very long at all. The lollipop scent fades out and disappears altogether after less than ten minutes, and the fragrance develops into a gorgeous Spring bouquet of lilacs and orange blossom! 
  I will say that, for a scent that is named "orange blossom", the lilac note is actually really dominant! I can smell the white floral notes, but I can probably smell lilac the most! Personally, I love the smell of lilac, and it's hard to find perfumes that come in this scent, so I think this perfume is wonderful! I know this whole line of colognes is made to layering scents, but honestly, I would buy this one and wear it on it's own! It is a very gorgeous, delicate, and extremely feminine scent, and I highly recommend it to anyone who likes white florals, but also to people who love the smell of spring lilacs. I don't think you'll be disappointed!
positive This was my wedding scent - chosen before my recent obsession with fragrance and my introduction to the niche scent world. Had I known about Frederic Malle, Terry de Gunzburg, Serge Lutens, etc etc. at that time, perhaps I would have chosen differently, but after spending weeks smelling things, this is what I selected. It is just all-around beautiful and not too heavy/not too light. I find the sillage and longevity to be quite good. I also now realize how much I love orange blossom and citrus-floral blends, and this one is so lovely. I have smelled many, many of the Jo Malone fragrances and this one is still my favorite, and everyone I know who has smelled it, has really loved it. It's just a sweet, inoffensive scent. Not the most unusual, but also not something you'd smell on anyone, and I have received numerous compliments when wearing it. Definitely worth a sniff, and perhaps a purchase.
positive It's no wonder that this has only gotten one negative review out of 22. The reason is that it's hard not to like orange blossoms, and this is as close to orange blossoms as you can possibly get. Sweet, spicy, and full of joy. My next trip to Nordstrom will be to buy this.
positive I agree with Quarry.  I like layering Orange Blossom over Narcisse Noir if I want to wear NN during the day.  Citrus scents can be tricky to me.  Sometimes the "straightforward, uncomplicated" ones end up smelling like my memory of Love's Lemon (everyone remembers this classic from junior high!)  or Lemon Pledge.  Orange Blossom has, to my nose, more of the soft round scent of the blossom rather than the agressively stringent scent of the fruit.
positive My favorite Jo Malone (though not a huge fan of JM overall).  Nice soft citrus - truly oranges.  Not anything complex or interesting here but a gentle and pleasant scent.
positive When it comes to florals, I am a purist. I like uncomplicated scents that smell like the real thing. This fragrance is all about orange blossoms. It's refreshing and, well, just pretty!  I'm sorry that it is not longer lasting. Yet, for a cologne, it's longevity is decent. I suspect that any attempt to improve the staying power would spoil the thing that makes this so special.
positive When I first smelt this scent, I knew it was a winner because it was like finding oneself seated in the centre of an orange blossom; it has an other-worldly quality which I think you only usually get when you're touching and enjoying the actual flower in real life.  I love the way it brought images of white flowers on naked skin to mind.  It has an added softness to the original scent of orange blossoms which makes this very feminine.  Absolutely stunning, I wore it on my wedding day.
positive Orange blossom is one of my least favorite notes, or so I thought!  This is quite lovely, I must admit, with top notes of mandarin and honeysuckle, and a heart where I can detect more mandarin, orange and orange blossom.  The citrus tempers the 'cloying' quality that I often get with orange blossom based fragrances, making it sharper and fresher and much more to my liking.  Though I'm not sure it's something I'll reach for to purchase, I'm grateful this fragrance has expanded my olfactory repertoire a bit, and I'll certainly be sampling it again! 
positive Love this incredibly feminine and refreshing scent.  Only wish it lasted longer!
positive My favorite Jo Malone fragrance.
positive Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful.  
I think nearly everyone loves this one, including me. 

Recently layered Orange Blossom with Red Roses and really liked the result.  Great summer scent.  
If the Jo Malone fragrances were more affordable, I'd have plenty of each to experiment with. 
positive I just obtained a bottle and I will be wearing it a lot this summer. Great orange scent with some added softeners! Layering with this should be great as well. Very pure but soft orange. Stays on well too and will be great with cinnamons for winter
positive Purists will adore this 'fresh from mother nature' take on Orange Blossom.  As for me, I prefer a refined orange blossom note...I find raw essences a bit harsh.  Jo Malone's OB also boasts a noticeable amount of jasmine, which is a popular fragrance note although not a personal fave.  I'm giving a thumbs up on this one because it has a "stand out" sort of quality - but I won't be wearing it.
positive Orange Blossom smells divine, but it's a bit too literal for me.  I think a layering of this along with a vanilla or a jasmine (more creative members can come up with better combos than my predictable ones) would make this a lot more wearable, while still keeping the vulnerable, sweet, honest, blossomy heart.
positive I ignored this cologne from Jo Malone for the longest time, even though I never thought it unpleasant. In fact, I ignored most of the line, because for the most part I find the scents too "traditional" and the prices too high for something so conventional. Another reason I ignored it was due to a sample mix-up: even though they were manufacturer’s samples, my Orange Blossom and my Lime, Basil & Mandarin samples got confused, and so I thought that Orange Blossom was a conventional citrus & herb cologne and dismissed it with no second thoughts. Than when I got that mini-package - an extra mini bottle of Lime Basil  Mandarin was slipped in as an extra, so I decided to give it a try. I quickly realized there was a mistake in the samples, and after further investigation learned that my charmging “Lime Basil and Mandarin” was actually Orange Blossom…I was just stunned by how gorgeous Orange Blossom was! This is no ordinary citrus, nor what you would expect from an orange blossom scent, and it is quite unique. The note that stands out for me is the mandarin. When I put it on I was immediately transported to our family orchard I took care of my entire childhood, where I played and watered and weeded the trees. It was one of my favourite places and any scent that brings me back there is welcome to my collection. The heart is definitely orange blossom, which is one of my most favourite notes,  and it helps that citrus top notes to linger just a tad longer than most other citrus colognes would.
positive Jo Malone Orange Blossom is one of the most beautiful things I've ever smelled.  It smells like an orange grove on a warm night with just ripened orange blossom flowers and hints of sultry jasmine.  This is perfect to lift my spirits and I love it in all seasons.  It makes me feel like I can live the romantic, carefree days of summer all the time.
positive I must amend my previous opinion (Aug. 10, 2005, review). I now so enjoy layering Orange Blossom with almost any scent that I've bought a full flacon. With Ambra del Nepal, I get something like Boucheron's Trouble. With Demeter's Wet Garden, Orange Blossom smells like it's really outside. I think this could be used remedially, too: If a fragrance sample isn't exactly to my tastes, the addition of Orange Blossom seems to steer the scent closer to where I want it to be.

negative Jo Malone Orange Blossom EDCNotes: clementine leaves, orange blossom, water lily (from jomalone.com)Orange Blossom starts with juicy sweet orange, bergamot and orange blossom.  The combination is classic and a tad soapy, however, there is an unexpectedly tenacious indolic edge to the orange blossom which keeps the fragrance from being too clean.  The indoles are rather fecal in this composition, and at first adds a welcome complexity to a fragrance that would otherwise be very dull.  Unfortunately, after a bright beginning, all the tangy, sweet, creamy qualities fade away, the fragrance loses its balance, and turns into a screechy white floral with fecal notes that challenge the most die-hard civet lover.  The indole in OB does not develop the way natural indoles would, so the accord never loses its rawness.  That is to say, OB smells strongly of bleu cheese crumbles, mothballs and urine from start to finish.  When there is nothing left to balance and blend with the indoles, OB is not enjoyable anymore.  Longevity is too long, all things considered--the indoles are going strong after six hours.  Sillage is surprisingly strong, perhaps not a good thing.  I am convinced the only way to wear this fragrance is to layer it, probably with another Jo Malone offering.

neutral Orange blossom cologne with a water lily note.

**/*
neutral Nice, clean, young, straight straight straight orange blossom - very JM.  Pretty average overall with only brief moments of a touch of nuances of change. The silage is ok, but, although always close to my skin after the first hour, an excellent six hours if longevity are impressive, although it was a hot day.  Moments of interest, and it being designed for blending, do not, however, change the overall impression of mediocrity. 
neutral Got a sample of this and several others from the Jo Malone rep at Bloomingdales. I would say it's an okay fragrance. The orange blossom scent is a lot like the mock orange bush we use to have in our backyard but slightly synthetic. I layered it with Jo Malone White Jasmine and Mint. It was much better this way but I don't think this will ever be something I wear very much if at all. It does last a long time on me.

neutral Many years ago on my way to school I used to walk past a garden with a huge Mock Orange (syringa) in the garden, when it was in bloom I loved it - so rich and sweet. Later (much later) I visited Morocco and was overwhelmed by the scent of orange blossom in the sunken gardens of the El Badi palace so I expected to love this. Maybe I may prefer it as a scented candle - a fragrance that you can walk away from when it gets too much, but, having sprayed my wrist an hour ago with a sample that one of the generous girls at Jo Malone gave me I spent the first 30 minutes fighting the urge to run & scrub it off. It's fading a little now and is a bit easier to live with, but I don't think it will ever become an essential part of my wardrobe - I suppose I'm just not a Jo Malone person (although I love the occasional soak in a solution of Red Roses bath oil - the perfect end to a long muddy winter walk). Actually I rather resent the suggestion that one needs to shell out for two or more of anybody's fragrances in order to smell good. Chanel, Guerlain and many other perfume companies, large and small, reckon that they can make you feel chic, sensuous, businesslike, glamorous (delete as appropriate) with just one bottle of their better juices, so why do JM expect gullible members of the public to buy 2 or more of their fragrances at £34 a pop when you can get 75ml of Mitsouko edp for less than £45? Sorry folks, but I think this represents a triumph of marketing over commonsense.
neutral Not too much to say. Very transparent, easy breezy scent. A nice clean orange blossom..morphing to jasmine notes on my skin..then fades away. But not completely..there's a slightly irritating base that is slower to dissipate. I That's all she wrote!
neutral Notes:Top: Citronella leaves, TangerineMiddle: Orange blossom, Water lilyBase: Lilac, NeroliFalling somewhere between Czech & Speake's focused orange blossom rendition in Neroli and Creeds snappy citrus-high Neroli Sauvage, Jo Malone's Orange Blossom (OB) does its own thing with the orange blossom note...flanking it between a juicy orange top and watery white floral notes. The tangerine blast that greets you first is suitably juicy, orangey and pleasant. The orange blossom note that peeks at  you afterwards though is not of the finest quality...its not as petit-grainy as in Fleur du Male, but neither is it as indolic or rich. Rather it smells a lot like the version found in Serge Lutens Fleur d'Oranger, with a strange lack of clarity in evidence with woody highlights and little to no indoles. Good thing that this note is further flanked by pleasant lily/lilac floral notes (with an almost nonexistent base...OB just peters out over 4-5 hours) to construct a fairly unique take on the Neroli/Orange Blossom genre resulting in a tangerine-white floral perfume with an adequate orange blossom note which runs through the composition without really overtaking it. All the better I say, considering its not attractive enough by itself to sell bottles. It's Ben Affleck in the Affleck-Damon partnership (while it lasted..).Rating: 6.0/10.0
neutral Out of the bottle, one of my favorite scents in the world. The spray fades quickly on me, however, and the creme develops a sour note after it's reacted with my body chemistry for a few hours. What a pity!
neutral A very orange, tangy opening… more powerful than I expected.  It is like the zesty oil expressed from squeezing an orange skin.  It softens into nice florals.  It is a bit sweet, especially with the lily note.  I can appreciate it, but I wouldn’t wear it.
positive Jasmin 17 is another thumbs up from Le Labo, but maybe not too exciting.  I agree that it might smell more like orange blossom than jasmine. I probably like this more than the leather (Cuir 28) and the vetiver (Vetiver 46), but not as much as the iris (Iris 39) or the ylang-ylang (Ylang 49).

Le Labo manages to smell modern without being too overbearing with aroma chemicals. This is a nice, simple, modern-smelling, wearable fragrance. 
positive An absolutely gorgeous jasmine note greets me, a classic elegant note that is as such not sweet.  Soon it emanates that this is more than jasmin, with orange blossom and sandalwood added in the drydown.  Later vanilla kicks in and this adds sweetness to the later stage of the development. This scent is made of high-quality ingredients and very well and smoothly blended. Poor silage but adequate projection, with a longevity of four hours. A great jasmine fragrance that is perfect for spring. 


positive With a delicate presentation of a potentially bombastic note, Le Labo has created a lovely jasmine fragrance.  Albeit via an orange blossum route I suppose.  

After an initial burst of sweetness and headiness from a wonder orange blossum note, this one shifts gears and softens up.  There is jasmine, but it is delicate, and I do not detect indoles to any significant extent.  It is almost the fragrance akin to the taste of jasmine tea, gentle and subtle but present.

The drydown is close wearing, continuing the soft and gentle approach.  Wisps of vanilla and musk, warm smelling.

A lovely jasmine fragrance if you like soft and pretty florals.  
positive A lovely orange blossom fragrance. Jasmine and vanilla are supporting players and keep the orange blossom sweet and non-indolic. Great longevity, huge sillage. I like it a lot but you better love orange blossom if you consider getting it. 
positive Le Labo continues to amaze me with their beautiful simplicity and their workshop-based concepts. Jasmin 17, although not anything outstanding is polite, refined and smooth. Everything that a jasmine soliflore should be.

Sarrasins by Serge Lutens is still my favourite jasmine scent, however when Sarrasins is too dark and rich for Summer, that's where Jasmin 17 comes in. This fragrance is a pretty concoction of light, transparent jasmine, a hint of orange blossom and milky vanilla.

Subtle and fresh, and in some ways innocent, Jasmin 17 is nothing loud or irritating, just delicate jasmine blooms resting softly on the skin. This fragrance is fairly linear, the only development being the appearance of the musk in the drydown.

Like I mentioned before, simplicity is what I admire from this fragrance house. Jasmin 17 goes to show that extreme measures don't need to be taken in order to achieve something lovely and fresh.

The scent also feels rather natural on the skin. There's a definite sweetness in Jasmin 17 that is most likely the result of the jasmine and vanilla blending together rather than a saccharine additive.

This fragrance lasts considerably well and the sillage is moderate, not too strong nor too soft. I highly recommend this fragrance to floral lovers and jasmine fanatics alike.
positive Tried this today and thought it was wonderful.  I normally steer clear of anything with a recognisable jasmine note to it, but the Le Labo version is lovely to my nose.  It starts off with a subtle citrus note and them seems to develop a sort of green tea freshness.  This may well disappoint hard core jasmine lovers, but for me it's the first jasmine that I've found that I know I will go back and purchase. 

As ever, a completely different smell on my friend, though equally loved by her for other reasons. 

positive 
I agree: 

      … that in the opening I smell more neroli (and orange blossom) than jasmine;   
      …that Jasmin 17 is fresh, gentle, and lovely;   
      …that there is a whispering sensuality hiding beneath the prettiness.  

This is not the way I usually prefer jasmine.  I prefer the indole laden, no-holds-barred jasmine.  But Jamin 17 presents a strong essence of non-indolic jasmine in such a diaphanous way that I can’t help but admire its purity, sensuality, and its transparency.  

…such a lovely, delicate presentation of such an imposing force.



positive Jasmin 17, youthful and feminine.It begins with bright fresh notes of Neroli Bigarade, Orange Flower and Litsea Cubeba... crisp green and slightly citrus.. completely unexpected and uncharacteristic of a traditional Jasmine perfume... As the sharp awakening notes calm, beautiful chords of fresh blooming Jasmine diffuse to the top... softly enveloping the citrus angles leveling off to a full bodied yet fresh Jasmine heart... Sweet, but gentle, white, and delicate...As it continues to dry down slight oriental mid-tones of Amber, Sandalwood, and musk seep through the elegant floral body quietly blending into a powdery whiteness...Fresh, feminine, sensual, and easily wearable by all.
positive Maurice took another route in fragrance making. A white flower scent, but he left a trail of powdery notes behind. Its a fresh white flower scent with woody, sweet and musky notes. Drys down as a gentle floral. Men love it on me!! 
positive This is the sexy cousin to Prada's infusion D'Iris, and oh, so much more up my street. Jasmine is usually dirtier, so it's quite something that this perfume presents it to us in a cleaner, veil-like way. It is this very quality that makes Jasmin 17 so seductive; the sense of anticipation and knowledge that the carnal nature of true Jasmine is concealed, with just two milky petals showing under a silk blouse.

negative You're visiting the city dog pound, and you forget to bring a clothespin for your nose. You decide to carry on and suffer through it, finding the perfect (smelly) dog. When you get back to the car with your new malodorous family member, you crumble. You can't take it any longer and you need to neutralize the smell somehow. You start digging through your purse and your glovebox and you magically discover a bottle of Neroli 36 by Le Labo. Alright, so, in this moment, you think it's a good idea, but let's be frank: you're not thinking clearly. You spray it anyways, and neither you nor your doggie makes it home in one piece. Jasmin 17 by Le Labo.
negative It is with extreme sadness I type this commentary, as my hope for this jasmine has been crushed.  I adore indolic florals.  Never have they come to my nose smelling like "mothballs", that is, until now.  Jasmin 17 begins sweetly, and similarly to Diptyque's Olene.  Within only minutes after spritzing, starts to give off that mothball/ashtray sort of smell.  The prettiest components of this juice vanish too soon, leaving the mothball/ashtray odor  to morph into it's final repugnance:  the smell of gingivitis.  I know, it's not nice, but it's true.  The smell of unhealthy (almost rotting) gum tissue.  It permeates.  I have never smelled a perfume quite like this one.  

neutral I'm slowly beginning to understand white florals. At the outset, I couldn't tell a tuberose from a neroli from a jasmine. When I tried Moonlight in Heaven by Kilian I was wondering how they made such a milky, rice-pudding smell. Now I realize how milky Jasmine can be, especially with a hint of vanilla. There's a bit of greenness and citrus here too. Strangely, when you combine that all together the overall effect is a bowl of fruit loops for some reason? 

Overall the scent is fairly pleasant. Not too challenging but also not something I'm super into. Also a bit too feminine for me, so I'm going with neutral on this one, but this is something I'd be happy to smell on my girlfriend.
neutral Jasmin 17 is a well made deep, rich, powdery sweet jasmine. It is not transparent, floral or light. At first I wasn't crazy about it and I couldn't trace any citrus notes. Maybe it was the humidity or the temperature but today after a couple of hours I get a tart orange accord that is quite nice. Previously I thought there was a vanilla accord now I think that impression was due to the overall sweetness. In any case, this is an olfactory creation, not overpowering and intoxicating as Jasmin Noir. Pleasant alas not great.
neutral Jasmine? Neroli, more like it! Which makes three neroli/orange blossom fragrances in Le Labo's range. I don't even like the sickly sweet smell of neroli...
positive Jasmine calone. This is the first time I've not had a violently negative reaction to calone so there's that. There's something pleasing: sunscreen on a salt-sprayed beach perhaps. Nostalgic, synthetic. Wouldn't buy it.
positive Le Labo's names can be a bit like Oxford May Balls - rarely in May.  Here neroli is present in the background in the first few hours, but never dominating - that is left to orange blossom with mandarin, whilst in the drydown jasmine and a decent rose come to the fore.  Tonka takes charge in the base, so overall a white flowery composition with a tonka base. A bit unexciting and not exactly hyper-original, but exceedingly well blended of top-quality ingredients - just narrowly thumbs-up. 




positive Neroli 36 struck me straight away as being more mandarin orange based than neroli. There was also an obvious sweetness, which was very pleasant but far from the bitterness that this fragrance is supposed to convey.

As far removed from being a soliflore as possible, I did much prefer this fragrance over Annick Goutal's Neroli, which I found too herbaceous and citrusy.

The more the scent developed, the more it began to resemble a juicy, pulpy orange mixed with talcum powder. Not the nicest description I know, but far nicer when smelt.

On the Now Smell This blog, both reviewers mention an aquatic quality which I don't seem to get. The scent is certainly Summery and refreshing, but there aren't any oceanic notes in this composition, as far as I can smell anyway.

I really enjoyed wearing this fragrance while it lasted, which was relatively impressive. Perhaps the only aspect I didn't like was the drydown, which up close smelt like a pet-shop but from a distance smelt like orange-scented cleaning products with a touch of musk.

Every now and then, Neroli 36 gives off a soapy vibe, however I wouldn't go so far to say that it's particularly clean-smelling, the sweetness certainly prevents it from going that way. 

Neroli 36 is nothing ground-breaking, but it's certainly, in my opinion, something that lives up to its expensive price tag. Lovely, just lovely.
positive Absolutely wonderful.  The perfect blend of soap (and this is by far my new favorite soapy scent), Sea and Ski suntan lotion, and marine notes.  I'm transported to Stone Harbor, NJ, the summer of _____ (pick any--1967-1977).  Amazingly well done.  Wish list and full bottle worthy!
positive You want a fresh scent that you can smell on yourself all day long? N36!!! The marine notes are long lasting. High quality! Don't expect it to smell like your typical neroli. It is unisex but I find it better on a woman. A year round scent overall.
positive At first, I was not sure what the big deal was about Le Labo's Neroli 36. It seemed like a gentle orange blossomy fragrance that didn't have any special bells or whistles. But then, I wore it outside (which, in the summertime in Houston, is not insignificant) and Neroli 36 really came into its own as it melded into my skin in a charming way that is hard to describe. Neroli 36 didn't try to compete with the 90 degree heat but rather worked with it and subtly released its warm middle notes of musk and jasmine. Were it not for the prohibitive price and limited availability, I think Neroli 36 would be the perfect "beachy" scent, even above Bond's Fire Island, Bobbi Brown’s Beach, et al.  As compared to a fellow fragrances, L'Occitane’s Neroli (too sweet) and Diptyque’s L'Eau de Neroli (rather boring), Neroli 36 easily takes the top prize. Here are Neroli 36's notes, per The Perfumed Court: rose, musk, mandarin orange (slightly aldehydic), jasmine and vanilla.   

negative You're a steel bucket, with bits of rust here and there, and you're sitting in a wet garden filled with jasmine flowers. Inside your oxidized steel frame, you're holding a batch of Fleur d'Oranger 27 by Le Labo. Your existence is dull, albeit a bit more pleasant, but unfortunately just as unwanted. Neroli 36 by Le Labo.
negative Simply put, this smells like the industrial cleaning solution they use to wash down the subway stations in my city. It's a nauseating scent. I couldn't scrub it off fast enough, and even still I can't escape the odor.
negative Not neroli or orange blossom or anything in that vicinity.   Bergamot?  Whatever it is, it is sweet, unpleasant and a real scrubber.
negative I ask this when I sample most of Le Labo's fragrances -- but seriously, where is the Neroli?  This is a floral / aldehyde mix...a very strange one at that.  Not sure how I feel about this but it's definitely not fit for a man, that's for sure.
negative After a few weeks of having Le Labo's Neroli 36, I'm still trying to figure out the intended use of this product. Unfortunately for me, I can't use it as an inviting scent since to me it smells of things that may have been expelled out of a whale and left to biodegrade on a polluted beach somewhere on the Atlantic... I mean this thing costs $220 for 100 mL... There's got to be some use for it... Maybe deep sea fishing? 
negative Not one of the better neroli fragrances I think.  The accords aren’t clear and feel a little bit sticky.  The florals are indistinct and the bouquet is not done any favors by inclusion of calone.  The fragrance is quite soapy. 
negative Slightly more agreeable than their Fleurs d'Oranger, but equally super-sweet and powdery and with a similar cleaning product vibe to it. This one has a touch of bitter almond/marzipan/heliotrope as well I think, but perhaps that's just the natural difference between neroli and orange blossom. Anyway, it makes me like it just a little bit better since I think neroli/orange blossom is more bearable when the naturally gourmand aspect of the floral note is emphasised, as opposed to when they're used in miserably failed attempts at "fresh" colognes. But sorry, I just don't dig neroli/orange blossom scents at all.

neutral Neroli 36 is a summer/beachy type scent, but the beachy effect is achieved by combining some pale, wan florals with a strong synthetic-smelling marine/aquatic/salty note that is somewhat harsh and really dumbs the fragrance down, causing it to lack any sophistication whatsoever. It smells like a dime store summer scent, yet is three times the price. This is one of several tropical/beachy type fragrances I test drove and the one I liked the least.
neutral I'm fairly unimpressed. Neroli 36 doesn't remind me much of other neroli scents. There is a vague floralness, beachyness and loads of aldehydes. Anything good here is done better by Margiela's Beach Walk
neutral A decidedly feminine scent, Neroli 36 by Le Labo is a multifaceted take on the lemony-floral note present in so many scents today.

Neroli 36 isn't the straight on Neroli that you'd expect to experience in, say, Tom Ford's bespoke collection.  It seems to be a more generally floral construction that only has a bare resemblance to classic neroli freshness. Orange blossom is more evident here, and in the end Neroli 36 waxes a bit more experimental than I'd like.

Nonetheless, it would smell nice on a lady. :-) 
neutral An initial blast of orangey sweetness, reminiscent of sun tan lotion, and then an immediate switch to a woody, reedy, artemesia note that dominates into the dry down.

I cannot detect any of the luscious notes in the profile on this page. Too bad, if I did this might have been interesting.

Luca Turin, though giving it four stars, and dubbing it a "pale floral," amusingly refers to Le Labo's penchant for mis-naming its scents. He can find no neroli in this composition and refers us to Le Labo's Fleur d'Oranger 27, which does contain the note.

As a reedy acquatic (it does contain cal one), this is acceptable. Hardly, however to be sought out among the hundreds of others out there that are far more affordable.
neutral Definitely not as much of a standout as Bergamote 22, Neroli 36 by Le Labo includes the expected soapy burst of neroli dominance but that it is so heavy in the floral notes makes it unisex to feminine, so this is a tough sell for a man to wear.  Still, it's a pretty composition with decent projection and longevity, and is probably a pleasant warm weather option for a woman.  I'd pass simply based on the how floral this is.

6 out of 10
neutral An interesting orange blossom perfume, indolic and painted green with neroli in the beginning.  It's quite salty, which is a bit of a modern touch.  It eventually dries down to a neroli/orange blossom mix over sweet soap, a mixture that reminds me of Giorgio Beverly Hills, though the salt and a hard-to-describe sort of roughness sets apart Neroli 36 from Giorgio's loud but perfectly coiffed perfumeyness.  As the flowers slowly fade, that salty hot soapy body smell comes in, bringing Neroli 36 into Fire Island territory until the florals dissipate altogether, leaving a weird salty soap base.

All in all, Neroli 36 does some interesting things.  I generally don't feel completely comfortable in heady florals, but it's actually all that salt and the kitschy hot-body-in-the-shower novelty smell that have dropped this from a thumbs up to a neutral.  It's good, but not for me.
neutral This is a pleasant, fruity, mildly floral scent that side-steps around the woodiness of neroli and the assiduously avoids the narcotic heaviness of florals.  It hints of jasmine --without the indoles -- and orange blossom -- without the hairy, animalic beastliness of orange blossom.  There's a heavy dose of Calone making it fresh as an ocean breeze.  Its better and far more interesting than most mainstream fruity florals, but I like the animalic qualities of jasmine and orange blossom and the woodiness of neroli too much to give them up.
neutral Anyone expecting a neroli based composition or a revisitation of the classic EDC, be prepared for a big disappointment. Neroli 36 is a slightly weird, transparent and subtle floral/aldehydes concoction that shares more similarities with Secretions Magnifique than with an Eau De Cologne (the matallic/watery feel is quite similar indeed). Not as challenging or shocking as the ELDO, but way too far from matching my taste.
neutral Sometimes this is a thumbs up, sometimes a neutral.

I enjoy it best when its raining out.  Seems to harmonize well with rain in that it also smells like wet sidewalk, a bit of soap, and salt water/ocean.   

People who like clean marine scents or get happy associations with the smell of wet sidewalks should give it a try.  People looking for Neroli might get disappointed.
neutral This is such a strange fragrance on my skin! Neroli 36 doesn`t remind the smell of Neroli, as others mentioned in the reviews, but it`s more of a floral metallic ambered strange creature, where the neroli aroma seem to be evoked by combining a green citric jasmine with a soapy orange aroma. The opening is the most strange thing, where you have a blast of calone without having an aquatic aroma. The aroma is strangely oceanic, slightly milky and i was shocked when i noticed that if you isolate the strange aspects of Secretion Magnifiques this is quite similar. Then, a citric floral aldehidic jasmine goes on focus, supported by a light but persistent amber fragrance. The combination seems to evoke part of the first feminine fragrance of Dolce & Gabbana, because of the aldehidic floral part, and the ambered jasmine of Alien, but with less amber and more jasmine.  There`s also something of a soapy rose, that after two hours come on focus and brings part of the calone back to the perception. Neroli 36 is like one of those fragrances that seems light at first, but that you`ll notice it the entire day in a strange mixture of flowers, ambers, aldehidics, metallic and marine aspects. Tumbs up for the complexity, tumbs down for being far from what the name suggests and for not being so pleasant. The overall experience seems sort of neutral.
positive Very well done. Didn't think the Jasmine note would work well the other notes. I stand corrected. The coffee note in this is a plus. 7.5/10
positive I don’t feel it resembles Opium in any way, but it does resemble the floral gourmand fragrances on the market, with a beautiful -is it wine?- twist. It makes me think of a sweeter and cheaper version of Noir de Noir by Tom Ford. 
Great performances. 
positive Southeast Asia is one hot mess.. Literally.

With all thay humidity, dust and smoke from the traffic it is impossible even for an oil based perfume to last for at least 3 hours.

I am impressed with Black Opium. I did not intend to buy this, I was looking forward to get a bottle of Hypnotic Poison but it's always out of stock in the Philippines.

I have this sort of body chemistry that when a perfume is heavily floral or fruit based. The smell changes in an unimpressive scent. I am a vanilla base note person.

So, at first all that blossom, pink pepper and jasmin will hit you. Surprisingly I did not smell any coffee it just went straight to what I am looking for.. That pleasant vanilla scent. And sticks I don't know but I'm sure wearing it for.more than a week.now and I work from 8AM to 8PM at worst and it's still.there! Sweet vanilla scent and very delicate &#128077;&#128077;
positive 
This scent starts out with a wind of white sweet florals and pear with a pinch of pink pepper. Very ‘good girl’ or ‘goody two-shoes’ 

Then it spirals down into darkness of night and seduction. 

In the middle notes there is a heat of incense and woods, mixing with the fading florals and dying pear 

As it dries down it becomes an almost Marshmallow fluffy vanilla sweetness but the smell of the woodsy incense lingers behind it.

I can see where people get the sugared and creamy  coffee  in this, but I don’t per say detect coffee, it’s not acidic or bitter but rather a sugary treat. 

The longevity and sillage on my skin are impressive, people know me by this scent and I get compliments often. This has become a signature for me. 

Side note:
My man wears Nuit de L’Homme Intense by Saint Laurent daily and I think the two Black Opium and Nuit de L’Homme compliment each other well. 

positive Fell in love at first sniff.  Distinctive coffee and vanilla smell that I usually fall for.  Not too sweet or overpowering  and it lingers nicely.  
positive I have to give this a neutral because I expected more from YSL.  I won't give a comparison to original Opium; there is none.  It is as though YSL wanted to jump in, on the "Sweet Style scent" bandwagon.  

The first hour of wearing I get vanilla, pear, jasmine, and orange blossom.  Too much vanilla for me.  After awhile I detect bitter almond and licorice which makes it easier to live with.  Then finally when this has settled on my skin I get nice cedar and cashmere wood.  

In summation, it comes off as a cheap-girl scent for a couple of hours.  Then it begins to show more promise as a scent, recognizable as an offering by the house of YSL.
positive The notes in this are mostly synthetic it seems, but still.. it had good lasting power and sillage. The notes are coffee, white flowers and vanilla. Drydown is wonderful; slightly woody although I don't sense any patchouli (mentioned by a previous reviewer), but this is NICE ....real  nice. All you need is about 2 drops
positive I've never tried the original Opium and I usually don't go for designer-name fragrances, but was so pleasantly surprised when I tried a sample that I decided to buy a bottle. Although it's commonly recommended as a winter/evening fragrance, I think it's a pretty versatile scent. It's sensual but doesn't scream "sex bomb". Floral but not "flowery". I was looking for a scent that was more refined than what I typically go for but not formal. I love the patchouli and orange blossom notes. The white florals are probably why so many people think it smells like a lot of other popular fragrances out on the market right now. But unlike a lot of other popular fragrances, this doesn't give me a headache and I like the spicy/woody notes that are probably a nod to the original Opium. 

The scent typically lasts about 4-6 hours and I love how the scent evolves on my skin the longer I wear it. When I sampled it for the first couple of wears, I don't smell very much of the coffee notes but I definitely smell the vanilla. But then when I bought the bottle, I could smell a little bit more of the coffee but it wasn't strong. I've read some reviews that say it smells like a Starbucks. Again, the coffee is just hanging out in the background and almost undetectable to me. The smell overall is not acidic. It is an uplifting sort of fragrance, but the spice/wood notes mellow it out. Overall, I would recommend as a versatile feminine fragrance with warm sensuality.  
positive   This is nothing like the original "Opium." The only thing it shares in common is the name, and really, this one belongs to a completely different fragrance family! It's primarily a mixture of black coffee, sweet smelling flowers, cedar and patchouli, making it kind of hard to categorize in fragrance families! Initially, when I first sprayed it on, it reminded me of "Feminite Du Bois" by Serge Lutens, and it does have some similar qualities to that scent. "Black Opium" is much sweeter though, and also has an almost edible, gourmand Christmas fruit-cake quality to it as well, at least to my nose, and on me, it does! Some of you might think that sounds horrible, but to me, I have to admit, this is one of the nicest smelling perfumes I've ever had the good fortune to come across! Like the Serge Lutens fragrance, this one also seems classy and chic (to me.) Like the original "Opium" it shares it's name with, it also simultaneously seems warm, sexy and sensual at the same time! It's definitely a great perfume, and I highly recommend trying a sample, or trying it at your local department store or Sephora today, if you haven't yet! I think it's really worth it!  
positive My wife just purchased a bottle of Black Opium for the fall-winter weather.  I like the orange blossom, dark chocolate and jasmine notes in this and it seems to hold up very well in terms of performance.  The spices, vanilla and patchouli provide a further gourmand base effect, which reminds me of a warm winter drink.  A slightly plummy coffee note over a dark chocolate and vanilla bean.  It's a good cool weather scent, but my preference is still for the deeper, more elegant Tom Ford Black Orchid.  Black Opium will still do well in more casual activities of holiday shopping, house decorating and running about with our kids.  Thumbs up for me.

negative The floral top notes have a synthetic-generic sweet vanilla undertone on my skin that is quite unpleasant and not helped much by a rather indifferent coffee note in the drydown.  The base with its cedar-patchouli again is fairly generic and unexciting. Silage and projection, however, are good and I get five hours of longevity, but overall this is a very disappointing flankers to someone who like the original quite a lot. 

neutral This smells lovely and unique on me; lots of pepper, vanilla, and patchouli with that hint of coffee. It has good sillage (projects but inoffensively) and longevity too. However! I've noticed Black Opium changes so much based on your individual body chemistry, more so than many other perfumes I've tried. On my mother, it smells just like super sweet berries with a hint of something bitter. It's not bad by any means, but it's not what it smells like in the bottle or on me. It smelled much more generic on her. That's why I'm rating this as Neutral; it's really important to test this one out beforehand to know what you can expect. 
neutral Black Opium has a strong heart,  what coffee can do for a cheap scent. Black opium has heady everything, forming the illusion of  an intoxicating scent,  but really-just resting on its laurels.  A bit. Nonetheless,  its top notes are fun and fully sensual, almost naturally grounded by the warmth of vanilla,  patchouli and cedar wood. The result interplay is the beginning of a night on the town.  Nice enough of a story for  Black Opium's composition. 
neutral I was so disappointed with this perfume. I was so exited to try it and them when I did I couldn't believe just how weak it was I was expecting an explosion of sexy scents and instead I got absolutely nothing
 I could barely smell it on my skin......the best thing about this perfume is the advert on television....how misleading that advert is. Nothing sexy about this perfume what so ever. Never mind
neutral This warm, woody vanilla reminds me of a cross between CK Reveal and EL's Modern Muse Rouge.  It's nice, but it's not Opium, black or otherwise.  Starts off strong, and rather promising with pepper off-setting the sweetness of the vanilla.  Too soon, however the drydown becomes a familiar musky sweetness that, despite the promise of coffee, is rather bland.  
neutral  Black Opium is supposed to be a "Rock 'N' Roll interpretation" of the original Opium (that rich and storied, often even reviled work of art). And surely it is, at least, for those of us who, when asked who first comes to mind when hearing the phrase, "Female rock legend," says, "Taylor Swift."

  This is neither terrible nor original. It is soft as cotton and has no edges. It has mass appeal for the younger generation who grew up in cities and have no idea what real plants smell like. It is Yves Saint Laurent desperately hoping they can stay current and that no one will notice that the superior Belle en Rykiel was released a full eight years before Black Opium. So it's not a terrible thing, but come on guys- it took four head perfumers to copy something that already existed and repackage it for gullible youths? What happened to the firm that gave us Cinema and M7? Don't give up on yourselves just yet.
neutral The subtle, "fruity/aeriform" (lot of pink pepper indeed) and almost linear YSL Black Opium (apart a faint spices/patchouli veined shy background) has almost nothing to share with the higher and far more complex Vintage Opium (darker and hypnotic for real) having indeed more (conceptually and not only) in common with such juices a la Cavalli Nero Assoluto (which is worst), Chanel Coco Noir, Lady Gaga Fame or Maria Lux Deeply. The central accord is in my opinion afforded by a combination of spices (pink pepper and saffron, probably cinnamon), orange blossoms/jasmine, honey, musky vanilla and coffee. This accord is kind of plummy (such orange/plum/apricot/orchid/jasmine sambac like.....alias mostly galaxolide mastered), warmly floral, aerial, balmy-cosmetical and sweetly spicy. A note of dark coffee is well connected with patchouli in order to provide a dark raw undertone despite coffee plays anyway mostly a rounding role (side by side with tonka)  in my opinion and the aroma sounds not properly dark. The dry down is softly vanillic, still fruity and musky under my nose, nothing in common with the great mystic complexity of its really spicy-oriental predecessor. Synthetic, boring and almost candied. Nothing new under the sun guys. Rating 5/5.
positive 
The opening of mint/apple plus a touch of lemon is exceptional and hangs around, eventually giving way to some vanilla in the drydown. I had no preconceptions of Eros going in and was pleasantly surprised. It does strike me as youthful and a good upgrade choice for young men looking to smell classier than drug store body sprays and fragrances. I consider it small bottle worthy and will likely consider repurchase when it's gone. It is a scent that is fresh enough for spring/summer and rich enough for fall/winter. Good for the office if not over sprayed and definitely indicated for date and club use. Thumbs up. 
positive A remarkable fruity and crisp apple with cooling mint at the beginning, and then the appearance of aromatic Tonkabean and the alluring sweetness of Vanilla.
One of the best creations of Aurelian Guichard.
positive A beast mode fragrance, minty with incredible performance! 
positive This is the scent that got me into fragrances. I never bothered learning about them prior. My friend just smoked a joint and I picked him up to go to the gym. He had then just sprayed something on him. It smelled sweet and fresh at the same time, it was amazing to me. I asked him what it was: he told me, "Versace Eros". Showed me his 1.7 oz bottle. I immediately bought a bottle when I got home later that night. I knew nothing about how popular it was or when you were supposed to wear it, but I loved it and still do to this day. The mint and apple in the opening is beautiful to me and the slightly woody vanilla in the sweet dry-down is addictive. I don't really like overly sweet smells in general, but this kind of sweet if you don't over-spray is a really tolerable enjoyable amount. 

Longevity of my batch from 2019 is great, I find that the consistency of both the old and new batches carry and maintain a great longevity, for me its always around 8-10 hours. 
Projection is WELL-above average for a edt. Its great and definitely will project and get you compliments. 

Scent: 9/10
Longevity: 9/10
Projection: 9/10
Versatility: 7.5/10 (I love the scent, but I don't think I would wear it as an everyday scent, you probably could though as depending on how much you spray)

Recommend? YES 100%
positive This scent thoroughly flummoxed me - through two edits, I started an annoyed neutral, went to an outright thumbs down and now I'm back to a thumbs up with some caveats. 

The best way I can describe this fragrance is to compare it to a Roald Dahl book - it's a big friendly giant. There is nothing subtle or understated about it, especially in the base which is big, boorish and sweet in an endearing way. 

For some reason, the first night I tried this the tonka, ambroxan and vanilla were utterly overwhelming and that formed a negative impression I've struggled to recover from. It was unseasonably hot, so that could have been the impetus for my initial ire. I also really struggle to pick out the cedar notes, which is seriously disappointing to me as I'm a huge cedar fan. 

Having said that, at the right time and in the right setting, this is a lot of fun. Two sprays only for clubbing or date night, especially in colder weather. 

It's a shame the opening doesn't linger a bit more, as I found it to be bright, lively and on the pleasantly sweet side - the dry down is heavy and heady, which normally isn't me at all, but I've come to appreciate this for what it is. 

Given the fair price of admission, thumbs up. 
positive The overall impression is of candy floss. The mint and lemon keep things bright and lively, but when combined with the Tonka bean and the vanilla, the effect is delicious. Not classically masculine in the least, but very appealing to the younger set in the way that sweet, fruity wines are. Ambroxan (Venezualean?!?) is the synthetic version of ambergris, which that keeps the base salty, oceanic, and lilting. Geranium gives it zip, and a wan cedar serves as the anchor. Oakmoss and Vetiver? Can’t find them in there. This fragrance is all about the initial impression.

*This was a daring composition because it is essentially a gourmand for men. Only one other commercial men’s fragrance that I know of which managed to pull this off- Givenchy’s Very Irresistible for men. It became a cult classic but was not generally well received on account of its Thin Mint cookie note, and was quickly discontinued (whilst the more classic woodsy rose of the women’s version marches on to this day).
positive I am trying to compare apples to apples with another fragrance Le Male Ultra Male. Seen a lot of reviews on these two before I added both to my collection. Both have the same idea in terms of idea. Eros is a beast when comes to initial projection and keeps that mode for quite a while and smooths to creamy and less sharp at the end. Le Male is balanced to be not sharp but smooth right to the end. Eros is very sharp right on first spray. May have to be the apple that gives it that vibe. I have recieved compliments on both however Le Male is more seductive in nature. Both are great for out doors however at work, if you chose to use Eros, limit your spray to a max of 2 as you may cloy others. I have it in my good list as I enjoy these scents.
positive This one is another one that shouts out “LOOK OVER HERE!!”... especially in the opening. The 1st stage bursts out with vanilla notes, and definitely calls out for attention. When it mellows into stage 2 its a sweet, proud swagger that women absolutely love. It’s an absolutely awesome frag, but it’s not for everyone.
positive I liked this fragrance when I tested it at the shop where I purchased. When I got home and wore it, I was confused. Was it too minty? Was it too strong? Am I too old to be wearing this? Then after a few days, I settled into it and now I really like it. It smells better to me after the dry down, when it mellows out a little. It's a nice scent and I will be using it frequently.
positive It honestly was only a matter of time before the house of Versace also jumped on the ambroxan/norlimbanol bandwagon of male fragrances with synthetic ambery woods bases, as dictated by the always trend-setting Chanel (for better or worse) with their Bleu de Chanel (2010) penned by Jacques Polge on his way out the door. Versace has always been one step behind everyone else in terms of male compositions in the perfume industry (where trends are concerned) after the unfortunate passing of Gianni himself, since he often was hands-on with these because he wore them himself, and Donatella let the company sort of run itself for quite some time after his death, particularly with male-oriented products because she had no knowledge in that area. Every now and then something quirky comes down the pipe to keep us interested, and Such a scenario was the case with Eros (2013), a fragrance seemingly built up from the work on Versace Blue Jeans (1994), but perhaps improved with the removal of the powdery core which I find too annoying to ignore. This is Donatella's first hands-on with a masculine fragrance, with Aurélien Guichard tackling Eros as it's perfumer, and since he's becoming something of a house perfumer for Robert Piguet, I imagine he was on loan for this work. Eros feels to me like a marriage between the ambrox-powered "blue cologne" smell established by Bleu de Chanel, and the sweet semi-oriental synthetic night club tones of Paco Rabanne 1 Million (2008), merging a cool opening and warm base with a Hell of a lot more sugar and spice. Something like this combination suggests would make a fragrance which appears deceptively fresh upon first noticing, then grows rather warm and smothering quite quickly, but if it's meant to pull double-duty in both the office and the club, a lighter hand can prevent it from being the "beastmode" projector that it otherwise can become. The gorgeous bottle in which this is presented merges the color schemes of past flacons, like the aforementioned Blue Jeans, and the Medusa-head motif as seen on bottles like Versace The Dreamer (1996), with a Greek frieze-style patterning along it's sides. Even people who hate this stuff love the bottle, and I can totally get why, as it pretty much screams "VERSACE" at you from the counter. 

Eros opens with mint, lemon, and green apple, all of which I can detect and which hearken me back to the 90's when these notes were more common among masculines. The fruity sweetness countered by the citric bite and coolness of lemon and mint respectively is particularly 90's inspired, and is where my mind makes a connection to Blue Jeans, with it's "citrus cocktail" that's basically a mojito in disguise. Eros also follows with geranium just like Blue Jeans, but where these two differ is in the development past the top and part of the middle, as the powder tones of Blue Jeans are excised to make way for tonka and ambroxan which both are unusually early to arrive in Eros. This uncommonly rich middle phase is the direct result of using what have been base notes in most other scents as heart notes in Eros, but that comes with a price: this stuff really blows the doors off compared to it's other ambrox brethren. Dior Suavage (2015) may win the battle in sheer volume with it's norlimbanol overdose, but for a fat and almost intimidatingly sweet bass riff, Eros wins the day, and will thrum along for days especially on clothes. The base of cedar, norlimbanol, and vetiver isn't dry enough to counteract that heavy-handed tonka and faux-ambergris in the top, which is further supplemented by vanilla and oakmoss in the base. One thing is certain: anyone wearing Eros is definitely trying to make an entrance, and possibly a statement to boot. I'm not saying this stuff doesn't smell good, but you're more likely to have a bad experience with this if it's on a more-casual fragrance wearer, because they're not going to be skilled enough with application to know how much is enough, and thus Eros joins the ranks of bombs like Pierre Cardin Pour Monsieur (1972), Bogart One Man Show (1980), Lapidus Pour Homme (1987) and Joop! Homme (1989) where a warning label for application should be included for public safety. Suffice it to say sillage is nuclear and longevity is eternal on this one. I'd say keep this to the clubs, as it has less versatility than it pretends to, but it's the first truly stand-out creation from this house in a long time, plus the only modern one really worth dropping into a department store to sniff.

Eros will obviously not appeal to the older fellas who stopped caring about any designer fragrance the day oakmoss was restricted in 2011, and still have PTSD over the use of calone in the 90's (come on guys, really?), but for the man looking for a rich and sweet club hopping tune that smells different from the blood orange bomb of 1 Million or the revered gay club icon that is Jean-Paul Gaultier Le Mâle (1995), this might do the trick. In colder months, with much lighter application, Eros might also serve in place of Bleu de Chanel as an office scent, since it carries the "blue pleasantness" of mint and citrus, but has a beefier base which makes it more formidable when the needle on the thermostat dips below comfortable levels. Even in this scenario, I'd be careful if your job keeps you indoors a lot, because Eros has almost an almost horrific amount of lingering power, and the trail you'll leave from office desk to copier and back might make some sort of unintentional scent boundary if you don't watch where you spray. Eros succeeds in delivering the ambrox/norlimbanol trend in the brash House Versace style, and although they have since released several lighter, more aquatic, and totally tepid casual playthings since it's release, this is still the best one outside of their classics for a guy that wants to shout to the world that he never gave up on the Versace brand even after all the rock stars stopped endorsing them. I feel Eros is a missing link to the 90's heyday of the label (which many particularly-set-in-their-ways old heads don't like either) for a house which has had trouble finding it's direction in the 21st century from a fragrance perspective, and it's a good base from which to work, even if there actually haven't been any flankers of Eros since it came out. There certainly isn't niche quality in this, but definitely niche levels of performance, so Eros is also good value-for-money in that department, it just has about as much subtlety as  Batman crashing through the skylight, so be warned.  Thumbs up for this odd mix of fresh and loud.  
positive This is rather remarkable, need to use in small amounts but the essence is inescapable. I use it when walking out and about. Hit a single spray of Le Male with it, very nice indeed. 
positive Cool, minty and sweet. Also, a strong performer that gets noticed. Very similar to LeMale Eau Fraiche (Superman/Popeye). Ladies do like this and it seems suited for a younger crowd but if it makes you feel good, wear it. 

The performance is so good that this can become cloying if over-sprayed. Projects and lasts all day with the best projection coming in the first 4-5 hours. 
positive This cologne is bomb af. The longevity of it is insane. It will start out smelling like fresh apple and lemon, then periodically it will smell like sweet vanilla.
positive A new take on Versace Homme, which is fine with me.  Makes it a little more creamier.  A true hit.
positive I think this one is given a hard time unfairly so.

It is what it is. It's no masterpiece. But what it does offer is a freshness, Great projection/longevity & a lovely mint/vanilla combo. Great for clubs and bars. If you don't take yourself too seriously then you will/can learn to like it!!! 
positive I bought this fragrance as a clubbing/night out scent.  I find this to be a projection beast that cuts through other fragrances in the area.  If you want to stand out this is the right fragrance.

In the opening I can smell a lot of apple and mint with hints of the vanilla.  The midnotes tend to lean more toward the vanilla and apple.  The base is a warm sweet vanilla.  

This is not a very flexible fragrance and can really only be used for nights out.  Overall I love this fragrance and would give it a 9/10
positive Versace Eros is a masterful fragrance and a must have alongside other Versace fragrances such as ‘Dylan Blue’, ‘Dreamer’ and ‘Versace Pour Homme’. I am reviewing a new bottle of the EDT version which has been reformulated, not the Eau de Parfum concentration. 

The initial blast is vanilla, tonka bean, mint, and sweet fruit over a base of vetiver and woods. I don't get any lemon or flowery notes. It smells natural, high quality and projects extremely well. If you're not a fan of vanilla, mint or tonka bean, you will not like this fragrance. If you are, then this is a great scent you’ll instantly love. Women absolutely love this scent and go crazy for it. 

The middle and base are pure vetiver and cedarwoods, with the ever present vanilla and sweet notes. With a liberal application of ten sprays (neck, chest, shoulders and wrists), I am getting about 10-12+ hours of longevity with great projection and sillage within in the first six to eight hours. Then its a subtle but ever present scent for another four to six hours. It stays on clothes and fabric for at several days up to a week or two depending on the application.  

There is certainly no beast performance or nuclear sillage here anymore thanks to reformulation, so I am guessing people here are recently reviewing the EDP version or vintage bottles which last quite a bit longer and perform even better. But make no mistake, even the reformulated version has  very good performance. 

This smells very similar to Jacques Bogart's 'Bogart Pour Homme', which I also own but has slightly better performance and costs half the price of this. It also reminds me of JPG's 'Le Male’. 

I will likely add the EDP concentration to my collection, plus a large 200ml vintage bottle of this. Its definitely more for nightlife and clubbing situations, very youthful and sexy in that sense and gets TONS of compliments. I would likely only use it in these type of situations. Women seem to love it so whatever works. High recommended. 
positive Nuclear, nuclear silage and just monster projection!  It does smell nice but wow, please go easy on the trigger with this one - it's aggressive!

One spray under the shirt is absolutely plenty, this stuff is dangerous to apply on exposed skin.

I bought this because I needed a clubbing fragrance (I go clubbing once a year but that's beside the point..) and this fragrance seemed to fit the bill.

It smells exactly like the pyramid describes - goes on strong with lemon (bitter oil type), then the mint comes to party, closely followed by crisp apple and then huge tonka and vanilla for the dry down.

The real star of the show, the note that comes out screaming and never stops is the massive top chemical note. I don't know the correct name for it but wow, it's here in extreme amounts - it dominates everything and just never gives up.  I heard this chemical is used to stop nose blindness.  It's so strong and powerful I can actually feel the chemical on my nose...I'm not joking!

Go easy on the trigger and this bottle will last you several lifetimes.

**Edit**

I've been wearing it for a few days now and I now have completely changed my mind on it.  I love it.  It's not an aventus masterpiece by any stretch of the imagination.  It is on the other hand, a perfect work fragrance.  Just 1 spray under the shirt and it lasts all day - I'm not joking, it's still there and just as strong 12 hours later!!  The chemical they use in it stops you getting nose blind and it gives off a nice 3 foot smell radius around you.  It's very inoffensive and it never gets cloying.  

Highly recommended and it's jumped into my top 5 favs.
positive so far, this stuff is amazing, i wasnt to sure of it when i first smelled it out of the bottle... but after trying it on, it was amazing.

im using a sample from scent bird, but id like to get a regular size bottle.
positive First of all, women love this. I'm gay, so that's not a big draw for me, but it is for many others. (It's androgynous enough that I'd recommend it for nonbinary people or butch-spec women looking for their first cologne.) 

This is a predominantly sweet fragrance. Personally I find it clean rather than cloying, thanks to the apple. I absolutely love the opening--it dries well, but nothing can compare to the head. It does noticeably change in tone when it dries, going from cool-bright to warm and creamy, but the mint lingers longer than you'd think and is amazing with the tonka bean. When it gets to the base, the cedar grounds the vanilla delightfully. Overall, it stays interesting and layered throughout. It's complex, but still accessible. 

This scent definitely has personality, so it's not for everyone. There's something glamorous and elegant about it. If you don't want a cologne that "says something," then you don't want Eros. And even if you do want a cologne that "says something," you might not like what Eros is saying. This is one I'd advise against blind buying unless you're 1) a big fan of sweet scents or 2) a bottle collector. 
positive I got this on a blind buy because the bottle is cool. Not a good idea to do, but I got lucky and am pleased with it.

This is a beast. One squirt will last you all day, and people can smell you before they see you if you're not careful on the trigger. I'd recommend spraying it on your chest under your shirt, otherwise you'll cause migraines.

Onto the scent. The first thing I smell is mint. It smells just like if you held mint leaves up to your nose. Apple and lemon is supposed to be in the opening, but I don't smell them.

It usually dries down between half or two hours. The vanilla is really rich, and the mint hangs around a bit. I'm tempted to refer to this as a classier version of Axe Dark Temptation. It can cover about the same situations as axe as well. I would definitely call this a "party" fragrance, and you could also use it for romantic situations if you don't overdo it.

This isn't a very flexible fragrance, but it can cover those two situations quite well. I'd give it an 8/10. 
positive Double Plus Good!!!

Everything that Drakkar Essence should have been.
positive Great fresh opening of random mint..clean Apple.. Settles into a vanilla/filthy strange sex smell mid section then twenty minutes later relaxes in a medley of Tonka top notes reverse. Not an overly dominant vanilla either just a nice creamy finish to a crazy concoction, continuous dry down of creamy vanilla crazy mint ever so slightly bubble gum? Projects fantastically.. so go easy.. Reacts to body heat so gets another life in a gym or club.. Overall an excellent all rounder. Quite oily on the skin hence the projection and sillage. *Update* I really am growing to like this more and more for it's honesty and versace core philosophy of camp class :s. Overall tho this is the best idiotic night out scent there is .

negative 2 sprays and you will be transported back in time to your early teens, you know, the insecure glory days. 

Hanging out at the donut shop, sporting tight trousers and applying half a can of Axe body spray with an itchy trigger finger. Good times. 

0 stars. 
negative I acquired a bottle of this under batch code# SA422 and I must say I'm not impressed with Eros by Versace.

I get an opening slightly fresh of mint then it's coated over by a lot of vanilla. I get green apple, cedar, and little ambroxan in the blend. Occasionally the mint peeping through the vanilla body of this fragrance.

I get about 8 hours of light projection with this fragrance so it's no performance beast. Eros to me scent wise isn't unpleasant...but it's a rip off at cost. It's an office and casual wear fragrance. This fragrance has a lot in common with the Penguin/Musingwear apple based fragrances that were designed before Eros and are about $20.




negative Tried it in a store after seeing it being hyped by youtubers recently. 

It's a good aquatic but in a way it's sort of like a glorified Axe/Lynx product. You know, the blue/marine/aquatic ones like Marine, Apollo and Click. Eros is a lot like the shower gels of aforementioned. Which is not a bad scent and back in my teens I always thought Axe's shower gels actually smell better than their body spray counterparts. 

That's what Versace Eros is to me, a very good aquatic shower gel scent (although done more naturally) with the longevity of an EdT. Would have loved this as a youngster in the late 90's but it smells dated now. 

Need to mention this one's stingy on the Ambroxan to me, keeping it from entering that Sauvage and Invictus vibe that's currently marketed as being the best and most modern way to smell. 

Minty and aquatic, barely perceivable leather. Coumarin and geraniol like Axe/lynx only not as much of it.

negative Boy oh boy where do I start. So I was interested in Versace, because of all of the positive reviews, just like Bleu. Big mistake. 
Eros, is very sharp and harsh and syntheticly sweet. It gives me a headache, and it is just too much. 
Unless you are in a club, where pretty much ANYTHING smells good, this is not pleasant. 
There is Strong lemon and some VERY synthetic smell underneath that is headache inducng. Thank God I just bought samples, I will be happy to give them away to guys I know that go clubbing. 
negative I will start this off by saying that vanilla is not one of my favorite notes, however, I like it in certain situations (JPG Le Male, for instance). This is nothing but uber sweet synthetic vanilla and mint. If you like super super sweet scents, you will like this. I'm not sure I understand the hype around this, though. It seems like it attempts to do what Le Male does, but it doesn't quite achieve that euphoric mix. I've tried wearing this several times and it's super cloying. I can't imagine this working in the super hot humid southern US summers. Like I said, if you enjoy sweet vanilla you will probably like this, but I would definitely recommend trying it before you buy it. 

neutral Its got a sweet ambroxy vanilla mint thing going on.  It is gaudy in bottle and scent.  It really does smell quite good, and people like the smell of it in general.  Good lasting power and powerful projection.  Feels juvenile and unrefined.  
neutral Versace Eros

Well not much I can say about this one. 

Pleasant smell, fresh... People pleaser. 
Not to complex. Dries down from Minty Apple... To a nice Vanilla base sweet Tonka base. 

Overall Scent 5-10
Longevity 5-10
Sillage 5-10

Around 8hrs with good 2hr progection
positive I actually really enjoy this. Quick story on it....went into the only place I have locally that sells fragrance(a small Macy's)back in early 2013. And basically went around sampling everything I hadn't got my nose on yet...and honestly, this was the only frag that caught my attention out of everything I sniffed.

I know when this scent came out it got a lot of hate....but I see people starting to come around on it. I kind of understand why some don't like it, since its nuclear strength and mostly just apple, mint over a dominant vanilla/ambroxan overload. But I can't help it, it holds a special place in my collection. I will say this is one scent that after I wear it, I'm good for awhile before I rock it again. So my 100ml bottle with probably last me several lifetimes;) I find it to be a good compliment getter for me as well. 
positive Smells nice! I'm surprised this has so many negative reviews as it's not much more than a sweet, pleasant scent with a smooth synthetic mint note up top and a healthy heart of vanilla and ambroxan. It dries down to a vague and sweet woody base. While it's certainly not unusual or complex, Eros doesn't feel cheap or poorly composed either. Within its genre, Eros works well. Projection is good, though I think reports of Eros' nuclear strength are exagerrated. It has a medium range projection on me, and lasts for about 8 hours. Think along the lines of a more reserved One Million, Invictus, Le Male, etc. Easy to wear to work and casual social events, Eros offers a quieter mint alternative to the sweet and ubiquitous woody-amber colognes. Thumbs up. 
positive Salutation.

I am not a big fan of VERSACE fragrances but truly this one is really nice,much better than Versache PH and Eau Fraiche for me.I love this scent it says:Eat me!surprisingly pleasant and other words Modern,Sweet,Aromatic, Interesting and Charming.

Aromatic freshness of green apple,lemon and mint Precede a cute and charming hert of granium and tonka bean,this notes are wrapped in low notes of manly woods and rich cedar with a tender touch of vanilla that result is like a hug from a loved one that soothes throughout the day.like anothers VERSACE fragrances the opening is so better than dry down.

This EDT is positively delicious smelling the sexiness is blended with a beautiful,playful casual hair. EROS created after a young and free-spirited modern muse.It makes you feel fun,fantacy,young and flirty.Nothing a masterpiece but a nice choice.

Sillage?Ok.

Longevity?Good on my skin.

6.75/10
positive Lasts long. A transparent vanilla/gourmand that feels better than Rochas Man (which I do like, sans chocolate notes). Three sprays lasts all day for an American warm spring day. It does feels "messy" however it makes me keep smelling it to figure out what's going on with it. Several people have complimented positively on it.
positive If this was a song, Nick Jonas would be singing it. It's not challenging, it's not complex, it's extremely sweet, and it seems like teenage girls would like it. It's not a work of art but if you're looking for a loud, "clubby" scent this is a strong contender. I compared this to Spicebomb, 1 Million, and Pure Malt and chose this. 
positive I'm a sophomore at Notre Dame and have had my female friends judge twenty-some fragrances at this point - this one destroys everything else I have. This one seems too strong and cloying for me but they might not let me live if I don't get a bottle. Curse you, Versace.

I think it's safe to say that this is the vanilla One Million. Projects and lasts like a monster, obnoxious beyond belief, and is a 20-something girl magnet. It'll be a sad day when I'm officially too old to wear this life-hacking cologne.
positive The fragrance may be a kind of trash - but it is a trash that works! Thumbs up for longevity! Best of all I owned so far, outperforming A*Man and 1 million. Got it as a pack or perfume/deodorant and deodorant longevity is also very good.
A perfect working man fragrance.
The only drawback is deodorant being supplied in exactly the same glass bottle as EDT so you have to check what are you putting on. I'd like to have a deodorant in a convenient metal case.

positive So much bandwagon hate on this one. Is it just the name "Versace" that turns you off from this fragrance? I love this one, it projects and LASTS! However, I believe it was recently reformulated, and wasn't as good as the "vintage" juice. 
positive If you're looking for something revolutionary, this isn't the fragrance for you. 

While it's fine to look for something super complex, I don't think its fair to over look what can be a nice scent because it isn't the exact fragrance in your #1 wishlist.

With that said, lets get into the details. When I spray this I get a citrus (lemon not orange), floral scent with smooth traits. It has some sweetness but it isn't a sugar pit, as time goes on it gets more smooth with a dry down of tonka/vanilla. It still holds to some floral/fruity mix and you can get the cedar in there some what (although I don't know the difference between virginian and atlas cedar).

The best way I can convey this scent is there's this jar of lemonade sitting in a window sill on a breezy day. There's some herbs floating in the liquid, a flower or two floating at the top, with an overall herbal trait to it, including some mint. The wind blows and you can smell a sweet blend of the sugar mint in the lemonade mixing with near by grassy flowers  by this log cabin house. 

I give it a 8.5 out of 10, if you have a few vanilla fragrances, or you dislike tonka etc. you probably shouldn't go with this one, but it's definitely worth giving it a couple of wears before ultimately deciding. Everybody that has smelled it on me so far has loved it. The projection is below average (my skin tends to do this to fragrances) but it lasts a good while on me (surprisingly). So this is closer to the skin most likely. Enjoy.
positive I really like this fragrance. It starts off sweet, but that quickly settles to a really nice and subtle clean scent. My girlfriend loves this.  I received this as part of a gift box, and when layered with the after shave and shower gel, it really comes into its own.  The cologne on its own without the layers might lack a little projection.
positive I've avoided this for a long time; all the while knowing it smelled good. I was finally talked into giving this a go. I'm generally not a fan of tonka, but its nicely done in this application. This is a perfume for garnering sex appeal. Though I feel YSL L'Homme is a tad less synthetic, I prefer Eros over it and One Million. There are a lot of negative reviews, but so far I like it and will wear a few times hoping that I retain the same feeling about it. Always remember to explore for yourself and let your nose be the guide. 
positive versace eros is one of the better expensive colognes out there I have worn. sweet smelling fragrance that last for hours. you feel elegant wearing this. a good companion to armani code. if you want more masculine colognes your best to stick with those classic drugstore brands. seems every famous clothes designer got into the cologne and perfume business from dior to laurent to versace to armani to valentino etc.
positive I have to say I agree with all the reviews here, good and bad.  I just received a gift set of Eros for my birthday, so I now own across two bottles, approximately 5 ounces of the stuff.  There was no return receipt, because I would gladly exchange this for something I love.  But you know what?  It's growing on me...I'm kind of craving it in that way you do some scents.  Like you need a fix.  Hold on, I'll be right back...
I just sprayed some on.  It goes on like a supersonic candy shop; but that quickly dies down and the more subtle, grown up cedar notes make their presence known mixed in with a touch of vetivery-lemony sub-sub notes.  It is quite a bit like Rabanne's 1 Million (which I think is just Tenere with some added ingredients) but I like it much better.  I thought 1 Million was one of the most perplexingly overrated scents of the last few years and I love Senor Rabanne.  
Versace's Eros also has a strange sour undernote which I quite like.  Clearly this was a slapped together, by committee, as AndrewtheCologneGuy said "...a combination of the last 3 or 4 top selling of the last decade" scents.  But they got it right.  Or they got lucky.  Or we did.

negative I made the mistake of spraying this on myself while browsing through Macey's. Ugh...I had to continue walking through the mall with my wife while the stench of this stuff clung to me like a bad nightmare. I got nauseated within about 40 minutes and by the time we left the mall, I was almost ready to beg for someone to turn a fire hose on me. It is far too strong and cloying in a very bad way. The only positive is that the bottle looks very cool. Eros means romantic love, but the name of this scent to me would have to be "Miso", which of course would be Greek for "hate". Big thumbs down...
negative Not very creative! but I appreciated that in the sample I received there was the olfactive pyramid explained and the olfactive family quoted. A good way to inform and disseminate the culture of perfumes. 
negative WAY TOO STRONG!
This can be used a clubbing scent in the same spirit as 1 Million, Le Male.
I cannot imagine a mature male using this in an office environment or at church as it would be too cloying.

It's not a BAD smell; it's just overwhelming and ever-present (like Axe).
Maybe it will burn itself out in a year.

I can imagine those under 26 or over 65 wearing this to "make the scene" in a club as they unnecessarily yell into your ear "CAN YOU SMELL MY COLOGNE?".

negative 10 minutes after spraying this on, it wasn't hard to determine Eros' target market....15 to 20 yr olds, looking for attention.   This mess will compete with the worst of scents in any tight room.   If that's your need, knock yourself out...  

Truly awful stuff.
negative Eros is another uninspiring release from the house of Versace. It opens up with citrus-fruity accord and smells good for the first few minutes. But then the tonka bean, vanilla and other notes set in, leading to a gourmandish mess. It is in the same ballpark as modern clubbing fragrances such as Le Male and 1 Million. In this particular olfactory niche the bar for being a decent composition is rather low, but this one still misses the mark. 

The bottle looks good, the cap outright tacky. 
negative Welcome to the factory of vanilla powder. Pure trash. 
negative I've tried this one from a sample for the last week, on and off. It's exactly what you'd expect from a mass market brand - utterly bland, designed to be characterless so as to offend as few people as possible and thereby to appeal to the widest market. It's "nice", up to a point, but it's also instantly forgettable. It doesn't create a mood or enhance one's spirit, it doesn't intrigue or elevate. It just sits there being polite.

Give me something with distinction any day.

1/10
negative Don't like it. It kind of gives me a headache. 
negative The usual tiresome, sweet, fruity, synthetic, charmless, obnoxious, loud dreck.
negative The bottle is a masterpiece, but it goes downhill from there.

I was expecting a quality masculine aquatic but this is sweet, sickly perfume in the style of 1 Million. Avoid if you are over 18.
negative To be fair, Eros isn't as bad as I expected.  I assumed from the blue bottle that it would be just another "bleu" Windex aquatic.  Don't get me wrong - it IS a Windex aquatic, but the harsh chemical smell is tempered with mint and lavender and paired up with a sour-milk caramelized marshmallow smell instead of the ubiquitous grape drank or fake citrus that scents like this usually use.

That being said, I haven't really liked Eros.  It's REALLY obvious that this was some marketing team's attempt to make something that smells like One Million and, even if it were more unique, I just don't like that sharp Windex chemical smell, and I dislike it even more when awkwardly paired with Angel-esque super-sweet notes.  Oh well, more for the youngsters...

neutral I can't seem to get past the fluoride mouthwash vibe from the synthetic mint aroma molecule. I've heard others say Eros gives them a headache but this has not been my experience. Versace Eros is a good sweet, creamy vanilla fragrance however I do not find it designer quality. Good performance, but definitely not worth the price. I would wait for it to show up at discounters if you really feel the need to add this to your collection. The quality is not there. If you want sweet and creamy without the mint, you can purchase CK Reveal Men or Mont Blanc Individuel for around $20. 
neutral If the metallic notes weren't so pervasive, this would be more wearable. There's quite a bit going on, but the more warm, subtle pieces seem to get lost on me. Would be ok for a club or date night, but then so would most any cheaper, generic fragrance. The base notes are nice, but by the time I get there, I've had enough. Too strong for my taste.
neutral Eros opens with a fresh and minty accord (apple, mint, citrus) surrounded by the usual metallic-ozonic notes, however supported by a pleasant and slightly less predictable (for this type of scent) base of warm, rich, aromatic spicy-woody notes (tonka and cedar above all), sweet and quite “round”, perhaps due to tobacco and/or patchouli dusted with vanilla - the “uncommon” side is that these notes smell actually good and solid, more than the average in mainstream scents. I smell a couple of “niche” nuances here, for example the ambroxan note which provides a “modern” feel of dusty grayness (quite reinforced by aldehydes) – not far from several niche products of the recent years. Also, another “niche” factor to me is some of the contrasts this scent is built on – the tart-mint head opening and the almost gourmandish base, which is quite sweet, warm and resinous, and smoky too. Overall it smells safe and crowdpleasing, but if pay attention and smell it more carefully, it’s not as common as it may seem. And it’s definitely decent. Plus, Eros has also an unexpectedly nice evolution too: instead or remaining identical and just getting drier and lighter, it gets softer, warmer, more resinous, actually more pleasant as hours pass, once the sharp metallic-zesty opening fades away. I’m wearing it since a couple of hours, and now is remarkably better than before. Nothing great and nothing new, but not bad and not (too much) boring. 

6,5/10
neutral A better version of Chanel Allure Extreme. It has more of everything and doesn't pretend to be a flanker of a flanker of blah..blah..blah. There's a little more of everything and but ultimately it's a loud and pretty obnoxious fragrance. Fits right along side of 1 Million as a clubbing or attention fragrance, but does it with a bit more of a synthetic quality. This is sweet, but from the reviews I was expecting along the lines of cotton candy sweet which it isn't. No bad really, but it's an acquired taste.
neutral Too sweet, can't imagine smelling this on a man...
neutral I didn't expect much when I blind bought Eros

a pleasant surprise - the bottle and packaging is a stunner; but the scent is even more intriguing. Granted it's not something that you would say 'masterpiece' or something similar - but it do smelt good. Eros is a good blend of vanilla and tonka with addition of mint; it would remind you of any sweet scent because it IS sweet, but doesn't mean that any scent smelt like 1 Million.

Eros smelt odd even for sweet fragrance; initially I felt disturbed by Eros scent but lately I found that Eros have moderate to good projection (which mean less offensive for most people) and great longevity (it stays in skin for 8 hours - a record for me!) definitely better than Versace Pour Homme

All in all; a good fragrance if you want something for close-counter fragrance in club, it smelt nice and draws compliment especially in the drydown
positive ooh! intense, warm, rich, intimate. For me it's a cooler weather choice or a special occasion.
positive The 1980's was full of big perfumes, and newly-appointed house perfumer at the time Jacques Polge needed to make a big perfume to compete with the likes of Yves Saint Laurent Opium (1977) or Giorgio Beverly Hills (1981). Already having achieved a new paragon of masculinity with Antaeus (1981), Polge needed to repeat a similar success in the feminine segment, an objective that eventually lead to the creation of Coco Chanel (1984). Obviously titled after the late Gabrielle Chanel's nickname, Coco was meant to channel the strength of will and businesswoman aesthetic of the house founder, and indeed contains the essence of her often-terse and condescending manner as well. Coco is not a friendly perfume, not happy, but full of the kind of bold animalic vigor that shoulderpad blouses and teased hair of the decade often signalled to hapless men who stood in the way of the take-charge middle class 80's woman. Polge blended both opulent florals and heady spices in a note-packed kitchen sink style similar to perfumes of the early 20th century, which was a rare move for a perfumer who would later become famous his conservative restraint and plush blending, making Coco as much a young "show-off piece" as Antaeus was.

There are simply too many notes to sift through them all, but the opening of Coco demonstrates a similar aldehyde rush as the legendary No. 5 (1921), but with angelica, pimento, frangipani, and mandarin giving a sweet zing that is very feminine and fruity in the start. The very indolic heart of jasmine, rose, tuberose, cascarilla (coffee seeds) and neroli is delicious, with some iris and ylang-ylang to sharpen things up. Midway through this veers gender neutral and curious men who love animalic perfumes will start finding reward in Coco at about this point. Heavy animalic honeyed sourness of civet and styrax merge with incense elements of opoponax, olibanum, sandalwood, musk, and patchouli, while labdanum, oakmoss, and vetiver bring in a chypre-like golden focus near the end. I can't always discern which notes are doing what as stated above, but knowing the characters of each and how they mingle, the "big picture" Jacques Polge paints isn't hard to see. This is a fruity floral oriental animalic chimera which comes in disarmingly saccharin sweet at first before turning the lights down and bringing out the leather straps. Feminine to masculine, light to dark, friendly to Faustian, that was Gabrielle Coco Chanel in life, and that is also how her posthumous namesake perfume is as well. 

This was likely an office perfume in the 80's, since everyone wore everything everywhere, but with the increased social consciousness of perfume use in the 21st century, Coco is best worn in evenings for romantic gatherings or just personal enjoyment. This oriental kaleidoscope works surprisingly well in all weather thanks to the brightness of the top and warmth of the heart, plus a lack of cloying notes like vanilla or tons of amber to cook on skin. Eau de Parfum is richer and more-suited to ladies, while the Eau de Toilette is sharper and a tad more raunchy, making it the better bet for men. Any version is suitable as a unisex oriental, but knowing CISHET predilections, I make my suggestions thus. Polge would settle into watery or fruity florals for women and ultra-blended semi-orientals or woody ambers and fougères for men through the rest of his career, but like with Antaeus, he really let the horses out of the stables with Coco, and it's wonderful; ravishing even. Time has taken its toll on some of the animalic heft in more recent batches of Coco, but all versions are still the strident "don't mess with my success" 80's estrogen bomb as intended, so go easy on the trigger when testing or wearing. Thumbs up! 
positive Chanel ‘Coco’ is the powerful business women. There are only a couple of people in the world on her level. She is the definition of command and control. In a field full of obnoxious, arrogant, ego centric people dominated by men and women alike, she is the only one who is of her kind. Gentle yet firm. Dressed in an obsidian Parisian chiffon clad flowy A-line dress imported from France, her long bare neck is embellished with a single Cartier diamond pendent, tiny dangly crystal encrusted drop earrings are adorning her ear lobes, shimmering under the glittering chandelier whenever she moves, she is dangerous but also elegant and has grace like no other. Her hair is luscious and smells intoxicating. However, get on her wrong side and you will see just how much power she truly has. She is a force to be reckoned with. She is not an employee but more of an employer. Executive of a Fortunes 500 Company, she does not play around. Having one assistant won’t cut it when helping Coco run her enlarged empire, that’s why her 3 assistants, Coco Noir, Allure EDP and Chance EDP are always present and ready. Ready to take on the world and accomplish whatever that needs to be accomplished. Even attending parties. Coco knows when to work and when to party and she won’t deny her assistants the opportunity to strengthen business ties and have fun while doing so. 

This is what I envision everytime I smell coco edp
positive It's all in the attitude. This may have been marketed for women but when it dries down, the notes bring a spiciness to it that makes it truly gender neutral if not eminently suitable as a masculine scent. A couple of spritzes to the chest does me nicely.

positive Coco Cola. Coco is dark, sweet, fizzy and classic, and cola-ish. It is rounded and ripe, with the spice of a boozy Christmas cake that has spent three months luxuriating in a tin. It also has hints of an orange studded with cloves, another Christmas treat. But just like Coca Cola, the recipe is impossible to reverse-engineer. 

It reminds me of a time when people smoked in cinemas and perfumes were necessarily stronger so they could rise above the curling silver clouds lit up by the projector. It suits a good coat with a brooch and silk scarf.
positive Very vintage floral mix. Potent. Gorgeous. 
positive Hygeia by Gustav Klimt
positive Mesmerized by this
Growling tiger of flowers,
Spices and resins.

positive This is in regards to vintage Coco, eau de toilette.  Coco is one of those rare ones, for me.  Every now and then I try a perfume I don't care for at first.  Then it grows on me, a little.  Then I like it more and more, as I wear it.

I don't smell any stand-out notes of mimosa, vanilla, Tonka, or orange blossom here.  Everything else, seems just fine.  This reveals itself to me in layers.  It is "old school" and I like that.  I may procure another sample, for further wearing's. This, like Mitsouko, are slow to win me over...
positive Vintage edt: Dreamy perfume to my nose, especially the opening and early on while it's still strong. I love perfume from the 1980s, and this is one of my favorite feminine fragrances overall, a delicious sweet floral.

The vintage parfum version is also a treat: a modern-smelling, fruity floral that smells like fresh, clean laundry.
positive Vintage COCO (84) EDP.
COCO is the goldilocks "just right" of Orientals. Old luxury is a slightly understated, quality experience. That embodies COCO.

In its historical genre there's Opium (77), Cinnabar (78), Diva(83), Teatro Alla Scalla (85), Incognito (92).

Review for Vintage COCO EDP

COCO is the most balanced in the genre. There isn't a main ingredient you can point to and say "thats what dominates in COCO." That is its true strength. She is all her own done in Chanel style. You can see echoes of Diva and Opium within her DNA, yet balanced and refined for the Chanel house.

Her spices are never overdone, her fruits are luscious, the rose is a beautiful feminine addition. Its as beautiful as an Oriental can get. She will be loved because there isnt a part of her that stands out too much, or not liked for not having a distinct identity and perspective. Perfect example of a well crafted, strong, classy, non offensive benchmark in perfumery. The only reservation I have is when hunting the vintage, in my experience the strength fades overtime.
positive This is gorgeous and I understand why it is such a classic. There is such incredible scent development and smooth transitions.

Coco opens with bright mandarin, something akin to orange blossom and is supported by opulent rose and jasmine. After about 20-30 minutes the sparkling citruses dissipate, the florals deepen and a very smoothed spice develops. There is also a mild sweetness in the background. Not sugar sweet, more of a vanilla bean which is rounded out by a touch of powder. Roughly 8 hours later it is still very present. It has softened and the creamy sweetness of the vanilla bean and powder is more prominent. The strength of this perfume is in it's balance. Everything that is loud or soft feels like it is meant to be that way, like a well composed piece of music.

Sillage is moderate to heavy at maybe around 4-5 feet and lasting power is incredible at 10+ hours (outdoors in dry/cold weather on dry skin). 

I don't go through bottles of perfumes....but this I could see buying multiples. It's a classic for good reason.
positive What an interesting scent! It's as sophisticated and elegant as one would expect from Chanel, sparkling with aldehydes and with enough self-assurance to support its eccentricity. It lingers in the mind and reminds me of...something, I don't know what: an evening long ago, a garden breeze at night with crystalware tinkling in the distance, a torchlit veranda...something. It's edgy and romantic at the same time.

Coco is available in EDP, EDT and parfum concentrations. The EDP lasts for 24 hours on my skin, without losing any of its structural integrity throughout its development and drydown. When Coco finally fades away, it does so without reverting to the rubbery synthetic smell that I've noticed in the last stages of most reformulations: it is very much like a fine vintage fragrance, rich from beginning to end, with perfectly blended floral, fruit and spicy notes (similar to Opium, but more stately). 

One reviewer said that Coco smells like old-fashioned cough syrup, and I understand that perception; for me, though, there's enough going on here to lift it out of the medicinal family of notes, and set it apart. Coco is an unusual beauty which needs to be appreciated with an open mind, on its own terms. I find it simply stunning.


positive Coco literally came into my dreams last night, which is fitting because to me it's always been an ethereal fragrance. The opening is loud, sweet, and a little spicy. As it heats up on your skin, the subtle florals come out, until it falls into it's slightly spicy-vanilla drydown. There is a certain note in Coco, along with Antaeus and 31 Rue Cambon that always smells off to me. I attribute this to the labdanum, which I'm not crazy for. It feels a bit dry and dusty to me. It's worth noting that while the opening smells nothing alike, Antaeus and Coco definitely share a similar dry down. I prefer the bath products for this reason, as they have more of the heart and opening, and less of the dry down. In liquid form, I've owned the parfum, and tested the EDP and EDT. For me, the parfum and EDP are the best, and I find the EDT a little anemic for me, but if the others are too strong you may enjoy it.

positive Salutation.

Unique as you are.COCO is one of the most influential creations in the whole of perfume's history,it is really beyond words...Everything about it spells drama,opulence,striking features and indulgence of the senses.This legendary perfume definitely makes you feel like you are worth more than a million dollars.Memorable,Rich,Special, Ladylike,Exquisite,Sensual, Glamorous,Spicy,Classic and Very French. 

It is rich and sophisticated with hints of orient spices.COCO starts with notes of pomegranate blossom,peach and orange blossom that is fresh yet strong,adding a garland of tempering elements with a soapy vibe(orange blossom and rose)and some spices(clove and clover).the unforgettable and warm base notes full of animalistic civet,tonka bean,amber and vanilla which projects it is seductive message "i am all woman,come sit by me". 

I would truly recommend it for anyone who wants to turn heads in any room.COCO is for the outgoing and excellent personality of the perfect lady.definitely for Autumn and Winter and a Special Evening.Looking great and smelling great is always is in style. wearing COCO will make you smell great.In fact COCO and a wonderful outfit,will make any lady look and smell wonderful.

Sillage?Superb. 

Longevity?Amazing. 

8/10
positive I first bought this for myself when I was a teenager and I love this. It has been my signature fragrance for years. The newest reformulation has me glad that I have two bottles of EDP I bought back in the nineties. I bought the Parfum this last year and love it. I would highly advise anyone buying this to go for the Parfum instead of the EDP or EDT. You won't be disappointed.
positive Genre: Woody Oriental

Coco was Chanel’s contribution to the bevy of dense spiced amber orientals that helped define 1980s perfumery, and I find it hard to discuss without reference to its earlier counterparts, Opium and Cinnabar.  All three lean heavily upon cinnamon, cloves, opoponax, and heady rose and orange blossom, but coming from Chanel, Coco is more refined and elegant, less dense and garish, than either of the others, and hence much easier to wear. 

Coco’s amber is less dark and viscous than Opium’s or Cinnabar’s, its clove is less pronounced, and its opopanax is less exposed and angular. Fewer spices and a persistent sweet citrus note brighten Coco’s heart, and the floral accord is softened by a powdery mimosa that plays no apparent part in the Lauder or the St. Laurent. Together with a more prominent vanilla in the drydown, this powdery accent rounds and softens Coco’s contours, rendering it more pretty and slender than its rivals while at the same time aligning it more closely with the Chanel house style, as established by No. 5, Bois des Îles, and Cuir de Russie.

While no fragrance in this style could reasonably be called understated, Coco comes closer than most. Sillage, projection, and endurance are all ample, but next to Opium, or even Cinnabar, Coco seems downright retiring. Whereas Opium and Cinnabar, applied lightly, make perfectly fine masculine orientals in the vein of Jaïpur Homme or JHL, Coco always strikes me as more gender-specific. On the other hand, its relative sense of proportion leaves it much more viable for today’s women than its more flamboyant predecessors.

positive Review for the EDT.

I absolutely love this one! A warm, spicy, sensual oriental. I love how this smells. In fact I actually think this is unisex. Cloves, Spices, Amber, dark resins, creamy sandalwood, I can see this totally working on a man. I also see this much in the same way that I would something by Serge Lutens (whose perfumes are very rich and heady and are inspired by Morocco).

The fragrance itself opens up to me with a blast of cloves, I also get a type of orange blossom smell, and peach or plum (dried fruit accord). I also detect Jasmine, and Jasmine is actually my favorite smell. There is also some prominent rose, but the base is where it all happens; resins, amber, vanilla and tonka, dry sandalwood... it's all there, and it's very very evocative! 

I've heard that Jacues Polge wanted to evoke Venice with this perfume (just as Shalimar was inspired by India and Opium by the Middle East and Southeast Asia etc.), and I can totally see Venice in this. Italian, Baroque and also Oriental, with spices and rich, warm sensuality. Jaques Polge himself would later refine the spices (along with more wood, leather and tobacco) to create his eventual masterpiece "Egoïste" released 6 years after Coco.

I remember trying the female Opium EDP and I think this is a lot more wearable for those who couldn't wear that. It's Chanel, and a Chanel is never too loud, it knows just when to stop and hold you there, without being too loud or overpowering. In fact to my nose Coco is like a spicy, exotic, oriental version of No. 5; and just like No. 5, it makes a statement. It's grown up, it's mature, but also sensual and in-control. It's for someone who knows a little about life and is experienced both in mind and body. Someone who isn't afraid to be who they are, instead they celebrate it.

I don't know if that description helps, but that's what Coco brings across to me. Warm, sensual, passionate, loving and even a little amount of danger at the edges. It takes guts to wear this, but it's totally worth it. Pure Emotion in a bottle.
positive How does Coco manage to smell fruity when there are no fruits listed in its ingredients? Masterful blending and the use of damascenes. Spicy, sweet, strong and warm.

Barbara Herman's notes are somewhat different from those listed above:

Top: Mandarin, Pimiento, Coriander
Middle: Rose, Carnation, Ylang Ylang, Cinnamon, Orris, Patchouli, Vetiver, Sandalwood, Tuberose.
Base: Olibanum, Amber, Benzoin, Vanilla, Musk, Honey, Civet

This is not a demure scent. It is right out there and in your face, like Patou's Joy or Lanvin's Arpege. Turin calls it "elegant spicy" and gives it four stars. He also points out the new use of damascenes, which smell like "complex dark, dried fruit."

This is an ultra-feminine scent for a mature woman. Guys, stay away - not even remotely a unisex scent.  Quite fine and for me, Chanel's best scent for women.
positive This is absolutely beautiful. Albeit not for the faint of heart, wearing this around sensitive noses will bring out a myriad of complaints about allergies and headaches. 

The EdP version is the only one I've worn and the inital blast is a bit much. Sharp and downright unpleasant, even. But give it an hour on the skin and it blossoms into the most beautiful, spicy, radiating scent. 

In my everyday life, Coco is a bit much, and a little too attention-grabbing (not many 20-somethings will wear this one after all...), I've taken to wearing a little bit of the lotion, which is very true to the fragrance and actually projects like your average EdT even when you only use a little. 

Highly recommended! I could see this working on a daring man too, actually. It's not girly, even if it's feminine in nature, and it's just beautiful all around. 
positive This is a great '80s perfume that has been sadly eclipsed by its far less interesting younger sisters, Coco Mademoiselle and, more recently, Coco Noir.  Soapy florals and a delicious cinnamon-flavoured dry-down make this a lovely winter smell.  When I'm wearing it, I imagine myself snuggled up in a leather armchair with a wool blanket keeping warm by the fire as the snow falls outside.  Unlike its younger siblings it does not aim to please by being overly sweet - it makes no apologies for who it is.  Yet unlike similar fragrances from the era, it does not overpower.  Coco is high on my wish list.
positive Ahhh Coco. The perfume that rescued Chanel for me.  As much as I love and respect No.5 on other people, it smells stale and sweaty on me. As with many of Chanel's creations, I was forced to admit that they just didn't suit my chemistry.  That was until I met Coco.  The ingredients, top notes, middle notes and dry down have been articulated far more accurately and eloquently by others here.  All I can write about it how Coco makes me feel.  She is a winter fragrance for me.  Whenever I wear her, I feel lava hot, invincible...and pretty darn foxy.
positive A classic floral/oriental with a spicy soul, the Jacques Polge's trademark and an impressively charismatic aura of elegance and gorgeous spiciness, something familiar to each of us, evocative about a left back feminine type of "radiant mystery" once swirling around in the air constantly (almost everywhere) and nowadays veiled (I mean unfortunately replaced) by the "new-age" common gassy/chemical orchidea (or stuffs like that) based modern insecticides. Yes, Coco is extremely elegant "at distance" (logistical and temporal), is massive, mystic, velvety, somewhat impenetrable, slightly aldehydic (i suppose) and subtle in the background (a backwardly emerging floral/spicy patchouli spark in the middle of musks, indolic floral notes, woods and balsams). I definitely agree with Foetidus as i detect a forceful soul of spicy patchouli (cinnamon for sure), almost addle (somewhat fruity) rose/jasmine/mimosa (the latter just noticeable by me in the top) and amber, the first approach being deliciously fruity (I detect peach and orange indeed in the top), spicy (more than vaguely Cinnabar jumps on mind, I detect the aromatic coriander's influence among ripe and mild spices) and with a thick and animalic mossy (labdanum) background along the base which nails the aroma down among the classic spicy/boise hystorical chypre. A coconutty/tobacco spark emerges vaguely from the final mossy and fruity-spicy amalgam. The patchouli is stout, rosey, slightly earthy, hesperidic and spicy till the end, representing under my nose the royal backbone of this old-school ambery floral chypre (the complicate intricacy of Tabu and Youth Dew come partially on mind on the final stage). Class and refinement dominate the scene with this textured and "fragrant" potion. Sillage and longevity deserve a commendation for sure. Coco will be forever a potion created to elevate each "measured" woman on the stage of Queen. 
positive #5 but better and more complex	I love this perfume; there is nothing else to say, in the end. One of the first "real" perfumes I ever smelled was Chanel no. 5; it was nice, but after all the hype, I was a little disappointed. I liked the newer, (then) trendier Obsession better. When I first smelled Coco in 1994, I felt as if Chanel finally got it right. Like so many scores of others, I detect a close kinship with 5. Along with that, there is a deeper feel to Coco, and the drydown is heavenly. For some few people, the drydown turns a bit sharp, but it is a chemistry issue rather than a fault with Coco's formulation. Although it was created in the 1980s, it is a lasting classic. Just as with any scent, you should be fine in the office as long as you don't douse yourself. But you might want to! Good anytime, but excellent in cold weather and for (classier) evenings. Not too formal, but appropriate for formal occasions. You will have to decide for yourself whether you like it in hot weather. I love it anytime, but some people think it's too strong for summers. Give me Coco any day over the boring one-note concoctions omnipresent these days. Layers well with real vanilla oil. I need to get some more of this and try it out with something like Wish or Angel. Coco strikes me as amenable to the gourmand side of things.Pros: Very likeableCons: It might not work with your chemistry"
positive Absolutely amazing	This is my favourite scent by Chanel, I can't help but smile each time I remove the bottle's cap and treat myself to two or three spritzes of the EDP. The opening is a delicious blend of amber, peach, roses and other florals. On my skin, the scent gets better with the dry-down ... becoming more 'edible' and warm as time goes by, perhaps due to the tonka bean and opoponax. And it lasts! If I spritz myself early in the evening, the scent is still there on my skin in the morning. Highly recommended.
positive I prefer the EDT, lighter and more wearable than the EDP, too strong and sweet for me(and I must say I love strong perfumes). It has the Chanel elegance and is very complex and feminine. A masterpiece.
positive I've worn COCO body cream (the one that comes in the clear glass box with the blackand gold screw on top) ever since I read a descrition of it in 1984 when it first came out.  It has been my signature scent ever since - I only wear the body cream however the purfume does not smell the same on me.  I've had countless strangers ask me what I wear and several of my girl friends have tried it including my sister =  Interestingly it DOES matter what your personal chemistry is with this fragrance - not everyone can wear it.  None of my friends can wear it - It doesn't smell the same on my sister either - who loves how it smells on me.  THere's nothing like COCO - I absolutely love it - I feel like it was made just for me.      

negative I wore this in the 90’s when it was rich, deep, and peppery.  I sniffed it yesterday for the first time in 20 years and nearly gagged.  All I got was Dr. Pepper soda pop and Johnson’s Baby Powder.  

neutral I'm never sure if I like Coco: I don't actually dislike it as I do Allure, and the downright ghastly Coromandel and Bel Respiro, but every time I smell Coco, it leaves me disappointed.

When I first tried it in the mid 80s, it instantly reminded me of Opium, though softer and not as spicy. Shortly I afterwards I bought a bottle, as at the time I was very much into Oriental scents, and immediately wished I hadn't: I liked it, but it always felt like it should have developed into something deeper on my skin, but never did.

When I smell Coco now, I still feel there is something missing from this perfume. It no longer reminds me of Opium, but more of a somewhat fruity oriental with a slightly Guerlain-ish vanilla and tonka bean base.

Though it is far preferable to some of Polge's more recent creations, Coco is not a perfume I would ever buy or wear again.
neutral Yankee candle, for winter use.
positive This was beautiful at first. Warm and spicy. I sprayed it on my left wrist and kept sniffing at it, almost compulsively, in wonderment. 

Then, about three hours after spraying, I started having some sort of perfume panic. The smell was getting to me. Horribly. Finally I almost raced to the bathroom to wash off the scent. 

I had to scrub my arm three separate times to get the smell off of me. I almost threw up. 

How many spritzes did I give my wrist? Three. That was clearly two too many. 

I will try again when the mental/physical reaction (AUUUGGGHH GET IT AWAY FROM ME GET IT AWAY FROM ME!!!) goes away. 

It's beautiful. Just way, way too much. 

EDITED: Three months later, I am as one with Coco. Our differences are past.* The repulsion caused by too much perfume too soon has faded, and I have fallen deeply in love with this scent. I wear it when I want to impress. I wear it when I want to feel good about myself, or lift myself from a funk or sad mood. It makes me feel sexy and powerful. 

Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. It shimmers and glows, and enfolds. It invites, it smiles. It is wonderful. 

* I suspect it was the strong tonka bean and heavy vanilla base that killed me when I first tried it. I have had a powerful aversion to strong vanilla and tonka bean. Thankfully, I can handle it now. For others who detest heavy vanilla in perfume, be warned. 
positive Another year round daytime scent for me.  On me it smells crisp & lightly floral, I was surprised that it's considered an Oriental.  The The body lotion is quite moisturizing, not just nice scent in a quickly drying lotion.  If you wear the lotion, go lightly on the parfum or it'll make your eyes water.    
positive I wore this Eau de Parfum just after it came out. I was in High School and my father bought me a 100ml refillable cartridge bottle for Hanukkah. As soon as I started wearing it the compliments just kept coming. 

This is the kind of fragrance that HAS to blend well with your bodily scent for it to come off as beautiful and timeless. I feel quite lucky that this is my personal scent. I put it on and it just blends so well with my natural chemistry that I feel it was made for me.

You should try it before buying it. It just might not smell good on you.

I love you Coco!
positive This is one gorgeous scent, reminds me of Christmas time.  It is moody, spicy, and can be a bit heavy if you are not careful.  To me, this is cold weather scent, and it lasts forever.  This is the epitome of what an oriental fragrance should smell like.    
positive Thumbs was up on this one. Probably my favorite Chanel scent, but I do love the orientals and this one has that spiciness I like.  She is deep and alluring, very sexy. Aredore describes her very well.
positive This is definitely in my top 10 sexiest scents a woman can wear.  It turns my head, in a good way.  Pheromonally attractive. 
positive Coco is the scent I adopted after Beautiful. Beautiful got me through the virginal high school years, and Coco is what I switched to when those years had passed. 
Coco is throaty, and seductive. If Beautiful is what I wear during the day, Coco is what I switch to after work, for long nights out. It lasts the whole time, and leaves a nice lingering scent on whomever I happened to get close to. These days that would be my husband, and he knows when I wear this fragrance, it is going to be an interesting night! It is one he never lets me run out of, lol! There is something about this fragrance that brings out the sultry, that helps you let your guard down and be more flirtatious, this is the "three shots into the night" feeling, in a pretty bottle. 

positive Coco is the smoky eyed brunette to No. 5's red lipped blonde. There's a lot less subtlety and more flippant color. Think saxophones in lieu of pianos. 

Top notes are glimmering orange and vague segments of southeast tropics. It's markedly warm and sweet (perhaps cloying to some) while retaining a great spice trailer. Floral notes like rose and orange flower are overpowered by the dark gourmand ones that come at the end. The drydown lasts forever and ever. Tonka and vanilla are the big lingerers, very thick and strong. 

All spice and syrup, I feel it's the more enigmatic of the 80's oriental princesses. Obsession is too glossy and Poison too fizzy, but Coco is just opaque enough to be the solid winner for its sensible loudness. The wholly recondite sex appeal puts it in the category of covered up eroticism rather than bare skin sexy. Once you remove the shoulder pad and cigarette images associated with its launch, you discover it's truly a modern scent better suited to third dates than boardrooms. 

This all being said, I definitely wouldn't wear it. I would however encourage very hot hot Bettie Page types to buy it in bulk. 
positive Coco is hot stuff!!
Grown up, spicy, glamourous and definitely Chanel! Sillage is immense, lasting power is extremely good, especially on clothes, I can still smell it on my scarf even after 5 or 6 days. 
Coco is what I wanted No5 to be, but I don't enjoy that at all, thank goodness I found Coco, my classic Chanel!
positive (2009) My BF bought it for me for my BD. His says it is his fav on me. I love it too, it is spicy and deep, could have been a little sweeter IMO. Like very few EDP it causes a warm sensation on my skin for hours.
positive Disillusioned with Mademoiselle - which was very specifically targeted towards my age group - I requested a sample of the original.

Good god, this thing is beautiful.

This was back when I wanted to make Shalimar my signature - the smoky citrus-vanilla wore on me like second skin, sexy like a cozy cable knit sweater “accidentally” showing off the lace of my bra.

Coco is aggressively sexy. She’s a big, bosomy, come-hither spicy floral with solid musculature and good bones. Smoky, resinous and rich, I imagine a dark-haired ingénue towering over me in a power suit and heels. Her eyes are kholed and cold. Red-lacquered lips form words through a cloud of cigarette smoke; “You are not worthy.” I cower and slide coco back on the shelf. Such voluptuous magnificence was never meant for uncertain waiflike figures.

Yet I covet this thing I can never be. When I am brave enough to wear it, my nose is glued to my arm, lost in a fantasies of impossible romantic escapades. I am powerful, aggressive, beautiful, transfixing. Desire me. Fear me. I am Coco.

positive I have been wanting to try Coco for a long time and would periodically sniff the bottle when I was passing the Chanel counter, only to put it down without spraying it on. The top notes of this seemed to assault the senses which always put me off. However, my mother re-educated me and said I HAD to wear it to appreciate it, and boy was she right.
On first application this went 'pow!', I've worn No'5 since I was a teen so know Chanel scents have a reputation for having that  BIG opening only to meld into your skin and soften but Coco takes it to a whole new level. I resisted the urge to wash it off and thank goodness. As the middle notes came to the fore I was still undecided if I liked it or not, it was so different to the sort of fragrances I usually love. But by the time it got to the base notes I had decided I most definitely did like it. The dry down on this is soft and subtle and sexy, I *need* a bottle.
positive I'm  men and I know this is a very femenine fragance, but I love it and I like how this wear to me. I don't know why young girls don't use this fragance... This fragance in a party girl should wear very nice.

blame on coco
positive *** UPDATE: 09/22/11  I am definitely more pleased with each wearing! I agree with other reviews in that this one seems to grow on you with time. While I absolutely LOVE Coromandel, Coco is more "comfortable". I can actually see me wearing it to rake leaves, shopping for used books, a date for pastry & coffee. Yes, I like it. :)

Today I sniffed Coco by Chanel for the third or fourth time. Decided to wear it. I took some steps to add a little longevity and I have to admit, I like it better this time. I loved the spicy, "sparkling" stuff at the beginning. The middle fell a little flat. I'm beginning to think I may not like jasmine? Then the base stepped up. I really enjoy the scent's warmth and hint of spice, but must say, I wish it ws "more". More spice, more heat more sweetness, more smoke, more something!

This is considered such a classic, I'll probably try it again, but so far, cannot justify a bottle... 


positive This might be my favorite Chanel. An intense warm floral, for some reason it reminds me a bit Hermes' 24, Faubourg, Guerlain's  Shalimar,  and also a bit of others Chanel fragrances like Bois Des Isles and No. 5. This vanilla and sweet base notes are just glorious!

Pure love. 

I just grew into this fragrance after not understanding it in my childhood. This scent to me now is so welcoming and perfect. I can picture myself enjoying it for many years to come.
positive I really wouldn't classify Coco Chanel as being an oriental spicy scent as I find that description to be very misleading. To me, Coco Chanel is an intense and rich floral.

I had almost given up on Chanel fragrances; I had disliked No.5 and No.19 with a passion and had only appreciated Allure in small quantities. However, Coco was such a sophisticated, feminine, seductive and classic fragrance. 

Coco is elegance and class in a bottle. The opening is a fresh burst of florals and the heart is a gloriously warm and spicy rose mixed with spices.

The drydown was absolutely divine with a beautiful aura of rich vanilla, making this fragrance's composition the result of a very talented and masterful perfumer.

I am far too young to wear this type of fragrance and get away with it, but I don't doubt I'll be revisiting this when I'm older.


positive My favorite Chanel after Coromandel.

I tried this in a provincial department store, back when I was a glum teenager who longed for the bright lights and the big city. I wanted to love it -- I wanted to be sophisticated, to be effortlessly chic just like Mlle Chanel. But I HATED Coco (of course, back then I sniffed too early, and the strong opening put me off). Disappointed, I snagged Coco Mademoiselle -- a scent I loved passionately but have now long outgrown -- instead.

Ten years later, I gave Coco another whirl. I was just starting to understand a little about perfume then, and though Coco didn't grab me, I liked her much better than before.

Today, I tried one more time. And you know... I am so sad I didn't love Coco from the get-go. I'm sad for all the days I didn't spend with her.

Truly, this is beautiful. Truly. I know the word "classic" is dreadfully overused but it DOES apply to Coco. It is a perfect composition. Each note is perfectly balanced, glowing warmly and sweetly, smiling up at you. Coco captures something timeless and eternal -- the exquisite strength of a young woman who relies on no-one, a girl of matchless wit and grace.

What is it about the best Chanels that awaken such deep emotion in me? This is for wet spring days, sleeting winter skies, hungover weekends and quiet introspection.

*****

If you're thinking of trying this because it's a "classic fragrance", but you know you aren't much of a connoisseur (and there is nothing wrong with that), do three things:

1. look for the EDP. Don't start out with the EDT, it's a little too harsh and it doesn't warm up in the same way as the EDP.

2. don't pay any attention to the first few minutes. Coco has the standard Chanel sledgehammer opening -- even if you like the scent of it, it can seem incredibly strong and that may bias you against the scent unnecessarily. Give a single spray on a pulse point, and then LEAVE it. Wait a good five minutes before sniffing.

3. don't berate yourself for not loving Coco immediately. (I know too many girls who own a bottle for the chic factor, but refuse to wear the scent because they "can't stand it". don't do that! it's so silly.) Put her back on the shelf and promise her you'll catch up with her later. Sniff around, shop around, and try her again sometime.
positive Coco brings to mind an image of a party girl.  Think Holly Golightly after a night of hard partying.  But really, it could be any girl who started out the evening looking like the cover of Vogue and ending up a Cosmopolitan outtake.  Her make-up is smeared, her hair dishevelled, she fell into her bed with her dress half off and her panty hose still on.  A brandy glass still in her hand.  She smells of a rich perfume that started out sharp and sexy and now has gone soft and silky.  Her sheets will smell of it for a week.  Even the cat likes it and has curled up under the girls' chin and fallen into the deepest sleep.  
For some reason when she awakens she does not feel as though the night before was a mistake.  She is relaxed, comfortable and cozy.  She drifts in and out of sleep, dreaming vaguely of France, where she's never been.  It's the Paris she's seen in movies.
When she gets out of bed she does not have a hangover.  She goes to her local bakery for a croissant and coffee.  She smells her wrist.  Coco is still there, sweeter than the cinammon bread.  She gazes out into the wet afternoon.
positive This one is pure emotion.
The emotion that one feels when is faced with an absolute masterpiece, a monument of perfumery world.
The "Venetian" oriental, halfway between Paris and the Orient, speaks for itself and it would be presumptuous to try to interpret it with words.
Jacques Polge has earned his place in the Olympus of perfume gods: this is perfumery conceived as an art.
Any perfume lover should test Coco at least once in his life, otherwise you might be missing everything.

positive I find the vintage form to only be flattering on me.  The modern version does absolutely nothing for me, nor does it smell nearly as good.
positive I'm not exactly a wealthy man, and don't have the bigger $$$ to drop on the parfum or EDP of Coco, so I'm reviewing my small bottle of the EDT here. I'm familiar with Coco, No. 5, and several masculine Chanels, and the thing I have to mention whenever reviewing something from this house is that these fragrances are "abstract"; they are not the concise pyramidal formulas of other houses, with easily identifiable top, middle, and basenotes. The general impression left by a classic Chanel like Coco is one of warmth, depth, softness, and quality. The EDT is no exception, although it is much leaner than its counterparts. With that said, I usually don't concur with the notes pyramids here on basenotes, but if ever there was one that captures the gist of the scent, it's this one - Coco does boast heady doses of mimosa, frangipani, and sweet citrus fruits over a rosy heart and vanillic labdanum base. However, none of these notes leap forward to take a starring role. The fragrance comes alive in a sweet and fruity haze, progresses rapidly into an array of powdery flowers, and eventually fades into the sugary mist from whence it came. Somewhere along the way I get a bubblegum effect, which soon trades up to a gauzy leather. Coco is certainly geared toward the feminine, but in 2011 these gender barriers are anachronisms. It is sweet, a little powdery, and a lot floral, but the spare leather effect of the EDT makes Coco a charming alternative to the brutal masculine orientals on the market today. 
positive a very attractive scent for a woman. giving compliments where theyre due.with a slight warmth vanilla cocoa presence.
positive 
I put a dab on filter paper and dropped it in a brandy snifter and covered it. Later, after sniffing out its progression, I put the snifter on a shelf and forgot about it. Two weeks later, when I wanted to test another fragrance, I smelled the snifter with the paper still in it, and got a transparently beautiful patchouli, rose/jasmine, cinnamon, and amber accord. This serendipitous experience was almost as impressive as the scent itself. Coco—stripped to its essential elements—superbly and cleanly elegant and refined…still carrying a surprising bit of olfactory substance.

Coco is forceful—sophisticatedly, femininely, and ornately forceful. It is based on that solid, elegant core of patchouli, rose/jasmine, cinnamon and amber. The other notes—aldehydes, coriander, peach, mimosa, clove, sandalwood, civet, vanilla, among others—are elegant decorations, decadent trimmings, grace notes to the core quartet. My experience echoes tigrushka’s description: “Coco is like the simplest possible Little Black Dress worn with the most barbaric gold jewelry.” Great call, Tigs...

Originally submitted  22 April 2007

positive I began my perfumista journey 2 years ago and have spent a lot of money on hundreds of samples, and had a wonderful time exploring and learning and reveling. Imagine my surprise at having Coco end up being my all time favorite? To me it is the most beautiful, gorgeous, wonderful smell in the whole world, ever and always. Amen.
positive Lovely.  Vintage (not too old - 90's?) EdP wears close to the body, dominated by a dried rose petal note which is slightly powdery & smoothed by underlying vanilla/tonka.  I'd have to love rose more to wear it regularly -- on a friend of mine, though, it's barely floral - oriental resin/wood/spice notes predominate, beautifully.
positive I tried this when it first came out, loved it, and for years wore nothing else. It has taken me a while to get the message that there's no law against a spot of philandering when it comes to perfumes - monogamy is such a waste of time when there are so many gorgeous fragrances out there - but I'll always have a bottle of Coco to come back to.
positive opulence...
positive I struggled in NYC in my twenties - trolling for pennies to buy bagels on the weekend....walking everywhere....dating for dinners..faking until I made it in the fashion industry. One Thanksgiving I was so tired of being afraid and lonely and broke -- and my mother and sister surprised me with a visit. They raved about my courage and my ambition and took me out to eat and bought me a bottle of the latest Chanel perfume, Coco, from Bergdorfs..That smell brought about a beatific moment that let me feel that by God's grace, I would  prevail. I must say Coco contains many 'holy' notes and does smell heavenly.  So whenever I am feeling average or doubt my ability, I remember that Thanksgiving and Coco's smell of encouragement. This is the one I give as a gift when I am feeling grand.

negative I wore this  20 some years ago , but it changed.  It's stronger but in a negative way for me.  I'm not  happy when I wear this.  It smothers me and makes me sad and I don't know  why.  My husband shelled out 60.00 for it as a present and I could not tell him I didn't like it...   There is a secret to this although, spray lightly.  As colors have different hues and shades, so does perfume and this is not a pastel! It's a dark hue.

neutral it's warm elegant and it's a league apart from the other Chanels. 95% of all Chanel perfumehave a cold metallic aldehyde note, this one doesn't it's warm with the opening of spicy coriander orange blossoms semi-sweetmandarin oranges with the predominant noteof juicy peach that which dominates Coco Chanel with nocturnal jasmine and delicate rose.Mimose dries the middle note cloves withit's pungent scent clover with it's earthy greenish note then it become deeper and more resinous with the opening of warm and sweetish amber labdanum petals sandalwood dry with aridtexture tonka bean makes it grounded and of course civet the animalistic styling finishes this scent beautifully.This was made in the 1980's but it has a austere 1940's elegance in a time when there was Wartime shortages simple tailored elegance broad shoulders ala Joan Crawford clean lines and that whatChanel wanted simple and elegant nothingultra feminine girlie with bright flowers just chic independent womanhood.
positive A sweet, minimalist fragrance.  I smell a 70's musk undercurrent.  Just the right amount of benzoin.  The caramel note is not as over-bearing as I thought it would be.  Prada Candy isn't bad at all, really.  I didn't expect to like it.  I imagined it would be tooth-ache sweet and well, it just isn't.

Not too loud, sweet, or dark - it would make a fine gift for a favorite loved one who enjoys perfume but, who isn't a total frag-head like most of us here.  It is just right, for a night on the town, too.  Big thumb's up for a designer perfume.
positive I like how this fragrance lives up to what I expected when smelling something named "candy" but it's not so literal of an interpretation that a single note is all that you get. (like Pink Sugar). I detect the caramel most strongly but there is a nice addition of benzoin which gives it the powdery dry down. The musk is blended so seamlessly that it doesn't even seem to stand out but it just adds something to the composition that keeps the saccharine sweetness at bay, as benzoin is also a resin sweetness that can make something smell a little like powdery maple syrup if overdone. Musk and benzoin together make a low key powder + woods combo which added to the caramel makes it more interesting and still recognizably sweet, but with a little something extra. 

It is somewhat linear in terms of development, but the scent is never overpowering or "too much" at any stage of wear so I do not mind. Sillage is more close to the skin for me, and that is probably due to the musk, but sometimes I like keeping my fragrance close to me and more intimate, which is what someone who considers gourmand/sweet scents a "guilty pleasure" might be happy to hear. This one will give whisps of a sweet scent trail but it doesn't just stick to you in a heavy cloud which allows you to not constantly smell yourself and get tired of the scent. Longevity is all day for me, 6-8 hours, which is about what I would expect from a standard designer scent release. I usually only apply about 2-3 sprays. 

I can't remember if this is an Eau de Parfum of Eau de Toilette and my bottle is not close by to check but regardless I think this is a nice quality scent for someone who likes sweet scents but wants a little more depth to it than just straight vanilla extract or burnt sugar. I've never regretted applying this once it's on, and also is very easy to layer with. 

I recommend anyone to test this scent on their skin but it won't be for everyone. It's a very middle of the road sweet scent so if you find youself on the extreme ends of the spectrum in your gourmand obsession or you just don't like sweet scents at all, you will not enjoy this one. If you can appreciate sweet scents with more going on beneath the surface, give it a try. 
positive I get fruit before caramel. Despite this note, I’d name it a light (only) gourmand. The opening is very alcoholic and clean musky, with a bit of flower as well. The projection could be better. 
positive If you've ever been to Main Street in Disney World there is a little candy shop where they hand dip caramel apples for sale.  Prada's Candy zooms me right back to my childhood staring at the hand dipped caramel Mouse-shaped apples.  Prada's Candy perfectly meshed together Kraft Caramel squares with a British toffee sauce into one cute bottle.  

Burnt sugar and milk together, with a hint of the musk to wrap it together.

Problem is, I don't want to smell like caramel and toffee all day.  Some do, I get that.  Simplistic gourmand, singular scent done well. 
positive When I first sprayed it on the paper, it smelt litterally nothing at all. Then I tried on my skin, same effect, nothing. I walked out of store disappointed and sniffed the wrist on my way home, that's when the yummy caramel starts show its charm.

It's creamy, smells almost pure caramel, slightly salty and sour to balance the sweetness. It's straight and doesn't evolve much, not sophiscated that's sure, but very efficient. It's a cheerful scent for autumn and winter. It lasts 8h+ on me and the sillage is not bad. If you're a fan for caramel, you really should give it a try, and be a little bit patient to well savour it.

I thought the bottle was tacky and the campaign looked silly. But after testing the perfume my mind changed completely. It's such a playful illustration for the perfume.

Originally written in 2013
positive As a girl who is quite obsessed with sugary sweets and products that show off my femininity, I knew I had to try Prada Candy. The name and the packaging seemed right up my alley, so I decided to give it a go. 

I used the little rollerball sample you can find at the department store and walked around for a bit, letting it settle in. The scent is exactly how you'd think a perfume called Candy should smell like: cotton-candy/caramel-y/sugary sweetness. It's not sickeningly sweet or cloying in the least. Combined with a little bit of musk, it gives it a nice note of warmth to balance it out. 

As much as I'm in love with this product, it simply doesn't have impressive longevity. Once I roll it on, in multiple pulse points I might add, it only stays for a couple of hours. However, I recently bought a full-sized bottle, and though I doubt it'll make much of a difference, I'll see how it does when it is distributed in spray form, on my skin and on my clothes. With just the rollerball, I find myself having to reapply often. 

However, considering this is one of the few perfumes that I truly love (a lot of perfumes are much too heavily scented for me and make me feel nauseous), the light, sugary scent of this is worth it. If you don't mind the hassle of reapplying, this really is a perfume worth looking into.
positive Prada Candy is a lighthearted, stupid/clever tribute to benzoin that's exactly calibrated to the point of of maximum resinousness.  Sure, it's sweet, but it's not any sweeter than, say, Shalimar, or most Guerlains, to be honest.  It's not the least bit edgy, but its emphasis on one of the geekiest notes in perfumery is borderline subversive.  There's no fake strawberry or confected "patchouli," and the alleged caramel notes don't smell gooey.  And there's no distracting vanilla.   Do the little girls that buy this know (or care)?  Even the citrus/floral combo at Candy's opening is restrained; it feels, almost, kind of, elegant.  It gives the early stages of the perfume a nice lift before it integrates quite gracefully into the composition, so that (despite its name) Candy smells like perfume and never turns too foody.

This stuff has a way of melting into skin and then just sort of emanating a kind of gentle softness, almost like the texture of a musk--you smell sweet, resinous skin rather than sweet, resinous aromachemicals.  Sillage is discreet, which is right where it should be; this stuff could get painful at higher volumes (benzoin-triggered headaches are the *worst*--for me, they always involve nausea).  And this stuff lasts, and lasts, and lasts; I have no idea what some other reviewers are talking about when they complain about its disappearing from skin.  It has be olfactory fatigue, because I can still smell it at eight-plus hours.

My only complaint about Candy is a slightly plastic musk that occasionally pokes through in the middle stages of wear.  But that bit of weirdness comes and goes, and eventually resolves in a drydown that restates the original resinous theme, garnished with a touch of something powdery that almost feels like iris.  Here as elsewhere (i.e., Infusion d'Iris and its cogeners), Prada's house perfumer Daniela Andrier demonstrates her facility with popular-but-interesting, fun-but-tasteful perfumes that any woman could wear pretty much anywhere and smell good without scaring the horses.

So, overall, Candy came as a pleasant surprise.  It's not complicated, but there's more to it than meets the eye, or the nose--whatever.  It reminds me of Marilyn Monroe (with those ridiculous glasses) in How to Marry a Millionaire--all wide eyes, blonde curls, bodacious curves, and wicked timing--with her quirky intelligence simmering under the ditzy surface.  

And I think the enameled bottle is kind of cute.  
positive It's a simply sweet, candy-like scent, but it's a sweetness that makes me smile and doesn't make me throw up. I find it tolerable on the sweetness scale. Very nice.
positive Is it me or are most of today’s mainstream releases intentionally concocted to wear exclusively close to the skin, with little to no sillage?

Prada Candy is a frustrating example, a luscious gourmand interwoven with an intriguing smoky note that at times smells like burnt sugar and at others like stale cigarette ashes. It’s a wonderful, extremely clever scent, and one that I’d love to wear more often. But the only way I can enjoy is to continually huff at my wrist. Which just looks silly in public.

Edited 2020: 

Recently started wearing this again, and I have no idea what my initial experience with this stuff was about because now it hangs around forever. Which is a good thing—this stuff is fantastic. Upgraded to a Thumbs Up.
positive   Personally, I think both the name of this perfume and the girlie picture on the box are a bit misleading. Both of those things made me think that this was going to be one of those very cute, sweet, innocent types of scents. It really, really isn't. 
  Truthfully, this is a big, bold smoky-vanilla oriental fragrance, done in the same style as Shalimar. Or, in any case, Shalimar is what it immediately brings to mind. It is very bold and very sexy, but not really overly "feminine" or girlie. Actually, girlie is probably the very last word I would choose to describe this kind of perfume. The word "girlie" conveys a sense of "innocence" (to me, anyway) and this perfume is nothing of the sort! 
   It is bold, heavy, smoky, mysterious, dark and very, very sexy. It's great as an evening fragrance or for very special occasions. Although I like it, I don't think I would want to wear it every day. 
  PS: I've been wearing this now for a few hours, and actually, as others have said, this perfume is not all that long lasting. It kind of fades out after a bit. Also, yes, in the dry down I agree that it ends up smelling like ginger snaps! 
positive Salutation.

The name of this perfume describes the scent just perfectly: CANDY!PRADA CANDY tells everything at hello and will have him salivate and ask for seconds with its gourmand,yummy base under the polished charming heart and vanilla,musk and lush top notes of its scent. it smells like a well balanced lollipop not too sweet,not to sour. Modern,Creamy,Powdery, Girlish, playful, Vanillic,Charming and Delicious.

This scent is all about energy and seduction a plyful girl who will be attracted.cheerful and yummy notes of sweet vanilla with tonka bean,benzoin and musk with a sensual creamy base notes of caramel add comfort and warmth to this sweet scent which is as prettily charming as the girlish images that accompany its launch.

It reminds me of something a little girl would wear when playing dress up.this flirty scent is for a young girl to wear as it evoking images of flirtation and fun with a playful and active girl in a coffe shop when you have to eat a vanilla ice-cream.it is a daytime scent in Autumn/Winter.A nice gift for a birthday too.

Sillage?Nice.

Longevity?Above Average on my skin.

6.75/10

positive As others have stated, I'm not sure what prompted me to buy a 1 oz. bottle of this at $68 but buy it I did.  Overall, I like this perfume, I really do.  It is a HUGE departure from my usual "go to" perfumes; however in general, I like Prada Candy a lot.

Preparing for an upcoming cruise, I didn't have the time or the usual money to buy my beloved Aqua di Parma Magnolia Noble or Frederic Malle Musc Ravageur, etc.  So, off I went to Ulta to seek out perfumes.  With the Caribbean in mind and having recently used some Philosophy creams, I had candy, cotton-candy, bubble gum, pink and something sweet on my mind.  Initially, I was torn between Candy and Vince Camuto Amore but I settled on Prada Candy 'cause I disliked Camuto Amore's more floral dry-down.

This fragrance is very warm, dry, a bit powdery, simple & sweet.  Like others, I fail to detect much of this scent after I spritz it on myself; however others DO smell it and seem to like it.  Uncomplicated, the dry-down is definitely a tacky caramel base.  There is musk, vanilla...the usual sweet gourmand array of today's latest "pink" perfumes.  Unlike others, I do not find this fragrance overly strong, intense or sickeningly sweet in any way.

I must reiterate (as others have stated) that Candy is a very wearable, unoffensive, simple & pretty perfume.  I cannot see a young child or teen wearing this...in a funny way, it seems too "old" to be worn by a young person.  With that said, I think it will be fine for the cruise and for the upcoming summer.  Will see how I feel after using a 1 oz. bottle.  Not sure I'd repurchase it at this point in time.
positive This is sweet, but not as much as the name might suggest, and there's plenty of darker notes to add a balance. This stuff is pretty light and non-offensive. The sweetness makes it wearable for kids, but the structure behind the sweetness makes it ok for adults too. It's a little bit of an homage to Chanel No. 5, I think, with the sweetness providing the new signature. 

It smells a little like ginger snap cookies in the dry down.
positive Gorgeous perfume, it receives a lot of compliments but I don't smell it nearly as much as I'd like to?
The bottle is cute.
positive Got this perfume among others for Christmas. At first I thought that I wouldn't like it, simply because of the name 'Candy'--way too little-girl, and I like feminine, bold scents--but I tried it a few times and got a bunch of compliments. It's a very warm, dry, sweet scent. I like the caramel/vanilla blend, but there's an odd background that somehow makes this perfume more sophisticated. Overall, I like it...it's not my favorite, but it's something different, and I might even buy more if I run out.
positive Prada Candy was a blind buy for me, and I'm happy I took the gamble. I love sweet scents, and this is a grown up, more dressy and less "sticky" version of Pink Sugar. Candy is sweet, but also has a dry, powdery hint when first applied. It dries and lingers with a caramel and musk (?) vibe. 
positive Smells like plastic coated in sugar.

I imagine it would attract wasps.
positive I love most perfumes with a strong benzoin note, and vanille gourmands as well. This is heaven for me. I do get the similarities with l'eau Ambree (they seem to share the same base) and Infusion d'Iris though the latter is much to powdery to suit my nose. 

Candy is one I wear to bed dabbed in the crook of my arm at least 4 nights a week. The smell is so comforting and relaxing. I find it does smell very different dabbed than sprayed. It brings out the richness of the scent, and creates only enough sillage to smell oneself occasionally. Sprayed, it can become to sharp for my nose. It's as if the wrong notes come to the forefront, and the lovely base becomes too light. 

For those that think this disappears, I guarantee others can smell you! My MIL wears this, and after one spray In the morning, I can smell her later in the day... she smells fantastic! Also, I can smell this on my laundry for at least two days after I wear it. 

This will surely be one of my all time favorites long after it's popularity dies down. Send all your unwanted bottles my way, I'm hoarding this. lol



negative As a guy, I was curious to check this one out, being a fan of several of the men's scents from Prada.

The opening showed promise, with the characteristic camphor-like benzoin note and interesting caramel rich and sweet note.  It smelled like a decent, balanced oriental lady perfume that I'd not recoil from.  But...

The musk in the drydown has the smell of, well, slight lady's body odor.  It didn't come across as pleasant, but more so animalic in a somewhat undignified, unwashed way.  Too bad: At least from my pov, the musk could have been dialed back more, and the other elements could have stood out better.

Granted, my experience is purely from a male perception, coming from a sample vial sprayed on my hand. Take it for what it's worth.
negative    If you wish to smell like dusty caramel this might be your treat, but I just can't get behind this simpering sweet-toothed creation. As with many foody scents it overstays its welcome, so points for longevity, at least.
negative I received fragrance sampler kits from Sephora for Christmas.  I wasn't impressed with any of the included samples.  I was hoping Prada Candy would be a warmer, richer, more mature gourmand.  Instead, it is extremely sweet and dries to a burnt caramel finish.  This might be okay for a teenager, but I wouldn't recommend it for adults.

neutral This is a pretty scent, but I do not get any caramel in this. Perhaps I'm scent blind to whatever set of chemicals make up that impression. 

This has very strong powder notes with a hint of musk and a warm resinous base. If I didn't already know that there is supposed to be a candy caramel quality to this, I would have never known. I can't tell if I can smell a faint burnt toffee note (with some metallic hints??) in it or if it's wishful thinking. I will admit that I just ate milk chocolate toffee lace cookies. Perhaps that is overpowering the candy notes in this. I feel like I've smelled this once before and had similar difficulties, though. 

On dry skin in warm/dry weather this is a skin scent after about 20 minutes. Nary a sillage and lasting power is fairly weak at about 3-5 hours (determined by my own, as well as a second, opinion). Still, as I said it's a pretty scent, just not really one that reflects "me".
neutral The musk and the caramel opening reminds me of those Big Foot candies I used to get as a kid- synthetic "strawberry", plastic-like. 

Sometimes early on I get a whiff of something that almost resembles CK Be, with strawberry and musk instead of peach and musk.

The candy notes fade eventually and Candy becomes an inoffensive musky, sweet vanilla scent.

My girlfriend really likes it, I honestly prefer her Amazing Grace by Philosophy.
neutral Floral caramel plus candied-plastic-musky benzoin. Pleasant but kind of "anonimous". There is something vaguely minty in the blend, a sort of lingering aromatic-vanillic muskiness. I get the spicy-honeyed caramel, vaguely burnt-sugary, resinous and finally powdery. Caramel seems kind of honeyed, floral-infused (iris, gardenia, jasmine??), vanillic-cinnamonic and vaguely cocoa-veined, the note of benzoin is synthetic and somewhat cellophane-oriented. Appalling bottle. Nothing furthermore to add.
neutral Wow. I cannot smell a bit of candy, vanilla or musk in this. It almost smells like gardenia on me, but not quite. It does smell synthetic. Candy makes me sneeze, so I won't be wearing this and it doesn't smell good on me anyway. It is strange what body chemistry can do to a cologne.
neutral An opening dominated by overly synthetic white musks, with a drydown of strong benzoin-vanilla aroma.  Quite sickeningly sweet on my skin - I am sure sampling it can cause tooth decay. After a couple of hours a caramel base develops that is quite pleasant, and the base is the least cheaply done part.  Good sillage and projection, with a decent overall longevity of six hours.  Good before puberty. 
neutral I do really like the smell of Candy, it is a sweet toffee gaurmond but the throw & lasting power is very poor on me. I have to push my nose right into my skin, exactly where I sprayed to smell so I rarely wear the samples I got.. Not worth the price of a full bottle to me.
neutral Party GirlPrada Candy opens with the expected toffee and candy floss and then settles with a dull thud. I understand that candy is supposed to smell like, um, something that Barbie would wear to casual events and perhaps I shouldn't be disappointed; but I am. After about 15 minutes, the candy note still dominates, and a strange musk starts to emerge--a gross synthetic musk that seems to fight with the cloying c-c-c-c-candy. In 20 years, someone is going to write a review and point out that Candy smells so 2011.
neutral It opens with that caramel taste that you get when it's stuck in your teeth, that juicy sticky caramel.  But it has a fruitiness in the background, almost like there is fruit water somewhere there.  It is interesting how the caramel is ambery and is almost too sweet, but this is balanced out pretty well by the wateriness that feels like a mist of water drops has somehow mixed with it.  Please note:  This is only from the wafting - I haven't got to how it smells close to skin yet!

When I put my nose close to my arm, I get the familiar dry licorice wood of Serge Lutens Un Bois Vanille in there, and there's something almost salty in there.  It must be the dryness of the wood that is making me think of salt.  Either way though, the scent is much rounder and fuller on skin than it is when it wafts.  I will be honest; on my skin, the wafting could get cloying for a fussy person near me.  Other reviewers disagree, but then everyone's skin is different.

It dries down to a drier vanillic resin.  The caramel is always present, but I find the drydown (which occurs pretty quickly) very very similar to Un Bois Vanille (yes, I'll keep mentioning this one), but with a slightly saltier and less rounded drydown. I do like this part, but because I have something similar, I keep wishing the juicy caramel lasted longer.  It's just as well though - I might get a toothache if the sticky caramel stage lasted too long.

I will say this:  The fragrance doesn't change too much on my skin, but it does do something very unfortunate;  it gets eaten by my skin in a very short time.  Now, this would be alright if it were a cheap fragrance, but it's 50 Euro for only 30 ml!!!  Now that would be worth it if there was a) many hours of pleasure and b) some sort of complex development - but there isn't.
neutral I would never have even gone near this if I hadn't been buying a perfume for my daughter. I had gone to the Guerlain counter as any sensible mother would and we tried many. The lovely patient Guerlain lady asked her what smell she liked best and she said 'toffee'. The lovely SA then whisked off and bought her this one off another stand and it brought an immeadiate smile to the young daughters face. Caramelised toffee with vanilla musk and a dose of balsamic benzoin. I think I would rather eat it on ice cream myself, but certainly much less unpleasant than it sounds. It has a certain dryness, like a grown up sweetie more than a childlike one. More gourmand caramel with an orris feel. My young daughter absolutely loved it, so it does have a market.... I cannot give it a green as I couldn't possibly wear it, but it was fairly pleasant. I didn't hate it, and I expected to. It dries down to a really rather sophisticated dry burnt caramel orris musk.
positive Sharp opening.  Tea note isn't bad.  More like a strong tea, with sugar, no cream.  The top is nothing really special for me.  The heart is better, with a deep floral vibe.  Orchid, is lovely and noticeable.  Jasmine?  Nice.  Freesia?  Barely here.  The rose isn't strong, overdone.  Patchouli is sweet.  Overall a lovely "designer" frag but, not one I would buy full-bottled.
positive Floral sweetness incarnation. Good sillage, projection and longevity, but it gets fastly uninteresting. 
positive This is a lovely scent. Delicate, but full of presence. Earthy florals with a decent amount of sweetness. This has a lot of popular elements. I think, in the future, when people want to reflect on the scents of this time period, this will be closely tied to that scent memory (like how aldehydes tie to the 40s/50s). 

This has a moderate sillage for the first 2 hours and then it becomes a skin scent. Lasting power is about 7 hours on dry skin in warm weather. 

Beautiful and self-empowering sort of scent. Lends itself to romantic atmosphere, but not entirely inappropriate for work. Day or night. Thoroughly enjoy!
positive Salutation.

Yes FLOWER BOMB!A Needful example for any professional Collection.Definitely pure Tempting in a Bottle!Elaborate like all creates By Carlos Benaim& Olivier Polge.Classy,Romantic, Appealing,Expensive,Feminine,Gorgeous,Hot and Elegant.

The scent is definitely more Floral.In fact Sophisticated scent of Floral.The refreshing top of Bergamot.It is Sweet but not too sweet.Great notes that makes it High Class and Feminine as it command attention.

The bottle is as Bold as The scent.it is fantastic for ROMANTIC mood like a Bomb!A Beautiful perfume for a Beautiful Lady.Heavy for daily Use but Great for EVENING.Surely for WINTER.If you like a Expensive Smell for your wife this one just for you.

Sillage?Great.

Longevity?You can spray it in the Evening and it will stay with you until the Morning.

Thank You V&R

7.75/10 
positive Head-clearing top notes energize me.It wears down smooth and sexy.Don't know the vernacular yet, but I have the nose of a Bloodhound.I am EXTREMELY picky, there are only a handful of Fragrances I can wear without running to the shower and changing my clothes.I love it,from start to finish.
positive Flowerbomb to me is a sweet candy like smell which i love in a perfume, the bottle is also very nice. Unfortunately for me the perfume seems to dissapear after only a couple of hours. If you like Flowerbomb you could also tryD AND G POUR FEMME as this has a similiar smell to me,,,,,, In fact this is the one i choose first now before my Flowerbomb. 
positive Very, very sweet. I don't get the floral notes very much though. It smells more to me like a sweet shop (which is still very very very good).

When you spray this on your body, it is almost exactly like a bomb of sweets has gone off. The top note for me (which is quite surprising) is Candy Floss.

This is, however, a summer fragrance (even though it is not branded as such). In the winter this would smell almost... wrong.

I like this, and were it not for the existence of Loverdose by Diesel, I would have purchased a bottle by now.
positive Very sweet floral. The strangest thing is, in my mind the first notes I detect are of sugar-coated fennel seeds..the kind that are served as an after-dinner treat at Indian restaurants. Just don't understand how it could have descended from Angel..I hated that one..but quite like Flowerbomb.   
positive     I cant stop talking about this scent. When I wear it men turn around to find out what it is - I only wear three scents - this one, Christopher Dicas and Fracas- all of them get great attention but this one FLOWERBOMB EX - well this is another animal! I search for it because the department stores only sell it during Christmas...
positive A Juicy bomb. A very intoxicating scent. I love to smell this on a woman with one spray cause it projects well. Bergamot ,patchouli blended in this beautiful scent. Damn
positive I first smelt this when it was released in 2004, loved it but never thought I'd own it because of the price. Over the next six or seven years I would smell it every time I went into a department store that sold it, dreaming. And then last year my brother bought me it (I'm sure you can imagine my happiness). I love the sweet sharpness of it - though it seems to have got sharper and less sweet as time as passed (though it may just be that my tastes have changed)
positive I smelled this on another woman and loved it.  On myself, it is less impressive, but I don't know why.  It's a well-balanced floral with sweetness, and creaminess, with no particular note standing out.  And it must have patchouli, or I wouldn't give something in this genre a second thought.   It's beautiful, but it's not outstanding enough for me to be sure that I would stay interested enough throughout the duration of a full bottle.

negative Conjures up the essence of MLM boss babes or eau de Karen under sustained olfactory encounters.  The hint of diaper wipes and spoiled formula underneath it all is ruinous.  However, any negative affect might be overcome for wearers who possess enough self-discipline to keep the volume down.  Drive by whiffs on someone else could be pleasant making it greatly depend on how much throttle an individual wearer gives it, and if there are a herd of the Flowerbombed concentrated in one spot.  Dose makes the poison here. 
negative I got a sample of this because perfume critic Chandler Burr likes the stuff, and I agree with a lot of his assessments. This time, though, he's way off base. Flowerbomb is just a total snooze, hard to tell  from a hundred others....and it's a snooze in the heavyhanded '80s mode I like least. Ugh. 
negative Cliche in a bottle. The female equivalent to Cool Water for over-use, over-application, and apparent wearer myopia with regards to how 'great' they smell.

Embarrassing.
negative When I first heard of the name Flowerbomb I knew to give this one a miss. Full-on florals, which the name implies, are the one category I just don't do. A while later I smelled a dry/woody only slightly sweet fragrance on a colleague. It was fairly low-key and rather pleasant. She told me it was Flowerbomb. After that I tested it myself and found it wouldn't work for me. But on other people, especially on that girl, I found it rather pleasant. I can only conclude now that I must have come across a statistical cluster of people with a very light trigger finger.
Come to think of it, that girl must have had an unusual body chemistry. On her the old  Dior Addict seemed to have a woody/cinnamon quality which is usually doesn't have.

We have since moved to a different area, one where every other female seems to use Flowerbomb. And they're not shy in the application of it. I'm in a public facing line of work, and at least once every day I get almost knocked down by a veritable force field of this stuff. 
So while I started out as on the fence about Flowerbomb, it is now what garlic is meant to be to vampires.

Often one can appreciate a fragrance just for the idea and artistic effort, even if they don't work for everyone. In this case the end result smells exceptionally shallow and cheap. Nothing seems to even aspire to reflect the listed notes. It only consists of generic artificial sweetness and equally fake shallow patchouli. 

Normally I'm content to avoid trivial fragrances and don't bother reviewing them. But with the obnoxious omnipresence of this stuff  I just have to.

negative This is memorable for me as one of the worst fragrances ever.  A salesperson sprayed my arm & I immediately felt as if I'd been flea bombed.  Horrible!  I hurried to a restroom to wash it off but still had a headache within a couple of minutes.  An hour from home, I smelled it all the way back & even a shower didn't fully remove this mess.  Hence my 5 stars for longevity.  There is nothing in the list of components which I haven't previously worn and enjoyed, so maybe  there's an odd synthetic in the mix?  
negative Oh Yuck!  It's initial scent is of the foul-smelling formic acid used in cheap colognes;  This gives way rapidly (thank goodness) to an unpleasant bouquet of "Raid" insect spray and the artificial, sickeningly sweet odor of S'More-flavored white chocolate, as found in some mass-market candy bars.  It's a strident scent that lasts quite a while.
negative Ah, Flowerbomb.  I want to like it just because I love the name, but I simply can't.  It's that pink pepper/patchouli/amber smell that every single smellalike woman's designer perfume smells like like now, mixed with marshmallows.  There are some bubblegum fruits in there, some sort of dark green spice that I think is supposed to balance the treacle but just smells "off," and possibly some kind of flowers, but any floral notes in here (despite the name) are unimportant sweeteners buried in a thick, sticky sea of marshmallow fluff and common-smelling pink pepper goop.

This smells common in the most literal way:  If you go to a bar full of girls wearing perfume, they'll all smell like this.  It's not that they're all wearing Flowerbomb, it's that Flowerbomb, as well as the dozens of other perfumes you'll smell, all have the the same basenotes and throwaway topnotes, so every girl at a bar, or on a bus, or in an office smells like this same pink pepper/patchouli/amber/marshmallow smell.  Obviously the ladies of the world love this smell, but as a perfume aficionado, I just can't get get excited about yet another one of these.
negative Dear Flowerbomb,

I have tried, truly tried, but I do not understand you.

In spite of your listed notes, you are no floral. You are Boston fruit slices in a bottle, assorted penny candies liquified, a poor rose swimming in simple syrup.

Descended you are from Angel, Lolita Lempicka, Euphoria, Coco Mademoiselle and Juicy Couture JC, yet they manage to be interesting while you twirl your hair and drool. How is it you are so astonishingly popular? I am shocked by it. I wonder if today's girls simply find no discernible difference between flies and men. 

Poor Flowerbomb, a classic of perfumery you are not. You are to Coco Mademoiselle as Giorgio was to Poison. As your simple charms lose their appeal, your formula will cheapened, reduced to a 40 dollar EDT in Wallgreens for our daughters to buy discounted for their "naughties" theme parties, where the teenage girls of 2030 will dress like hipsters, dance to "Sexyback" and say "I can't believe Mom used to wear this!"


neutral Underwhelming, nondescript flowers and vanilla that somehow manage to be both extraordinarily heavy and extremely light. I received 3mls of this as a free deluxe sample at Sephora and planned to give it away. However, it worked okay when combined with a simple, fresh green scent (I chose Verde by Nest). I might try mixing it with a strong, dry wood next (maybe Cypress Cedar from Banana Republic's Icon Collection).

Overall, I can't give it a full thumbs down just because it's boring to me. I can easily understand its mass market appeal. I see this shining on the right person in the right setting (I imagine a high school girl who never wears makeup or perfume dressing up for her first prom), and I'm a full believer of 'to each his (or her) own.'
neutral I am on the fence with this scent. I certainly don't hate it, but I agree with the assessment that it is all generic flowery sweetness on me and lacks depth and complexity. It reminds me a bit of the scent of children's pretend cosmetics --that sickly sweet, flowery, rosy, baby doll-ish scent that I remember. I find it can also be quite strong and headache inducing for me. I will keep trying to wear my small sample bottle from Sephora (I do love the packaging), but I wouldn't repurchase.
neutral This smelled great when I first sprayed it on, but once it dried down all the florals disappeared and it just smelled like woodsy soap.  It lasted a really long time though.  
neutral A bit over-the-top... people love don't mind the fragrance.  I'm not sure how I feel about it.  Very floral for when you want to get noticed.  The floral/rose scent is okay... but... maybe it is the patchouli... there is something in there that I don't really LOVE.  I wear it, but won't buy it again.
neutral Flowerbomb opens with an overwhelming blast of sugar and juicy-fruity notes with a subtle and quite weird sort of tomato-pimiento aftertaste (I thought of red pepper, but I don’t see it listed, so perhaps it may be due to the tea note whatever they built it with). Gallons of galaxolide provide a shampoo feel, adding power to an already quite nuclear and sickening concoction. Still, I also get some herbal-green nuances which I quite enjoy, that manage to add something fresh and crisp to this candy in a bottle. Honestly though, I get quite the “bomb” but not the “floral”, as Flowerbomb is basically more a sort of sugary-green gourmand with a warm heart supported by patchouli, and dusted with a powdery shade – these must be the flowers, but they’re so light and generic they could be anything. Just a whiff of soapy feel. Boring yet everlasting drydown. Intergalactically far from being a masterpiece, and still much far from being actually just barely good; but I won’t consider it a complete disaster, I guess fruity gourmand lovers may like this – in the end, it’s the same stuff many niche brands do at twice the price. Just – please! – apply it sparingly.

(did it really take all those people to make this?)

5,5/10
neutral If you love the smell of the marshmallows you grow in your flower garden then this is the one for you. Not bad for the semi-gourmand floral category but there are many that pull it off better.
neutral I agree with flaming_june0101, I used to love this bomb - I felt like The Bomb wearing it! Eventually my bottle was empty and while I saved up money for a new one I discovered it on others and yes, they smelled cheap! Maybe because I recognised it and remembered how I used to be (very young) and therefor didn't like it, I don't know... It's a great fragrance for young people, but as a grown-up I don't feel comfortable wearing it.  
neutral I used to love this fragrance. I wore it every day for a couple if months. But then I smelled it on an acquaintance and it smelled so cheap and cloying. That ruined it for me. I feel like it smells great on me, but smelling it on another person opened my eyes to another facet that I didn't like. This one will go on the shelf for a little bit.
neutral Not exactly a bomb of flowers this Flowerbomb. Sure there's a bouquet full of variety, but what stood out more to me was the waffle-like sweetness, growing more intense in the heart notes. The dry down is still sweet but in a different way, and less aggrressive overall. 

Flowerbomb was made to be popular, and the mission was accomplished quite well.
neutral Initially rough because of the first whiff of earthy tea and citrus this one turns out as an oversweety cocktail of flowers, patchouli, amber and in my perception sandalwood and musk, too monolithic, sugary, powdery and boring for my taste. The outcome is a rose-jasmine-patchouli scent with a musky cloudy-dusty temperament almost gourmand for its sweetness that reminds a bit the dusty effect of eliotrope. The smell is not enough changing and multifaceted for my taste. The combination of citrus-patchouli and flowers with the addition of some aromatic-boise' notes reminds effectively the aromatic-floral smell of Coco Medemoiselle which is anyway a far better and more complex fragrance, surely more luxurious with its reinterpretation of vintage-retro' that takes on a paradoxically more futuristic smell with an angular-fresh starry patchouli that reminds Angel in some stages of its development. Flowerbomb  owns a faint longevity and a discreet projection under my nose.
positive love this so much, its ever lasting and so wow, every time i wear this someone comments all the time in a good way too! nice big bottle too, cant go wrong with this
positive I was initially ambivilent about this frag, and rather rolled my eyes at the sugary fluffy opening notes (bergamot and tea, I think not) which in my opinion since Angel have been overdone, and are a tad childish. However, FB dries down to a lovely rosy patchouli that I am quite keen on, and because of this, find myself testing and re-testing it. It eases into something warm and comforting, yet sophisticated. The sillage is good but not offensive, and I think it can be worn day or night.
positive Not your usual sickly sweet perfume!I am usually attracted to fresh green scents and have found that most sweet scents just sit on my skin and smell gooey sweet or very strong.  When a clerk at a store sprayed Flowerbomb for someone else while I was walking away from the perfume, it smelled so wonderful that I turned around & walked back to find out what it was.  When she handed me the bottle I was so disappointed because it was so sweet--and explained that while I liked it, it would NEVER work on me.  Still, she slipped a sample in my bag.  I wish I knew what her name was so that I could thank her!  I tried it a few weeks later and it didn't get sappy & sickly sweet like many other sweet fragrances do on me--just a nice soft scent. I disagree that it smells like cotton candy or that it is sugary sweet--but keep in mind that I usually can't wear any sweet scents, so it clearly is mixing differently with my chemistry than it does with the usual person.I just love this scent--which surprises me--it is the freshest "sweet" smell I have found!If you would like to try a sweet scent but have difficulty with excessive sweetness, give this one a try--it might just work for you!
positive I'm a convert. I initially wrote this off as the lovechild of Angel and Pink Sugar. I love Angel and I really like Pink Sugar, so I was more disappointed with Flowerbomb's lack of originality than the fragrance itself. But something prompted me to try it again, and now it's on my Wish List.  It starts off sweet but fresh, like cotton-candy and lemonade, and this is where I compare it to Pink Sugar. The citrus is bright and slightly tart, but soft...like creamy lemon curd, and I can already smell the jasmine coming through. I definitely get flowers, most noticeably the jasmine, but there are others shyly making an appearance every now and then - a bit of rose and something subtly spicy that could be freesia. It seems ambery and I agree with Aries81, it's very reminiscent of Alien due to the jasmine....so much so that I'm surprised it's not mentioned more frequently (but I don't, thankfully, get anything remotely resembling Tresor - I can't tolerate its musty/dusty peaches and roses accord.)  I don't get a lot of burnt-sugar sweetness in Flowerbomb - no caramel, but something sweetly creamy/buttery/ambery and resinous. I've seen other sources list a sandalwood note, and I would agree with that. The patchouli is the clean kind - powdery and fresh. (Btw - I don't like Coco Mademoiselle. I certainly get the comparison but to my nose their similarities are very superficial and mostly about the patchouli. I don't get a nice jasmine from Coco Mad if any at all. Flowerbomb is all about the jasmine. And after getting to know it a bit better, I can't seem to find what I initially perceived as a similarity to Angel - that's just gone. It, too, was probably very superficially about the patchouli.)This isn't an explosive or loud fragrance at all, so as others have noted, the name isn't particularly appropriate, even in its kitschy cutesy-ness....although the fragrance is a bit more casual and fun than formal or elegant, so I suppose the presentation isn't too bad. But presentation aside, the fragrance is the real story and I think it's wonderful - womanly and luxurious, sultry and sexy, smooth and luscious. I just love every element of it - from start to finish. And it finishes beautifully, and lingers for quite a while.  I'm very pleased to see that V&R have several bath and body products in the line - I can only imagine how heavenly the Voluptuous Body Cream is. 
positive I really like it. It's a heck of a lot like another "expensive" perfume of its ilk, Curve Vintage Soul. And even in that Flowerbomb is like Coco Mademoiselle. The citrusy patchouli drydown really gives that away.  Even then it's the jasmine "florals". And another commonality is Flowerbomb shares the patchouli, musk and vanilla (what doesn't?) with Coco Mademoiselle. Flowerbomb is much more floral and sweet patchouli and is not as vibrant as Coco Mademoiselle nor as open and "clean as Vintage Soul. Now contrary to the "flower" name, Flowerbomb dries into a patchouli musk with touches of vanilla. Oh yeah, and there's rose but it's overpowered by everything else going on. The EdP is fantastic but the EdT is so mild that it just kills the essence.
positive When I went to Dillards to give my friend her sample Of Above by Fred Miller (www.FredHMiller.com) the vendor gave me a sample of this. This is one of the best perfumes I have smelled in a long time! I was told that this is V&R first women's perfume, & they nailed it! A Very Pretty Floral Fragrance!
positive wow!!! i died and went to the big candy store in the skysooooo sweet and sugarythe most gourmand vanilla sugar fragrance ever, right next to angel
positive WOW! That was my first reaction to this beauty. Instant love at first sniff! Very sweet, but somehow Flowerbomb pulls off the sweetness without being cloying. The delicate floral notes wrap around the sweetness to produce a smooth creaminess that is pure decadence. Intoxicating! Reactions from female friends are somewhat "meh", but my male friends practically started drooling on me!I cannot detect the bergamot note at all. In fact, I am skeptical that it's really there at all! Bergamot seems to astringent to mix with the other notes here. A light tea moving rapidly to light jasmine is what I get. The middle notes last the longest on me; I only get the faintest notes of rose. Truthfully, there doesn't seem to be any drydown; like Ultraviolet (another winner for me) Flowerbomb has a very quick opening followed by hours of an unchanging middle. I also do not detect any patchouli, in fact was surprised to see it listed as a note. I suspect a light hand was used with the patchouli, and it is probably that note that keeps the sweetness in check. Not super long lasting on me, but with my chemistry that is typical (only about 4-5 hours at best).All thumbs up for me!
positive I only recently discovered Flowerbomb and tested it several times before deciding its charms were collection-worthy. There's more sugar than flowers, but the rose definitely comes through in a soft, powdery, sweet sort of way. Amber isn't listed in the notes but it's definitely there (to my nose) and warms everything up nicely. The tea comes through as well, as does the freesia. I believe the jasmine note is of the sambac variety, which I instinctively gravitate toward, and which smells more liquid, powdery and light than any other species of the plant (for reference, see Alien). The patchouli is a very clean version of itself - hardly there, in fact. Nothing like the patchouli hangover of Angel (which I adore but which would ruin this lovely feminine). I detect a slight hint of chocolate, as well. I used to own and adore Bath & Body Works' Sensual Amber, which is very similar to Flowerbomb, but with fruity notes replacing FB's chocolate.The lasting-power is good, as it is with most powdery, rose scents. In structure, I would certainly compare it to Alien, and  it has that same, sweet-rosy-powdery vibe that Tresor offers, only much softer and "pinker," and with a tea accord keeping it just slightly brighter. I think over-applying this scent will keep it from developing. It stays close to the skin however, so over-applying won't leave a strong trail of sillage in your wake. My guy smells caramel and I did too, on the test strip, but on my skin, it's a different story. Sometimes, when the weather's colder, I get more of a grape-juice-and-tea smell at first, which fades down to a very sweet jasmine. Other days, when my body temperature rises, I get more rose, more chocolate, and more of the powdery amber which is my favorite part. On the test strip, as my guy correctly noted, it smells of the trick-or-treat candy bags of our youth. He was sweet enough to get me a refillable bottle of this juice for Valentine's Day and I could not love the bottle more! The black V&R tab of the original has been replaced with a pink, metallic tab which matches the cap. It's overall, a thicker, rounder bottle and extremely original (though the juice may not be). Definitely recommended for anyone who likes Tresor, Alien, Lipstick Rose, or other sweet scents.
positive The first time I smelled this it must have turned under the lights and on top of the hot glass case at the department store. I purchased two bottles to sell overseas to  French West African clientele when I rediscovered this perfume. Wow is all I can say. It is somewhat reminiscent of Coco Mademoiselle BUT in my opinion more modern and wearable than C.M. (which my mother wears and seems way too dry and dead after a bit). Men love it and everyone asks about it-after all we wear perfume to attract the opposite sex, and it seems to me that the compliments I get from them are a positive. I only wear one other sweet floral and that is Carolina Herrera but this is a departure. I disagree with the negative comments on this one. It is extremely sexy and I wear it for every occasion. This is not a young woman's perfume. I just read more reviews about this and I think it is really very silly for people to compare some other scents as though they are exactly the same, Coco Mademoiselle is not even close and Angel is very chocolate-y and not even similar.
positive fairly young floral. for ages 35 and under i would think. very sweet jasmine, and patchouli without ever being to cloying. at least they did not over think this one as the men's version "antidote" has 25 different notes!!! i like them both though.
positive Interesting name, appealing bottle and good marketing made me try this scent in the mall... I sniffed the bottle first then gave up trying it on my skin as I thought it was another sweet sugary smell out there.Found it ordinary... But two weeks ago, a lady who I met in a conference was wearing a perfume which was amazing, she said it was Flowerbomb. Couple of days later another lady in the office was wearing a very good perfume and she said it was Flowerbomb, again. So I tried it again on my skin and changed my mind about it. Because it develops on your skin in a very good way. I cannot detect bergamot, tea and flower notes much, except jasmine, it blends with patchouli very well and becomes milky. This is definitely not an Angellike overly sweet perfume, not offending, and quite good choice for night and special occasions... Oh by the way, drydown reminds me of Gloria of Cacharel (although the notes are not similar)
positive I fell in love with this when it came out. I only where it during warm weather.  My dr. who has never commented on anything "personal" asked what smelled so good when he came into the examining room.  Now I have gone there for 15 years on a regular basis.  I find it to be sexy and I feel confident when I am wearing it. 
positive I love it, like I love Allure and cafe (an older fragrance). I like sweet fragrances and this one is perfect and last for many hours. I almost gave up buying it because the grenade bottle that remember me war, I hate it! But it smells so good I couldn't resist!It's pricey here in Brazil, but it's irresistible, my husband loved it!
positive Every afternoon in a local gym a ripped, rich, middle-aged estate agent with loads of attitude struts her stuff in a cloud of Flower Bomb, in the firm belief that she's da bomb. This cloud to me reeks of grainy, unclean patchouli on wilted flowers. Not at all objectionable, but perhaps a bit too much in a semi-crowded gym where ventilation can be an issue from time to time. All this doesn't mean to say that I won't be testing it on myself soon, make NO mistake...
positive The only thing missing from this fragrance is the orchestra. I am both repulsed and fixated by this near to parfum. At once, I resent the powdery languide of the middle note's predictable miss on seduction. But let it wait, like an overdressed girl on a park bench. Let it wait, the tension alone will elicit immediate attention, as the base notes politely demand. Sugar, spice and everything you'd better keep your eye on. This scent reminds me of Belgium beer and very tan boys. There is a definate bang to the end, which you are bound to find satisfying. Enjoy! 
positive This one is spicier than I thought --from the sweet n fruity reviews I figured it would be like candy sweet but the tea note and patchouli make it a really sexy scent and only sweet until it warms up and blossoms on the skin. It reminds me of other scents though, still if I was given a bottle I'd certainly wear it. 
positive I love it.... words can't explain.
positive disappointing!It's too fruity and sweet on me, just like "candy floss" as lots people described. I get the tea note which I like, but it was blocked by that cloying-and-never-cease sweetness...  I just wonder where the flower is. If I want some candy, I'd rather go for a bottle of  hilton's heiress, at least it's much cheaper!Maybe all these are due to body chemistry. but since quite a lot people felt same as me, I think is wise to have a test befor purchase.

negative Smell this blindfolded and 100% that you won't be able to distinguish it from other millions of generic sweet floral perfumes of the last decade or so. Awful!
negative Uninspiring and unoriginal.  Smells like sugar water was poored onto unfortunante girls.  I don't understand the main stream appeal either.  If you want to smell unique, try Tom Ford or Bond No.9  Do us all a favor ladies, throw this stuff out and grow up. Smells almost like Pink Sugar. 
negative What a damn shame this one is. Both my mother and sister own this fragrance and its hello and goodbye at lightspeed. The notes are very boring and non chalant. I can't see why anyone would drop the bucks for this one. It's a nice bottle with a popular name. Thats it.
negative Sweet vanilla flowers in a cigarette ashtray. Even sans the unappealing smoke odor, it'd still be too sweet.

neutral I was impressed with this perfume. I thought the bottle was very creative and unique and the scent equally as creative. 

Although this fragrance doesn't really appeal to my tastes in perfume, I can appreciate Flowerbomb for what it is. 

Flowerbomb is a strong floral with beautiful hints of vanilla. The scent is sweet and powdery without being too overpowering and is warm and soft on the skin. 

This fragrance is along the lines of Angel by Thierry Mugler in the way it has been uniquely composed and in popularity. Like Angel, this fragrance either grabs you or disinterests you. 

I might have considered purchasing this perfume if it wasn't so expensive, however I understand that Viktor & Rolf are an exclusive brand and wish to be noted in same league as Chanel and Guerlain.


neutral On first whiff, I too get a little girls sugar n spice and all things nice vibe. 
Interestingly this fragrance brings back memories of my first experiences with buying and trying fragrances for myself as a new teenager. Victor & Rolf's FB is the expensive version of a range of Impulse body sprays aimed at teenage girls. I would give anything to remember the exact name of the Impulse body spray. However, I wouldnt be surprised if the exact same one I remember from ten years ago has been repackaged as something else. Who knows, it could be FB aimed at those grown up teenagers who fell in love with the Unilever sugar water scent.

EDIT :  I went back to the pink, fluffy, sugar water scent and I was converted. Its almost as though its catnip for tweens. This stuff has an oddly addictive snuggly side (a little bit like Lush's rockstar - which I was also initially sceptical of at first whiff). Pleasantly surprised or perhaps seduced by the addictive girly catnip fragrance.
neutral When I first smelled Flowerbomb it was a little off putting.. This & Opium are my cousins signature scents! While Flowerbomb does not smell bad, it leaves a heavy floral note to my nose. I only tested this frag on my skin once, but smell it everytime im around my cousin. It has worn on me & it smells good on her, altho its not something I would buy & wear, but I have learned to appreciate this frag for its development over time. I can see a man pulling this off. Its a neutral rating for me. Nothing more or less!
neutral Okey! Is a good fragrance, sweet, oriental and intense. Something different from what we smell in many other fragrances out there today. But, This Really Worth The Price? I don't think so.. especially when Flowerboom's weak point is the fixation.. cuz I allways believe that a good fragance is a combination of perfect smell and a reasonable fixation..Many people compare Flowerboom and Can can by Paris hilton.. and after testing this two fragrance, I think Can can is the same but more cheap.. 
neutral Testers of Flowerbomb were dropped off for all the female sales associates in the clothing store where I used to work when the fragrance first came out, and for a week my nostrils were bombarded with all sorts of interpretations of it. On some girls, it was so disgustingly, synthetically sweet I wanted to vomit; on others, the sweetness stayed but it wasn't so overpowering, and was just an unmistakably sugary, though wellcrafted, scent. On none of them did I detect the patchouli, which I had hoped for.A few weeks after that, I used my own tester, and it came out very strong at first and disappeared rather quickly, but there was a brief interlude where the scent made me want to bounce up and down with a big grin from ear to ear -- like an elated pop princess. All in all, for a sugar addict like myself, it's worth a cautious try.
neutral Floral, powerful, and unique scent.  It is a Floral - Orange Tuberose type of perfume. The perfume starts with a floral scent, which later becomes sweet and floral, as middle notes start to come out. The ending has a sweeter and a little musky scent.      The floral notes in the middle are the dominant scent, which can be a little overwhelming.The perfume has a new and unique scent, but it does not motivate me enough to buy it.  
neutral According to the Dana Thomas book 'Deluxe: How Luxury Lost Its Luster', "perfume companies buy juices they think are marketable and keep them in reserve until they find the right brand for them." One of such companies was Loreal, and apparently they bought this juice from IFF, sat on it for three whole years until Victor&Rolf knocked on their door for a new scent - and now that juice is called 'Flowerbomb'. So that is the mystery behind this very 'elusive' designer scent. It is not a story that grand. Truth be told, 'Flowerbomb' is not really a Victor&Rolf creation. It is just a juice that some businessmen thought was marketable.  After that 'fact check', I must say I think almost everyone posted an accurate review that summarized what Flowerbomb is. Personally, when I think of the name 'Flowerbomb', I think of some fragrance like YSL Paris. Not necessarily the candied flowers of this one. 'Flowerbomb' is not awful, but to me, also not quite exceptional. I feel like they tried hard to create a somewhat lighter dose flower induced version of Angel and they truly succeeded. The scent's charm heavily relies on the wearer's personal skin chemistry. Honestly, it is perhaps one of the most un-apologetically sweet juices out there.  
positive Flowerbomb is great.  I really like it when my lady wears it. I love it from to to base...
positive It is absolutely amazing that their are so many people that are smelling burnt sugar and carmel and stuff....sticky sweet, sugary etc.  WOW!  I don't get that.  I do like RoseAmber's review, that describes it with light citrus-florals and powdery vanilla, etc.  THAT, I get.  It IS beautiful.  It's fresh and brilliant.  I have such a sensitive nose and am not the biggest perfume WEARER, more of a hobbyist...but for me this is very wearable and soooo agreeable with my chemistry.  So far, all have really liked it on me...even those who are not afraid to wince with disgust for other perfumes.  Flowerbomb, who cares what it's called or how the bottle is shaped???  Maybe the reviews are so poor because of the people expecting a certain kind of fragrance and this not being that.  People should just try it...I almost didn't because of the others it was likened to, so I crossed it off of my list to try.  Go figure, I accidentally tried it and love it!!!
positive This fragrance is amazing! It lasts forever, sometimes when I'm doing my laundry I can smell it on my clothes weeks after I've worn them. I always get tons of compliments when I wear it and whenever I smell it on someone else I think it smells amazing.
positive flowerbomb..not impressive but sensualsweet and warm  should be worn in the daytime or weekends. 
positive I'm not usually a fan of floral, but Flowerbomb is absolutely amazing, i'm obsessed
positive I melt everytime i smell this...as a guy,everytime i get a chance to go to a dept. store to see scents...this would be the first or second scent i would ask for a sample just to smell...amazing theme and concept on the name and bottle construction...it is a floral explosion...i forced one of my friends to put it on...and for the rest of the day...shopping around the mall...i could still smell it...perfect...
positive I recently sampled this at Nordstrom's on a female customer's wrist.  It's very similar (but a bit less "foody") than Angel.  The two are very similar, but I think FB is more feminine, and has greater mass appeal, than Angel.  Viktor and Rolf claim 16+ hours longevity, and sillage is excellent.  Of the two, FB is superior to Angel IMO, and is more suited to the more discreet and discriminating 30+ woman.  If you are into gourmand (edible) fragrances you can't go wrong with this one.  It is expensive, but also exclusive.  If you like the candy style but want to stand out from the crowd, this is the one to buy.
positive I love this scent. I particurally like the patchouli element in the dry down. It's floral, but in an unusual way but not at all prissy. I don't know what it is, but on me there is a very sweet element to it. Not the scent of a definate food, but a lovely sweetness.
positive Flowerbomb (quite appropriate name) is wonderrrfull! haha only way to put this one. My friend and I tried this one out for his younger sister--keep in mind she is young and I agree with La Senora that this can be very..youthful;). Regaurdless it just evoked this happiness in both of us, this sort of unvoluntary smile. It was very similar, in this effect and in scent as well, to a Creed frag we tried once some time back. Unfortunately we CANT remember the name and it kills me. I liked the drydown as well: reminds me a bit of something similar to YSL Cinema, but it has its own character from it as well.Just try it...Im not really a floral  fan anyway =\HOWEVER it seems important to this fragrance particularly that I note we tried it on paper on not yet on skin.
positive I want it! One thing I noticed is that on me, the scent does change. Strange as it may sound, it becomes masculine. I've always liked pushing the gender barrier, like Viktor & Rolf say, look for the contrast: this is my No. 1 rule. No drag obviously, just that I'm a man, I know what I want and I do what I want. I want pearls.
positive I love this perfume. On my way home, I stopped at the store at London Heathrow airport to kill time. I tried on flowerbomb and was very impressed by the smell. It's lovely. 
positive WOW!  I just love this Flowerbomb!  Everything about it is remarkably unique.  The bottle, the name, the fragrance notes...the way they "explode & smolder" ~ simply brilliant!  There has been so much extreme opinion on this one, but I personally find it attractive and wearable! 
positive Ijust recently purchased Flowerbomb.  It does last on my skin.  Since I love orientals the most, especially woody-orientals, I was surprised that I would like this as much as I do.  I find it to be just the right balance for someone who avoids florals and wants a softer, sweet floral.  It is not too intense for me. A miracle for this oriental fanatic! 

negative Flowerbomb is not for my skin, it becomes way too sweet and too uninteresting. I am sorry.
negative Awfully boring tutti-frutti syrup for such a big price tag.Viktor & Rolf need to put on their big girl panties and come up with something other than these treacle-covered blossoms of theirs.
negative Caramel bomb. No flowers. Another, boring, sticky, caramel stuff. So childish, barbyish.
negative the new angel competitor is this bomb who hide very spécial plastic flowers!! 
"courage fuyons"
they want to destroy our noze,pitty,
or, i go to live in sooth pole!!
with pinguins !!
negative I was really dissapointed by this one. I was expecting a really lovely and loud floral. All i was presented with was candy floss, it's sickeningly sweet and 'sticky' smelling. Not worth the price (about £50 for 50 mls over here in the UK). Fantastic bottle though!
negative Tried this one yesterday and I didn't find it as extroardinary as I  thought it would be. It starts with a smell that is very familiar (must be Allure) and further.... nothing. It just doensn't last on my skin and fades after a few minutes.
negative Frankly, it is a mess. I tried both the original and etailer versions of it (some people suggested that the etailer interpretations were much better). None were better than the others. The notes are mixed up in an indecipherably manner. It is flat, but ironically loud and cloying. You don't get the complexity of the artisan fragrances, just a sickly sweet cloud. 
negative too too.  it's trying to hard and the drydown is worthless.  you need to be really young to pull this off. sense memory of disco in the late 80s, amyl nitrate and all.

neutral I smelled it together with Antidote for men... it felt nice but it gave me the sensation of an aroma not plenty original, smelled on another perfume.It starts with sweet flowers, a bit  fresh, with notes of bergamot an tea. Middle notes appears quickly, dominated by freesia in a Ralph Lauren's Romance or Lancome's Miracle remembrance, plus other notes I felt like a floral mix. The base is sweet, like orchid plus sugar or caramel, and maybe a soft wood and vanilla noticeable since the beginning.Very feminine, flowers fit well at summer and the vanilla is nice at winter. A bit complex for daytime use, better for office or evening use, for women between 25-45 years old.
neutral Unless this is the first review you're reading about Flowerbomb, you already know it's not flowery. It is sweet and styled to make friends quickly when first encountered: vanillic with caramelized sugar and a passive patchouli presence; any "flowers" must have been dribbled in from a vat marked Generic Floral Mixture #3. Until a better expression comes along, I'm going to refer to department-store frags as being manufactured with "A Big Paddle." (I'm attracted to niche and vintage-style scents whose molecules are stacked more meticulously.) For a Big Paddle frag, Flowerbomb is pleasant enough not to scrub off, but not attractive enough to mean something special to me.
neutral I don't agree that it's as polarising as Angel, but it's just as instantly recognisable and for that, deserves some respect.  The pink grenade shaped bottle mixes masculine and feminine imagery.  The idea of a bomb I think suggests a gradual war on the senses rather than an overpowering effect.  In the vein of Agent Provocateur's first one, it's a dusky musky floral.  Powdery but quite bodily in that it's pungent.  Like a voluptuous lady that's shaken talcum powder under her arms on a hot day.  Feminine but absolutely not girly it also has a quite bitter smell.  Some smells go 'up' when you smelll then, some 'down'.  This one stays level in terms of the progression of notes to me.
neutral I am not as sophisticated with perfume lingo so I will just use amateur words. I loved it a lot at first, smelled sweet yet suave and sophisticated. It reminded me of Coco Mademoiselle. However, having major perfume longevity problems, I had to pass because I felt that the drydown was weak and barely there. I own Mademoiselle and after an hour it is gone on me - so I could not take the risk with this one too, specially that the price is a bit up there.   
neutral Hmmmm, Im not too impressed with this one, but maybe I was expecting too much :o\ First of all its lacking too much vitality to be a "bomb". It doesnt smell bad, but it doesnt have much kick and from all of the reviews Ive read I was expecting it to be way more gourmand than it is. It just smells like a clone of Allure. Contrary to some opinions, Flowerbomb does NOT smell anything like Angel, I wear Angel on a regular basis and FB is nothing like it, Flowerbomb smells like flowers Angel does not.Flowerbomb and Allure share the same type of light floral scent, with that same light hint of spice. They're not bad scents, but arent distinctive enough for me. 
neutral I have survived the explosion of Flowerbomb. Is this a good name for a fragrance? And do I want to buy something in the shape of a hand grenade? Well, it's a violent experience of flowers that will certainly get the (shocked) attention of everyone around you with the noise of fragrance. One of the reasons I wear perfume is to experience the flow of a fragrance from top note to drydown. Flowerbomb doesn't do that. You put it on and it stays that way till you scrub it off. Or surrender. It should be called Flower Claxon. Perfect for someone who likes a lot of attention over a long period of time. Unfortunately, not for me.
neutral I love it in the bottle but it smells musty and unimpressive on my skin- like patchouli and burnt sugar. With different body chemistry it would be lovely. A must have for floral fans especially if you like patchouli but try this one before you buy- especially with the price.
neutral I love the bottle and the marketing did wonders on my psyche... BUT it's too strong and very smoky to me.  I'm not sure that makes sense, but reminds me of a room where someone's been smoking a pipe or a fancy cigar.  
neutral Flowerbomb? Smells sweet, spicy, caramelly and a bit like all-spice. Also this reminds me of blonde brownies baking in the oven. This isn't what I expected from a perfume named Flowerbomb.?! This is one-dimensional, as it doesn't change from the moment you put it on till it slowly wears off. In all honesty, Flowerbomb smells EXACTLY like Avon's Extraordinary! In a blind sniff test, I wouldn't be able to tell them apart. The only difference is Flowerbomb does last longer and has a bit more sillage. Also on the plus side the, bottle is very unique and makes a great conversation piece. Tho I like this, I don't think it's bottleworthy!
positive Quite sweet and powdery to my nose.  A defining metrosexual fragrance.  I had Cuba Gold before I got to sample this classic from 1995, but the dry down is very similar.  The opening of Le Male is better and so is the performance, but otherwise, you get the same powdery sweet lavender plus vanilla/amber combo that’s been working it’s magic for decades now.

The current formulation has decent projection without being too loud and lasts 7-8 hours.
positive Started as a teenager and have been wearing it ever since. Le Male has a strong cinnamon vanilla and lavender note, creating a scent to make women weak at the knees. My signature! 
positive Its got a nice mix of lavender, vanilla, mint thing going on.  It becomes an accord to me, melding together to smell "le male"ish.  Powdery, synthetic, sure.  If it didn't have that terrible bottle I'd own it.  Performance is good.  A respectable fragrance.  
positive JPG is awesome simple as that. Sure it has its time and place, i like to wear it when its a little chilly out with a descent outfit for going out. just like 1 million and invictus etc the frag will have its haters. But like i say, if your goal in a frag is to get noticed and get compliments then this is one of those. I guarantee anytime you wear it someone or several people will stop and ask what your wearing or tell you "omg you smell so good". Isn't that the point afer all?
positive I wish I had tried this before reformulation; as the smell is great, but it barely lasts me 3 hours in projection/longevity. The drydown scent is AMAZING, and I would rate it much higher, but the endurance of the aroma is nonexistent.
positive Jean-Paul Gaultier Le Mâle (1995) is a very important fragrance, and indeed a very controversial fragrance in the world of perfume. This was Jean-Paul Gaultier's debut masculine and it set the world alight with it's bizarre tin can packaging and risqué muscular male torso bottle with sailor shirt stripes to match the previous year's Classique (1993) and it's bare-chested feminine bust. Le Mâle did several things at once upon release: it established perfumer Francis Kurkdjian as his first creation (and arguably most successful one); it's loud and bombastic smell cut through the club scene like a hot knife through butter and was the de facto king of that scene until Paco Rabanne 1 Million arrived in 2008; it unintentionally gave the gay community on the male/male side a champion scent due to it's bottle design, bright smell, and "sailor boy" aesthetic that was in line with gay ideals of male beauty. You simply couldn't get away from this stuff in the club scene, and even after scents like Curve for Men (1996), and Givenchy Pi (1999) started taking nibbles at Le Mâle's dominance in more mixed clubbing company, it continued to rule the gay scene for years to come, and is still a strong contender even in the face of the aforementioned 1 Million in clubs of all kinds across the globe. 

In fact, Le Mâle has perhaps become too successful for it's own good, which fuels the controversy around it's artistic merits because everyone was just overexposed to it back then like they were 1 Million, and more-recently Dior Sauvage (2015). The scent's famous artemisia and mint opening is much to blame for it's shrill piercing of hot nightclub air, but it isn't quite an ozonic as it doesn't have a huge grapefruit note, but just the usual bitter bergamot and a contrasting cardamom note. Le Mâle is all about contrasts, which is how it gets to be so freakishly loud without being cloying like Joop Homme (1989) at similar volume levels. Cinnamon and dirty cumin is opposed by fresh lavender and orange blossom, showing Francis Kurkdjian borrowing a play from Edmond Roudnitska in the "dirty but clean, virile but pleasant" department, but the base ends up taming this beast at the end. Sandalwood, cedar, tonka, amber, and vanilla act as a forgiving security blanket that hides the diametrically-opposed notes in the top and middle. By the time Le Mâle is (finally) a skin scent, only wisps of the mint and lavender really remain to mix with the heavier, creamier, and powdery base, making this a very barbershop-like smell in it's final throes. I actually get a bit irritated by this finish, but wearing it on shirt helps keep the top around longer. There really isn't another fougère like this one (outside of clones), and the performance is beyond this world. Expect 10 hours plus of good detectable sillage and projection way past an arm's length. Best use is pretty much all seasons save the dead of summer, but obviously this smell is associated most with the night life.

Le Mâle is finally starting to appear dated around it's 25-year mark, and like other notorious period scents from the 90's such as Nautica (1992) and Tommy by Tommy Hilfiger (1995), is so inexorably linked to the decade of its birth that even in the gay scene (where it had the longest clubbing lifespan), it's seen as "old-school", which hurts it's wearability. If loud mint, bergamot, lavender, spice and vanilla traffic jams sound like something you could dig, you can't go wrong with Le Mâle, but if you were duly overexposed to it like I was, then you can appreciate it's importance but never bring yourself to wear it more than occasionally, a single bottle lasting a lifetime, or wear it again in some cases. Nuclear performance is the name of Le Mâle's game, but much of the notes used here inform of later Kurkdjian creations for his own MFK label, and has come in so many different packaging editions that it's also become a darling with collectors. The scent has always been something of a love/hate, but in no way am I dismissing the entire Le Mâle line, as there have been many different and nice flankers in the years since, a good portion of which are also designed by Francis Kurkdjian. A famous fresh, jarring, semi-powdery fougère scent that is instantly recognizable but not versatile like most things of its ilk. Thumbs up
positive The legendary Le Male by Jean Paul Gaultier... Introduced in 1995, it is one of the most successful - and most copied - perfumes of all time, that really influenced the way male perfumery advanced ever since.

Being the second perfume I ever got back in 2000 (5 years after its release and still being extremely popular back then), there are so many memories tied with its smell. I believe that Le Male is the kind of male perfume that every single perfume enthusiastic should smell as an introduction to what male perfumery was and still is all about. It is exceptional in its own way and - while it may smell a bit dated after so many copies of its smell being released, from male perfumes to... car deodorants, still stays relevant to JPG brand philosophy. You may love it, you may hate it but you have to give it a try.

Nice longevity, ideal projection - I feel that it is a bit watered down nowadays, compared to the original formula though, which is not a bad thing, considering the fact that the original formula could stay on skin for 24 hours and more. I remember going to the pool wearing the original formula years ago and having people around telling me that the whole pool water smells like Le Male. 

Apart from all the flankers of Le Male that JPG released (which all have been kind of fail - except Ultra Male and the new Le Male Essence), in my opinion the only perfume that took Le Male base and developed it to something modern and powerful is Prada Luna Rosa Extreme. 

In conclusion Le Male is a milestone in male perfumery, something that being in market for 21 years proves. While I am not sure if it is the way I want to smell in 2016, it has always been a steady presence in my perfume collection, something I love to visit from time to time.

*This review was written after several full wearings of the perfume and not just after smelling this on paper or on wrist.
positive Not something I would wear nowadays as it reminds me of being a very young man up to no good.

Still a great scent and remember when I sampled it for the first time. It smelt so damn good. Really different and unique. Girls went crazy fro the stuff!! 

Oh...........Those were the days!
positive I tried this when I first started getting into fragrance. I almost bought it on a blind buy because I thought the bottle looked cool. Luckily I tried it at the mall before doing so. I didn't like it and went with Versace Eros instead. That was about a year and a half ago.

This past weekend, I saw 1.7 ounce bottles for about $25 and went for it. I'm glad I did. The scent grew on me.

I'm getting a combination of vanilla and lavender from this one, and maybe tonka bean. It's a pleasant scent for this time of year. I would recommend it whenever it's chilly out, but it probably won't do so well in warmer weather.

Unfortunately, it doesn't have adequate projection or longevity. It smells nice, but the performance is lacking. Maybe it would make a nice date fragrance since proximity matters, but that's about it.
positive Classic.  But I think a bit played out so no longer in my rotation.
positive A legendary, polarizing and ever popular oriental scent that will always be my favorite.  I've seen several attempts by different fragrance houses to recreate Le Mâle (sometimes convincingly, other times even improving on it); but THIS is the defining sensual experience that, after all these years, still delights (and annoys) many.

For me, the lavender, mint, vanilla, cumin, and sandalwood are well formulated.  There is that Clubman Pinaud vibe here (that pleasant powder in the green bottle used in barbershops after a haircut).  The bottle is always a shocker to behold, and the tin can is unique, too! 

The flankers that have come (and gone) all take the Le Mâle mystique and enhance specific notes.  In the case of the "La Cologne Tonique" set, the fragrance serves the role of a bracing, tastefully muted body spray.  But for me, it's hard to dislike the retakes on this one (save for Ultra Male, a radical remake that is its own scent).  A dependable, always pleasant experience...Le Mâle will remain in my top favorites of all time.

positive This is beyond a classis.  Of all scents that I have owned, and still own, this is the only one that I have purchased and gone through numerous bottle, plus also the after shave balm.

From bottles that are over $1,000 to mid range to low end... This one has always stood out.  The scent brings up good memories, good times in my life, and I have never not enjoyed this scent.

I do not wear it out often as it is not a unique scent, however I do use it before bed.  Such a happy and calming scent for me.
positive Not much more, if anything can be said about this one. This was the first designer fragrance that I was really exposed to and absolutely loved the smell of. It will get hate due to its popularity as much as people who genuinely dislike it's scent. I had a friend who picked out ginger in this one which was probably the cinnamon/orange/cumin I guess. Can't say I get ginger... or lavender for that matter which seems to be a very dominant note quoted by the majority. All I know is I get a very pleasant smell that for me is the same now as it was in the late 90s. Above average sillage and longevity and a real classic for any wardrobe.
positive Review and Ratings based on the original formulation.

Years ago I watched the commercial, where guys are changing from their stripes shirts to formal suits. As soon as i watched that commercial (I believe was aired from the year 1995), I knew I had to get it. I had to wait some more time, and after possessing 2 fragrances (In which were given to be as gifts), I had to buy my very fragrance ever. It had to be Le Male. 

All I can say is, that this fragrance is a memory. Yeah, Memory in a Bottle. Enough Said. 

Thanks.  
positive Lavender.  Lavender. Lavender.  But in a good way :)
positive Judging from the positive reviews and love this fragrance gets, I made a blind buy ( actually 90% of my scents are).. 

It smells pretty nice as it projects. Smelt directly from the skin I gets a rough, synthetic after-smell.. Lots of vanilla in this one. 

Maybe it's because it was re formulated, I don't get the beast mode longevity and projection everybody talks about.. I even wore 4-5 sprays on a hot day, barely got notices.. 

Still happy it's in my small collection.. Barely escaped a neutral..

6-7/10

positive Salutation.

Yes LE MALE!This one is really great.elegant is the perfect way to describe.strong and definitely FRENCH style.masculine,beautiful,like a dream.

In my opinion Le MALE is clearly not for everyone.you either love or hate it.one spray is enough for long hours.well balanced and the base it very lovely for me.

One of the best fragrances in winter nights for me.perfect for smart stylish man.and one of the word is magical.

Thank You JPG.

82.5/10

negative After all these years, I can say with full confidence that I just don't like Le Mâle.  It feels good to finally get that off my chest...

I think almost everyone knows what this smells like by now, but if you don't, it's basically a lavendor/tonka fougere, sweetened with vanilla, cinnamon, and coumarin, kind of soapy and powdery, but kept from turning into a gourmand by a mix of exhaust-fume terpines, bleach, plasticky diaper musk, and smegma.

It actually kind of reminds me of Shalimar, but if Shalimar were reimagined by a punky gay weirdo who thought it would be funny to get unsuspecting people to wear a classic musk perfume that uses bleachy dried up sperm instead of musk.  As such, I get the joke, and I acknowledge the artistry, and the wink-and-nod to history, and the iconoclasm.  But I still think this smells nasty.
negative Synthetic at its best. Powdery synthetic scent. I dont get anything in it, it's too lame to separate the notes. I only get some "artificial" lavender. Hmmm...


negative Does nobody else get shaving foam, herbs and mustiness?

**/*
negative I've bought 125 ml for 40 €
I'm not an expert on reformulations. 
The scent is classy and great. I've owned dupes of this fragrance. 
Le male in its current state is not worth the money. Sillage is poor and the dry down is not that great. 
Kindlooks for 5 dollars is better and the sillage is far better than JPG LE MALE. 
negative I don't like to ramble on about reformulation's but this one is totally spoiled now ..it's dry and has lost all of its opulence and density..highly synthetic and basically its not been treasured or treated with any respect by the company that currently formulate it. I gave it away to my 14 year old nephew ..he likes it so at least it wasn't a complete waste of money.
negative The original JPG Le Male from the 90s was a masterpiece & had tremendous performance! Le Male has since been reformulated & most retailers are selling the reformulation. The reformulated version of Le Male does not smell or perform nearly as good as the original. It is not powdery, nor is it a powerhouse! I find it woodier in the dry-down. The vintage is a much darker juice/better formulation. A reformulated bottle will last 5 hours at most on my skin & project for the first hour. It is a shame that the house destroyed a beautiful fragrance. Not worth it - only buy if you can find the vintage juice!
negative I happened to be living in London when this was launched and was running into Harrod's on an errand when, right inside the door, a woman with a spritzer grabbed my arm and asked if I wanted to try this new scent.  Before I could answer, I was given a dose and I quickly moved on.  Before I was twenty steps into the store I knew that something was wrong.  Very wrong. What she sprayed on me was so vile, so gross, that I went straight to the men's room to wash it off.  It was on me ten minutes or so and I sniffed at it the whole time, wondering what was so "off" about this scent.  I was probably wearing Bel Ami at the time, so strong scents were no problem.  I also love Caron PuH and Ungaro II, and the vanilla lavender combo is a favorite, so what was so wrong?  To me it smelled overly strong, overly sweet and oddly bestial--and not in a good way (and as I mentioned, I like the civet in Ungaro II!).  Very similar to my reaction to Kouros, even though they are very different fragrances.  Even after a scrub in the gent's I emanated its evil odor for the rest of the day and felt like I needed to apologize to strangers who drifted into my wake.  Oddly enough, I have smelled it on other men since where it smelled just fine--actually tame and minty-fresh barbershop-like.  I might even like it now that it has been reformulated but I can never forget the visceral reaction that I had on first trying it. 

neutral I was looking for something different, no Le Male at all, but began to test several fragrances at a local Belk.  I got to Le Male and thought.  It smelled like something I already have, Body Kuros.  I do not know if BK has been reformulated but my juice in over a decade or so old now.  So my nose, from both, gets a spicy sweetness.  It is ok, but not something I would want to wear. I only wear BK a couple times a year. I cannot speak for longevity but the initial power is strong. I do not like the sticky sweet of it but others may find this appealing.   
neutral So I was out of my bottle which I got from my friends 11 years ago. So I purchased a 200 ML bottle for 60 euros. Bargain I thought for such an awesome smell, butt (yes, double T f....., thats how I felt)... WTF?!? Why the hell would you REFORMULATE YOUR BEST SELLING PERFUME JPG?!?! WHY?!?

Scent
Scent itself is a masterpiece, but this one smells less powdery than my previous bottle and more aqua...

8/10

Projection
Poor, ok projection for the first 90 minutes then it's bye bye kansas. My previous was a beast projection.

3/10

Longevity
Poor, getting max 5 hours. Used to get 15 hours of longevity. Stays over 24 hours on clothes though.

5/10

Versatile
Less suited for winter.

9/10

------
6.3 overall score

Neutral score cause of the scent and versatile score. I am so disappointed, not gonna buy this anymore. Well, atleast it was cheap, 100 ml for 30 euros. Poor projection and longevity and the whole world owns it now. There are better perfumes than this. 


neutral Powdery,sweet,gives me a nausea's feeling ,,,,really synthetic probably nice at a distance..Think i prefer it on others as opposed to myself...
If you like this frag and wished it was on another level then go for Amouage Reflection man....Stunning,upperclass,totally well blended scent similar to le male but on another level totally and goes a different direction at points...but yes similar.
neutral My nickname for this fragrance is "man in a can" because well, that's what the packaging is.

This is a good fragrance. The combination of mint, lavender, and vanilla has been duplicated many times, but this is still the original and best. However, at least where I live, men overspray this one quite frequently. One of my friends started wearing Le Male once, and he used so much that he could choke a small room.

So go ahead and wear Le Male - but please, don't overspray.
neutral Le Male is one of my few blind buys, and I regret it. It is constructed around a minty lavender opening and heart, and a sweet base of vanilla, musk and amber. I get some faint spices and woods throughout its lifespan on skin, but the trinity of mint, lavender and vanilla dominates everything else. While it scores for being quite original in scope and execution, I don't personally find the overall scent to be very agreeable. Moreover it seems to diffuse this sophomoric vibe and I cannot take it seriously at all. After hearing about all the wonders, I find its performance on my skin to be pretty average. 

For some reason I feel this would smell better on a woman. But I'm not recommending it to anyone. 
neutral sweet,fresh,sometimes annoying i'd say.Average longevity and projection for me
positive It is a fresh, cool and modern perfume.
The scent is soapy and lavendery.
It is an oriental-fougere type of perfume.  

It is a very popular perfume. 
I liked it so much, I bought it even though it is a man's perfume. So defiantly thumbs up for it. 
positive Thats a monster!!! but a good monster so good that it has became so common that I could not wear it any more.
Vanilla mixed with candy sweetness cinnamon and pepper with monster longevity and projection.
the bottle is just....bad!
positive I really enjoy this scent especially the dry down. I would say it's quite unique to other colognes on the market. all the notes fit together perfectly. I would only wear this scent in the winter as its quite gourmand like. In my opinion le male is one of the best gourmand fragrance out there. I would defiantly recommend this but I would say test before you buy because it might not be for everyone.
positive I am surprised I have never smelled this on anyone where I live besides myself. I love this notes in this one. One would think that mint, lavender, and vanilla would not work well together but they combine so well together to form a truly unforgettable scent. I always receive compliments in this scent and my wife is madly in love with this scent. A great fall and winter time fragrance.
positive an excellent fragrance overall excellent projection and longevity. i use this one for fall and winter. for school or office wear only wear one spray but for dates or going out 2-3. no more than 3 sprays. its just that mine came with a defective pump :(. but i will exchange it.
positive The opening is on another level to anything I've worn before. Powerful, juicy and mouthwatering. The projection before it dries is a force to be reckoned with. The drydown is also nice and this stuff lingers on the skin for a good amount of time.

Not completely masculine, but then again not perfumey at all.

The bottle is impressive, a real quality item. I have the 75 ml and it just feels great in the hand, the glass has a really smooth feel.

However, Le Male is of course a victim of it's own popularity. The first time I wore it on a night out, it was recognised and named by the first person I came across. For this reason I would never wear it regularly. 

Also if someone is wearing other than yourself,  it it can be a bit cloying.

4/5 - Shame about the fame!
positive jpg le male is a true classic in my eyes. Vanilla lavender combo one of the best in the business. This projects forever and lasts a long time. Its stood the test of time so you can get this one cheap. Im not sure how you could hate this other than the fact that you prob smelled it on someone before but who cares.  I definitely get compliments with this one. The dry down is strong and i like that! you can get this one cheap!
smell 7/10 not bad i love vanilla
longevity 10/10 beastmode 
projection 8/10 this might have been reformulated???? i remember it projecting better but idk..
positive Very nice lavender/vanilla fragrance with a slightly herbal minty opening. 
Great longevity and sillage.
positive Hated. Loved. Adored. Loathed. 

No matter where you stand with this masterpiece (if you don't have an opinion do yourself a favor) this is  a fragrance that is undeniable. When I wear this I am usually asked what it is...just the pronunciation of the maker and cologne does something to people. Of course those in the know either roll their eyes or smile. I don't usually go into the ingredients of colognes as one only needs to look that up- but the minty vanilla of Le Male is glorious and was a game changer when it appeared. Instantly recognizable both by scent and sight, a definite legend in its own time and in my mind.
positive Very very sensual barbershop smell. The trick: easy on the trigger. 
positive Very sweet.One of my first purchases of cologne. Very sweet smelling. Has a vanilla-powdery drydown.Pros: decent projectionCons: doesn't last as long as the original "
positive Best fragrance if u are looking for sweetness.	Well I was looking for it and finally found it last night...i just wanted to check how its is coz i asked someone to get it for me...when i smelled it I was completely in love with it...that sweetness and the dry down is excellent..cant wait for it :DPros: Long Lasting, Projects GoodCons: Expensive :P"
positive Fun and Lively	Le Male by Jean Paul Gaultier is one of the better lavender and vanilla based fragrance offered to this date.  This scent can have  a mysterious aphrodisiacal effect at times.  Just remember to put this scent on mildly.  It's quite potent so please consider others and the occasion in which this will be worn.  Overall, a beautiful scent that gives undivided female attention to its wearer.  
positive Pleasant, sweet, great longevityI enjoy this scent very much. Most fragrances wear very close to my skin so even something with the reputation Le Male has, I don't smother people or invade their nostrils. The vanilla is very nice and the powder is something new for me but it is also quite pleasant to me. I think this is a fragrance that is just predominantly going to be popular with the younger crowd more so than the older crowd, and once you've smelled it you can see why. I really enjoy it and plan on continuing to use it. To each his own. Some people can spray once and get a headache from the sweetness. I can spray 2-3 on and you won't know I'm wearing it until you get relatively close to me.Pros: Sweet, long lasting, projects wellCons: Can be too sweet for some people"
positive I love this stuff, and it gets me noticed more than just about anything else that I own. It is another scent that seems to suffer from extreme popularity, but nobody else in my inner circle even seems to know what it is. It is a very pungent, sweet smell that follows me around wherever I go. It is strong stuff, so I try to go light on the trigger. Awesome for the middle of winter, it cuts through the cold, dry air in my area and has a good festive smell.
positive I dont really like sweet fragrancies but this one, wow. The top notes are very clean and fresh but as it dries down it gets very very sweet, mainly vanilla and cinammon. It smells so damn god, i'd like to feel this scent even when i go to sleep :D.

I think this is one of those frags that you either love or hate but if you love its love at first sight.  Projection is good, just as longetivity, but it doesnt last any longer than 5-6 hours on my skin (its still very good, compared to other frags).

absolutely favourite
positive I know this is a very popular fragrance. And like all things as popular as this there will be some backlash. But this is a top notch fragrance. Very original and very good quality. You spray this on and it seems like it would last forever. Definitely a winter time scent. This should not even be sold in tropical countries. However this is one of my all time favorite fragrances. A++.
positive A very exquisite and expensive smelling fragrance. It is instantly noticable and recognised. I have had countless 'you smell nice' comments and it is without doubt a smell for the modern guy and the fragrance lasts for many hours. It is very well packaged and marketed and really goes down a treat with the ladies.
positive I smelt this today after reading alot of reviews about it and..

I was delighted :D

As its got alot of vanilla (I LOVE VANILLA) i did adore the smell; but it did come of as abit sweet, maybe abit too sweet? 

Also, i got abit of cherry from this? Anyone else get that or is this just me? cos i was getting some cherry and alot of vanilla on the dry down?

Anyway, even tho it is quite sweet, i am pretty sure i will pick up a bottle of this soon.
positive It took me a while to warm up to this fragrance but it is the fragrance that made me realize that you actually have to wear a particular scent before you can decide whether you like, love or hate it.  The opening of Le Male is what initially turned me off about the fragrance.  I got a peppery cardamom scent at the beginning that I didn't particularly care for.  That is what made write off this scent initially that was until I smelled Le Male on co-worker of mine that had gone into the dry down.  It made me actually test Le Male on my skin... well long story short is I got to experience the wonderful mint-lavender-cinnamon middle and the vanilla-tonka-amber finish.  Im still not a huge fan of the opening but still an overall great scent.  Projection is good while the longevity on my skin holds for 14+ hours.
positive Vanilla and mint dominate this frag. I enjoy it. I keep reading how projection and longevity are beast with this more but I don't experience that. 
positive It's a good fragrance. Not the best, but good enough to earn a thumbs up from me. It's a powdery sweet scent with great projection and longevity. The bottle design is amazing, and it looks great displayed on a shelf :) I own the limited edition flask version though. Once i get through with this bottle, I'm going to purchase another one for sure!
positive The first time I tested this I was not impressed and it was easily forgotten.
For Christmas my wife got me a sample pack from Sephora, this was one of the frags in the box.
I tested each one on my skin daily just to see the outcome, boy was I shocked.
This package contained two of my favorites, D&G The One and Gucci Guilty and
this one won me over after trying it on my skin.
4 hours in and I swear it is just as strong as when I put it on.
I am not usually a fan of the "soapy" smells but this one blows my mind.

I am a huge fan.
positive Crowded, synthetic. So what? If looking for a fragrance for a night out, that has good performance in skin and like the girls, this is your candidate.

negative Genre: Woody Oriental

This dull, aging, straight-laced, (if socially progressive,) straight guy grants kudos to the house of Jean Paul Gaultier for openly courting the gay male market well before it was politically correct to do so – back in those benighted times when “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” actually looked like a step forward. Insofar as the packaging and winking sailor boy from The Village People ad campaign were unambiguously and unashamedly targeted – not to mention decades in advance of Etat Libre d’Orange – I say good for Gaultier. I only wish they’d given the guys a better scent.

I have no idea what perfume critic Tania Sanchez was sniffing when she described Le Mâle as a “light, soapy lavender scent,” but to me the contents of the bottle with the bulging crotch rank among the loudest, crudest entries in the sugared 1990s tidal wave that included A*Men, Pi, Rochas Man, Lolita Lempicka au Masaculin and Joop! Homme. I find this especially remarkable given that it’s purported to be the work of Francis Kurkdjian , him of Enlévement au Sérail, Acqua di Parma Iris Nobile, L’Eau Noire, and Ma Dame. The composition smells very simple, and all I get out of it besides Ms. Sanchez’s lavender is powdery vanilla, amber, and a monstrously amplified note of ethylmaltol. This last is the same diabolically shrill, sweet aromachemical that lends the original Angel its syrupy consistency.

The development, if I may deign to call it that, is strictly linear, and the cloying sweet central accord persists at the olfactory equivalent of deafening volume for hour upon hour – which I count as no good thing, given how unpleasant I find Le Mâle. Contrary to some others, I actually find Kurkjian’s recent floral variation, Fleur du Mâle, far more wearable and interesting.

negative A classic scent destroyed by reformulationJean Paul Gaultier's Le Male was a masterpiece of simplicity and design. Some people thought it was a victim of its own success but popularity was never due to hype or marketing, rather it was down to one simple and fundamental truth (often forgotten in fragrance world), Le Male just smelled so bloody wonderful. Le Male was never a complex scent, just a perfectly balance of duality - its intense vanilla dry down tempered beautifully by mint and a hint of lavender. It was also renowned for its projection and longevity across the board, something rare with so many different and subjective reactions to fragrances. So it's with a heavy heart that I inform the reader that Le Male has, most likely, been reformulated as a shadow of its former self. I've purchased 5 bottles over the past six months, all from reputable sources and they have all inspired contempt and frustration. The new formulation has dropped the heavy vanilla dry down in favor of something more subtle. It's not unpleasant but it's far less sweet than the original formulation and seems a little more powdery. It has also become far less potent. In fact, I'd go so far to say that its projection is weak. It stays so close to the skin as to become none existent. Longevity remains decent - around 6-7 hours, less than its earlier incarnation - but because the projection is so slight and the scent so bland, longevity becomes mostly irrelevant. I don't think that there has been any official word from Jean Paul Gaultier but the forums are abuzz with speculation. I remained objective in my assessment - negative experiences with scents often comes down to fake bottles or stale perfumes - but I feel confident that I've given enough time, and enough money (!), to confirm my judgement. In conclusion, be wary when purchasing Le Male. I suggest hunting down older bottles, if you know what to look for (it's been suggested that the older formulations have darker stripes on the bottles). Otherwise, lower your expectations of this once beautiful creation and mourn the defiling of a classic male fragrance.Pros: Retains hints of its older versionCons: Weak projection, weak longevity, lack of vanilla intensity"

neutral Cuba Gold has bad, tacky packaging. JPG took Cuba Gold, found even worse packaging, and raised the price from $3.99 to $64. Le Mâle is God's way of telling you have too much money.
neutral Shalimar for Men. Then...... pleasant musk. 
neutral A sweetish, very synthetic scent with a sweet minty start that becomes increasigky flowery -mainly lavender - to be completely dominated by vanilla in the drydown. Overloaded and unbalanced at times, it's main fortes is a splendid longevity of eight hours in cool weather. 
neutral This is a very complex fragrance and it does involve into something interesting to say the least. I'll be honest and say it is semi pleasant but it is not my kind of scent and I wouldn't wear it in public. First initial impression is baby powder and vanilla.

Try it before you buy it.

positive There's nothing left to say about this wonderful scent. Classic and timeless, definetely a must have for any fragrance lover. A wonderful mix of lavender, vanilla and tonka bean (mainly) that lingers for a long time in your skin. Thumbs up!
positive I love this stuff..  Been wearing it for years, and yeah a lot of people wear it, but it lasts a long time and I think it smells great.  Asked for another bottle for Christmas this year..
positive What an absolute classic this is.

The first 5 seconds of this fragrance is possibly my favourite smell in the world. A blast of fresh, minty masculinity. The drydown calms down but is still really pleasant and agreeable, you won't find a woman that doesn't love the way this smells on you. 

Lasts forever, very versatile, the bottle is a classic on your shelf, can't ask for anything more. 
positive Great fragrance, a little synthetic but had a great projection and longevity. The girls love it. : )
positive one of the all time clasics,( cool water, acqua di gio). unrealistic smell of mint,cinnamon and vanilla that is done perfect. if you love sweet orientals this is for you. beware of the bootleggers. if you get the 4.2 oz bottle for 30 bucks you have been scammed. this, chanel and acqua di gio are the most bootlegged scents..
positive Even though this one has been around for a while, I have to rate in as if I just smelled it for the first time. Longevity is a beast on this one. The scent is on point also. The only thing about this frag is everyone has it. If you want to stand out of the crowd, this may not be for you. But if you want a scent that's going to hang around for a while, this is your juice.
positive VANILLA BOMB!!!

So whats there to say about this 1 that hasn't been said? Not Much anyway...I just had to get this Gem of a fragrance. Growing up in middle school i used my brothers Cuba gold all the time it just smelled so sweet and elegant, idk lol thats just how i pictured it at the time. A few years later after wearing Eternity and Hugo(again my brothers haha) i found out Cuba gold was a "knock off" of JPG, it had been years since i had smelled cuba gold so i figured why not give this "JPG" a try. So i purchased a bottle, initially i was thinking "what the heck is this?". I smelled traces of cuba gold but nothing too similar. Than about an hour into it i start smelling something familiar ,i start sniffing my wrist And Wow it smelled just how i remembered cuba gold smelling like but much better...

Anyway now that i own a few more bottles this stuff smells somewhat dated it just brings back a lot of fond memories, and its no longer my favorite :( haha...Nevertheless i still LOVE the smell once it settles down after about an 1hr into it. It just starts off too strong thats my only Knock on it. But as stated this is Either a Love or hate fragrance.

Three words To describe this VANILLA, VANILLA, SEXY....Not the best Vanilla scent but its not Ever so popular for NO reason!

positive The classic manly vanilla fragrance. Over here in Georgia, USA not many people wear it, so this is fantastic.The smell is excellent: minty, lavenderish vanilla. Potency is great with this fragrance, and I don't find it cloying if you over spray (the mintiness and comforting feel of the vanilla are not heavy). Should be good all year around, summer time included (nights preferably). Spring time I think is the best time for this fragrance, since I like to bring out the really gourmandy scents in the coldest weather. This is definitely great for regular temperatures though. Will get attention and cause smiles. Great fragrance.
positive If you like vanilla and mint this is for you! The performance is incredible. Sure, its not the most natural smelling thing, but if all your worried about is smelling natural then why don't you stick to BO. This scent is delicious and a lot of women love it. If your in highschool this might be great for you. Not many kids where good fragrances at that age, and with this being so sweet it will set you apart from all the fresh scenes kids wear. Just go easy on the trigger and you'll be good. Also the colder is gets the better this smells. There's just something inviting about this in cooler weather. 
positive Awesome. I love it. My only problem is it reminds me of shockwaves hair get from the 1990's
I dont think its as popular in the Uk as it used to be i think the the kids have moved on to 1 million and other frags now.
Its fairly linear which suits me fine no worrying about what its going to develop into and its strong. 2 sprays at most are all you need. Its almost like someone lets off a mint and vanilla bomb. Good for nights out, might be too cloying in summer when its hot

positive Lot of people has got their own views about JPG LE MALE but it's one of the best perfumes ever created.I feel ,it's ignored by by a lot reviewers because it's used by a hell lot of people and its very common.Otherwise this perfume is a great creation ,no one can deny the fact.It's a mint and vanilla bomb.I dont really know any other perfume which has got such a day long staying power.Its truely a monster.People might talk about A*Man,Joop and lot of other things but these all do not posses the same quality notes.I use it in the morning and it keeps on going strong till evening.As far as the projection concerned ,no other can beat this.Belive it or not.Guys ,if you want to find out mistakes ,you can find it out anywhere,even in the most greatest things in the world.
positive Love it, been wearing it since high school. Sweet, woody, vanillic, and yes it is a bit synthetic and overdone. But its JPG after all.

Also it has in my opinion the best executed note of cumin in perfumery: it does not smell one iota like mexican or middle eastern food, it does not smell one bit like very bad body odour (which is why I dislike cumin), yet it adds a slight funk to the blend as it dries down and descends from the sweeter, heavier, louder top into the lower pitched coumarin-rich vanillic base. Very nice, provided you don't bathe in it.

Also I've noticed that last year's formula tweaking lessened its sillage, and it now seems to spoil very quickly. I kept an unsealed bottle of a formulation from about 10 years ago, and its fine, but 10 months with the newer formulation and it smells like its beginning to deteriorate, but still quite good.

End of the day: don't care about how overdone it is, how widely it is used, and the type of people who use it. Its a great fragrance, and does me very well. 4.5/5.
positive I live in St. Louis, MO - and this one is pretty well known in these parts as a club-only scent. I faked hating it for a long time before I would admit to owning a bottle. The stuff is truly beautiful. I have seen women literally roll their eyes in pleasure when sniffing my shirt. It smells a little fem to me, but hey - the wife loves it, so it has a home in my collection of bottles. There is no denying it's authority. One spray would get me through a weekend on the farm working around pigs.
positive Scent: Mint, Vanilla, Lavendar, Spices (Sweet/Spicy)

Usage: From 1 being rarely used by people and 5 being most commonly used, this fragrance gets a 5.  It's very popular and best-selling, for good reasons, but at the same time it's own success is what makes it for some people difficult to wear because they do not want to smell like several other guys.

Longevity: Lasts 6 to 10 hours (8 for me)

Projection: Initially overpowering, so wear a half hour before going out.  Stays strong throughout, doesn't die down.

Sprays: Since it is very strong, I recommend only 1 spray.  2 at the very most.  NEVER any more than 2.

Caveats: If you find sweet scents cloying, you may not like this.  This is a very sweet fragrance.

Recommended Age Group: Younger crowd (15 to 30), but anybody though.

Overall Rating: 9 out of 10 

Verdict: A classic, that belongs in all collections.

positive If you've been to a bar or club in the last decade in a major city you've smelled multiple guys rocking this. Powdery, floral, spicy, woody. It's pretty complex and it is ubiquitous for a reason. Women like it. It projects like crazy. It basically kicks noses in the balls and takes no prisoners. It's very masculine in that sense, even if it is pretty powdery and floral. 

Night-only people. Preferred in the winter/fall. I smell far too many undergrad-types sporting this during the day in the summer. It gets cloying and can turn many people off, especially in close quarters. 

Still, it's well made, is loved by men and women alike, and has a proper place in the clubbing scene. Just don't overdo it.
positive Opens up with sweet lavender and by the hour i get a nice spicy fresh vanilla and as the hours go by i pick up a slight cinnamin,and all i smell now is vanilla and what i believe is "mint". Very good :).
positive The scent is pretty good and projects awesome. I'd only would wear this on clubbing nights and I don't want to be wearing what the guy next to me is wearing so its a no for me. Ladies do like this.
positive I don't know what it is about Le Male, but it sends me into a frenzy! Perhaps because it reminds me of someone? The powdery sweetness of the vanilla combined with mint, cardamom and cinnamon is the perfect mix of sugar and spice, surprisingly quite masculine. However, I'm a female and wouldn't hesitate to wear this either. Someone in another review compared it to "body funk," but it reminds me of a freshly perspired man, skanky in a good way!
positive Very sweet, powdery, a bit minty and some tobacco, to my nose. But I would stress VERY powdery and sweet, and fairly linear. Sillage is not as impressive for me as for others, but no slouch. Longevity ia about 4-6 hours projecting, and another 2-4 very close, maybe 6-8 overall. This is very similar to Joop! Homme to me, and if you like sweet and if you like one, I would think you would like the other. I think it is worthowning one, but not both. I picked up Joop! first, so I will pass on le Male. I believe Joop! costs less as well, not sure. Also, Joop! has more longevity foe me.

Good scent, very powdery, a bit feminine, in fact, reminiscent of Joop! to me, and I prefer the latter.  However, I am not averse to powdery sweet on occasion, and this one is a pleasant enough interpretation of that, with some other fun notes mixed in, so thumbs up for me.
positive Now this fragrance has one of the best projection and longetivity. This is definetaly a sweet smell, so use it sparingly. Half to one full spray is enough for me. This is a good compliment getter if you wear it right. One of my faves.

negative Sweet scent at first sight but too much for my taste. It becomes invasive and unpleasant.
negative With all the amazing reviews I read about this, i just HAD to try it.  I WANTED to like it... but alas, it was not for me.  
When sprayed on the test strip of paper, it was very forgettable, with an undertone i wasn't sure of.  Surely that was just something subtle on thetop notes that would wear off eventually.  So I tried it on my skin.
For 45 minutes all I got was babypowder that had something subtle trying to come out.  Eventually the hidden note came out:  Vanilla.
If vanilla and babypowder are notes you enjoy, then this is the frag for you.  Sadly, I didn't feel that it lived up to the expectations made by all the reviews.  IMHO.
negative Le male contains some of my favourite notes and I was eager to try it.  I really liked this fragrance on the blotter.  Then, I sprayed some on my wrist.  Big mistake!  After 20 minutes, I smelled like I spilled a bottle of Musk for Men by Jovan (a horrible cheap drugstore fragrance that was all too popular back in the 70's).  For months, my mouse pad reeked of white musk. Oddly enough, musk is not mentioned in Le male's olfactory pyramid.  I wonder what it is that reacts so bad on my skin.

Maybe Le male is a great fragrance on some men but on me, it is utterly revolting.  Headache in a bottle, unfortunately.
negative so sweet it mekes me sick, are you sure this was intented for males to use it?
negative I keep trying this one and it's just as nasty as the last time I tried it on.  Smells like a syntheticly sweet plastic.  An assault on the senses.
negative THIS SCENT LASTS FOREVER AND A DAY! I had a spray in a shop and the initial very alcoholly blast put me off a little. After about 20 minutes it blends into a spicy vanilla scent. I personally struggled smelling any lavender or mint but there you go. I really don't see what the big fuss is with this fragrance. However, the sillage/projection/longevity cannot be faultered.

neutral This fragrance (Le Male) is in the same category as Chergui and Givenchy Pi: baby wipes.

When reviewing a fragrance, it is best to cast aside personal preference and try to rate the fragrance objectively. The cardamom, caraway, and cinnamon add depth and warmth, while the vanilla and tonka bean turn the whole thing into a delicious baked treat. I’m having a tough time picking up on the mint. The lavender adds a masculine nuance, but in the end it’s all about a baby’s rear end.

Here’s the breakdown:
Le Male: baby wipes + spices 3.5/5
Chergui: baby wipes + hay and tobacco 3/5
Pi: baby wipes + baby wipes + vanilla 2/5

neutral Not a bad scent.  Just way to sweet for my meat!
neutral it reminds me of the barber shop which i visited with my dad they used a powder which exactly smelled like this
neutral This is a nice little fragrance, but sadly underwhelming. Top notes are cinnamon, cardamom, with a hint of lavender/ginger. Middle is clean linen. Once dry it is powdery vanilla. Not that the success of a fragrance should be measured by this, but I can't catch the scent 10 minutes after applying it. Occassionally, I will catch the faint vanilla. It wears close to the skin with absolutely no projection or sillage. Starts of well, but loses stamina and complexity almost immediately. I would not purchase this again. 
positive This is enjoyable, interesting and evocative for me, but will not be for everyone. Tuscan Leather kicks off with a photorealistic rendition of new car leather, cocaine and raspberry. It’s brash, unashamedly synthetic and in your face in a manner I particularly enjoy, in the same way that many people find getting a whiff of petrol to be pleasant. 

As the alkaloid/diesel top dies down it turns into a mixture of spicy hide with a solid chemical base that never seems to let its opening go away completely. For a 2012 batch performance is strong lasting over 12 hours, sillage is tight and dense. 

It’s simple to describe, easy to like, but challenging to justify a full bottle at Private Label prices is dicey.... for one simple reason. 

Fahrenheit.

If Fahrenheit is a hardworking, modest, industrialist millionaire, Tuscan Leather is his depraved, entitled trust fund douche bag son. Amazing execution and all, is Tuscan Leather worth triple the asking price of the father of this style? 

Still a definite thumbs up and I’m very happy with my decant. But if you haven’t referenced Dior’s masculine classic, that ought to be your jumping off point. 
positive One of the best modern leathers on the market today and worthy of all the acclaim and buzz. There is a reason it get's copied by Clive Christian and others as it's a modern designer masterpiece, great job with this one TF! A must try.
positive Narcotique;..-- Narcotico!

Bare with my bullshit, please...

So... Here we go. I first read about TL some years ago... prior to my stay in France (studied language there for six months). Seem'd like my type of scent. Elegant, dark leather, wow I thought. I was still - who knows maybe am still today - in my initiation phase; I praised perfume as "status symbol", as a garment, in a way - but let's not forget I've always genuinely adored scents and tastes etc. 

Today.. many years later.. it hit me what Tuscan Leather really portraits. Although, I had always bare a good hint; 

Let me give you a clue: When arriving in Provence, south of France, I wore my thrifted Armani jacket. I'm 99.99% sure it's a fake. However it's black, and it's suede, or at the least fake suede. First time applying TL was in France, I wore that jacket, covered it, three sprays or so. Lovely! for me TL was always sort of that black suede. Then later during my trip I went to a The Kooples, spotted a suede leather jacket... I went to some other designer store, spotted a black suede coat... which was REALLY expensive... Never really cared about their scent, prolly didn't sniff em, but to me they screamed: TL!

Today some new gloves of mine arrived by mail, as my old ones got lost..

I ordered a pair of brown leather gloves and a pair of black, also suede. They differ only in two aspects: color and odor. The brown leather has a much more, shall I say, musty odor; I think it's more accurate to the actual smell of purely tanned leather, lacking the sweetness of black suede - when leather gets tanned for the western market, it's chemically or perhaps sometimes organically treated to give it a less harsch scent/odor; leading to leathers smelling differently, usually the same color of leather have similar scent, for example: I can tell if there's a beige leather sofa in a room, or if your sneakers are white, just by sense of smell).

Now the TL;DR

Tuscan leather smells sweet like black suede. The black suede I smelled was made from goat leather. Although I find these aspects in the black goat suede too, raspberry and ashy smoke are amplified in TL. There's also something tobacco-ey. And something moist, watery, perhaps a moist rose, an absolute, which might definitely be used also for the black suede tanning. Or perhaps I'm mixing stuff up here.. As i brings both noir the noir and oud by MFK to mind, I though it was rose, but only NdN has rose, but both of them has saffron, so does TL, perhaps it's the saffron, which may be used for black suede tanning, too. The thyme is there, too. Perhaps that's why it'a so powdery, dry. 


I Imagine Tuscan leather as gothic, mysterious, sort of Johnny Depp in Sleepy Hollow. 

A Tuscan gentleman, in black suede.     







positive Powerful, very distinctive masculine fragrance with a bittersweet raspberry effect.

I would not call it a leather fragrance except in a completely abstract sense, and I doubt whether many people would describe it in these terms, were it not for the name. It is a million miles from the odour of shoes or leather goods.

On the other hand I am aware that perfumers use the term leathery  to denote fragrances with a certain dry smoky phenolic quality due to the presence of quinolines, an example being aramis. 

If you had to describe this perfume to someone who had never encountered it, you might say it is aramis on steroids, plus a mountain of raspberries.
positive You're doing yourself a disservice if you like leather notes, but haven't tried this one. I love leather perfumes and this is one of the best - maybe a toss up between Acqua di Parma leather.
positive A true delight to wear. 

Definitely a masculine, refined and confident fragrance. 

It will always be in my collection.

8/10
positive Original:
Alright. I'm about 15+ hours into Tuscan Leather. I was not a fan of the initial smell, but it did grow on me. I didn't know about the whole Drake song, and the pop culture references to it. I guess I somehow missed that. I'm not a hip hop guy. The drydown I didn't feel was super different. Becoming used to smelling it, it smells unique. It smells male. The rasberries are there, but it is not overly fruity. I can understand people liking this fragrance. I reapplied 8 hours in and it is still kicking. I know I can still get wafts of it without burying my nose. Good/great performance. 

Supplemental: This is a great fragrance.  The smell is addictive.  The performance is stellar.  It is a sweet masculine leather.  Never have to worry about wearing it in any situation.  
positive The Tuscan Leather

I sprayed this one on paper at the Ataturk Airport in Istanbul. I instantly fell in love with it. Even on paper there was a good projection, and the longevity +12 Hours.

On my return, I sprayed it behind my ears. What I got was smoky-leather with a hint of sweet Raspberry.. Exquisite scent. The leather is done very very well. 

The character of this scent is seductive,mature and masculine at the same time.
Even though it's Unisex, it is more suitable for men than for women.
positive Pro: This is an instantly likable male scent (not that a woman couldn't wear it, but it is not surprising on a man). The raspberry/leather combination works well, imo.

Contra: Comes off as pretty synthetic, and has little development. This is very linear. 

At this price, not fb-worthy for me. Not a bad bottle to have, though.
positive Magnificent leather experience! Reminiscent of fine-quality leather jackets, wafting with smooth berry and spice and luxurious suede. 

Tom Ford's "nose" paints a picture of something rich and dignified, using an interesting array of notes to achieve an atypical leather scent. 

Thus, it is in the perception and expectation of the smeller how it ultimately comes across: Pleasant or putrid, pricy or cheap, relatable or alienating.

I find it lush, glorious, thought-provoking and overall very classy. Opinions will and do vary on this one!
positive Greetings. Tuscan Leather by Tom Ford, from the scent connoisseur's perspective -
Truly a Masterpiece!
Worth all its notoriety and hype garnered.
Easily the one of the most elegant masculine fragrances I've had the pleasure of encountering. 

Vintage Tom Ford

As polarizing as this is, what this fragrance evokes to me is the inside of a luxurious car's leather interior with a wonderful smokey saffron note which makes this fragrance stand in its own distinguished class from other great leather fragrances.

As for the highly mentioned...raspberry note, I cannot speak to this, I do not detect raspberry because I have no clue what a raspberry smells like.

With that said - word to the wise: TRY BEFORE YOU BUY! This is not for everyone, this is not versatile, and this is not a mass pleaser. 
It takes a certain level of unapologetic arrogance and apathy to rock this fragrance because it will offend plenty. It comes with the territory and just draws attention that way. Not a fragrance to overspray by any means.

This is an Alpha Male fragrance worthy of the podium it sits on and its Golden Tom Ford crown it wears.

10/10 rating.
positive Strong, bitter leather with honey, green spices and smoke. Very well crafted. 
positive I didn't want to love this one (especially at the price!) but when I ordered a bunch of samples, Tuscan Leather kept calling me back.

Smells like a fine Italian leather jacket, not a saddle or catchers mitt.  The raspberry in the background makes it fascinating.  I don't get any smoke.

Tuscan Leather lasts well over 12 hours for me.  1 spray is it for me so I can't really comment on the sillage.

This is a love it or hate it frag.  Not a good blind buy and I wouldn't recommend it for steamy summer days but I think everyone should sample Tuscan Leather for reference.

positive Where do I start???

When I first tried Tuscan Leather I thought it was too over bearing. Maybe too opulent and full of leather and nothing else. After playing around with it over the past few years I have come to appreciate this wonderful fragrance. 

Tuscan Leather does come across as full on. It does come across as a bit of a playboy. It does come across as slightly aggressive and cocksure. So I can see how some of the more reserved members could find it repulsive.

I actually get more suede than leather. I get the slight raspberry/tart note. Other than that the fragrance is pretty linear. What you get at the start will be what you get at the finishing line.

With regards to the cocaine association, I totally get it. And it's not just a fleeting note. It's there. To me it's deliberate. As someone who has never really been into that scene, I confess that I am no expert. However, I know what the stuff smells like and it's all here.

This is a statement fragrance. You will stand head and shoulders above the rest. Just be sure to pick and choose the right occasion. 




positive Nice leather scent. The raspberry really does sit beneath it and is difficult to detect. It does dry down to a sweet vanilla, but my skin loves vanilla and always makes it more pronounced. Elegant and cozy. I wore it frequently this winter.
positive A classy bright leather based fragrance.
Tuscan leather is one of those fragrances that smells better when it is sniffed from a distance rather than up close. i get the raspberry and saffron in the opening followed by a bright and sharp leathery note. it does not smell dark to me. longevity is excellent.

Rating: 8.7/10
positive Tuscan Leather is probably the closest thing to an animalic that I'll wear. The opening smells like oiled leather. The oil is strong to my senses, almost more so than the leather to begin with. It's not unpleasant and feels musty and earthy to some degree. I found myself waiting for the raspberry to appear. I'm now three hours in and the addition of the raspberry with the oiled leather smells great! I'm enjoying it much more now. I'm at seven hours in now and this has mellowed into a wonderfully enjoyable fragrance. The "oiled" smell has dissipated to the point that it's barely noticeable now. At the lower level it adds more to the composition in my opinion. I've had four female co-workers tell me today that this smelled great! That's a pretty decent testimonial!
positive Being number 9 in a series of 16 reviews on critically acclaimed and noteworthy scents. 

For my money, Tuscan Leather provides a very good middle path between completely rugged leathers, which I can give or take, and fragrances that incorporate leather in some form as a subsidiary accord. 

It starts off with a version of leather that is robust enough to be believable, and as per the name is redolent of a high quality leather garment or accessory straight out of an exclusive boutique somewhere in Italy. The transition is a gradual but smooth one, working through various florals, perhaps gardenia and violet, to end with a sweetish raspberry accord that retains just enough of the leather to make it work. Once the leather at the beginning wears off, TL betrays its unisex origins. I would like to smell this on a woman and see what happens (with the development of the fragrance). 

Sillage is uncompromising and longevity nuclear. The quality is high and while I am not likely to part with the money for it any time soon, it keeps you interested. I think I'm a fan. 
positive Stardate 20160908:

A great modern fruity leather. While no BelAmi in composition, it is more wearable.

It is a trendsetter and hence copied shamelessly (and improved IMO) by PdM's Godolphin, AdP Colonia Leather, La Yuqawam etc.

Everyone should smell this and the others listed above. And then buy one that suits you the best.





negative There’s a blatant dirty note in this - I’m surprised it’s not mentioned more.  The first time I tested this on skin, I even went to my kitchen spice rack in the hopes I could identify this almost-but-not-quite sweaty smell.  No dice - thyme smells totally different.  I’m not able to discern any raspberry (or any other fruity note), no jasmine, either.  As it dries down, it becomes very petrochemical and finally I get a clear peek at the leather.  The black leather is hard, nothing soft or suede-like (I ride a Harley, and my black leather reference is the smell of my riding chaps).  The gasoline smell eventually slides away to leave leather standing alone.  I’ve tried this several times now and the conclusion I’ve arrived at is the drydown (just ok, not great) isn’t worth what I have to endure to get there.
negative This is a very dry leather. As if you're smelling a totally dried up tan leather hide at a manufacturer's place. If there's even raspberry present in the opening, it's a very papery one and almost not present at all. Also, it's as if the stem of the plant has been scraped too. 

After the opening the spicyness is, well, awful. A harsh thyme, making it lean towards the scent of a kitchen spices cupboard. My best description atttempt: a concoction of thyme, cloves and sharp incense.

If only that leathery opening just remained as is. I would have rated it neutral. More raspberry and with the spice mess out of it, I would've rated it positive even. Where Tuscan leather goes however after the opening is just.. bad, for a lack of better words. Oh and then there's the price...
negative Not unpleasant just joyless; a monotone ashtray experience. 
negative Made the mistake of putting this on my skin.  Leatherman leather scent mixed with Estee Lauder Beautiful.  Don't get me wrong, Beautiful is a good aldahydic floralish, but putting cheap leather over the top is worse than me putting Li over "the leather scent" (try it, you'll like it).  For what you are charging for Estee Lauder crap - you should be ashamed.  I mean you really cute and alll..wait, no, you should be ashamed.  Also, leather was gone in less than 15 minutes.  Seriously?  Just use a little more of the fetish shop oil.  That shit lasts all day.
negative This is a complete joke. If want to smell like leather buy Rasasi La Yuqawam which is more subtle and fresh (as much as any leather can be) and is almost a delight.
If you want to be ripped off with a lower quality fragrance then Tom Ford it is but rest assured no one who smells it will know. Maybe you want to feel you smell like the inside of a Veyron? After all art should be for you not the beholder. In this case Tom Ford's bank account.

Fragrance: 2/5
Projection: 3/5
Longevity: 3/5
negative Disappointing from Tom Ford, especially with the price tag. I don't consider it as unisex, definitely masculine, but it is way behind Noble Leather and Leather Oud. The smell is much raw and dirtier and resembles my mate's 2007 Vauxhall Astra, or maybe dirty football socks. There are much better leather fragrances available for the same price or less.

neutral First of all I must confess to being a new nose to reviewing fragrances and have only recently developed a collection. Since starting my collection I’ve developed a distinct preference for Tom Ford’s scents.
When I sprayed Tuscan Leather on my skin for the first time I really didn’t like it. It smelled like very old dry leather without a hint of the fruit and spice it’s supposed to contain. To give it a real world description it was reminiscent of an old saddler’s museum with the old saddles and bridles on display.
However, a couple of hours later the stale oldness faded and a more distinct leathery and fruitiness remained.

neutral Nothing special about this one. The opening smells like a taxi driver who wears an used leather jacket. All the notes are synthetic to the bone. 

After the dry down it is like the taxi driver sprays a cheap deodorant on his leather jacket and now he also smells like raspberry. Strange and illogical mix.

neutral In the beginning this out blacks Bvlgari  black. Definitely gasoline oil rag auto shop smell. Drive down pretty fast, doesn't seem like it's got the legs that Italian cypress had. Just doesn't envelop you like that one.  I needed to put the whole sample on. 
Avg longevity and projection.
neutral I'm torn.  I personally find it to be an interesting scent if a little overbearing.  My wife on the other hand hates it.  Her great aunt used to be a heavy smoker, so to my wife this smells like her aunt's car.  A mixture of stale smoke mixed with a mature feminine perfume? Do I want to smell like that? Probably not. Also, maybe it's me, but have any of these perfumers ever actually smelled leather? This does not smell like leather...
neutral I loved this scent from the first spray... I tested in my skin and bought a 50ml bottle from 2016. For my bad luck the scent on my skin will last at top 4 hours and sillage almost none, projection about 2hours... maybe it is my nose but when I dont smell it on my skin is because it is not working... true shame...I tested again in different boutiques and it is the same...probably this 2016 batches are not good or it was reformulated...the smell of the first spray it is magic, classic what a true gentlemen should smell with a nice suit...
positive I love everything about this.  It is spicy, leather, wonderful sillage and longevity.  Best of the Tom Ford line...EXCEPT ONE THING...La Yuqawam pour Homme Rasasi smells IDENTICAL and costs under $100 while this is in the neighborhood of $200
positive If Tom Fords Tuscan Leather were a wine, It would be a huge unapologetic Cabernet. This is massive leather with crushed blackberry,raspberry and saffron beneath it. This scent is sophisticated testosterone in a bottle that will bully all your other fragrances. Think Ron Swanson in a leather chair, smoking a cigar and drinking his Lagavulin whiskey by a crackling Yule log.

Mar
17
2016 

positive Thus stuff is awesome, I mean really awesome. Definitely stout and maybe too much for some but you have to appreciate the raw power in just one spray. It Exudes a confident aura of ruggedness. I have been through three samples/decants this winter and looking to get a bottle soon. Top note is definitely a rich leather kind of like Connolly hides in an antique British roadster with some sweet smoke mixed in. I get hints of the raspberry but my nose is so enamoured by the leather it doesn't stay with me. Again expensive and should be sampled thoroughly but special in so many ways.
positive I'm not saying that you have to have a rough style with leather bracelets and other male jewlery, but it definitely helps if you are comfortable having a bit of a Johnny Depp-esque style if you are going to pull this off. Rough, confident men can wear this. 

Fantastic, authentic smell, but not for everyone. 
positive Salutation.

The stuff of addiction.If you've ever wanted to be so classy, sophisticated and sensual that is intrigues your presence,much like JAMES BOND,then TUSCAN LEATHER TOM FORD would be your perfume of choice.The private Blend lineup is full of great choice like this one and Tobacco Vanille.this my new favorite is truly a gem because not many poople wear it and this smells far better than 90% of the fragrances out in the market today. TUSCAN LEATHER exudes class and demands the envy of others. Rich,Leathery,Smoky, Special,Bitter,Expensive,Addictive and Masterpiece.

This great fragrance opens with saffron and raspberry for a powerful introduction,before fading into a heart of jasmine and olibanum.finally leathery notes bring a warm masculinity to the base however it is a unisex but i found it more masculine than feminine. the dry down is absulutely unique.it definitely a perfume that can worn to formal prties and all formal occassions.the best seasons Autumn and Winter to wear it.ideal for a rich tycoon. everyone who thinks this kind of perfumes are too expensive and junky,then dosent have a right perception of essence of perfume world.expensive yes,but so worth it.it smells like you spent a fortune on it and will leave you wanting to wear it day after day.Royal Enchanment in a bottle!

Sillage?Great.

Longevity?+8 hourson my skin.

7.75/10
positive This cologne is REALLY incredible.  The name describes it well.

The first time I sprayed it on, it hit me. ...it reminded me of a very particular aroma.

When I was a kid, i remember trying to wear my grandpa's old leather bomber jacket. --You know, the type with the woolen collar?  The jacket just had a smell, an aroma, an aura.  It smelled like all the fun and cool things my grandpa liked to do.  It smelled of tobacco pipe smoke, a gentleman's hint of some sort of booze, old exhaust-beaten leather and it smelled dirty, but earthen and not odorous.

I wish I could post an old photo of him in that jacket.  The picture alone would exude "Tuscan Leather".

The dry down doesn't change the aroma as much as some other Tom Ford samples I've tried, it stays consistently the same type of aroma from start to finish.  I really enjoyed it.  8/10 for me.
positive A classically-masculine smooth leather, with elements of woodiness and smokiness.   This mostly lives up to the hype, though I'm not surprised since most Tom Ford Private Blend fragrances impress on uniqueness or strength at least.  As I'm not typically a fan of leather notes, I was surprised how agreeable this was.  I cannot detect the raspberry note specifically, though some of the floral/grassy elements are there.

Projection and longevity are both strong (more than a foot, and 8+ hours), though not as a strong as other TF PB cold weather entries like Tobacco Vanille or  Noir de Noir.  Nonetheless, it's worth trying and considering, even for the price tag, as it's well-crafted and pretty highly-concentrated

If I were bigger on leather, I would surely opt for this.  Any man should try it for himself, though, even those like me that are not usually too keen on leather.

8 out of 10 
positive This fragrance lived up to the hype for me, but was more refined and 'civil' than I had expected. Very little raspberry to my nose (and almost no smoke) with a prominent leather scent that's simultaneously raw yet soft.

Maybe my nose is going haywire, but on dry down I get pencil shavings, yet there's no cedar listed in the notes... maybe it's the olibanum + the styrax together? Regardless, it works. The leather and wood give me the ambience of a craftsman's workshop.

It's tenacious. I can't speak to projection/sillage, but it seems potent enough on my skin that I dare not more than two sprays.

Not complex at all yet seems perfectly blended... incredibly smooth yet the leather gives it a nice edge. The price hurts but I don't care -- I love this stuff.
positive I love leather scents and Tom Ford Tuscan Leather (sample from TPC - theperfumedcourt.com) does not disappoint!  Thyme was very present at first, but I only caught a whiff of raspberry up top then more developed later.  I detected leather on opening, the heart and at the base.  A very rich, expensive leather with a hint of smokiness to it and a background of suede at drydown.

I wore this to work (big mistake!), and it was a bit much for the office.  In future, I’d wear this in more casual settings or a night out.  The projection and sillage are incredible (which I adore) so a little over the top to my nose for a professional setting.  I would step out of my office and return 15-20 minutes later and still smell “me” in the room.  I put this on before work in the morning and it was almost as strong when I got home at night 10 hours later!  I also used 4 sprays (chest, neck, wrists), and next time I’d probably just do 1 good spray to the chest.  I had forgotten before putting this on it was an EDP.

IMO this is really a very masculine scent and I’m not convinced it is unisex.  Unless you REALLY love being enveloped in the scent of leather all day this should be avoided, and the scent is enhanced beautifully when outside in the cold weather - Yum!!  I’d recommend only 1 – 2 good sprays.  I love this, and will probably procure a small 5ml vial from TPC since you can buy small quantity juice there, just to have some on hand for special occasions when I want a sophisticated leather fragrance in the winter months.

As always, your results may vary!
positive I thought the same thing when the woman at Nordstroms sprayed me with it.Oh man Leather on my skin now I smell just like a coat and I live in FL so it was warm outside and I would walk pass people thinking I smell like  a leather coat in 75 degree weather. But as I left and went home the most amazing thing happened I rolled down the window and my gosh the most beautiful smell arose and entered my nostrils.  I looked at the freshener in the car nope and smelled my arm where she sprayed and it was awesome.  The dry down was amazing so much so I turned around and went back 20 min to pick it up.  So many compliments now at work. It works well in the heat also. Love it 10 Thumbs up
positive This is the right fragrance at the right time for me. It has the concentrated niche smell I love, and it's a smoky leather version that is perfectly safe and enjoyable.

Update: This stuff lasts forever on clothing but isn't too powerful if it touches skin only. The development is challenging, and my initial enthusiasm has turned to caution. I'm leaving it as thumbs up, but I need to wear it more to decide if it's really for me, and something I'm sure I like. I'm thinking it may go into the neutral category, but I'm giving myself time to try to understand the Tom Ford Private Blends, and whether they're actually any good.
positive SMOKE!

That is all I could smell in the opening of this one, but not a mild cigar type smoke.  More like an industrial coal burning smoke, extremely strong for the first hour or so.

The dry down has now mellowed to a gorgeous raspberry note backed up by an oriental or middle eastern fragrance that I can't quite put my finger on.

The stangest thing is, i'm not really getting leather as such, perhaps the vaguest hint is there but certainly not in the foreground. (must be my un-educated nose).

When I first sprayed this on I was a bit overwhelmed (the opening is SO powerful), and thought that if I smelled like this the entire day I wouldn't wear it again.  But after an hour or so it calms down, and then you realise that this is excellent stuff.

Buy a sample first (I did) because this will certainly not be everyone's cup of tea, and go easy on the sprays!

But WOW, this is a real winner!
positive Upon originally smelling this, I got an overwhelming amount of smoke that obscured any of the other components, including the namesake Leather.  Various trips to the Tom Ford counter at my local Nordstrom got me several samples which I layered with TF Mandarino and again with Oud Wood which really brought out the leather and the raspberry in the dry down that everyone talks about (and layered really well too).  Since I'm finally able to get past the smoke, this well crafted, challenging (for me) and ultimately rewarding gets this frag a thumbs up from me. 
positive This is a very well behaved fragrance. For me it opens up with a strong leather note. Fresh leather but not raw like cuir d'arabie. It's kind of like AdP Leather with the citrus substituted for the raspberry. However, for me at least, this did not last more that 10-15 minutes. The dry down is long lasting - it has serious legs on my skin. A little too much raspberry for me. It is masculine though. Refined and for the more mature man. Overall it is a quality fragrance but I would not pay the high price for it. 
positive Genre: Leather

The purist’s leather:  a rich, smoky, birch tar-laden leather accord unencumbered by much of anything else. Critics might complain that this is more of a perfumer’s “base” than a true fragrance, but if you want unadulterated leather, this is it. Linear for a couple of hours before it fades into a dry woody amber. 

Forget the jasmine, frankincense, herbs, and saffron in the pyramid. It’s about the leather,  so if you think the iris and civet in Chanel Cuir de Russie, the fruit, moss, and spices in Knize Ten, and the oudh in Oud Cuir d’Arabie are all distractions, this may be your leather scent. If any of these others are your leather ideal, you might find Tuscan Leather incomplete. But I can’t deny that it smells good!

positive yea. raspberry and leather. a classy scent. Tuscan leather is a well behaved and safe scent. classy not sexy. 
positive New to the fragrance game. I got a good deal on ebay for a lot including this perfume, amouage (i still don't know which one), aedes de venustas, narciso rodriguez, 3 hermes fragrances etc. When i first tried TL out, it felt very harsh and sour and I just couldn't get myself to like it so i immediately listed it on ebay for sale and went to bed. 6hrs later I woke up, in the middle of the night, and the listing already had 12 watchers and then something magical happened - I smelled the fragrance on my wrist - and it had evolved so nicely - still very leathery but it had lost the harshness it had when it opened. I immediately took it off ebay (thankfully, no one had placed a bid yet). I took my shower, went to school and returned and I can still smell this beast on my wrist(18hrs later). Im so keeping this. I'll probably get a bottle of TV too so I can layer it on this because this is likely to be difficult to wear for a young dude like me. BTW, first review on basenotes - yaaaay!!!
positive My personal favorite of the Private Blend line. A fantastic leather scent. Off the top there are nice notes of raspberry mixed in. On my skin, it dried down to a very rich smokiness, with amber mixed into the picture as well.  I think this is a rugged, mature fragrance and is great for a cool evening. The woman at the Tom Ford counter described this as the cologne for "the man's man" and I would agree

The longevity is fantastic, it lasted for many hours on my skin. Really happy with this fragrance. 
positive Standing at the Counter in Neiman Marcus, I turn to my wife and ask "Aventus or the Millesime?". Like a stubborn child refusing to leave the toy store without her wishes granted, she replied "Tuscan Leather.". 

We left with a sample spray of TL on one wrist and MI on the other. The combination was heaven. We spent the next few hours switching off wrists to nose. The next morning we were pleasantly surprised to find Mr. Ford stayed for breakfast. The longevity makes it extremely difficult to pull the trigger on a bottle of the Creed. If I could wear only one fragrance from this day forth, this is the one. It's extremely classy and luxurious, although honestly, I do associate its scent with a luxury of the past (as one reviewer put it, Tony Montana's desk). I'm not sure how we would have interpreted this fragrance without that association. 
positive Tuscan leather is the background smell of a Scorsese crime drama. The bold leather note is accompanied by an equally bold (and opulant) raspberry note. As the fragrance dries down the leather smoothes out, the saffron comes forward, and the raspberry remains although less punchy sweet. Throughout the whole affair fresh cigarette ashes linger in the background. The sillage is powerful and the longevity is nuclear, especially on clothes. The timid best stay away from this as Tuscan Leather will wear the weak.

9.5/10
positive Fantastic!The best Tom Ford scent ever.  Lasts forever, masterpiece.

negative I'm having a very love / hate relationship with TL right now...

It was recommended to me by a fellow Basenote'er who said that it wasn't a particularly attractive fragrance, but that it had an "aura" about ti that made it impossible to stop sniffing. After giving it a try myself, I think he's exactly right. It does have a strange aura to it that makes it oddly attractive, but downright repulsive at the same time. 

The opening is just lovely, and I agree with what others have said about the leather note being the finest quality cleanest leather they've ever smelled... it is. The only problem is that this lasts-- at least on my skin--  for about 30 second-- literally. 

From 30 seconds after the first spray, the lovely leather is gone, and I do mean gone. TL very, VERY quickly transforms into a pungent ashtray smell that dominates absolutely everything else and hangs around for hours before the real dry down commences and it turns into something more manageable. The ashtray phase still carries that indescribably attractive aura around it, but it's such a hit or miss kind of scent that depends not only on your mood at the time, but also on who's around when you're wearing it. 

There are days that it smells incredible, rugged, ultra masculine, and kind of sexy. Then there are other days where it makes me near-nauseas and paranoid that everyone around me thinks I smell like, well, a dirty, wet ashtray. 

The only way I can describe this aura is that the fragrance as a whole smells like a man's man who went to work smelling amazing in a crisp suit, but then had a really REALLY bad day and wound up on a bender in a dark, dank, smoke filled bar... kind of like Don Draper in the 4th season of Mad Men. The 30-second opening smells exactly like you want this to smell-- the guy at the beginning of his day-- but the middle ashtray phase makes me smell like something that I'm not sure I want to smell like, and that I'm not sure anyone around me wants to smell either. I don't think I've ever heard anyone say, "Wow, that ashtray on the bar smells incredible!"

If the opening stuck around longer, or at least meshed better with the ashtray, this would be a surefire purchase, But with the ashtray phase dominating the scent for so long, I have no idea where I could wear this without being worried that I'm turning everyone around me off in very a big way. 

I even tried layering this with Oud Wood and Tobacco Vanille to take the bite out of that ashtray phase, but no luck. The ashtray overpowers everything, even the beast Tobacco Vanille. 
negative As an avid equestrienne, I had VERY high hopes for this fragrance. I imagined it would transport me to the tack rooms of my youth and more recent years. Instead, it left a retched stench on my hand that made me wish I could take a second shower. 

Usually, I can deal with a scent I dislike, but this one turns my stomach. I am neurotic about high quality leather. The saddles I have purchased over the years could have been a VERY nice down payment on a very nice home. I have owned Italian leather boots, custom made for my foot and legs. I have owned Italian saddles. I have owned French saddles. What I am trying to impress upon the reader is this: I know leather and I know it WELL. This scent is NOT leather. I do not know what it is, but it is not properly tanned, high-quality, desirable leather. 

This, it will not make the shelf.
negative Dominant raspberry and slightly smokey leather that dries down so sweet that it hurts. 
negative I’m a leather freak.

With that said, this is easily the most overrated scent of all time. To be brutally honest, this fragrance smells like an uncultured teenage girl who doused herself in a $5 bottle of Body Fantasies Body Spray (raspberry of course) and then went outside and smoked a cigarette. No joke—that is exactly what this smells like. Truly, this fragrance is a monstrosity. I was scrubbing my arms after an hour, and yet it lingered—wouldn’t leave. 

My girlfriend smelled it (who is not into fragrances, but can pick out notes like nobody I know) and she immediately smelled ashtray and turned away in repulsion, which corresponded with my own impression. I asked several other people and they all thought it was nasty/cheap smelling. The sickly sweet raspberry note smells cheap and kitschy. There is no refined leather here. I honestly question the taste of people who like this fragrance. I think there might be a little brand loyalty at play here. Sorry, but it’s true. 

I always look for the redeeming qualities in a fragrance. I have smelled masterpieces that I would personally never wear. I’ve never reacted this negatively to a perfume. However, there are no redeeming qualities in this fragrance. The price is the cherry on top—laughable. 

Two massive thumbs down! AVOID!!!

negative I must say I am a bit disappointed with Tuscan Leather. Its just too over-powering, last time I wore it my respiratory system didn't appreciate it. I can only do a single dab or drop and even still its too strong. Just not worth the burden, plus it doesn't smell all that great IMO. 

neutral I have spent a fair amount of time in Tuscany (buying leathergoods!) but I have spent even more time in Los Angeles' Olvera Street, a historic bit of old, Spanish Los Angeles now largely catering to tourists although locals go there, too. The cobbled street is lined with stalls selling wonderful Mexican food as well as Mexican craft items like embroidered dresses, huarache sandals and tooled leather purses and belts. This is EXACTLY what Tuscan Leather smells like to me, the native leather goods in a Mexican street market. A raw, in your face leather. This is a great smell (to me) but is as far away from the Via Tornabuoni as carnitas is from Bistecca alla Fiorentina, or Diego Rivera from Cimabue. All excellent but worlds apart. I like this although I tend to prefer other leather scents.  With Tuscan Leather I get only a fleeting raspberry topnote.  Like all of Ford's private blends, this is strong and well made (as you would hope, for the price).
neutral A dark and smoky leather based fragrance with touch of fruity notes to tune down that wild and angry leather note!
At the opening, when for spray it on your skin, you can smell dark and smoky leather note mixed with some tobacco and some sweet raspberry note.
The sweet raspberry note isn't that strong, but also it's not as weak as some people keep talking about.
It's there and you can easily smell it, but because of strong leather smell it's in the background.
It's a linear fragrance so do not expect too much change.
In the dry down smoky leather settle down just a bit and fruity raspberry note become a little stronger.
Very good projection and longevity.
neutral Opens very sweet, with raspberry being the dominant note, but rapidly moves into a dirty leather note that is disconcerting to me, in one hand smells oily and dirty and on the other it smells like a freshly soaped horse saddle.  The raspberry note refuses to leave turning more and more into this fermented fruit juice notecreating an effect that is really weird to me.
After maybe half an hour the fermented raspberry starts fading slowly as is replaced by a faint burnt note that in combination with the oily note makes the leather smell more like an old, worn, beaten saddle that has been to the races too many times already, fortunately there is this spicy note in the background that saves the day, so the drydown is not that skunky after all.
It reminded me a horse stable and horse drawn carriage shop from my youth, the leather scent of the saddles, reins etc... together with the leather soap scent, the oily note like the axle grease and the smoky/burnt note from the forge for horseshoes, and the sweet and spicy notes coming from the kitchen next door.
This fragrance brings all that to my mind and as such I should consider it a masterpiece, besides, it really captures the essence  of leather like no other perfume I know, but the question is:  do I want to smell like THAT?.
Brilliant, but unwearable for me, maybe I'll spray the interior of my car with it, it has vinyl seats so everybody will think is real leather LOL
Sillage is nuclear so be careful when spraying it on you, and it lasts all day+.
Thumbs up as a creation, thumbs down for wearability, so it gets a neutral from me
neutral A pleasant and nice scent indeed, as much leathery as tons of other contemporary leather-based scents (suederal-safraleine type), without any particular twist that let this stand alone in the crowd. Classy and refined for sure, in a rather safe and tamed down way though: "brownish", smoky, crisp and clean like a new pair of leather brogues. Not bad, actually rather pleasant, just a bit overpriced for the quality. And in fact there's quite some cheaper alternatives which do the same job: Godolphin by Parfums de Marly, Golden Boy by Dueto for instance.

6,5-7/10
positive Growing on me each applicationI think this is a good smell, but not a fragrance I wish to wear, or at least not very often. It smells like a wood shop to me. Or perhaps wood shop meets shoe repair store. I get leather and balsa wood, a sort of dusty smell once it is dried down. The initial top notes are a bit bitter or perhaps sour. I think my description is making out to be not a great scent; this is not the case. I just don't think this is for me. _____ Update; the longevity on this one is amazing. It last nearly 24 hours on my skin. I actually liked it more the following day; perhaps a lighter hand would be in order? A retest is needed. _____ On a subsequent wearing I went a great deal lighter, one small on my chest, and a very small one on my wrists. This is really growing on me.____ Today, I am really liking this. I especially appreciate it several hours into it; I find a bit of sweetness comes through. It is also a projection, longevity, and silage beast. I applied at 6:30 am, and 11 and a half hours later, it is far more intense than a skin scent. It also becomes more sensual at this point, moving away from what once was perhaps industrial  to a more natural leather and sweet smell.
positive Tuscan Leather is my signature scent. In the high desert US,  longevity and projection are challenges because of the low humidity. I need my frags strong with longevity, especially if I am paying niche price.  I work in a office but on the weekend I am a jeans, boots and black t-shirt kinda guy.  The opening is one of a oiled leather, strong and masculine, 30 min later and the sweet amber joins the party.. wow.. what a great sent.  I have had women tell me it is strikingly sexy.  I have 10 or so frags in my collection.    For work I wear my Bonds, for night out I wear my Amouges, for exotic I wear my Nasomatto's and in the heat I wear my creeds. TL however is my signature scent and the one that defines me in my day to day life.  If you think of yourself as a rough and tumble kinda guy ... You have to get your nose on TL.. give it a couple of wearings and you will be sold
positive There is a lot of discussion as to what makes "leather" the scent in fragrances, and it varies from one perfumer to the next.  Normally it's a vague interpretation of something that REMINDS you of leather, but isn't really leather per se.  For example - shoe polish.  It's not leather, but it sure puts in people's minds the image of nice leather pair of shoes.  Or that nasty smell of leather tannery, with unprocessed hides soaking in various batches of chemicals.  Not pretty at all, and not finished "leather" product - yet many consider this scent to be "leather" in fragrances.  Or the scent of a dead animal cut open and reeking form inside out - sort of like that Tauntaun that Han Solo cut open and shoved Luke Skywalker into to keep him from freezing (Star Wars).  That would be Dior La Collection Privée Leather Oud - it really stinks and they call it "leather" (ok, ok, this one goes from dead animal to cat piss on an old, worn leather jacket on day 2… and then on day 3 it turns softer - into a mattress soaked in urine by a kid that had an accident…  and yes, this one does last 3+ days, even with two showers a day).  How's that for "leather" interpretation?

So there are all those variations of "leather", and then there is Tom Ford Tuscan Leather.  This is by far the most natural smelling leather I have experienced in a fragrance version.  Tuscan Leather smells extremely clean, like the most luxurious, soft leather sofa, brand new leather attaché, high-end leather belt or wallet from an expensive designer house.  Or - like the cabin of a brand new Rolls-Royce Phantom or Aston Martin Vanquish - take your pick.  It is the kind of leather that we think about and smell when we experience finished leather products - good, high-quality leather products at that. Sure, one could argue that this is not a natural scent as it's a byproduct of processing animal hides in tanneries and I'm sure there are some aromatics added along the way to make dead animal skin smell pretty in the end, but that's a whole different discussion.  Tuscan Leather, ladies and gentlemen, is what we associate with the kind of leather products we buy in high-end stores, not with dead-and-still-warm animal flesh or cat pee or motoroil mixed with gasoline.  This is the embodiment of opulent and lavish leather surface at its finest.

Very masculine, sensual, elegant.  I like it straight up, but it also works exceptionally well in layering with other fragrances - it's strong enough to not get overpowered and lost, yet it's soft enough to blend well with ouds/woods, florals, etc.  Very linear and doesn't change almost at all over its long, long life (easily 18+ hours on my skin).  Excellent projection and silage (it is in EDP strength).  I bought only a small 50ml bottle and I'm kicking myself.  When this runs out - I'm getting the biggest bottle they make.  Pricey, but of all the Tom Ford Private Blend creations, this one stands out in my books with a "worth it" note.

Scent: 10/10
Longevity: 10/10
Silage: 8/10
Overall: 10/10
positive Smooth leather and suede are the main characters here. This is a soft luxurious leather with some serene incense and a subtle floral accord to make it very versatile and wearable. Here's what bothers me, there is a raspberry note that turns this from masculine incensed leather, to unisex my wife wants to steal it leather. Why can we have anything that's nice, all to ourselves???
positive Rough, edgy, and mysterious. It certainly goes against current convention.
positive I like the natural, masculine leather scent in this fragrance.  It is long lasting and projects well.  My problem is that it is rather linear, and after using it a few times I feel somewhat bored.



positive I got a few small decants of the Ford reserve scents, and I must say that I do mostly enjoy Tuscan Leather. I am reminded of a grand hunting lodge with the fireplace roaring, buttery leather chairs, and cigars and pipes glowing. 

I do get  a bit of the dirty ashtray that has been mentioned, but I am an occasional smoker so it doesn't seem to stand out too much for me. But this is strictly a cool weather scent, this would be way too overpowering on a hot day. 

Also, a little goes a long way. A quick spray to the chest is all that is needed. 
positive A real smoky, deeply tanned leather,  slowly unfolds to give way to mellow amber and sweeter basenotes. A beautifully constructed fragrance, only criticism is the longevity on my skin is a little disappointing: I'm lucky to get 4 hours with this one, which is a pity. good job I bought the mega bottle. The decanter is beautiful too. 
positive "if a man wears a suit, buy him Fahrenheit.
if a man is into rambling buy him Green Irish Tweed.
if a man is into grooming and shaving, buy him rive gauche.
if a man is into sado masochism buy him Tom Ford Tuscan Leather.....he'll love you for it..."

In all seriousness, this is the best leather fragrance one can get. it is not a scent for other people, it is the lone cogito of fragrances, to be enjoyed on a purely individual basis. I put this lightly on my wrists along with whatever other fragrance I spray on my neck. This is probably my favorite fragrance.
Treat it as a fine scotch, to be enjoyed sparsely and carefully rather than copiously and carelessly. However like a fine single malt scotch, it costs a pretty penny and comes in a nice brown bottle. 
positive Deep warm leather with a bracing tannic note to temper the sweetness. Smells like the wallet of a wealthy well-groomed man. Could be heavy in the wrong context. I like it more lingering on my coat than fresh on my skin.
positive A very masculine and aggressive fragrance;  not too soaking like Amber Absolute or Jasmin Rouge.
In my opinion, better to be weared in daytimes hours
positive a very enthusiastic thumbs up from me. amazingly well done smokey leather paired with just the right amount of raspberry, making this scent both masculine and not to difficult to wear. 
positive This perfumed boots polish and luxury suede elicits several olfactory conjurations about Clive Christian C which is a more fruity-spicy and a less specifically leathery (far more expensive) beast. I fully agree with rbacker, the beginning is slightly gassy and clearly darkened by the influence of dark-red ripe wild berries (raspberries, bilberries). In a while the leather emerges from the back and it's a sort of silky leather somewhat linear, velvety dark, barely chemical, sharp and plain. The aroma holds on to be leathery and rather linear till the end reporting to mind the luxurious odour of leatherwears and furniture polish. Along the dry down a denser woodiness from oudh keeps coming out with its charge of resinous, plasticity and luxury, conjuring up the slightly chemical and "sticky" typical cobbler workshop background aroma and projecting the luxury leatherwears boutique atmosphere. Realistic and well made.
positive Wow this is simply beautiful. 

The leather is certainly very strong at first and probably will scare away a few people. However once this juice dries down slowly, you really start to love this. 

It oozes confidence and smells so special. 

I actually use one spray of Tuscan Leather and one spray of Noir de Noir. I once told this to one of the TF counter girls and she thought I was a little crazy until she tried the same and nearly died of being overwhelmed by the glorious fusion.

Try it :)
positive Tuscan Leather by Tom Ford - Upon application, one is immersed in a invigorating leather, quite similiar to new, nubuck shoes, exuding a soft, velvety smell. This wonderful leather appears to be superimposed on a fairly muted, nectarous and fruity cluster of raspberries. Reveling herbs, namely saffron and thyme, push this fruitiness aside, and infuse the leather with their own sweet and peppery as well as lemony and woody aspects. A faint floral sweetness from jasmine begs to be recognized, but succumbs to the nascent, citrus and pine of olibanum. This rich frankincense rises to tug at the supple leather, and in its zeal, a fleeting, terpene note is sensed. As opposition, a sharp woodiness from the amber counters with its own plea for supremancy. The coveted, subtle leather meanwhile basks in its elegance. Albeit somewhat linear, this appealing composition has good longevity and projection.
positive Cant really say much , but when I first smelt  it  I thought  wow this is  new to my nose and its not like the other fragrance I have come a cross before ,it does smell like leather tho .and its not like what some say that the dry down is a let down ,u just need to wear it for 2 weeks and have a break for a day and then wear it again and you will know what I'm going on about .
positive I am afraid that this may be one of those addictive fragrances that I have heard about. I love the raspberry leather opening. It is so sharp that it almost makes my nose tingle. The leather is so true; it is like that crisp animalic note of a new leather belt, or the smell of a leather goods store. There isn't anything buttery going on here, nor anything powdery. It is balanced by some sweetness, but these notes are not readily identifiable to my nose. In the drydown the leather shares the stage with that unusual oud note of Ford's that seems to smell like Ajax or Comet cleanser at first, then settles down into an interesting harmony that lasts for hours. I just cannot stop sniffing my wrist when I have it on.
positive Beautiful leather, never harsh, just so gentle, but pure leather, a top quality piece of furniture almost. I adore it. I thought I had purchased my last of Tom ford private blend, having indulged in Tobacco Vanille & Amber Absolute but I have to have this, wonderful.

negative I really don't like this fragrance. I can't say it doesn't smell like leather because it smells so much like leather that I feel like I'm trapped inside a cow. I can see why some people really love this, but for me it's waaaaay too strong, too much. The thing is, I really do like leather as a note, blended in with some spice or florals, but I would honestly believe that Tuscan Leather was some kind of chemical that dissolves rust if somebody told me it was. Anyway, there's a lotta love for this one out there, but it ain't for me.
negative The worst tom ford private blend (and this is coming from a Tom Ford fanboy!)

I had a decant of this stuff from the perfumed court (smallest size vial) and I accidentally spilled one drop -- the box I have it in STILL to this day, two years later, smells like tuscan leather -- the ENTIRE box, with all my other decants and samples in it that I'm sure I've spilled as well -- are all overpowered by the one drop of tuscan leather spilled two years ago.

It's awful.  I would go as far as calling it raunchy; like a cheap leather bargain coat store in an outlet mall that just stays around until the end of the world, and will NOT go away.
Cockroaches will be smelling tuscan leather after nuclear winter.

If you want to smell like a 20$ leather jacket or a shoe repair shop, and leave a trail of stinkyness everywhere you go; tuscan leather is for you.

It actually reminds me of the time one of my co-workers accidentally spilled gasoline on his shoe when he was filling up before work and then came into the office and stunk the place up; that's how bad tuscan leather is.  It's gasoline like pungent; without a doubt the strongest scent I have ever sniffed, which unfortunately, is not a good thing.  Stronger than an Amouage Attar, stronger than Black Afgano -- tuscan leather overpowers anything.

neutral Disappointing	Top: Leather 	Middle: Leather and Hashish 	Base: Black Orchid
neutral Very strong and bitter. I can't stand that much leather and find pointless anyway. For the admirers of the genre, it can be OK with its potency and sillage but I think the leather lovers already  know some other fine  leather fragrances much more cheaper than this one.
neutral 70% Leather, 20% Raspberry, 10% Spicy/Floral notes

Smells very nice, but overexposure causes headache, and you need to be in the mood for it

Quality notes, great projection and longevity.

Lacks versatility and cannot be a day to day scent.

For collectors and basenoters only, but not for the casual consumer.

Price tag will not be worth it for most, but for those who do want a quality leather frag

Don't blind buy this, but sample it if you want something a little challenging.

neutral A slight disappointment...

I really enjoyed the raw smoky, leathery aroma -- whilst it lasted.

On me the longevity was shockingly poor, only about 4 hours :-(
neutral This is not a unisex fragrance.  This is leather.  I should have guessed by the name, but I expected there to be more than just... leather; I don't know why I thought there would be.
neutral I normally like leather scents, and I can see what Tom Ford was trying to do with this, this stuff has a very strong smell of leather saddle soap, which I'm sure would drive a certain type of lady wild.

unfortunately on me this stuff smells exactly like a wet ashtray, it seriously stinks of cigarette ash, combined with the loud raspberry note above, it turns very unpleasant, I had to scrub it off immediately. 

Sillage and projection is strong
neutral I wanted to give this a thumbs up because a buddy of mine let me try a sample he had and it smelled great. The longevity was perfect and it was a winner. When I went to Saks, the juice from the tester was not as good as the sample I remembered trying. The prices are a little too high for these Tom Ford private blend colognes.$100 maybe, $200 crazy!
neutral This smells like the shiny, taut leather interior of a new car. Some claim to detect a cocaine note; I'm far too angelic to be able to comment. There is the dusty waft of thyme though, which I wish had been amplified, and the hint of cigarette stubs. But all this is moot: Tuscan Leather is wrecked on the teeth of an unnaturally sweet raspberry note that refuses to perish and whose inclusion I find utterly bizarre. 

neutral Today I smelled this scent and was inspired to post my review on Basenotes for the very first time.  So, let's dive in.  

It has been said that scent invokes memories and Tom Ford's Tuscan Leather most certainly did with me.  Growing up around horses, this juice took me back to my childhood where part of my choirs was cleaning the leather saddles and gear.  I would use a glycerin soap which had a honey and lemon fragrance.  The leather saddles were stored in a closet in our barn until their next use.

Tuscan Leather reminds me of those dry evenings in September when I would enter the barn and open the saddle closet.  The first and most obvious scent is clean, worn leather with a edge of honey (more like beeswax).  But there is a secondary scent of the closet itself.  A dry woody smell that is similar to old, dry pine planks (not sap or leaves or cones but the wood itself).  Over time, a sweet note appears that invokes juicy fruit gum (ylang ylang perhaps?).  Yet the leather never disappears.

I sprayed this juice on my arm at Saks as a test.  Perhaps it is because as a man, my collection consist of EdT or EdC; but the Eau de Parfume took my olfactory to a new level.  I could not escape the scent, nor did I want to.  Instead, I tried to discover something around the house that would compare.  I smelled every leather object from jackets to wallets but nothing truly resembled the juice.  Tuscan Leather is the way we expect leather to smell; rich, comforting, warm, and aged.  

I rank the Parfume as a neutral because I cannot think of many times or places to wear it.  I live in the subtropics and this scent is out of place.  Ford's Tuscan Leather belongs to cool nights and autumn leaves.  But for anyone who loves the scent of leather and has the right environment for it, this is definitely the scent for you.  

neutral An initial  aggressive gasoline impression with only a hint of berry gives way to a plain leather note that eventually is a bit more straightforward than other leather frags like e.g. the Knize version.  It remains monotone without much further change.  Not a bad scent, but betraying that it is mass-produced and lacking some depth and nuances.  Nonetheless a good leather note, and a nice addition to the menu of leather fragrances available, albeit no real competition for Creed's and  Knize's leather creations.   Good longevity of about 3-4 hours. Overpriced.  Try first. 
positive This is certainly powerful for a cedrat-driven scent. I have to say, though, I'm not sure I remember L'Occitane's cedrat EDT being ever so different from CD in its overall composition. Consistent, strong sillage, if that's what you're after. In my view, it's the cedrat note that sets this composition apart from cheaper scents.

It is a little disturbing that it stays fresh for quite this long. I find it linear, unremarkable, but there's something endearing in just how much Mancera has put in for the punters.
positive This is an absolute powerhouse of a fragrance.

Every time I wear it I get noticed and I get comments even so much that one of my work colleagues immediately went out and bought a bottle of this after smelling it on me.

It's bold, smokey, a little fruity at the start, and on me carries quite a medicinal note. It is a little linear after the opening but given how solid a performer it is, I'd simply be nit picking to criticise it for that.

I would't know how close Cedrat Boise is to Aventus because I've never compared the two. Regardless I'd rather have a bottle of this monster performer any day.

Also just an additional note to point out how nice the bottle feels in the hand. Nice solid bottle with a cool feeling metallic cap, all delivered in a nice Montale/Mancera style carry pouch.

Lovely stuff.
positive Very pleasant woodsy lemon - very wearable and versatile but not as interesting as the note listing and hype seem to suggest - I don’t get much of the florals or blackcurrant - I just get more lemony wood in the dry down. It’s still nice though and avoids smelling like a cleaning product (which most lemon scents don’t.) The absence of the fruity florals leave it a bit wanting though to be bottle worthy.
positive Creamy, buttery lemon.

Lasts all day, with 2-3 sprays.

And on my clothes in the mornin'.


Great juice, the wife loves it.  The only gripe would be that it's fairly linear.
positive This has to be the most outrageously misrepresented fragrance I've ever come across.
All the reviews are constantly comparing this to Aventus. It has absolutely NOTHING in common with Aventus. I can understand when people lump other fragrances like Pineapple Vintage, Zara Vibrant Leather, Mont Blanc Explorer etc into the category of Aventus. Those fragrances definitely are in a similar class and share a similar DNA.
However, MCB is a much darker, richer, heavier fragrance that has more in common with Chanel Coromandel and Allure Edition Blanche, than any resemblance to Aventus.
Also, MCB is a leather fragrance. The leather is quite sharp from the start and settles down to a more suede and ambery, woody vanilla in the drydown.

I almost feel guilty for even mentioning Aventus in this review, because these two fragrances shouldn't be appearing in any sort of list together. But sadly, it's so commonly compared to Aventus that I feel that the myth needs to be thoroughly dispelled.
I also feel like this is some sort of test to allow us to more easily identify the hype gallery amongst the community. If you're saying this smells anything like Aventus, I think you need to spend a little more time trying other fragrances and less time reading reviews. I'm not sure what started this thing with drawing parallels to Aventus, but it needs to stop. Was its original formulation more similar? I have no idea, but the one I have is not even in the same category.

This all said. MCB is not a bad fragrance. Just don't expect it to be anything like what all the frag bros harp on about.
I do like Coromandel and Allure Edition Blanche. MCB sits more alongside them. It's not a bright, fresh, open fragrance. It's darker and richer.
positive Quite possibly my most commented on and favoured fragrances. Has a very satisfying opening and this develops into a long-lasting scent of at least five to six hours. An absolute classic of a fragrance and one I go back to, time and again.
positive It doesn't smell like Aventus up until the drydown, but it has more going for it on the top and mid. I'd say Aventus for the day, and Cedrat for night outs. Overall, I like it more than my 16L Aventus.
positive This is a really nice masculine fragrance that gives me similar vibes as Creed Aventus, but isn't a clone of that fragrance in any way really. To my nose, only the opening reminds me of Aventus (and mainly due to the sweet blackcurrent note). The opening is bergamot, blackcurrent, cedarwood, lots of black pepper, and a hint of violet leaf to my nose, making it sweet yet spicy and masculine leaning at the same time. On the drydown though, it goes in the direction of mostly cedarwood with blackcurrent and a bit of bergamot in the background, and doesn't remind me of Aventus at all (no noticeable leather notes). In fact it reminds me of Creed Bois du Portugal and Lalique pour Homme (Lion) due to the prominent and natural smelling cedarwood note, and also a bit like Dior Sauvage.

This is like a power scent. It's a scent you wear to a business meeting or when you want to make a statement or your presence known. "Cedrat Boise" as a name is very appropriate, but I feel it should've been called "Cassis Boise" because the blackcurrent and cedarwood are stars of this show.

Projection is insanely good (2 sprays was almost too much for me and nearly choked me out; 1 spray is all I can do with this fragrance). In fact projection is so strong I'd classify this as a winter scent. While longevity is also insane, projecting strongly for over 8 hours and even through a workout! Overall this is an amazing masculine fresh yet sweet and heavily woody fragrance with absolutely nuclear performance. 

5/5
positive A nice and clean fragrance; lemon with woody undertones. Not as smoky as Aventus, this is more geared towards fruits and woods. The opening is lemon, the mid is lemon supported by fruits, and the dry down is woody. The opening does have that fruity Aventus vibe but I think CB is different and remains its own fragrance from start to finish.
positive An awful lot of noise comes from the online fragrance community across forums, YouTube, and social media, especially from the CISHET male side about how Mancera Cedrat Boise (2011) is the big "Creed Aventus (2010) killer" made to put the house in its place for considerably less. This is absurd, and has righteously caused many Creed sycophants to instantly declare this an enemy/usurper (which is a bit theatrical but not far off), while others whom agree with the declaration think they've earned some modicum of hipster colognoisseur cred by wearing the Mancera over the Creed. Once all the silly High School drama clears and we're left with Cedrat Boise sitting on it's own merits, what we actually have is a fragrance released by a perfumer who is in his own little world (likely from sniffing too much synthetic oud) that is indeed a competitor for the same demographic almost by accident, but actually smells more like higher-quality and more-natural predecessor to Dior Sauvage (2015). Another glaring facet that "dudebros" seem to forget is Cedrat Boise is not a gendered fragrance, and therefore all but unisex without being called such, so folks with feminine chemistry are also meant to try it to see what results can be wielded from wearing it. I do agree that like many Unisex Creeds, Cedrat Boise mostly appeals to masculine tastes, but not by the design of the house of course, since "citrus woody" as its name roughly translates could apply to a number of feminine perfumes. Cedrat Boise is a dry woody scent with a juicy sharp fruity citrus punch on top, and a few key synthetics to shape it out, which is where I get most similarities with it and the designer bomb known as Sauvage.

Mancera Cedrat Boise opens with a brief rush of dry bergamot, followed by Sicilian lemon, and a sweet blackcurrant note which is the biggest comparable facet to Aventus it has. The connection to the later Sauvage is much stronger and almost instant as well; one can surmise that François Demachy of house Dior must have taken huge inspiration from Pierre Montale's work here when he composed Sauvage, especially in the base construction. I can see where the fruity presentation might sniff of Aventus from afar, but a total lack of pineapple (or the ability to tell it apart from blackcurrant) instantly kills all serious likeness between Aventus and Cedrat Boise to me. A touch of dusty white florals and cardamom spice inhabit the middle of Cedrat Boise, while the blackcurrant continues into the heart, joined by a white patchouli note and jasmine hedione. A telltale norlimbanol scratchiness which is milder than Sauvage but close in throbbing tone announces the base, and also distances Cedrat Boise from Aventus even further, both in quality and personality. A white musk and cedar note finish out Cedrat Boise, with hints of leather softened by vanilla and shined up with a sliver of oakmoss bite, whatever quantity is allowed by IFRA these days anyway. Sillage is mild overall, and downright weak for the usual Montale/Mancera composition, but longevity is stellar at 12+ hours assuming you don't become anosmic to the musk or synthetic karmawood. This is a perfect year-rounder generalist through and through for folks digging this vibe, so wear it where you will, and maybe make it a signature if you're a one-scent kind of person. My only complaint is I'd get bored really fast if this was my signature of choice, since this style is all but standardized anymore.

A big weak point to Cedrat Boise if compared directly to Aventus is the scratchy norlimbanol, although not as intense as what is found in the later Sauvage, but still gives Cedrat Boise an obvious synthetic quality which Aventus is much better at hiding with its house ambergris. Secondly, without pineapple or vetiver, the only real link they share is the white floral heart, and that's too brief, but for noses not as finely-honed, I can see where the confusion in telling them apart lies. I also honestly don't think Cedrat Boise was made to be an "Aventus Killer", as marketing anything that way is setting up for failure with critics, who have by and large embraced this juice. Lastly, Cedrat Boise is one of a glut that Pierre Montale churns out yearly for his own houses, precluding any notion of targeting another scent's market, especially considering Aventus was barely even a year old by that point, and not yet the hype monster it would become in the fragrance community. Guys who like Sauvage but find it too sharp, loud, or shrill should really check into Cedrat Boise, and fans of Aventus should add this alongside, as discounters often sell it at designer price points, so you can get it with less risk. Old heads will likely hate Cedrat Boise, but it's almost deserved disappointment if you prefer mossy or animalic masculines and dive into psuedo-synthetic "nouveau-niche" like this without first testing. I am a fan of the fruity sharp citrus synthetic woods style (much to the chagrin of some peers), as for me it's the early 2000's come again, but I'd not recommended this over anything it compares to because Cedrat Boise feels less like a replacement for a popular masculine and more like an alternative to sit alongside them in a larger collection; it's a real off-beat "deep cut" of a creation made more for a collector than somebody with a smaller, more pragmatic wardrobe. Thumbs up! 
positive At first when I got this.... I thought it was OK, however after more wearing, what a gem this really is.

Juicy, fruity, woody. 

In the warm weather this radiates and creates a lovely clean fresh Aura,  a bubble of fresh Citrus and Blackcurrant... Before slowly turning woody. 
For all the Creed fans, yeah it has that vibe, however this is like a distant cousin. More friendly and defo better value for the money. 

Mancera hit it out of the Park again for me. Simply delightful. Gains a lot of notice and liked by most around you when wearing. 

Overall Scent 8.9 - 10
Projection 8.6 - 10
Longevity 8.5 - 10

A good 8hrs on my skin
positive I love this! It's canvas is of Citrus based cleaner used in a Public toilet. Jasmine's vague Petroleum Indol and Contemporary creamed Sandal dances a diddle atop. A green Cedarwood note is countered by a fruity Currant.
Apply lightly and concentrate on the playful dance.

Another Mancera fun fragrance.  
positive So Cedrat Boise it seems will be forever known as the Aventus clone. I think that does it a massive disservice. There are similarities for sure. It was obviously inspired by Aventus. But CB is different. It is much creamier than Aventus. It is certainly fruitier. 

Very nice indeed. 
positive This is Mancera  showing Creed how to do it as far as green woody fragrances are concerned Cedrat Boise is far superior to Aventus. Its more focused, cleaner, fresher, more of masculine edge to it, less 'damp and green'. The difference between walking in a fresh cool sunny meadow versus one that's just been rained in. Or a picture perfectly in focus showing that is what the scents meant to be versus someone who's gone to photoshop. And it's better value for money.
At the other extreme there is always Armaf Club de Nuit which is a budget incredibly accurate clone of Aventus. Mancera however is pure class. 

Fragrance: 4/5
Projection: 4/5
Longevity: 4/5

Stop press: June 2019: Notino are selling 120 ml bottles for £52 including postage. Cheaper than the 60 ml bottles!
positive A quite fruity (kind of apparently berrish and surely lemony) sophisticated creamy sandalwood. There is a quite present lemony/grassy aura (the cedrat vibe) which is musky and floral (definitely classic in effect - some old school or classically appointed sandalwood/jasmine-implementations from Estee Lauder or Mark Buxton jump vaguely on mind). The "sandalwood/jasmine/black currant connection" is surely central. I detect the "Cedrat Boise-effect" but the note of sandalwood (a floral sophisticated musky sandalwood) is equally dominant. Feminine.
positive Strong citrus and the jasmine in the opening. It reminds me of Mr. Balmain but higher quality. The woods and blackcurrent give it a rainy day quality that's nice. It's the best of this type of citrus cedar style I've tried so far. I would probably prefer this to Bois de Cedrat simply for the sillage and longevity. I would also choose this over Mediterraneo Tuscan Cypress. 
positive when first applied,aventus did come to mind. when i smelled my wrist again, the aventus was gone.in an twinkle of an eye, sandalwood stands up in this. cedrat boise has a citrus and woody personality with a discrete vanilla base. lemon,bergamot,sandalwood, cedar, blackcurrant to tone down the citrus, and vanilla....fantastic!!! totally different than aventus, which has a spicey identity. im ready to sign cedrat boise to my starting roster to join my superstars like  aventus.
positive This opens with a rather strong lemon zest, which thankfully dies down rather quickly, but settles in with a sweeter version of lemon, like a meringue.

The fruit dominates, with just a touch of cedar in the background, to me a slight astringent tang, just a hint of a Band-Aid, in no way off-putting.

I really enjoy this.

9/10
positive Just received Cedrat Boise and I must say it is a lovely fragrance! Now, I know I am going to make enemies here so for all of my frienemies who say this is a clone of Aventus, smells like Aventus, resembles Aventus....unfortunately I would have to disagree. This is nothing like Aventus from the beginning to the end. And yes, we are all entitled to our own opinions, and mine says I don't get Aventus at all.

I, too, like landshark321 think there are other fragrances that resemble Aventus and due to all the hype put out there regarding these two (among others) I was intentional about locating the similarities and for me there aren't any. The first fragrance that came to mind was Obsession for men by Calvin Klein....
(If this reminds me of anything that would be the aforementioned. I think this is a newer more modern take on the very manly Obsession if to give a point of reference). 

In a league of it own, Cedrat Boise has a woodsy, gourmand feel to it that is creamy and fresh all at the same time. With the Bergamot, Cedarwood, and a very potent Lemon and Blackcurrant that's clearly and artfully done-I see Cedrat Boise as one having created an ambiance of its own; a stand alone fragrance for anytime, anywhere, with....shut yo mouth!!

There is a certain DRY sweetness that you get as all the notes come together. I will give this a bit more time as I adjust...great fragrance overall!!
positive Cedrat Boise by Mancera has a fruity opening, and then it transforms to something familiar to me: fresh, woody, and a little sweet -- one of my favorite scents back in college -- the first version of Colors for Men by Benetton. Cedrat Boise is a lot better, though, and more modern. A gourmet version of fast-food Colors for Men. 

Wearing just a dab sample, Cedrat Boise's longevity is excellent on my skin, and the projection is moderate at best. If you can afford to purchase a full bottle, I'd say go for it. 
positive For me, it's the sandalwood and jasmine notes that star after the initial, very pleasant citrus opening. I get very good performance from this and it's the type of scent i look forward to wearing when the occasion and mood suits.
After several wears of this, it is definitely a keeper in my collection and if it was a choice between a bottle of this or a bottle of Aventus, it's this.

negative So many citrus woodies these days are so uber synthetic and loud that they tag the wearer as hanging with their old mate Screechmella. Walk down a stairwell wearing one and the scent will linger, leaving the next resident to encounter it thinking that the cleaners have done a particularly thorough job this time. 
Cedrat Boise has that garish volume for sure, but also a few grace notes. First, the powerful citrus  – common with all such perfumes – that comes across as strong detergent is somewhat masked by a riotous fruity mix that makes it easier to live with. Second, the synthetic cedar note has a bit of a sappy and green quality to begin with.  
Unfortunately, the mix also reminds me of the fruitsick hell that is CK’s Escape for Men, an act of  perfume violence guaranteed to make me move away from the wearer quicker than any threat of physical harm. It has that same nauseating, highly chemical, watery persistence, common to so many of these bro-juices, that it makes me think I must be an utter snob to feel such visceral revulsion. Perfumes of this ilk are garlic to my inner vampire. You’re safe bro, you really are – go (preferably very, very far away) in peace.

negative Cedrat Boise smells synthetic to me. Sometimes that's not a bad thing, but in the case of Cedrat Boise, it's distracting to me. I couldn't disagree more with the thought that this smells like Aventus. It's nothing like Aventus to me. In fact, this isn't even in the same time continuum as far as enjoyment goes with Aventus, at least for me. Cedrat Boise's wood notes smell more like Cashmeran than cedar or sandalwood to me. The citrus also smells like white musk with hints of citrus. I do get a dash of jasmine in the opening. Wish I could smell the blackcurrant, but the dry down is all about synthetic woods to my nose. I love my new bottle of Red Tobacco by Mancera, but Cedrat Boise is a miss for me. 

neutral Opens with a tropical fruitiness which is a combination of smooth sweetened lemon and bergamot sharpened with a spritz of blackcurrant. I can see how this accord is reminiscent of pineapple, but for the Aventus lovers out there, it isn’t obviously pineapple and there is no smokiness whatsoever. It then has white florals as a bridge to the smooth woody/musk base.

Too be honest... despite already getting compliments on it... it’s not really my thing. I feel like I have betrayed the niche gods by dabbling in the dark designer arts.

Recommended for niche lovers looking for something more designer, generic leaning and socially acceptable, when Muscs Koublai Khan or Fumerie Turque isn’t appropriate.
neutral Odd that I just happened to review Aventus today as well, as it was completely unplanned and next in my rotation to review. Serendipitous!

Spicy citrus-cedar-the bergamont comes through, as does the lemon. The lemon does smell very synthetic to my tastes. Unlike Aventus, which smells very natural throughout, this has a strong artificial element to it which I, unfortunately, do not care for. There is little sweetness here: almost undetectable currant that is very faint. I don't find that this projects anymore than Aventus, nor do I find it any more long lasting: very similar in their duration and action.  I'm not sure I'd say I care for one more than the other: would I trade a synthetic lemon-cedar scent with a woody base to town down the sweetness, or a cloyingly sweet but natural smoky pineapple fragrance? Either way, I find them both above average. Although they may be used for similar situations, they are different scents altogether.

Linear, perfectly acceptable summer fragrance that is probably (definitely) more expensive than it should be. Very forgettable, but not something you'll regret wearing.

6/10




neutral It starts with a pungent blast of fruity pebbles as opposed to the pineapple, apple, and bergamot.  Aventus birch is traded for an application of cedar, becoming a bit more astringent than smoky.  Lasts a bit longer than its competition.  To me, this gives the same impression as Aventus.  I could see using them interchangeably, in similar situations.  But, it is a different scent altogether, and not a clone.  
neutral Fruity, woody, musky. 

Cedrat Boise is a fresh fruity fragrance, with the emphasis on fruits. It's a basket of fruits, and you can sense lemon, pineapple and blackcurrant, while there is only a hint of florals. The fruits are supported by a conventional woody note that smells of cedar, and hints of musk. It is not leathery to me, and is quite linear from start to finish. I find that here the fruity notes together with musk create a strange accord, somewhat synthetic, that I do not quite like. I usually don't enjoy fruity fragrances, but this is well balanced. 

This is often compared to Aventus, but Aventus has more prominent pineapple, and is distinctly smokier and leathery. Cedrat Boise has none of those attributes. Compared to Aventus, Cedrat Boise has persistent noticeable projection, good sillage and lasts more on skin. However, in this style my clear favourite is Morning Chess by Vilhelm Parfumerie. The fruity aspect of Cedrat Boise also reminds me a bit of Minotaure.

Overall a nice but unremarkable fresh fruity-woody composition with mainstream appeal. 

2.5/5 
neutral My Mancera sample must be off because I get a very smoky Aventus vibe from Cedrat Boise. It actually reminds me of Glenn Peri Unpredictable Adventure. I still get plenty of lemony-fruits in the top notes but it’s all very smoky. This lasts for about 4-5 hours.  Later, it’s a creamy, sweet woods scent. Something in it reminded me of the drydown in F Black. My sample must be off. 

Projection is pretty good while the top notes are still going. The whole thing lasts about 8-9 hours on me. 

Update: Own a full bottle now and this is much more fresh and pleasing. The opening isn’t as smokey as I remember but it’s still a little smokey, dry and sharp. The drydown is a very pleasant and attractive clean, woody, masculine scent that has me repeatedly smelling where I sprayed on my arm because I just don’t remember it smelling this clean and fresh. Still very good performance even with only a couple sprays, which may be the key to making this so fresh and clean. 
neutral Strikes me as reasonably different from Aventus / CDNI but similarly fruity; the blackberry I suppose, its sweetness not overdone. The opening is all about lemon. The drydown lacks the birchy interest of Aventus / CDNI. I'll stick with CDNI.
neutral A little fruity, sweet and creamy (I guess from some vanilla). I get almost an orange cream pop vibe or something from it. 
positive Vanilla-infused turpentine.  Musty, moldy antique wood furniture.  I like it...  I'd say this is a rather dark, woody vanilla, bordering on boozy at times.  This house rarely impresses me.  I find their fragrances rather mainstream, pedestrian, or boring.  This one, intrigues me.

Wooden vanilla fades into a creamy, almost ice cream flavor later on, with sprinkles of pencil shavings.  Ha!  An unusual vanilla scent for sure...
positive This is lovely. My association with vanilla is that it's usually sweet and gourmand, but this is darker, more like smelling an actual vanilla bean, maybe with some dark rum. Subtle, not intense. If it didn't sound so cheesy, maybe it would be called "Vanille Noir."
positive 

Peppery, citrusy, woody vanilla. A tempered yet perceptible vanilla note of good quality thats not cloying or overly saccharine; woven in with a diverse set of citrus, vetiver and oakmoss notes. Well blended, very versatile and one of the best "dry" and "easy to wear" vanilla fragrances alongside Creeds' Sublime Vanille (which has a more upfront vanilla presentation). 

A vanilla fragrance good enough to convert a vanilla-denier. 


positive Excellent no frills vanilla, can be worn by both men and women, however I would love to smell this on a guy. Your not going to get the gourmand baking vanilla so prominent in other vanilla heavy perfumes. Excellent oak moss and vetiver notes, woody undertones.  
positive Vanilla is a scent I often struggle with, particularly boozy vanillas or anything with even a vaguely cupcakey accord. This is dry, which seems to be a far less common presentation - certainly vanilla isn't something I particularly associate with the cologne genre. As others have said, Insensee means 'insane', rather than 'incense', although I don't find madness or excess in this at all - if anything, it smells rather introverted in character, despite having decent projection; lasts well too, being a Cologne Absolue. I loved it at first sniff and, from the fact that my first sniff was from an amber-coloured, rather ancient-looking sample, I can tell you that it ages well, getting deeper and a little warmer.
It opens with a full and vibrant lime, a juicy opening for a scent which dries down papery, dusty and (as ClaireV so insightfully pointed out) with something of the Communion wafer about it. Maybe it's the lapsed Catholic in me that loves this, maybe it's the bookworm...
It works well as a base under herbal freshies, too - a great way to transition them between seasons. I definitely get a spike of vetiver in the drydown, to my nose it shows as an earthiniess below the papery accord.


Also, am I the only who just loves the Atelier bottles? Like pebbles, there's something really comforting about them in the hand - just the right weight and those rounded corners are lovely.
positive One spray of this and I was reminded of a Bruno Acampora oil (Vanyl) which foxed me a couple of months ago as I felt it was a 'green' vanilla in the sense of not sweet. Just read Kotori's review of Vanille Insensée here and she mentions that it smells like the pods rather than baked goods made with vanilla - that is spot on! I had become so used to vanilla being sweet and body lotionish that I'd completely lost the association with the real thing. So VI is a cool rather than cozy vanilla, and I like it. A couple of hours later, it's humming along and exuding a feeling of calm and wellbeing (not cookie scented at all!).
Although it's not something I'd rush out to get for myself, I'm very happy to try it and if I ever wanted a vanilla of this type it'd definitely be a contender.
positive Ahhh... it makes a lot of sense to know Ralf Schwieger created this one. The style reminds me of Fils de Dieu or the Merveilles line. "Insane Vanilla" is a vanilla-dominant cologne (as in eau de) with a contrasting orange peel note and some supporting jasmine, moss, and woods. The jasmine blends well and whispers softly, never once attempting to overthrow the vanilla. It is a cold vanilla, based on the pod, not the extractor any baked goods featuring it. In the sense of coldness and darkness, it resembles Eau Duelle EDT by Diptyque, though not in the actual notes (other than the pod-based vanilla). This is one of my favorite ever vanillas, which I've learned after a two-year long vanilla quest. Very intelligently composed and modern.
positive Very nice vanilla that has that old book smell (Not a bad thing). It does have that Memoirs of a Trespasser vibe.
positive Vanille Insensee by Atelier Cologne is one of the only three vanilla-centered fragrances that I would consider adding to my collection. The list also includes Salimar EDC and L de Lolita Lempicka (sadly discontinued). Lately, it seems like half the beauty and bath products on the market are laced with vanilla, and I can see why—it is universal, comforting, and not “perfume-y”. On the other hand, if I am going to burn a hole in my wallet and purchase a fragrance, I except something more than vanilla extract. Vanille Insensee reminds me of a vintage perfume that developed for several hours on the skin. The top notes are long gone and only a hint of floral accord remains. What is left is a gently humming benzoin-laden vanilla with a dose of subdued “oakmoss”, a touch of vetiver, and airbrushed musk. That being said, VI is far from vintage with its burnt sugar turned up full blast and the civet strategically omitted. Even the moss accord has been declawed and given a bath. 

VI is very approachable, yet it provides the wearer with something more than vanilla scented body lotion. My favorite part is the freshly cut hay accord that is screaming for help under the pile of sugar and moss/musk.

4/5

positive UMMM - Vanille Insensee - a favourite from the house. Sampled over 2 consecutive days, and it has bowled me over both days! The note list doesn't make much sense as I don't really get corriander, lime, vetiver or oakmoss. What I get is a fantastically intoxicating vanilla with a citrussy-floral orange blossom type note, this juxtasposition created a 3-dimensional scent with lots of shadows, brighter areas and hidden corners.

The Vanilla is clearly the star of the show. This is a straight-up vanilla scent. It is a lot like opening a tube of raw black sticky vanilla pods and giving it a good sniff - quite a multifaceted smell, a little dark, a little smokey, slightly powdery, even boozy with a kind of burnt-sugar and plastic that raw vanilla can give , thankfully not over-sweet. The supporting notes keep the mind engaged. One of the best vanilla interpretations I've come across. Probably slightly feminine leaning, but distinct enough for a man to carry off. I got a similar vanilla from Lush Vanillary but that one went a bit too cup-cake, this one is more like a light dusting of vanilla infused icing sugar: quite airy, light and transparent. Above all a sensual-romantic classy scent: reminding us that - when fully ripe - natures vegetation can be just as seductive as animalic displays!

Overall 82/100. Somehow not doing so well on other reviews, but I'll trust my nose here.Closer to the very best vanillas (Guerlains, Mona di Orio etc) than designer efforts. The real magic is in the first hour, then it may resemble a refined Le Male given an unlimited budget. I'd be delighted to have this smell associated with me.
positive Atelier Cologne Vanille Insensee is a creamy vanilla, somewhat gourmand-like, drawing from many different concepts: woody, smoky, and definitely floral.

I didn't get too much citrus in the opening, despite the note listing.  The experience started mainly with the vanilla itself, which didn't wait for the dry down.  Similarly, I account for the amber's presence throughout the life of the fragrance due to the creaminess of the vanilla.  The oak stands in the background throughout, anchoring the fragrance with a dryness that doesn't let it become a fleeting floral nor an overly cake-like gourmand.

To compare to other vanilla-focused fragrances, Vanille Insensee contains some of the booze of Perry Ellis Oud Black Vanilla Absolute, some of the florals of Dame Perfumery Blak Floral, and the darkness of Imaginary Authors Memoirs of a Trespasser, perhaps the insensee (incense?) reminding me of the prominent myrrh note in MOAT.

Now I'm not sure Vanille Insensee is as good as of these fragrances since it doesn't really commit to any one direction all that much, but that might make it all the more agreeable among vanilla lovers and non-lovers alike, the latter since it's relatively easy to wear.

On performance, Vanille Insensee projects more and lasts longer than most of its Atelier Cologne freshie brethren, so it definitely feels more valuable, and at an unusual steal at FragranceX for only $84 for 100ml.

Usage-wise, men and women alike can use this throughout the year.  I imagine it can remain under control in warm weather but not disappear in cold weather either, so I'd speculatively regard this is a solid year-round option.  Not my favorite vanilla but one I might consider adding.

8 out of 10
positive I'm really starting to enjoy Atelier Cologne's fragrances.  They all seem to be slow burners:  I'll spray one on, then think "Hmm, not much to that," and then about an hour later I'll notice a really nice, beautifully balanced fragrance emanating from about an inch from my skin.  Vanilla Insensée is no exception.  It starts as a sweetish vanilla with a lick of lemony jasmine, and then it ends in a light, woody bit of pie-spice.  Quite a polite vanilla, really, in a world full of bombshells, beasts, and layer cakes--but not prim or shy. 
positive Light, refreshing Vanilla...

This is a vanilla that is in keeping with the spirit and direction of Atelier Cologne in that it is an eau de cologne with a vanilla aspect to it. That means that it is not a perfume with a heavy vanilla note. Instead it is one which is surrounded with citrus notes.

The lime and oakwood are the main notes, along with the vanilla, are what make this. I also detect the citron backing up the lime, and the subtle jasmine, giving a dirty quality to the mix.

I think this is a vanilla for people who don't like vanilla in perfumes. A very wearable vanilla for men and a unique, refreshing choice for women. Not bad at all!
positive Nevermind the insanity of the name, this is a pleasantly luminous vanilla-inspired scent with a fraction of the richness associated with the bean and none of the heft. A hint of spice, a touch of floral and a toasty paper-like crispness come together for a surprisingly interesting take on the genre. 

Vanille Insensée smells to me like an improved albeit sweeter version of DSquared Rocky Mountain Wood with its warm floral incense vibes. Performance may vary with individuals but I can't personally fault its sillage nor projection as I find them excellent.
positive vanille edcNon-cuddly vanilla.  More woody than spicy or dessert-like. Papery, actually.  Citrus notes at the top tell you that the vanilla won't be either warm or sweet.  Ambery and smoky notes are accents rather than dominant notes and let the vanilla keep its crisp edge.  The Atelier line purports to reinvent the cologne genre. Without much sillage, strength or endurance Vanille Insensee doesn't step far out of the range of dynamics of the eau de cologne, but the composition certainly isn't the classic citrus edc. It has similarities to l'Artisan Parfumeur Vanille Havane, Serge Lutens Bois de Vanille and Parfums de Nicolai Vanille Intense. Atelier's vanilla shares the coolness of the other vanillas, but is airier, less radiant and more matte. It's the unlikely goldilocks between the contemporary woody vanilla and the classic eau de cologne and a successful refashioning of the edc genre. 
positive Like raw vanilla bean and spice. Haven't tried it alone, but it pairs beautifully with LaVanilla "Pure Vanilla," which has some patchouli in it. Together, they're as satisfying as a hot cup of fresh black coffee.
positive l get a refreshing, woody-citrus opening, & then l smell a lot of white musk along with a whiff of jasmine. lt takes a few minutes for the vanilla to appear, & it's not candy-sweet at all, but dry, & laced heavily with amber. The amber becomes more & more dominant over the next few hours, & the base has a warm, woody, slightly honeyed feel. 
l would say this fragrance is far more about amber than vanilla, so if you're looking for a straight-up vanilla, this isn't it. lt is a very nice fragrance though, & the sillage & longevity are good, this being labelled as a "cologne absolu". l think this is supposed to mean a "perfume-strength cologne", although l don't know why they don't just call it an EDP...

negative A thoroughly cheap-smelling synthetic vanilla mixed with some smokiness; it's both bland and off-putting. 

I'm inclined to be especially harsh here because of the absurd and disgraceful pricing. This is transparently cheap, nasty stuff being sold at entry-level niche pricing.
negative Just another cheap little vanilla.  It's that dumb marshmallow frosting vanilla, with isobutavan added for a hint of nuts and creme soda, and a touch of boozy immortelle that's trying its best to class things up but fails.

Right now, in any town in America, you could go to Ross or TJ Maxx and find a candle or a room spray that smells like this for less than $5.  This is the dictionary definition of what "cheap" smells like.

neutral Whilst I am the vanilla pretty much straight form the opening blast, this turns out to be different from the usual sweet, rich and strong gourmand-style vanilla.       

This vanilla is paired with a bitter lime, which gives the vanilla more brightness and a nigh-fresh character.  There is also a persistent metallic-like undertone that I get throughout the development of this composition.  

In the heart notes a fairly nonspecific woodsiness arises, and touches of cardamom and coriander add gently spiciness from time to time.  

The base adds little new on me, except an amber impression of muted shrillness.  The vanilla is still lingering on until the end, although the citrus element has more or less evaporated by now.  

I get moderate sillage, adequate projection and an excellent ten hours of longevity on my skin.  

This scent for warmer autumn day is based on a pared-down slim, bright and cool vanilla, an anti-vanilla as far the the traditional sweet gourmand versions go.  The mighty drawback is it’s egregiously synthetic and generic nature - maybe to an extent that it is insensée indeed.  A somewhat mundane vanilla, which might of interest to people who dislike the usual heavy vanillas.  2.75/5.  
neutral This is a vanilla cologne for the warmer weather. Vanilla perfumes are usually heavy and sweet and more suitable for colder months, but Atelier manages to produce a blend for the warmer months. The citrus and woody notes surround the center staged creamy vanilla. It is a light gourmand, like a fresh chilled vanilla cream desert. It's moderately sweet, mostly linear and with medium performance.
neutral Vanille Insensée is a light and spicy vanilla that leans towards green freshness, unusual for a vanilla fragrance. The drydown becomes less green and fresh, more of the spice and vanilla.

Projection is very good.
neutral Oh, i was so happy to finally try this one... it sounded like an interesting vanilla. And then, the disappointment. It smells like Demeter! A lot of alcohol and the same "backscent". I think my mind's tricking me into this because of the coriander. It's quite weak but long-lasting. Try Eau de l’Angelus for something similar but much more qualitative, cheaper and potent. I get many compliments with it.
neutral  If you want to smell like singed, buttered tonka this stuff will knock you out. The quieter dimensions at work (especially the moss) keep things in check as best they can, but it's a tough sell to make a truly interesting vanilla-centered fragrance. Not at all a bad scent, overall. Fans of VI looking for a little more dimension may have some fun looking for old samples of Scott McClintock. 
neutral This soft-spoken offering from the typically soft-spoken house of Atelier Cologne made me eat the following words, which I've repeated many times:

"I've never smelled anything similar to any of Imaginary Authors line."

Well, now I have.  Vanille Insensée is not as unique overall as Memoirs of a Trespasser is, but the dry and mellow vanilla smells as if it comes from the exact same aroma chemical.  Honestly, the whole thing smells a lot like MoaT.

As for what I smell, it opens with the signature citrus/bergamot opening that Atelier is so fond of.  The same opening that I can barely detect. About 10 minutes in, I get the type of vanilla I mentioned earlier (dry, mellow) with some nice green/watery notes (not aquatic, though) that come forward as it develops.  There is a nondescript floral note that I can't put my finger on, but I don't get any jasmine.  It settles down into a woody, dry vanilla base.

This a vanilla I can wear.  It's not sicky sweet at all and  like MoaT, comes across as gender-less.

Like almost everything I've tried from Atelier Cologne (I bought sample set of the entire line) this is pleasant and unlikely to offend.  It doesn't particularly wow me though, and neither does Memoirs of a Trespasser, for reference.

Kind of strange that the name contains the word "Insensée" because I detect no incense here.  Although, when I type it into Google Translate, it comes up as "senseless".  So harsh Google!  It's not that bad.
neutral The opening of this fragrance is a very light and transparent semi sweet vanilla smell with the whisper of citruses mix with it.
The vanilla note smell like vanilla ice cream but it's very transparent with small amount of sweetness.
Projection is crap at the start and you can barely smell the scent.
A few minutes later suddenly the fragrance start to warm up and get stronger and sweeter and at the same time some floral notes came in.
The note breakdown says jasmine, but I can clearly smell rose beside warm and sweet vanilla not jasmine.
This combination smell sensual and interesting but it's quite feminine.
In the base some woods joined in and this is where you will find this fragrance almost unisex.
The base is a warm, sweet and sensual vanilla and rose combo with some woods in the background that give the scent a little smoky and dark masculine feeling which is very nice but still much more feminine than masculine.
Projection was terrible at the start and it's stronger and better in the mid and base but still average.
Longevity is good and it's around 8 hours which surprised me because of that mediocre to weak projection.
neutral Metallic vanilla?

Opens with a musky citrus, which smells quite synthetic, although the vanilla is present from the start. After around 30 minutes I get a really weird metallic smell, which persists throughout although becomes less noticeable with time.

Every now and again I get a delicious wisp of vanilla, but on the whole the sillage isn't great on me and it feels like I'm sniffing vanilla through a veil. I don't get the jasmine at all, but rather a clean, musky drydown that seems a little at odds with the promised vanilla.

Might be good for those who want a dryer, lighter vanilla, but this is not potent or rich enough for me. Hats off to Atelier Cologne for selling 7.5 ml samples, however!
neutral Vanilla and a Paperback book....Ok, it sounds weird, but this hits me as a strong dose of vanilla bean, and a supporting note that smells like a hot dry paperback book.  It must be the oak and coriander mix, smells kind of like pepper (not listed as a note).  Despite this, there is nothing special about it in  my opinion.
neutral Dry Vanilla When I was in the shop I made the mistake of assuming "Insensée" referred to incense (the French for incense is encens). Vanilla incense cologne sounded like a great idea. But, actually, the proper translation of "Insensée" would be "crazy" or "insane." Is "Insane Vanilla" a fitting title? For me not so much. 3 stars for quality. Although I'm not a fan of the scent, I can tell it's high quality.  Aroma: Even though Atelier Cologne advertises vanilla from Madagascar in the formula, I don't get the richness that implies. To me the vanilla note comes off rather flat. It reminds me of the synthetic vanilla the casinos pump into the air in Las Vegas to mask the stink of cigarettes. I get a subtle impression of the wood and oakmoss, but it's overwhelmed by white musk. Atelier cologne doesn't call out a musk note in their copy but it's definitely there. The overall impression I get is dry vanilla. I bought the travel spray on impulse along with some other Atelier Cologne fragrances and I'm glad I didn't get a bigger bottle. I'm going to use this for layering I think, but...  Projection, Sillage and Longevity: I find Vanille Insensée to have rather powerful projection and strong sillage. I layered with Ambre Nue and this one completely overwhelmed the other. I wore a little only on my wrists and even wearing a jacket that covered by arms I could smell Vanille Insensée quite clearly. It's been about 9 hours now that I'm wearing it and the scent is still making its way to my nose.  Value: I appreciate that Vanille Insensée is available in a .25 oz. travel spray. Like all Atelier Cologne fragrances, the big bottle is a great value at less than $1 per ml.. Vanille Insensée is also quite strong and a little will go a long way.Pros: Strong projection, sillage and longevityCons: Flat, overly strong
neutral It's funny that I'm seeing the scent pyramid and that Vanille Insensée has all of these notes, because when I was smelling it at the Atelier store, all I really smelled was vanilla bean.  It's not bad, in fact it's smoother than the pure vanilla madness of Love by Kilian.  But honestly, it's not too original and it doesn't really waver from that one note.  
positive A synthetic fall and winter gourmand fragrance that manages to stand out from the crowd with a tiramisu twist. Not groundbreaking or mindblowing by any means, but it has decent performance and nets great compliments. People love this one. It is pretty synthetic, and the opening is a nauseating alcohol blast typical of cheapie synthetic frags, but it evaporates after about 5 minutes and the nutty sweetness begins to take over. If you can find it for cheap it's not a bad pickup. 
positive Oh boy, how come still not hyped? Is it fabulous? No. Unique? No. Solid good? Yes. Surprised that some of those youtubers (no need to name them) didn't review it.

Tiramisu + boozy sweet. Creamy and somewhat powdery. Not my game, but I like it and would wear it regardless. For autumn and winter only as it is too heavy.

Aggresively strong and sweet. Shares the style with many fragrances, but has its own particular character. Namely those frags wouls be: CK Obsession For Men, Chanel Allure Homme, Guerlain Ideal, Boss The Scent/Scent Intense, Armani Code Profumo etc.

Not for everybody this one. Not for the kids because it has a dose of maturity. Not for the older men because at the same time it has a dose of something flippant, frivolous maybe. For 35+ crowd who have their own vision of life, not caring for other people's opinion. 


Originality 6/10
Scent 8/10
Longevity 9/10
Projection 9/10
_____________________
80%
positive [Wow...I recently noticed that SF Uomo's bottle looks almost EXACTLY like the one for Lalique's L'Insoumis EdT...coincidence or ???]

Salvatore Ferragamo's Uomo strikes me as copycat and unique all at the same time: A mix of woods, spices, tangy citrus, and sweet gourmand notes that seem quite common a formula nowadays (one recent similar  outing is Armani's Stronger With You; another albeit not quite as similar is Yves Saint Laurent's Y pour Homme); yet Uomo exudes its friendly casual masculine character in a special enough way that is not pedestrian. 

The presence of tonka in Uomo understandably draws comparison to the A*Men Pure Tonka scent, which I have grown to appreciate.  Yet Uomo has so much more going on, and the tonka is a strong supporting part rather than the dominant, bottom-line note in this fragrance.  

Personally, I have found that Uomo fits my fast-paced restaurant work environment and appears to be appreciated by my fellow co-workers. It is a balanced potion that lives up to its press release: 

“A sense of elegance and beauty. All the optimism and joy of a real smile. The ability to be modern, yet also timeless; to seize the day. All of this is part of the story of Uomo Salvatore Ferragamo, the new fragrance for men. A potion of pure Italian style.”

Definitely worth a sample spritz and consideration as a part of ones daily wardrobe.
positive Sweet, Tiramasu... Woody and a nice alternative to all other winter offerings.
Very pleasant smelling, perfect for casual wearing, as it isn't a beast in the longevity or the projection. 
So if you like the very sweet then give this a blast. Very warm and pleasant. 

positive i have totally changed my view on this. Smells amazing and sexy and cozy. good sillage and longevity.I get the baked caramel smell and its just really comforting and pleasant.I find it gourmand and rich smelling.
positive I really enjoy wearing this..although it is dominated by a sugary coffee note it is excellently blended with orange blossom and the ambroxin. It never gets too sickly either, When it first goes on it feels unisex but once the dry down starts it gets more masculine and you'd swear there was a touch of iris in the 4hr mark. It gets lots of positive attention from the females, which surely is the main reason we wear scents. I do think ferragamo have hit the mainstream jackpot with this, usually this sort of blend is reserved for the niche fragrances although the syntheticness gives that away.
positive As i waited seating in a restaurant for the waitress bring me the menu, some of the other clients were having their desserts already serving, and all of a sudden my nose catches a sweet-and-smoky note that makes me wonder wich of those cakes or creamy delights smells like that! Few seconds later I realize it's just Uomo wich I sprayed onto myself about an hour ago.

 It shares some notes with PR 1M and Valentino Uomo Intense, where this one settles just right in the middle of a full-retail mainstream EDT and a fashion house gourmand scent. While some may say it's too sweet, I like this approach of a young men fragance wich will make ladies keep close to their skin just to have some more of that sugar delight.

Longevity? First 3-4 hours like a blast from the kitchen, then it dries down to a more subtle scent that's still recognizable for the heart notes of it's gourmand blend. Totally recommendable if you're ok with not the typical "fresh and clean" men fragance and want to get a bit further with those dessert-lover ladies ;)
positive Salvatore Ferragamo Uomo is definitely one of the more hyped designer men's releases of 2016,an for good reason---the purported tiramisu note and the amount of coverage it's received each merit some attention from gourmand lovers like myself.

That said, Uomo is still pretty impressive, all things considered.  Many seem to classify it as cloyingly sweet, but I regard it more as a sweet blend with more traditional aromatic masculine elements.  The tiramisu is front-and-center but doesn't dominate the fragrance nonetheless.  The sweetness is paired with sharper elements to start and in the dry down the experience becomes smoother, more relaxing.  It's slightly spicier at the opening due to the cardamom and black pepper, which give way after about an hour to the tiramisu and eventually to woods and tonka in the dry down.  I admit I don't get much bergamot or orange blossom at all--not really any citrus or floral contributions at all to this.  It's mainly a sweet and woody composition to my nose, which is fine by me.

On performance, it's above average for an EDT, projecting significantly from the onset and having good longevity, as lingers just beyond the skin for 6 hours or more overall.

As expected, Uomo ought to work better for colder weather, and its projection is significant enough at the start to cut through colder temperatures, but it's modest enough to work on warm weather evenings, as well, as an alternative to a heavier-hitting option that might prove a little cloying in the summer, even at night.

I imagine this would be better for men but women could surely still wear it, as there's nothing especially masculine about it in the traditional sense, except perhaps for the spices at the opening.  But in the dry down especially, it's just a sweet/woody blend that could work for any gender or age.

On price, it's not terrible from a retail standpoint ($90 for 100ml) but on FragranceX, at only $55 for 100ml, it's a great value., so this is definitely one I'll need to consider buying while it's this cheap to start.

8 out of 10
positive Salvatore Ferragamo Uomo has a simply beautiful opening.  The dry down is not as satisfying, but still very good.  While I wouldn't recommend a blind buy, I think most fragrance aficionados will find SF Uomo a worthwhile addition to their collections.

Smell 8.5/10
Projection 9/10
Longevity 9/10



positive Very interesting in a good way.
This morning i sprayed this on and walk out of the room. The spice was prominent on opening but quickly transitioned to this tiramisu note (more to me like the coffee liqueur you would find in a tiramisu) and i would definitely put this in gourmand territory.
Shortly after, i walked in to the room where i had sprayed this and could still pick up the bright ope i g in the air. On my skin it had settled down to a lovely sweetness. 
Seven hours later, this is basically a skin scent now and the predominant thing i pick up is a faint lipstick iris reminiscent of Dior homme.
Just a lovely scent.

negative Extremely nasty modern hodgepodge aggregate  of the worst designer modern masculine synthetic aromchems tendencies of the moment.
Avoid at all costs.
To be noted I’m a moss, cat’s arse and beaver sack type ..
negative One of those A*Men-inspired coffee/lavender/caramel gourmands drenched in mass market masculine aromachemicals, notably those omnipresent aquatic grape topnotes and a full-on Axe body spray "woody amber" base.  It's OK at first and ends up smelling ferociously cheap.  In the recent flood of coffee gourmands, this seems quite unnecessary - the only thing it brings to the table is cheapness.
negative Very sweet, freshly-baked sugar cookies on a warm wooden plate.  Not a suitable scent for a gent.  
negative A sugary woody piquant synthetic unoriginal mess. A shame as the most part of the new woody releases "retracing" this infamous gassy (sugary dusty) trend. Ferragamo Uomo's opening is a cedary-spicy sugar's tornado while dry down is a less dusty-gassy nondescript woody-caramel. Zero texture. An unpleasant piquant boredom on my skin.

neutral Irresistible tiramisu!
Definitely a gourmand fragrance and definitely a lady killer scent,she'll love close encounters.she react to this like orgasm reactions like (ohh god,wow).to me it's a sexy chicken.

Uomo interprets the sublime masculine through a luminous aura with an intense,vibrant,and glowing combination of fresh Bergamot,Aromatic Cardamom and mild spicy black pepper.An addictive sensuality accented by oriental,intriguing,and enveloping notes like tiramisu, amrboxan amber,orange Blossom melds with a racy virility symbolized by woods such as cashmere Wood while Sandalwood and tonka bean provide a cuddly comfortable scent as she want to eat him when he wears this.the dry downs very smooth and sweet.It has a slightly tropical,spicy,sweet,and just yummy vibe.totally the sweetness from the tiramisu and tonka bean is what this fragrance is all about.

I sat there just salivating thinking of a delicious hot flaky danish dessert with butter drizzled all over it - this thing is a breakfast table at a pancake restaurant in a bottle.It really doesn't stand out in any particular way.If a guy has a few bottles of well made designer fragrances,I do not see a reason to add this one to the mix.With so many endless choices for mens cologne, this one can easily get lost in the crowd.suitable during autumn/winter.

Sillage?Moderate.

Longevity?6hours on my skin

6.5/10
neutral Batchcode 11i13AR 2018

Read so many reviews on this..really kind of a let down.

Its smells like it could be another Armani Code Flanker.

Im finding more and more that anything after 2016 is just not what it used to be - performance wise & sillage.

I blind bought because of all the positive reviews but was left rather disappointed. Its also very similar to Paco Rabanne Black XS.

I'm running on 4 sprays for 2 hours now and have gone completely blind to it, 2 on back of arms and 1 behind each ear.

I have to say again there is just a strong resemblance to Armani Code with slight hint of coffee bean.

I'd give it a 5/10 (average) just because its different - but not anything ground breaking or anything that stands out. If you want something sweet that projects - this isn't it.

Parting Note: It really does remind me of the way sample sprays in a magazine fold out advertisement smell 
neutral Salvatore Ferragamo Uomo sits firmly in the designer realm, a linear gourmand built around a tiramisu accord that is presented in a pleasantly airy fashion, but still boasts impressive performance.

Compared to something like L'Instant de Guerlain pour Homme Eau de Toilette (which, unlike the Eau de Parfum, boasts an airiness similar to Ferragamo Uomo), Uomo seems thin. Indeed, there are a host of cacao-infused gourmands from the past twenty years that vastly outshine Uomo in artistic accomplishment.

Still, there's something here worth enjoying, and its simplicity adds, rather than detracts, from the pleasure. 
neutral A sweet and thickly opening notes greets me and sets the stage for the future development: caramel, chocolate, freshly baked cakes and biscuits - all very rich, creamy and filled with vanilla custard. 

The other side is a nonspecifically woodsy note, which, at times, sports whiffs of a musky component.  

I get moderate sillage, excellent projection and seven hours of longevity on my skin.  

Clearly a wither scent for colder days, this creation is predictable to a level that is tedious at times.  The main drawback is the overly chemically synthetic nature of the ingredients and its poor structure.  2.5/5. 
neutral Salvatore decides to offer a Thierry Mugler A Men flanker and call it his own.
This composition is quite familiar: sweet woody vanillaic.  Add a salty spiciness for Ferragamo weirdness or Italian charm, your choice.
Not a bad fragrance in and of itself, since it does stand out in that tonka bean based gourmand-for-men genre of masculine fragrances.

neutral My initial thoughts after spraying were a cup of coffee with cookies baking or honey roasted almonds.  Very syrupy sweet, heavy and nutty. Wife detected some "smokey" notes.

Seems most appropriate for cold nights when you want to get close with someone.

Very good projection from opening into the drydown, so no need to over-spray. After the opening softens, I do get some florals, although only in a very soft way.




neutral A gourmand lover's dream.  This opens with sugar, vanilla, maple syrup, a bit of cooking spices...Cinnamon? Reminds me of some of the Bond no 9 Sickly sweet gourmands. New Haarlem maybe? Anyway, if you get it ONLY wear it in cold weather, and not somewhere where it will mingle with food odors.
positive A sweet boozy cherry tobacco scent with roasted almond/tonka and some woods.

I was pleasantly surprised by this one.
this starts off with a huge dark sweet cherry note which tones down quickly within 5 minutes. i then get some boozy cherry tobacco along with slightly roasted almonds. at this stage it reminds me just a little bit of some of the notes in tobacco vanille. i dont get the rose and jasmin.

After that it gradually gets more woody (cedarwood), more balsamic and less sweet/almondy over the course of 3 hours. by the 4 hour mark the scent is woody with some tonka and vanilla, some remains of the cherry note and just a hint of those spices. lasts 6 plus hours and has moderate projection its not weak at all by any means.
also, its totally unisex.
Overall score 8.2/10
positive I am obsessed with this fragrance. I received it for Christmas and have already purchased a backup for myself, and if it’s confirmed that this is in fact a limited edition I’ll be saving up to purchase a few more... I’ve honestly never smelled anything like this that moved me (or the money in my wallet) so strongly. 

The scent is divinely delicious on me. Sweet cherry syrup that lasts for hours before the woody tonka drydown. I get a hint of almonds but they’re toasted and glazed in the cherry sauce, which I would equate more to a sticky syrup than a boozy liquor, but I don’t drink so maybe I’m just ignorant to how that would smell. Regardless this juice is intoxicating and the entire time it’s on my skin I’m in love with how I smell.

The sillage is actually quite impressive but Tom Ford fragrances are always way ahead of the game in performance versus other designer fragrance lines for me. This is no exception and I’m actually shocked to hear that so many people had issues with this scent not lasting long enough or projecting, I’d say this scent almost knocks me out at times it’s just as strong as some of his other scents (I must stress again, on my skin). I never spray this on clothes, only on my skin, so I’m not sure if that would improve anything, because I don’t need to. There’s nothing about this fragrance I would change, except the price. 

I highly recommend testing for yourself but I wouldn’t suggest a blind buy even if you’re obsessed with Tom Ford fragrances like me because it’s an awful lot of money to be out of if you’re expectations aren’t met. Mine were exceeded and considering all the negative buzz this scent generated, I was pleasantly surprised. 
positive smells like Amaretto, a bit boozy and sweet, I like Liqueur of cherries, but as a scent, it appears a bit strange.

Performance is very good, but it is more suitable for Cold weather and for outside activities.


positive The release of Tom Ford Lost Cherry was almost as well-publicized, and seemingly highly anticipated, as that of Fucking Fabulous in late 2017.  In the case of Lost Cherry, the "limited edition" label used in FF was no longer a new feature, and since FF eventually became a mainstay, there was little reason to believe it, but lo and behold, Lost Cherry is only available in 50ml bottles (at the same price of FF, OWI, TOI, and NPF) at $320 for 50ml.

The scent, though, is quite great, and frankly it's at least intuitive in that cherry liqueur is a central note.  When combined with tonka and almond, it takes on a sharp, boozy feel, and with peru balsm, rose, and woods, it's creamy and comforting in the dry down.  It's really mostly gourmand without being utterly, completely gourmand.

Almond and tonka are fun additives, especially in concert with one another, like they were in FF.  Almost natural bedfollows, their sweet-yet-creamy-but-sort-of-powdery tartness makes for a fun counterpoint to the cherry liqueur, held by the glue of the balsam and woods, and ever so slightly hint of rose, barely detectable.

It's important to note that Lost Cherry's cherry is relatively short-lived, the cherry being front-and-center for only an hour or two and being wholly in the background after 6 hours.  The fragrance itself lasts somewhat more, not a beast by any means but not as horrible on my skin as some seem to purport it on theirs.

Performance seems to be the main gripe of the fragrance, particularly considering its high pricing, on the higher tier of Tom Ford Private Blend, and it being limited to only 50ml bottle as opposed to flacons that would allow for splits, or even 100ml bottles also, which would be better priced by volume than the 50ml bottles.

Considering performance and pricing issues, the Dua Fragrances alternative of Popped Cherry is particularly appealing in terms of slightly better performance, greater use of cherry, and lower cost, of course, at $65 for 30ml, always discounted further.  I find that both Popped Cherry and Lost Cherry have interesting nuances, the former more cherry-intensive and the latter more generally gourmand, particularly in the dry down.

I find Lost Cherry to be a great release, as much as the gimmick of the limited edition, particularly without the availability of flacons (at least for now...a new trick), does start to get bit old, and will undoubtedly test many TF fans, especially with other cherry fragrances out there like Dua's as well as another fresh/sweet/tart realistic cherry fragrance, Hilde Soliani Una Tira L'Altra, which is available on Luckyscent for only $160 for 100ml.

Still, I credit the release for drumming up some interest in cherry as a particular note and gourmands as a general category of fragrances. Presumably more clones that Dua's will follow.

8 out of 10
positive I just tested it at the airport. The opening is much of a candy-like, syrupy cherry, with the bitter almond playing a big part in this. It softens to a powdery tonka with amber-like balsam. Unfortunately, this original gourmand and regressive dries down to a cherry blossom that stays way too close to the skin. 
positive Lost Cherry really surprised me. I smelled it over the weekend and was captivated. I sprayed once on my wrist, and kept going back to it the rest of the evening...I went back to Saks the next day and bought a full bottle. It's insanely expensive, but a holiday splurge never hurt anyone, right?

Cherry opens this one in a big way. One of the most realistic notes I've ever smelled in a fragrance, it literally smells like you just opened a jar of high end luxardo cherries. After a few minutes that initial cherry burst goes away and leads to a beautiful almond/cherry/tonka fragrance that leads the rest of the way. 

Projection and sillage are both average, longevity has been good for me so far (8+ hours), and I am OK with that. I don't love fragrances that are loud and screamy with projection, and this is a fragrance that leaves a decent sillage trail and can be discovered if someone is close enough. I was really surprised to love this one so much, but on scent alone this has immediately become one of my favorites, and will be a beautiful cold weather/holiday staple of mine. 

negative Lost Cherry is a great name for this one:  10 minutes after spraying, it's G-O-N-E.  Interesting that longevity is good for some people and zero on others....

neutral Cherries, cherries, cherries galore - that is the opening blast;  a rich and sweet explosion of red cherries.  Soon they become really boozy, and an underlying undercurrent of bitter almonds And amaretto - darker and a touch more bitter than the Ferrero’s Mon Cherie chocolates.  

Then, after about an hour, the cherries truly are “lost” - the opening notes collapse spectacularly, and like the echo of an explosion, the amaretto remains.  No other contenders have a chance to develop: the jasmin Sambas as well as a Turkish rose- the latter remaining rather a background feature that does not contribute significantly to the development of this creation.  

The base adds a tonka impression that is sweet but not too dominant, at times is has a tobacco notion attached to it, without seeing the two taking the foreground as they do in this house’s Tobacco Vanille.  Touches of the Peru Balsam con and go, and a woodsy component developed towards the end - more cedar than sandal, but quite weak on me.  Whilst a bit of vetiver shines through rarely, this is a vetiver that is as faints as it is nonspecific.  

I get moderate sillage, adequate projection overall - from excellent to weak - and and about six hours of longevity on my skin, with the last few hours very close to my skin.   

As the name says, the initial cherry is lost very soon.     It is somewhat overly synthetic.  The subsequent notes are not particularly rich or expressive.  
Still, better losing one’s cherries than losing one’s marbles.   2.75/5. 
neutral Do you want to smell like a cherry? Well if you do and you want Tom Ford to be the brand that enables you to do so, you're going to pay $320 for 50ml of the pleasure. I really wanted to dislike this as I did Fucking Fabulous (2017) and Lavender Extrême (2019), but there is just something a bit fun about Lost Cherry (2018) which makes that impossible. Primarily, the scent is more complex than one might suspect and dries down into tobacco (which is always nice), even if performance is extremely underwhelming. Lost Cherry is a gourmand tobacco scent at heart, with a tacky theme the likes of which only Tom Ford has the gall to market at this price point, but if you decide it's for you, I'd grab one while you can if it isn't already discontinued by the time you see this, because it is a low-volume seasonal exclusive.

Lost Cherry opens with... cherry. I mean come on, what else did you expect me to say? There's a maraschino cherry mixed with a bit of amaretto liqueur thanks to the bitter almond sharing the top. The heart sees some rose and jasmine to make Lost Cherry more "perfumey" than just what otherwise might just smell like snow cone flavoring, but it's the base where things heat up. Tonka and tobacco undoubtedly borrowed from Tom Ford Tobacco Vanille (2007) make a show, and pair up nice with some cedar and sandalwood for a proper base, with the tobacco being the core theme past the first hour. Sadly, this is also a skin scent by then, even if it lasts all day otherwise. I also think Lost Cherry is quite unisex for fans of the note, and something this decadent can only be worn in a romantic or cold weather casual setting. If you have the audacity to spend top coin to drizzle yourself in Tom Ford's cherries, at least have the reserve not to show up at work in it, thanks.

There aren't a ton of perfumes with a cherry tobacco accord at their core, and the only other notable one I can recall is Burberry London for Men (2006), which luckily won't cost an arm and a leg, even if it is less sweet and a good amount spicier. The niche realms house some pretty strange things, especially in the frivolous-to-the-max realm of luxury lines which serve little other purpose but to be status-inferring symbols of indulgence, so I guess there really isn't much more indulgent out there than wanting to smell like a cherry cordial enjoyed with a smoking pipe. Whatever floats your boat, you had better be willing to pay for it, and due to the limited nature of these seasonal Private Collection releases, you'd better cherish that cherry while you have it. As for me, I give this silly overpriced fling a neutral for giving me a laugh, but I can't take it seriously.
positive For me the best way to enjoy Mitsouko, whether vintage or current formulation, is to wear the extract.  It’s the smoothest, prettiest version of this peachy chypre and it won’t leave you scratching your head like some of the other incarnations can.  The challenge of the EDP and EDT comes from that distinct “peach skin” accord of the opening notes.  It’s an abstraction, an idea of a natural smell recreated with persicol, oakmoss and other chemicals that will have varied reactions.  Some swear they smell a photorealistic peach plucked from the tree. Others like myself smell something both bitter and shrill, like champagne laced with strychnine.  But the extract is different.  It’s for Goldilocks. Somehow the peach comes off sweeter and golden, like it is linked to the milky warmth of sandalwood in the basenotes.  This Mitsouko is the one that immediately validates her status as legendary because she is such a timeless, unique and addictive concoction with layers of interest and complexity.  It is easy to imagine a person of 1919, 1960, 1989...etc. being faithful to this bottle and wishing that it never change.  That isn’t to say the EDP and EDT don’t have their own devotees, but it will depend upon how you react to that opening accord. When people talk about classic perfumery, French-style, abstract composition, they’re talking about Mitsouko.  It’s the reference chypre, the Mona Lisa of Grasse. The unlikely to be pretty Bergamot, Patchouli, Cistus and Oakmoss accord tinted and Guerlain-ified with fruit and flowers.  A perfectly judged, impossible to duplicate, enduring, mysterious masterpiece.  
positive This is reviewing a 50ml refill bottle of the EDP I bought online in August 2019. I don't know what the edition is, yet I am quite sure this is one of the most recent formulations, because yes, it is different from the formulae I have always known.

I will hasten to add that it smells wonderful... So it's not *bad*... just *different*.

Brilliant, nose-prickling aldehydes slowly evanesce to reveal a head of bergamot, and possibly delicate accents of sweet orange, a phantom lemon, petitgrain and neroli to create a brilliant citrus head. And the famous fruity, dry peach, kissed with a discreet anise.

To my nose, this new edition has more musky quality, with perceptible deermusk, civet and ambergris (all synthetic, I'm quite sure). Being a big animalic fan, I like this quality.

In years past, it would be at this moment that I smelled a certain urinaceous quality-- likely castoreum-- smelling for all the world like deer urine in a Texas cedar forest, its floor covered in moody, mulching autumn leaves. I'm really not getting that note here now... the peach/citrus is more juicy and "present".

To my nose, the spicy qualities have also been ratcheted down and made more linear, less "3D"; I suspect the famous clove note of the classic formula also had to be refomulated here, as the barky, non-sweet cinnamon is nearly as prominent now as the clove.

I am getting very little floralcy here, truth told, yet I am picking up on a salty Play-Doh heliotrope, girded with the French thyme "medicinal" or "Band-Aids" note that some describe. I'm not sure I'm getting any rose or lilac at all, and the result is, this formula smells considerably more masculine than ever, beginning to approach the brassy warmth of, say, KNIZE TEN. The pencil-ly cedar note is more discreet now, too.

The absence of oakmoss means that this formula is not quite as rounded, fungal, darkly sweetish and Art Deco-fusty as the old mixture used to be; it is also less "melancholy", as this perfume is so often famously described. Our forlorn geisha waiting for her British beau seems to have cheered up a bit, clambered up onto her tatami sandals and put on some Shiseido tangerine-colored lipstick.

And yet, I cannot melodramatically decree that MITSOUKO has been "ruined" here; the hand that has blended this is obviously expert and of the highest skill. This is still some fine, fine French perfume. In fact, some might say that this new EDP is more "wearable" than it ever was, more of a tous-les-jours candidate today, and not quite the distant and difficult "monument" she has always been. She might even be more "lovable" now (yet still removed from the sweet 'n' naughty hooker-with-a-heart that Rochas FEMME is). I cannot fault this *jus*, and she actually may find more modern lovers in this new guise.

Verdict: significantly tangier and juicier than earlier formulae; musky animalic notes more "present" now, though less urinaceous; very little perceptible floralcy and overall more masculine aura; less sweet and funky/fusty base.

Still gorgeous, bold, golden-glowing and compelling.

(UPDATE---->) Okay, now I'm getting the lilac. Surprisingly, it is not a head or heart note, but rather comes out to play in the late development of the EDP, after the spices have settled down! Mingled with an obvious iris, it smells both powdery, pastel purpley, and rubbery, like wet latex paint. Intriguing!
positive Peachy, musky and mossy. Maybe just a touch powdery and pissy. That is my thoughts. Not bad smelling or impossibly dated. Addictive and delightful. Classy and sophisticated. Complex. 
positive Adore this historic scent.  I just love this fragrance, and I make sure my wife always has a bottle!
positive Woman in the Dunes by Hiroshi Teshigahara 1964
Kobo Abe (novel)
positive Mitsouko (1919) is not just a great perfume, but also a very important one. Loved by generations and almost passed down like an heirloom from its fans to their children, Mitsouko is one of the most often-discussed classic Guerlains in existence, picking up the nickname "Mitzy" by it's admirers. I feel like a century after its creation, Mitsouko can only really be appreciated outside of these faithful fans for the history, context, and legacy it left behind for most rank and file people. Folks who enjoy perfume in the 21st century will have a difficult time understanding the appeal of Mitsouko, if only because it is of a style effectively extinct in mainstream or designer perfumery, and that style is of the chypre. Jicky (1889), L'Heure Bleue (1912), and the later Shalimar (1925) were all more or less in the fougère style, or semi-oriental fougère in the case of Shalimar, but Mitsouko was not part of Jacques Guerlain's usual "compound building" technique of basing perfumes on other perfumes, or building off of partial structures from past works, thus is unrelated to them or "Guerlinade". Instead, Mitsouko was a thoroughly new creation from the ground up, in an emerging style Jacques likely wanted to play with, and a style proving quite popular with women, becoming universally popular for much of the 20th century. It wasn't until the advent of aromachemicals that classic perfume genres declined in favor of cleaner and less-assertive compositions, with the restriction of substances upon which chypres were mostly based making chypres too difficult to create; the style had simply fallen from grace far enough to not make it worth the research anyway. In the meantime, the fruity-floral mannerisms and brisk cistus/oakmoss backbone of Mitsouko inspired countless perfumes to follow, and like most early 20th century feminine Guerlains, was also used extensively by male dandies, even being a favorite of esteemed actor Charlie Chaplin. The origins of the name "Mitsouko" is up to debate, but most sources point to it being derived from the name of the heroine in Claude Farrère's novel "La bataille (The Battle), set in Japan during the Russo-Japanese War, and telling of a secret affair between a British Navy Officer and one "Mitsouko," the wife of Fleet Admiral Baron Tõgõ Heihachirõ. As the story goes, both the officer and the Admiral went off to war together, and Mitsouko waited at home for the return of the survivor, with whom her romance would continue on. I think the association with this story alone managed to sell considerable units, since the Guerlain advertising was often hinted at it. 

The smell of Mitsouko is designed somewhat to be a compliment to the previous L'Huere Bleue, which is why they share the same bottle design. L'Heure Bleue is meant to symbolize waiting for love at the onset of night, while Mitsouko is meant to symbolize the returning of said love after a battle, representing something of a symbolic beginning and conclusion of a story arc. L'Heure Bleue is mostly a rich, powdery floral fougère, which comes on strong then fades into sweet warmth. Mitsouko is the equal opposite of this development, and represents a fragrance that literally reverse fades into view by being quiet in the opening, then gradually ratcheting up presence until the complex and sharp chypre base provides the climax. Mitsouko opens transparent, with light fruity top notes of peach, mandarin, bergamot, neroli, and lemon. The smell is so very familiar at the onset because most of us have encountered some of the women's perfumes ranging from drugstore to boutique perfumer that have attempted its emulation. The middle slowly materializes with rose, jasmine, ylang-ylang, and lilac, with a spicy clove note to sensually bind them all. By the time the base finally arrives, it's pretty difficult to tell notes apart, as the fruity floral top and middle collapse into a very complex and blended chypre base, with oakmoss and cistus labdanum being the only two really noticeable players outside some musk, amber, and sandalwood. Not quite Guerlinade, but still clearly over-engineered like most Jacques Guerlain pefumes. Some of the most cherished classics actually come across as hot takes on Mitsouko's finish in hindsight, so that deja vu comes back again for another round in my mind. Unlike whatever random Revlon or Coty everyone's Aunt Maude wore, Mitsouko has a certain refined air of a true sophisticate in its DNA, and doesn't reveal all sides of its structure in every single wear. Performance varies on concentration but more on that later. Mitsouko is not a casual fragrance, nor was ever meant to be, so wear it on special occasions where something as deeply textured or mysterious as Mitsouko feels warranted. Being perhaps one of the finest examples of a dead genre makes Mitsouko feel a tad more antiquated than some of its peers of the day, since Shalimar still remains in the public consciousness thanks to modern celebrity endorsement, plus the older turn-of-the-century Guerlains seem to more closely-resemble genres experiencing resurgence in modern prestige perfume. Mitsouko by contrast just sort of sits pretty with its hands in its lap as the darling precursor of the mid 20th century's favorite feminine style, which does more to make it an anachronism than the rest, but at least it isn't powered by aldehydes like Chanel No. 5 (1921).

I love chypres, but I also can't rightfully lead anyone to sample this without first making it clear that Mitsouko has weathered age the least-gracefully of all the classic Guerlains. Naturally, all moss was limited to ridiculously small levels by IFRA after 2011, and from 2006 to 2011, a blend of oakmoss and treemoss had to be used to reduce the amount of skin sensitizers naturally occurring in oakmoss by itself. This is why most classic chypres outside of the big sellers are discontinued, and the ones profitable enough to keep on the shelves in spite of themselves have been reformulated sometimes to the point of being unrecognizable by fans of the original releases. Contrary to that, a lot of research money has been dumped into the preservation of Mitsouko, with low-atranol "fractured" versions of oakmoss using molecular chemistry being substituted by Guerlain house perfumer Thierry Wasser for the natural stuff. It's this same reconstituted oakmoss that also exists in modern Habit Rouge (1965), and  makes Guerain chypres a far better sight and more authentic than most other chypre survivors in modern times, but still markedly different from vintage since oakmoss is such a linchpin to the chypre accord itself. Other Guerlains from the era like L'Heure Bleue or Shalimar rely more on powdery vanillic tonka bases or oriental elements, so they have survived in forms much closer to their original state than Mitsouko. Regardless of whether one seeks vintage or not, Mitsouko is still a large perfume by modern standards, so only fans of slow unfurling dry downs should seek it, with old colognes being brighter, current eau de toilettes having a more floral character, and parfum extrait having the deepest base presence/longest wear. I really like Mitsouko, and even if it's among the harder classic Guerlains for a man to pull off, I'd still flaunt it like I just don't care (because I don't), however I also cannot in good conscience call this unisex. Classic chypre fans consider Mitsouko one of several holy grails for good reason, but for everyone else, it is more of a historical journey than a practical perfume, answering the question of why "Mom's old Avon" smells the way it does. Well, now we have our answer: it wanted to be Mitsouko. Since 1919, a lot perfumes have wanted to be Mitsouko, even future Guerlain ones. Everyone just wanted to be Mitsouko, but there can only ever be one Mitsouko, and she still patiently waits for us to return home from our battles, so she can give us her love. Thumbs up!
positive Now and then I’m down in the dumps, worried about the sad state of the world.  Whenever that happens, Mitsouko is a perfect antidote.  Art, history, culture, timeless style — all perfectly represented here. Just one or two sprays, and it’s like the feeling I get in fine art museums.  You know you’re in the presence of genius.  As with all fine arts, it’s likely to take some time to really figure out and “get” Mitsouko.  Keep trying, it’s very much worth the effort.  Highest recommendation. 
positive Mitsouko is made with superb ingredients and smells very sophisticated.

I associate this smell with cigars and pipe tobacco. No need to be scared with it being peachy and feminine.
positive It’s not bad, but I feel bad for not liking it. The opening with bergamot is interesting, just like Shalimar. Then it’s a bit dull... 

OK, OK. After reading your reviews, I guess I'll have to try it again. 

The vintage Parfum miniature I have (from the 90’s) is way more interesting and make this review go from a “meh” neutral to positive. The bergamot is less present and goes towards a beautiful floral mix. Very potent. 
positive Say my name !!!! Mitsouko !
Wonderful !I like edt ,edp not good smell.
positive What wondrous story
Making past seem like present
Stirs in your bottle?
positive I bought this blindly and the Eau de Toilette came in the mail a few days ago. 

When I opened the gold box and took the elegant bottle out I was excited. 

Then I sprayed it on me. It instantly reminded me of my late Aunt Serena who lived from 1921-2011.  Which was both good and bad.

This scent is unlike anything I've ever liked. My first impression was that I hated it. My preferences are for notes such as opoponox, sandalwood, cedar, cypress, and bergamot. My favorite scents are Chanel Bois des Iles, Diptypque Tam Dao, Tom Ford Noir and Gucci II. I took a "risk" by purchasing Mitsouko.

The problem with me, personally, is that I was convinced this smelled like my late Aunt Serena. I loved her, but I did not want to smell like her. So I contacted her son and asked him if his mother ever wore Mitsouko.

His answer was related to something that will not sound at all politically correct but it is the truth.  

Aunt Serena was married to Uncle Luke,  who served in the US Army Infantry during WWII. He fought in the most brutal battles in the Pacific, both on Leyte Island and Okinawa against Japanese forces. He saw the worst of war. He hated the enemy.

So according to Serena and Luke's son Tom, his mom would NEVER wear any perfume that sounded Japanese. My apologies for having to communicate something which sounds prejudiced to modern ears. Yes it is, but it must be understood in connection to those who experienced WWII. There are still some old people who won't drive German cars, or people in China who cannot forgive Japan, or Japanese who cannot forgive the atomic bombs. We must all repair our bonds but we also must try and see how historic hates metastasized into wars. 

So now I know my Aunt Serena never wore Mitsouko. And after learning of this, I reapplied the scent, forgot the association, and found that Mitsouko needs time to appreciate. 

It is frankly old-fashioned, reminding me of opening up an old box of newspapers in an attic, smelling the inside of piano, entering an old house where a woman just dusted herself with powder and went into the kitchen and sliced up a peach.

The scent sticks and sticks and will not go away. It dries down into something perceptible and ruminative. It makes me think of the piano score from the Anastasia (1958) written by Alfred Newman and starring Ingrid Bergman.
positive I read another fragrantica review about Guerlains, which propose an explaination why this truly legendary brand not as popular as it was: they're not those over-the-counter 5-minutes-fame perfumes, they're mean to be take-home and appreciated in a longer time frame. Most people don't have the patience now.

Now that I've experienced mitsouko, I can't agree more with this review.

First time I tried mitsouko at counter, the sales person burst into laugh when they saw the grimace I made: the opening is a bit off-putting. It has a rather medicinal note which appears in a lot of old Guerlains, and I still don't know what caused it. I also get that inky/wet oakmoss tone on top. The rest of it is soft-fresh spice smell, not sweet, not warm, not harsh.

I just let it sit on my arms and went home, planning to scrub it off as soon as I can. By one accident sniff I was captured: it turns into something divine. The only note I can pick out is peach, not in a realistic way——frankly speaking, a lot of realistic peach only make me feel they tried too hard——but rather...lazy and comforting, not unlike a beauty lies blithely on the bed of aforementioned spicy accords, as if she did not know how charming she is. 

So Guerlain teachs me a lesson: never judge a perfume by its opening, especially old classics like mitsouko.
positive 

Each evening, come rain or shine, I run with my whippet through the enormous walnut orchards by my house, as the sun slowly sets. During the fall (my favorite season), the walnuts ripen and finally shed their skins, and the fruit drops to the ground. The skins, the shells, the still-warm earth, and the fading leaves on the trees--all of this is closely reincarnated in Mitsouko. The perfume's dark, velvety oak moss and its walnut-skin bite of piquant green create in me an almost melancholic introspection that suits my artistic nature down to a T. It's autumnal tone and notes that mimic moist, rain-soaked dirt speak to me in the same way that black and white films and photographs do. Its beauty is an aching, longing kind that will never be totally fulfilled, and it is all the more lovely because of this. Somehow Mitsouko seems to find the commonalities between the human body and the natural world, all the while speaking to a deep, nameless emotion that those who have lived long enough, share. 

-Review for the vintage PdT
positive I bought Mitsouko perfume bottles 15ml.& 7ml. This is classic and very beautiful smell. Perfume had flower,wood smell but Eau de Toilette had green smell sharply. I don't like EdT. 
positive This one I like, depending on my mood.  To me it is a woody, slightly spicy, floral.  No one note stands out.  They are all blended together.  It is a somewhat monotone fragrance.  

I have learned to love this.  Perhaps it is all the sampling of other perfumes, since purchasing this one, that I have come to appreciate its beauty.
positive This one crept up on me. I got myself a 2 ml sample of the EdT because I wanted to explore some of the classic Guerlain fragrances. I did not expect to really love it, but it did sound interesting, and I thought it might help me understand what a chypre smells like.

On the first try I did not even know whether I liked it or not. Compared to most of my (rather Chanel heavy) fragrance collection, this one smelled a little odd, a bit difficult, slightly off even. It did, however, smell interesting, not generic, and certainly not boring, and somehow I kept going back to that sample to try some more.

It took me a few wears to distinguish and label the different notes I smelled. I definitely get peach. It's not a bright and sunny peach, but more of a mysterious dark peach. I also get a little of the jasmine and some subtle woods in the base, but neither of these notes are the star of the show. 

The real defining note for me is what I've been lovingly calling the Guerlain funk. In the case of Mitsouko, it's a stale-flower-vase-water funk; vegetal, fuzzy and cool. It gives this fragrance a deep dark, murky green feel. This might sound unattractive, but it isn't. Combined with the dark gold sparkle of the peach, it transports me to a shadowy pond in a enchanted forest, where frogs just may transform into princes. 

And by the time I used the last of my 2 ml sample I felt sad that I would now be without this fragrance, so I bought a full bottle.

I have the sneaking suspicion that I'll continue to like this more the more  I wear it.


positive This review is for the 2014 EDT, which is reputed to be among Guerlain's better reformulations. I also have a 2015 EDP, and can't recommend that one - it has a sour note, and might have been among the batch issued prior to Guerlain's 2015 Mitsouko and L'Heure Bleue production halt due to a problem with one of their shared ingredients (that issue was resolved, and production resumed in 2016). The 2015 suspension involved only the EDP and parfum extrait concentrations of those fragrances - not the EDT.

Mitsouko EDT, while of course lighter and thinner than the parfum, is true to its heritage and actually smells more like my vintage juice than the 2015 EDP (referenced above). The EDT is fresh, crisp and well delineated, and it even has a little of the bite we associate with oakmoss (though modern Mitsouko contains only a fractionated version of that restricted ingredient). So I agree with those who say that 2014 was a very good year for Mitsouko EDT.  
positive It's bright and sunny. I smell peach and ginger and mace and honey. Even so, I would keep it for spring and summer. It's got a little spice to it as it opens up, and while I wouldn't call this a night scent /for me/, I tend to wear masculine perfumes at night, so this might be deep enough for someone who prefers florals in the daytime. 
positive Mitsouko edt is a fun, interesting fragrance, reminiscent of a leather handbag filled with lotions and other secrets, with some bright fruit and sweet flowers, peach and jasmine, I gather.
positive Unbelievably multi-faceted and ever-evolving during the course of a single wearing, and different to my nose every day I wear it. It seems like everything affects it, and tilts it one way or another along a burnished gold spectrum: the temperature outside, the time of year, my mood, the alignment of the planets, what I had for lunch :). Even though some days it's not for me, it is simply without peer and worthy of its pedestal. A treasure.
positive Purchased for my wife based on Basenotes reviews and popularity.  I own several Guerlain fragrances and always have found the house's scents very well done in a quite traditional sense.

What struck me as odd about Mitsouko is that it didn't seem dated at all but in fact, a very modern fruity chypre.  The peach and jasmine middle notes are prominent, supported by a mossy wood base.  Sweet, but not sickly.  Although not listed, there's a touch of white floral, to keep it feminine.  Good longevity and average sillage.  Seems to be a better fall to spring scent.  Wife likes it.

Thumbs Up for me as well.
positive I've tried this on a few occasions now, as all Guerlains require me to before reviewing! Well, this is an interesting one.  It takes confidence for a man to wear it, but once you feel confident, it's an amazing experience and nobody would ever think you were wearing a "Women's" fragrance.  Right at the start it's slightly fruity but in my opinion it's "dry", not juicy. That dryness allows it to be firmly unisex where just a bit more juice would have leaned feminine.  There's some citrus and spice lurking in the background but it's never very strong on me.

The middle is also immediately evident, you don't really need to wait for the top to fade.  The middle is moss and rose, plus just a bit of a peach-fuzz-like effect.  Also the moss here doesn't smell like the oakmoss we're all used to, at least not to me, and it smells nothing like the little vial of true oakmoss I have either.  It smells recognizably like standard green moss that you might have smelled as a child.  There's some vetiver somewhere in the mix too but it isn't grassy, it's earthy.  There are some woods in there as well but I can't quite pinpoint exactly what kinds of woods they are.  They're soft and don't smell generic or synthetic.  If this all makes it sound like a scent influenced by unusual outdoors-evoking smells, that's because it is.  Slightly sweet but earthy and rich, and shame unto anyone who says that description doesn't sound masculine, or at least unisex.

Things get softer toward the end but that's really it with this fragrance.  The only thing that made me question wearing this out in public was that rose note.  Upon further thought, however, I decided rose is very common in oud scents and incense fragrances that men wear.  If it's OK to mix with a peppery wood and smokey incense, why not earthy vetiver and moss? One more thing that really solidified my confidence in the fragrance's unisex quality was its reference in Habit Rouge EDP.  There are some parts in the middle of Habit Rouge EDP that are, at least in my opinion, a firm nod in Mitsouko's direction.  When I close my eyes and smell my wrist while wearing this, "feminine" doesn't even come to mind.  So relax, men, this is more masculine than original Habit Rouge and Habit Rouge EDP.  I think it's significantly more masculine than Dior Homme.  This is certainly more masculine than Shalimar, which many men wear.  Plus it's an amazing composition that we deserve to enjoy too!  Big thumbs-up from me.

negative So sad, this was a perfume I loved many years ago and wanted to sample again - and I can't smell the beautiful peach and mossy notes at all. It just smells like wet towels. Or maybe it's my nose. But this is not at all lovely, in fact it is rather nauseating, and I feel so sorry for all the people who expect the former great classic scent and end up with this miserable parody.
negative I really want to like this. It doesn't smell at all how I expected. It has a lovely woody clove scent that i love, but I can't get around another prominent note that smells perfectly like freshly opened band aids. This is the edt version, so that might make a difference.

neutral Trial of EDT from mini-bottle of set, unknown year.  Scent was nice initially, faded off rapidly, fading scent was nice; may try in stronger formula in future.
neutral There's much to love here, however it's not something I enjoy wearing.  As I have two bottles of vintage juice, I find that in my vaporizer, my home smells amazing.  Bit expensive for a home scent, but everyone who comes in is blown away by how beautiful my home smells.
neutral It's been about 10 or 12 years since I first tried Mitsouko, back when my Dillard's used to carry all the classic Guerlains. I didn't love it. I didn't hate it. But I didn't really like it, either. I did groove on the initial brightness of it, the juicy peachiness interwoven with citrus, but then after the first few minutes it devolved into something more harsh, yet at the same time kind of vague. I figured I just wasn't sophisticated enough to appreciate it, and yet I never revisited it.

Until recently, when I was gifted with a bottle of the EDP, which turns out to be from 2014, supposedly a very good reformulation year. The peachy/citrusy opening still really sparkles, and the middle sings a very fine spicy (cinnamon? clove?) tune on my skin for about an hour. But after that it just falls off the cliff and muddles itself into a big ol' bunch of fusty/dusty/musty-ness, and not in a way that I would normally champion, like, say, Joy’s symphonic florals turned to rot or Djedi's mix of damp-basement and lemony roses or Youth Dew's balsamic orange blossom weirdness. Here, and at least on my skin and to my nose, Mitsouko is kind of a mess—an expensive, beautifully made, historically significant mess, to be sure. But still a mess.

The good news is, if you love it, it will last forever. It's still wafting from the T-shirt I had on when I spritzed it two days ago.

neutral Every time I try this out,  it smells like spicy plastic and I can't detect the florals at all.  I'm mainly smelling a more peppery version of Irish Spring with something else I can't identify muddying up the smell. It certainly smells expensive,  but it's also highly stuffy and moldy.  It's what I imagine an old dowager's mink smells like. I love most Guerlains, but this one hasn't worked for me in any season. After an hour,  I have to get it off of me. 
neutral This is going to be a bit lengthy, but I think Mitsouko deserves it...

So here I am - my Basenotes wardrobe says I've tried almost 2000 perfumes now, and this is close to my 600th review, so I feel like I have a basic grasp on what I'm talking about when it comes to perfumes, and I still very much struggle with Mitsouko.  It's supposed to be the finest perfume in the world, and truth be told, I just don't really like it that much.

To me, Mitsouko is confusing in a frustrating way, like trying to untangle an impossibly knotted cord.  And yet somehow, everyone else seems to "get it" and have simple descriptions of it that make no sense to me.  

I started off with the current extrait version, spraying it on at every opportunity for years.  Something about its concentration always knocks out my nose, leaving me smelling practically nothing, whether I try a light or heavy application.  After years of thinking I must be doing something wrong, I've decided that the extrait simply disagrees with me and I've written it off.

From there, I tried the current EDP.  I have no trouble smelling it, but I just don't get the magic that everyone else does.  If I bury my nose in it and study it really hard, I can barely make out whiffs of peach and clove and a hint of something green and poopy, but it mostly all melts together into a cohesive single entity that smells to me like thick, peanutty dough.  It actually smells pretty good, but the claims of it being the best peachskin perfume or the ultimate textbook chypre are baffling to me.  

So, as a gift from a fantastic perfume friend, I got a sample of the vintage EDP.  As is chemically unavoidable, the topnotes have turned with age, so you have to wait through about 20 minutes of rancid vinegar before the good stuff starts.  Eventually, it lands on that peanutty dough smell, but somehow less cohesive than the current version.  I can smell peach - it's still not upfront, but I can understand how it is flavoring the peanut dough mixture.  The same goes for the rose and cloves and a dark green smell that I'm assuming is the oakmoss everyone is crazy for (it honestly doesn't smell like the little bottle of oakmoss tincture I use as my benchmark, though).  It's more strongly poopy than the current version, and the whole mixture is louder.

So I guess my favorite is the vintage EDP, but there are other classic chypres I enjoy a lot more.  I like the peanut dough smell, but the same effect is in L'Heure Bleue, but teamed up there with powdery flowers and greens and sandalwood and iris and the amazing Guerlinade base, so I like it MUCH more than Mitsouko.

So I guess that's it.  After years of study, the world's best perfume gets a "meh" from me.  Maybe someday something will click and I'll fall in love, but after all these years of sampling Mitsouko, I doubt that's going to happen.  So I guess that leaves me voting "neutral".  Oh well...
positive Salutation.
MITSOUKO is one of the best NIGHT scents.A heavenly feminine elegant scent that evokes wonderful memories as it is a unique part of your personality.It have a timeless appeal which transcends time.Mysterious,Classy,Warm,Heavy, Exquisite,Classic,Generous,Traditional and Unforgettable.

It has Floral-Fruity top notes that reveal Citruses,Peach with a soft spicy touch these lead to the Warm and Mossy base notes ruled by Amber,Okamoss and Vetiver as it has a lot of hidden undertones that seems to come out at different times of Night.It smell makes precious effluvium and transport it to Everyone.

It is strong but not overpowering or obnoxious.Regardless MISSOUKO is a must try,this classic scents possess a charisma that nowaday perfumes are lack it.no doubt it appropriate for COLD EVENINGS and i recommend it to a High Class and Dignified Lady in SPECIAL occasions.Heaven in a Bottle.

Sillage?Great.

Longevity?Magnificent on my skin.

8/10

positive This perfume has a little something in it for everyone. Herbal? Check. Gourmand? Check. Sweet - but not overly so? Check. Sexy? Major check. The base notes come out early, rounding out the middle notes into a robust, sexy scent, that dries down into something more somber and thoughtful. Quite an amazing journey. Plus, I do love a good peach scent... If you like Bond No 9 Chinatown, this will be up your alley. 
positive Edt Version. A smooth yet bitter chypre with a surging moss note that seems to rise up from the center of the composition.

Mitsouko is pretty great. It highlights the complexity of Guerlain’s compositions, managing to form a wall-of-scent effect but without clobbering you in the process. It's the ideal merger of florals, citrus, spices, and moss with the latter two items sitting in the front seat. To me, it’s a smoldering kind of perfume that seems to move away from the pyramid structure we’re familiar with to create instead the impression of a primary green core with the secondary notes rippling out in concentric waves.

As it settles, it takes on more of a wood/grass kind of a role but with a prominent peach poking through. The spices play a more focused role here as well, with cinnamon and something that smells a little like clove creeping into the mix. It never turns full gourmand, but it does seem savory and edible at moments. Ultimately, it’s a great chypre with a warm, comfortable edge to it despite its brisk opening.
positive This was my first Guerlain purchase, when after reading much about the brand's history and creations, I rocked up at my local department store, determined that I had to find one to suit me. The sales girl told me that I was definitely a Shalimar girl, then sprayed me with it, and Mitsouko, and left me to think about it. Half an hour later, I was back, hooked on the latter, whatever anyone said.
For me, it was not so much the fruity peach-skin note that did it, instead I was taken by the combination of oakmoss and spices (I sniffed cinnamon in particular), which reminded me of Christmas, perhaps in a wintry, foresty setting. It has a richness and warmth that speaks of drama and history, of people with stories to tell doing interesting things. But it is not just a plush, expensive perfume - the oakmoss, for me, sets it apart and makes it that little bit different.
I have to admit, though, it is exclusively a cool-weather fragrance, and works particularly well on grey overcast days.
positive Okay I've taken the plunge. The citrus is pretty obvious and so is the rose (which is similar to the rose on Habit Rouge EDT but stronger). Pretty quickly the middle notes approach with a nice blending of all those notes. The peach gives the floral a slight gourmand reaction. I found it to be pretty quiet in the first couple of minutes but now it keeps drumming on in a good clip with three sprays on my wrist. The florals give it a slightly "fresh bread" smell and the peach/oakmoss combination seems like the core of the scent. It all blends very well. I don't see this particularly being too feminine and I would recommend it to those who like, gourmands, rose scents, citrus and oakmoss. I think this could be suitable anytime of year but personally there is something cosy about it in regards to the spices and would be even better in the winter. The spices really move the scent forward. It doesn't scream of headache inducing florals but stays close to the skin and is very tasteful. It may seem stronger if you sit in one place collecting wafts of the scent. The true beauty appears in the drydown where the spices meet the woods. 
positive "I've lost too many to be happy..."

What is the scent of melancholy? This bizarre child of some post-war Europe is staring at you with its beautiful slanted eyes and smiles wistfully. Noone is certain how it was baptized with that delicate and mellifluous name anymore. A name that steps in two different worlds. The one of mystery and the one of the morning light. A name that involves a British officer, a Japanese Fleet Admiral, a heart split in twain, a French writer and member of Académie française, an Austrian diplomat, the daughter of a Tokyo antique seller tycoon, and a small part of the world called Hellas... The journey begins...
In 1909, Claude Farrère wrote a novel under the title "La Bataille". It was about the forbidden love between the wife of Heihachiro Togo or Marquess Yorisaka and the naval liaison Commander Herbert Fergan. When both of them headed for the Battle of Tsushima she promised that she would spent the rest of her life with whoever would come back alive. Noone did... Love and duty were drown in the Korea Strait, leaving her a lonesome widow. Her name was Mitsouko...
On May 16th in 1892, Heinrich von Coudenhove-Kalergi, descendant of a Byzantine family, married the tiny daughter of Aoyama family despite both families' opposition to that act. A few years later they moved to Europe. She never saw her country again... The had seven children. One of them, Richard Nikolaus Graf von Coudenhove-Kalergi, was one of the pioneers in the idea of a United Europe. This remarkable woman managed to learn French, German, Geography, History, Law and Economics in order to stand her ground in her new country. Her name was Mitsuko...
According to the fascinating stories which are many times woven about the christening of a fragrange, one of these two women gave her name to the myth. A name which, in its language of origin, means "Child of Light" and not "Mystery" as Jacques Guerlain would like us to believe. As for the "o" that turned it into "Mitsouko", it is simply the French pronunciation of the Japanese phoneme. But alas, although the name points to something cheerful, the perfume itself is one of the most melancholic scents I have ever sensed... Aloof, like the locked heart of a maiden who waits her dearest to return from a lengthy, perilous trip to some far-flung corner of the Earth... Want-clad, like the sad remains of a forlorn love, lost in the paths of time... A scent of unfulfilled promises and enslaved desires... There is an old Cretan folk song that says:

Everyone asks me "Why crying?".
But who do I annoy?
I came unwanted in this world
to make your hearts my toy...

I thik that it fits perfectly... Mitsouko is not the loud expression of a grief asking to be the centre of attention. It is the wise and silent agony for a world long gone. A certain story has it that L'Heure Bleue marked the beginning of World War One and Mitsouko its end. Like the symbols of a parenthesis that the world was hoping never to endure again. Mitsouko, despite closing this catastrophic parenthesis, is not an optimistic scent. Maybe because while looking back it saw the towering woes and looking frontwards saw the next war coming...
I do not know if you have ever had a feeling like this, but Mitsouko makes me yearn of someone I never met... It brings me memories of things I never lived...
I see a woman dressed in a mofuku kimono. Every dawn she walks with light steps to the wooden balcony of her house in Shirahama. There, she stands wreathed in morning dew and gazes the vast ocean...
I see Sergei Diaghilev, founder of the renowned Ballets Russes, to remind the stage workers not to forget to douse the tabs in Mitsouko, for the scent to fill the sybaritic hall of Theatre de Champs Elysees, every time the coryphées enter the stage...
I see the luminous Art Deco main hall of the "Normandie" where the passengers are swirling blithely to the tunes of the orchestra, while the magnificent ship floats her way on the frigid Atlantic...
I see Charlie Chaplin sitting ostracized and brooding in the lounge of Manoir de Ban, over Lake Geneva, staring without seeing at the bleak sky. Ostracized from a country which, a few years ago, worshipped him. And brooding... He who made everyone laugh... Everything around him reeks with Mitsouko, his favourite scent...
I see the audience in a live club located in Aix en Provence in the late 80's, pulsing with the sounds of a strange mixture of punk, rock, synth pop and jazz which the band on stage hands out generously. The name of the band is Les Rita Mitsouko...
And finally, I see a penniless painter in a musty attic in Paris during the Années Folles. He stands mesmerized by the window, trying to descry in the crowd his model who has just left. The lingering scent of Mitsouko caresses fondly the unfinished painting. The very same painting to which he confesses his love every night. The love he feels for her but never dared to speak out loud. Mitsouko solaces him and promises that it shall be with him as a reminder of her, untill the next time they meet...
I humbly apologize and ask for your understanding if this review is way too lengthy and borderline "delirium" but how many words are enough to describe a mythos?...
positive Genre: Chypre

How, in the course of reviewing close to 800 fragrances, have I managed not to write about  Mitsouko? To answer with a question, what more could I say about it that hasn’t been said already? Nobody needs to read more analysis of its structure, more rapturous praise, more speculation on gender-appropriateness, or more nit-picking over the various concentrations (I like the parfum) and reformulations (the latest is brighter, thinner, and more obviously fruity, but still recognizable). Mitsouko is a monument in the history of perfumery. You may or may not like it, but if you care about fragrance you should wear it at leas once.

positive I was a fun, no it is not correct: I was in love with Heritage, de Gueralin, amd indeed the parfum version was my signature. Nowdays, it seems that the eau de toilette has been reformulated, loosing its body, while eau de parfum, is missing.
Since I am in love with Guerlain house, for imstamce eau du coq, eau de guerlain, etc. I come to test Mitsouko.
Here you go: I am a man, amd now Mitsouko, the eau de parfum, is my new signature.
A fantistc chypree, light but present, as intermal flame that show you the way.
I do not care of marketing, to me fragrances are comimg without sex.
This is a masterpice of perfumery.
The utilization of peach in combination with mossy undertones is simply genial!
positive Mitsouko is by far the most fascinating, and at times frustrating, perfume in my collection. I have a complicated relationship with her. How I feel about Mitsouko depends very much on what she decides to show of herself to me on any given day. Some days, she is cold and reserved, and whatever glimpse of peaches I get is more like a pan of hard, unripe fruit being simmered in formaldehyde in a far off room than the ripe, juicy fruit of which others speak. Oh but when she decides to relent! There is nothing better than Mitsouko when she is in a good mood. Slowly, she will drop her standoffish reserve and part her musty curtains to reveal a bed of spiced peaches on a dark, mossy bed – this Mitsouko is playful and mysterious.

I am working on a theory that you can break Mitsouko a little, or at least try to bend her to your will by placing her in situations where she is forced to come out of her shell. I discovered this when I spritzed it on one day in Spring this year before going for a long, six hour walk through the city with my husband, young son, baby daughter and my mum. By the end of the day, Mitsouko had taken on this salty, outdoorsy, herbal aspect that merged with the faint sweat on my skin. It was if both Mitsouko and I had finally learned to stop pacing edgily around each other and just chill out a bit.

Part of my frustration is her unpredictability. I can never know which one of her Janus faces she will show me on any given day. I own Mitsouko in many different concentrations and vintages: the 2013 EDP, a 1970’s EDT, a 1960’s EDT (onion bottle), the modern pure perfume, and lastly, a 1970’s spray deodorant. Each one of them smells, and behaves, slightly different on my skin, and none of them are consistent in what they reveal to me of their character. For example, today, to write this , I sprayed the 1970’s EDT – a version with real oakmoss listed on the back of the bottle – on the back of one arm. It is usually the friendliest version of them all, for me. But today, its opening was rather severe and unforgiving.

Two hours in, however, and I get a surprise! For the first time in my relationship with Mitsouko, she is giving me a glimpse of her spiced floral mid-section, the rose, ylang, and jasmine that when combined with the peach and moss, manage to smell like freshly proved bread dough. It’s delicious. I am not sure how long this little détente will last, so I am holding my breath, hoping not to alert her to my presence. If it is not clear by now, then I will say it openly: Mitsouko is not a perfume you own. She owns you. As for me, she’s grabbed me by the short and curlies, if not my heart strings, and doesn’t seem like she’s letting go anytime soon.
positive Queen of Chypres

There isn't much more to add to what has been said. We know it's significance. It has it's place in history of perfume, it's been called the best of all time etc...

It's Oakmoss and Peach and rose and many other things, it's like a secluded garden in a forest full of flowers, with the smell of rain still in the air. Jacques Guerlain wanted to evoke with this "the smell of a woman's skin". I understand what he was trying to do.

I also don't see how anyone would not like this. It's floral, fruity, but so deep and earthly and rich and very hard to describe. I find it very unique. A wonderful mossy, beautiful fragrance, and a wonderful experience to smell. I really think everyone should try this. I don't think "old lady" or other labels. It really doesn't smell like much else and it was the inspiration (like Jicky and Shalimar), for not just many other classics, but also much of what we have today in the world of perfume.

I think this should be preserved forever as something really special. It has no gender, time or place. It should stand as something for all and everyone, and for all time. Real art in a bottle. Wonderful stuff!
positive Splendid, invigorating, evocative, balsamic, flower, baroque.. a celestial symphony. One of the best fragrances ever made – easily in the top three at least. And speaking as a man, one of the fragrances I enjoy wearing the most. As far as I know, it's also one of the few scents that have not been "mutilated" with bad reformulations... the EDP is still pretty good.

10/10 
positive I purchased Mitsouko EDP recently, and have tried wearing it just twice.  Although I do not dislike this fragrance I could not understand the raves I've read about it.  It is a little too sweet for me. 

Today I tried a sample of vintage Mitsouko pure parfum.  What a difference.  I love it.  It is so much smoother it's like drinking a great champagne vs. a cheap one.  I know that's not a great analogy, but is the best I can do right now.  I only wish this could be made by the vintage formula, of course I've wished that for Joy also ( and a few others, LOL).
positive before i tried vintage PDT i could not appreciate this scent enough,

for me this is beautiful galbanum note, spicy, strong , vibrant....an amazing experience yes ,i love how Bal a Versailes put it. Oak moss is not that green here, but gives feel of something aromatic and natural behind, that takes breath away!

when i smell it from the distance i get old lady vibe , when i put my nose closer to the skin its soo gorgeous, one has to get used to it, becasue modern perfumes just lost it, from that old lady vibe i think there must be some animalic notes too

EDT version is much sharper, in a masculin kind of way, the differenc is huge to my nose, its more mossy, less spicy, and less beauty for me


positive The most beautiful smell in the world. I know they  say do not mix your fragrances but I wear this with vintage rochas femme, the two together smell sublime, try it you wont be disappointed.
positive The beauty of this fragrance is obvious in many parts: after the bright and fruity citrus-neroli opening arises the balanced flowery jasmine and rose, counterbalanced by the bergamot, and all enveloped in a creamy of lilac, jasmine and ylang-ylang note that bears the hallmark of a classic.  The clove is providing a slightly spicy counterbalance and is accompanied by a gently powdery element. 

The base contributes a cluster of cistus, touches of ambergris, lots of benzoin and some musky aroma in the background.  

A soft and gentle patchouli is given added with by a restrained oakmoss with hints of black peppers.   Herbal-wooodsy vibes appear towards the end, with myrrh and some sandalwood standing out here.  

Recalling an older formulation, however, a lot of the richness and luxuriant intensity has gone; it has become leaner, more "modern" and a bit duller. Whilst the Louis Vuitton version veers towards the neutral overall, the total score over the years remains a thumbs-up for this classic. Projection is average, but even the new version lasts five hours on me.  Great for spring evenings.  3.5/5. 

positive this is only for the  sexy and kinky type of guys, you wanna be dusky and sexy? this is for you obscure lovers out therer!
positive MItsouko is not a fragrance but an experience. This is mine. Take an eight week old baby from it's crib at 4 pm. It's bathtime. Droplets of breast milk have run down into the creases of his neck where they smell interesting but not offensive. The soft scent of cotton wafts up from baby's skin and there is just the faintest trace of fudgy excrement on his bottom, mixed with the protective barrier cream, Amolin, I think, slightly almond. the kernel of the peach.  His wispy hair smells divine and he burps a tiny hiccup of gripe water and you recognise the dill and fennel. In spite of the active biology of his skin you desperately love and desire what is so unique and you know that in minutes he will smell of sudsy baby soap and talcum powder. 
Mitsouko in repose, after the initial burst has gone, smells of love, breath, breast, sleep, innocence and desire, milk, cotton, fennel, almond and urea. 
positive This review is for the modern extrait;

The opening is very retro in feel, with an underlying creaminess that quickly becomes more prominent, & sweeter, almost cloying. After an hour though, it is softer & mossier. And although l don't really get the peach note, l do get the "fuzzy peach skin" vibe others have mentioned. Three hours in, l get salty oakmoss along with an ambery sweetness, & the whole thing is still traceable after seven hours on my skin.
l didn't expect to love Mitsouko, although of course l respect her classic pedigree. l can imagine growing to like her a lot after a few more wearings though, especially having read that she tends to show different facets of her character at different times. She isn't bitter & green on my skin as l have found other chypres to be, but l think it's the addition of galbanum that usually causes this. Mitsouko is prettier & much less "dark & mysterious" than l expected, in fact she is surprisingly easy to wear, & makes me feel very put-together, grown-up & in control.
positive My favorite of all time, owning 3 bottles.

A must try for every Perfumista.

This is simply became an Icon in the perfumes world.

This is probably the only bergamot scent i encountered which

in the opening you are not hit with bergamot ( contrary to aqua di parma)

which surprised me, in other words, perfectly blended
positive I still have a lot to learn about chypres, so it made perfect sense to try one of the world's most famous chypres, Mitsouko.

'Perfumes: The Guide' uses Mitsouko as their chypre reference, hailing it as one of Guerlain's best masterpieces. I'm young, not really a big fan of chypres, however I do agree wholeheartedly on that definition.

Mitsouko is warm, slighty spicy, mossy, citrusy and dry. This fragrance tends to be so complex that it is difficult to pinpoint any particular note at any given time.

While this fragrance may be classic and extremely well-known, there is a sense of timelessness in this fragrance. It doesn't age as it makes an easy transition into a new century.

The classic Guerlain's continue to amaze me. Mitsouko is just as worthy of praise as those very distinguished Shalimar and L'Heure Bleue bottles. It is a pity that Guerlain now produces fragrances that don't live up to its renowned name.

While mostly green, crisp and earthy to my nose, (a scent that I'd also recommend to men), I feel a sense of velvety softness, something that settles on my skin like a harmony of silky florals and creamy goodness. This contradictory experience both confuses me and allures me at the same time.

Perhaps the reason why this fragrance is such a masterpiece is because it can evoke so many different feelings and opinions. Mitsouko is not something I can imagine myself wearing, however it is something that I could have the desire to smell every few seconds if I had the opportunity.
positive Mitsouko’s most charming quality is that it suggests an aging face.  Remember back in the day when people aged visibly?  Qualities like patience, endurance, maybe even wisdom suggested that there was a reward to having come out on the other side of youth and middle-age.  Of having gained something.  There is something deserving, and in the best cases, generous to be found in an old face.  Something implicitly handsome and attractive.  

Perhaps for worse, but, with hope, for the better, I’m aging.  Mitsouko suits me more as time passes.  I imagine there’s the lucky young person who can wear Mitsouko with aplomb, but I like to hope that wearing Mitsouko with that powerful grace of age is one of the better things in life that awaits me.

from scenthurdle.com
positive My favourite Guerlain scent. Reading these reviews reminds me I should replenish my wardrobe and buy more
positive The first time I smelt Mitsouko I was so excited.  I'd read Luca Turin going on about it and was expecting some sort of divine revelation.

I went into a department store and smelt some on a smelling strip.  My first reaction was - Wax Crayons?

However, I'd been told that you needed to try this on your skin and keep going back to it (I've also learnt that the first time I smell something complex my brain defaults to a smell it already knows).

So I kept on trying but it still wasn't opening up for me.  Then on the seventh(!) try, I'd sprayed it on and had gone into another shop (I still remember it vividly).  Suddenly it opened up around me.  It felt like I was at the centre of a 3D scent mandala whose constituents were constantly shifting and revolving around me.  I was totally lost in the enchantment of it.

Ah Mitsouko, what are you?  Hyper-synthetic peach layered with  rich florals, or bright citrus with deep dank moss?   Sometimes you feel like a misty morning, others like a bright clean summer's day,  or musty dark green undergrowth in the rain, or a candy violet treat, or.........    Whatever you are smelling like though you really hit the sweet spot in my brain and smell just darn GOOD!

Mitsouko's genius, I believe, lies (like the language of Shakespeare) in indeterminacy.  By remaining complex and open, generations of people are able to project their own interpretations into its structure.  True Art.

It wasn't quite divine but I definitely got my revelation! 
positive   I've actually changed my mind about this fragrance. The first time I wore it I thought I didn't like it, probably because it comes on very strong when I first apply it. However, I gave it another chance today and I actually like it a lot more! I think how I feel about a fragrance can vary a lot depending on my mood. Also, Mitsouko is very different from most modern fragrances so I think I just wasn't prepared for the way it smells. Today, I've been wearing it for a few hours and I find I really enjoy the way Mitsouko smells when it dries down. When I first apply it I mostly smell the dry woody and green notes a lot, but dried down it smells like exotic spices on me and I find that I want to keep smelling it! I don't think it's a fragrance I could wear every day but it's definitely a really nice sexy evening scent! I actually do recommend this one to everyone who likes chypre and spicy exotic fragrances. 

negative I tried this for the first time last Sunday.  I liked it at first.  It was earthy and fresh.  Then it dried down to "little old lady" smell.   It just didn't work for me.   However, My elderly mother and Aunt liked it
negative It's unfortunate...that I have to give this perfume a poor review based on reactions from women I know. Two took a sniff of it, one is obsessed with perfume, and immediately wrinkled noses and comments like "What the hell is that?" and "Smells like old ladies". I guarantee you 99.9% of women under 40 will not like this perfume. I'd highly recommend trying this out before deciding to purchase.

neutral This is a love it or hate it scent for me and for a number of my friends.

There are days when its earthy, sharp cinnamon/carnation blast seems totally unique and intriguing and other days when I ask myself why I am enjoying smelling like I just rolled around in fresh loam. And I am one of those who can not detect peach in this at all.

What amazes me is that the strong carnation/clove note is not listed in the ingredients. What olfactory trick is being played here.

Top notes: Peach, Bergamot, Hesperides
Middle notes: Lilac, Rose, Jasmine, Ylang
Base notes: Vetiver, Amber, Oakmoss, Cinnamon, Patchouli, Cedarwood, Black Pepper, Ambergris

I tried very hard to like this classic, but ultimately have decided after using a full 100 ml bottle over 9 months that I will not be replacing it.  Wanting to love it, but can't.
neutral I rather liked this in the original formulation. 	A lady I know and respect wears this as her signature fragrance... in its original formulation.  Apparently she has a stockpile of the vintage perfume.  Unknowingly, I bought her a bottle of the new formulation as a gift.  She eyed it warily when given, complemented me on correctly identifying her selection and then said to me "let me teach you something about perfume."  So excused herself, and apparently went and bathed and changed clothes, and applied my gift.  What a difference!  A muted presence, so much lost.  That's when she told me "Only old perfumes are worthwhile.  The regulations imposed today make perfume simply awful."  In the case of Mitsuoku, she is entirely correct.  It's not that the new formula is disgusting, but that it is only a pale imitation of the original.  It feels somehow... soulless in comparison.
neutral Chypre isn't a genre. It's a 'tude. With that being noted, I have to admit I don't carry much of the chypre 'tude, but I certainly get it and like it.

Mitsouko is the wonderfully weird abstract scent that is a godmother of hard to categorize perfumes. It definitely smells like all the noted ingredients were baked and dried for an oddly flat, yet soft affect. I remember my first sniff 5 years back was a slam of peach and cinnamon with dirty herbs. Today I get more of a soft melting of the two worlds. The marriage of the peachy floral warmth to the dry green woodiness is clever and cozy, but still a wee bitter for my tastes. 

The unmistakable oakmoss and woodsy finish is pleasant and sophisticated like a rich grandmother who buys tailored tweed blazers. She seems like she would be harsh, but she would actually like to take you out for ice cream and shopping. 

It has so far settled into the sample paper for 21 hours and has left unmistakable traces front and center. That is staying power people. Mitsouko isn't my favorite Guerlain, but I prefer it to L'Heure Blue which is pretty, but too dry and filmy for me to wear.

I notice that different batches sometimes look....different. Some juices look peachy amber, others pale acid yellow. 
neutral When I was tried this, it was overwhelmingly sweet, but the longer it stays on your skin the better it gets. It fades to a lovely powdery sweet smell with hints of spice then a subtle peach and a final lingering woody smell. It's not 'the one' for me, but if you can get over its first overpowering sweetness it's like wearing a sweet summer's day with the promise of exotic travels. 
positive What to say about Mitsouko? Her reputation proceeds her. Even the name is mysterious. I blind bought this after reading many many intriguing reviews and anecdotes...I knew my collection wouldn't be complete without it. But, I was relieved and surprised to find that I also am able to wear Mitsouko. The overall feeling is classic, if old-fashioned, and well rounded , with a spicy cinnamon note in the base, middle notes including a familair jasmine/rose accord, as well as that well-blended peach note. I can't help but continue to to analyze this fragrance when I wear it. I love this fragrance for taking me on a trip back from 1919 up until today. If you have any interest in chypres, you must sample this one. But forewarned is forearmed, this bears little resemblance to most modern fragrances so if you get freaked out by the idea of "an old lady scent" do not blind-buy. Sample and enjoy!
positive Mitsouko has become my perfume in a way that no other perfume has before.   I adore it.   This is the one which fetches the most compliments too.   It works as an everyday perfume for me in the climate of The Netherlands.

I use the EDP.  Mitsouko is the only perfume in my collection that I desire to have in the perfume formulation and I can hardly wait to find a bottle.

I can only imagine what a masterpiece the original formulation must have been.   


positive Ah, Mitsouko, nothing really compares with it.  My mother was a Guerlain devotee.  Her favorite scents were Vol de Nuit and L'Heure Bleue.  I love them too.  But these were my mother's perfumes. I wanted my own signature scent.  When I took my first sniff of Mitsouko, it was true love.  Yes, it may be a tad old fashioned compared to more modern fresh and transparent scents - but that is probably one of my favorite things about Mitsouko.  It has a depth that feels mysterious( and actually "mitsouko" means mystery in japanese). Mitsouko is a truly beautiful classic fragrance and if you haven't tried it please do. It's a must for every perfumista!
positive Vintage Eau de Cologne

Mitsouko opens with a blast of peach, bergamot, rose, and spices with a weird lettuce-esque smell underneath it all.  Once it settles down after a few seconds, a fuzzy peach, some peppery spicy notes, and a faint hint of indolic jasmine over a woody oakmoss base are what I smell.  After about half an hour, the peach fades away gradually and the spices, woods, indolic notes, and oakmoss remain, slowly but surely.  It has a very full, "plush" feel to it.  This stage lasts for hours, a surprise for an Eau de Cologne.  It is also at this point that I am somewhat reminded of Patou Pour Homme (also in the opening with the peppery notes), but quite faintly.

Mitsouko is a fragrant masterpiece, and now in my top 5.  It truly is beyond gender, and just smells freakin' delish.  It's not the kind of fragrance you would have to adapt to - it will adapt to you, and you can make it YOUR fragrance.  Beyond gender, beyond season, beyond age, beyond time, and beyond great.
positive The first time I tried this, I didn't like it, thought it too old smelling and quite harsh on the nose. I tried it again a few weeks ago and have completely changed my mind. In a time when little girly pink bottles and scents seem to dominate, this is refreshingly enduring and not nauseatingly pink and flowery. I wore it to a cousin's wedding last weekend and was impressed at it's ability to take a subltle backstage to my outfit while remaining original and totally in a league of its own with regard to its almost mystical scent. Mitsouko to me smells timeless, speaks of seductive nights in a time and city long ago with strangers, of black lace, darkly painted fingernails and illicit liasons. Haunting and enduring, mmm...
positive (Review Edp 2010)


I was prepared to smell something unique, or feel something that I've never felt before, because everybody talks about Mitsouko and It's Magic.

When I first opened the bottle and took a sniff, I had a rare experience when this reminds me in a big way of Rochas 'Femme'. I know Mitsouko and Femme are in the same group of Chipre Fruity Fragrance, but i feel a little disappointed, because I didn't expect both scents were so closely related.

But there's a difference, because Femme smell more like Woody and leathery, and Mitsouko is much less aggressive, and there is certainly a strong presence of jazmin and Rose notes, accompanied by spices. So I feel Mitsouko is more easy to wear than Femme.

When this fragrance slowly start to fade (after 8 hours), i smelt another surprise, my nose Began to detect some similarities between Mitsouko and Miss Dior (vintage)(another Chypre Legend). So I came to the conclusion that Mitsouko should be considered as one of the most imitated perfume of its generation.


Anyway this fragrance is Still the Best Chypre in the world. It has great sillage, strength, and longevity
positive Mitsouko is one of those rare icons of fragrance that has stood the test of time and represents the art of fragrance at its best. I have never been as moved by a fragrance as by Mitsouko, which is, and ever shall be my signature fragrance. Equally wearable by men and women, it was the favorite fragrance of Ingrid Bergman and Charlie Chaplin as well as many others. I leave the description of the fragrance notes to those who done such a fine job here on Basenotes and highly recommend that you experience this marvelous fragrance. Two thumbs up for one of the greatest fragrances ever conceived by man. 
positive Some perfumes make me smile, but I happily move on to something else the next day on my quest for another masterpiece. Then there are those that become an important part of my life. I have a lasting relationship with Mitsouko, still I'm not really sure what it smells like. Sometimes it's a delicate veil of almond and pepper, sometimes it's a dark wood of a mysterious temple, and sometimes it's what I think molten gold should smell like. 

For me Mitsouko has so many faces, and I know I haven't discovered all of them yet. As soon as I think I have it pinned down, something catches me off guard and I discover a new perfume. Mitsouko got me interested in women's perfumery. One day while absentmindedly browsing a Guerlain counter I happened to pick up a bottle, and the exquisitely delicate balance of contrasting notes did something to me. I've been hunting for another Misouko ever since, and while I have since found quite a few perfumes that I couldn't live without, Mitsouko has a unique place in the perfume firmament.

positive I first became intrigued by this scent while reading The Collector by John Fowles (psychologically fascinating read, by the way). Inspiring more than one real-life psychopath, the book is about a disturbed young man who abducts a beautiful art student and holds her captive in the cellar of his remote estate. The captive-protagonist is vibrant, idealistic, compassionate, philosophical, dignified, and forcefully determined to live. She embodies a thrilling fullness of youth and passion and joie de vivre. She is the perfect foil to her emotionally dead, clinical, and hollow captor who lacks the ability to appreciate any of her remarkable qualities beyond just her physical beauty.  In one pivotal scene, she has steeled herself to seduce her captor, her desperate will to live finally usurping her principles. She is certain she can melt his cold, detached soullessness by giving of herself; by showing him human tenderness and vulnerability she believes might inspire him to show mercy.  Intent on her aim, she emerges resolute from a long, near-ceremonial bath wafting “oceans of Mitsouko.”

I found this scene haunting, weighty, chilling.  From this time I have associated Mitsouko with solemn resolve, beauty with the strength and fragility of spider’s silk, uncertainty as deep and vast as the ocean. A fragrance associated with human spirit that has been pushed beyond its limits and has emerged from the other side stronger, more powerful, and with the realization of possessing a kind of freedom that cannot be taken by another. That simple description “oceans of Mitsouko” has stuck in my mind; I longed to experience it, and yet, for some reason this curiosity was shelved and forgotten. Now many years later I have finally tried Mitsouko for myself and it brings all these impressions and associations flooding back to me upon first sniff. Incredibly, this smells exactly as I would imagine it on the beautiful young captive in her damp, earthen cellar on a dark, isolated night, prepared to take on and defeat the worst of human nature with the best of human nature – compassion and forgiveness.  Lovely, melancholy, beguiling, intoxicating, austere and yet warm, a touch sad, but also wise and knowing. Poignant. I do not think it was happenstance that Fowles chose to incorporate this fragrance as a sensuous detail into his eerie tale.

I have a teeny-tiny decant of vintage extrait; I suspect it has degraded a bit with time because on my skin the top-notes seem nonexistent. It cuts straight to a heart of overripe peach nestled in a mossy heart with just a hint of spice, mainly clove. I find this stays very close to my skin and almost melds seamlessly into my own chemistry. The voluptuous softness of the peach perfectly rounds out the sharper edges of the moss. I find it addictive, achingly beautiful, and unlike anything else I have experienced. Beside Mitsouko, all of my other favorite chypres (especially those by Bernard Chant) seem like they’re . . . missing . . . something. That round, soft sweetness reigning in the deeply hypnotic and expansive mossiness is utterly unique to Mitsouko (as far as I have yet to come across, anyway).  Since sampling this, I simply don’t feel like wearing any of my other fragrances. I’m sure this will change with time, but right now I am under Mitsouko’s spell. I am awaiting a mail-order of the modern EDP and can only hope it will not disappoint me. I am hoarding this small decant of vintage, indescribably saddened by the knowledge that I might not be able to replace it; that eventually, this scent will cease to exist.

I don’t understand the reviewers who claim they don’t “get” Mitsouko. I guess I don’t see what there is to “get” – it is beautiful. End stop. I don’t get bread, dough, pickles, rancid nuts or cooking oil from this. It isn’t a fickle scent on my skin – she has been consistently lovely. Maybe I will understand when I try the newer formulation.  Maybe I just got lucky with my chemistry.  I find it timeless, quite more so even than sister-scent Shalimar. I have a wardrobe of fragrances others might consider “old lady” and though I enjoy them and appreciate them, I can understand where the “old lady” critique might apply. I don’t feel this way about Mitsouko. I am suddenly all but intolerant of the “modern” fragrances in my collection – they don’t speak to me the way Mitsouko does. They never have. I am also a little saddened to think this may be my one and only olfactory experience of this magnitude, no other fragrance has yet passed my radar that has carried with it such anticipation, such expectations, and so much weighty context. I will enjoy the search, however!

positive An almost putrid jungle note of greenery in the parfum/extrait can be a little overpowering at the open, but this mellows down to a most unusual peach note that goes on for quite long.Woodsy, damp notes prevail in the drydown that serve to unify the wearer (me) and Mitsy in a bond of love.Awesome! And my 2nd favourite scent of 2010.
positive An epic tale in minimalistic detail with clean sinuous lines reminiscent of Artnouveau made from an Occidental point of view of an Shinto temples of the island of Japan and an austere elegance.the note of Oakmoss predominates much of this scent drying in the sun with a gentil breeze dries to a suble orange note and with sweet peach that is not cloy to your senses. next Delicate white roses blooms in a simplistic Garden pathway where a Geishawith her modest aura plucks an rose andsmells it gentily when the night falls the scent of night jasmine roams the nocturnal sky and the nuances of Gingerspices and cinnamon make this complete.every fragrance tells a story or conjoures feelings or imagesFor me Mitsouko conjoures feeling of wistfulness and melancholia like star-crossed lovers from two different worldsala Sayonara with Marlon Brando a romance between an american air force Major and an Japanese entertainer forbidden by both sides with tragic results Madame Butterfly with an american admiral and his Japanese Paramour or an small shrine silhouettedin the center of an island on the Rising sun dedicated to Amaterasu Goddess of the sun and the smoke of sandalwood incense dances to the heavens.Mitsouko can be spiritual wistful calmsimple distant aristocratic distant andMelancholy.
positive I actually CAN wear this every day.And my tastes generally go from cheap to VERY cheap.It is indeed symphonicmoodyrefined but not snobbishI will buy the extraitand it is definitely edging out tabuand avon "tomorrow"It doesn't just have the go-to*plushness*of a luxury fragranceshe has a story to tellshe is a woman who canand hasbeen worn by a manand will againnot in the wink winksensemore likesighsighrambledrink ginsighwrite *good* poemsglimmerat whoeveragainthis lady lives to tell
positive I know what LT meant when he said that by naming Mitsouko as the one he would take with him if he had to flee to Mars for tax reasons he was rrunning the risk of being thought a bit obvious. After all it's so well known as one of the Greats, a classic that is still there in the top 10 ever despite the arrival (and departure) of several thousand perfumes that would have liked to claim its crown. Therefore when anyone like me, who is never going to be described as particularly knowledgeable about scents, says that it is a staple that she could not live without, she runs the immediate risk of being suspected of an inability to think for herself.There's no law that says that the whole world should love a perfume, even if it's regarded by many as a masterpiece but sometimes the majority are right. When this happens you're not necessarily just following the herd OK, maybe some are, but I have been fighting the bewitchment of Mitsouko for years and have had to admit that it's got to me - it is a great fragrance and I love it.
positive Fantastic. When the purse allows it, this will be my first 'female' fragrance. Also, for me this is a rare scent that pulls off that powdered touch fragrances of the era seem to have in common.
positive For years, this fragrance was my all-time favorite, and I endlessly compared formulations and concentrations, and fretted about not being able to find vintage stock anymore. And you know? Recently I've found it to be a bit odd, austere, and melancholy, as if I'm smelling a dark undercurrent and some nuances that I couldn't perceive before. Or that didn't bother me before. I'd never question Mitsouko's greatness and singular beauty, I only find that I've reached an age where I don't want as much drama and history in my scent. When I was young, all I wanted was drama and history, yet life has offered me enough of all that on its own now, and I find that I'm drawn to the more straightforward, joyful sweetness of L'Instant! Call it a de-evolution, and a travesty to prefer a newer Guerlain, yet there it is - I choose sweetness and light.
positive When I first tried this, in EDT from a smelling strip, I was intrigued in part and disappointed in part; I wanted to like it but like gin at five (only the smell!) and Guinness at twenty one it was a struggle...And then something clicked as it much earlier did with gin and then Guinness.And when I smell it now, in EDP, I am every time astonished by its remarkable radiance; it shares a certain undefinable lustrous glow with high carat gold that is truly beautiful and truly irresistable.Putting a man on the moon? Pah! Gold, Guinness, gin and Mitsouko are the truly great human achievements.
positive It has all been said before (talking about the original version), one of the greatest fragrances ever made.   Shalimar, L'Heure Bleu and Mitsouko are, in my opinion, the three greatest fragrances ever made ( again, not what is being sold at the moment) .   Mitsouko, is subtle and divine; a perfectly blended Chypre 
positive Millions of peaches, peaches for me...I'm normally not fond of peach but I want to eat this fragrance. Mitsouko is ripe, sliced peaches atop a plate of lush, dank greenery. This might be the current, dictionary-picture definition of 'chypre.' Gender be damned, this smells good on me!
positive Luca and Tania I now know what you mean!  Mitsouko definitely smells so divine!  If Hermes could market their Un Jardin collections as Unisex, this one could easily pass for both sexes.  You will definitely enjoy every note (top, heart, base) of this elegance in a bottle.  I bought this one without testing it, only from the great testaments that I have read.  Needless to explain why this perfume still exist up to now after almost a century from its creation, you have to try for yourseld and you will know why.  Forget about the "old lady" feeling of this creation.  People who say this are those who only know the "common" perfumes marketed for the masses.   If it smells good on you, wear it!  If people don't like it and you like it, wear it!  It's about time to teach new generation the real art of perfumery.  
positive How does one possibly review what is clearly among the greatest works of perfumery every created?  You don't.  I need not heap praise on the chypre that defined the genre more then Chypre de Coty ever did.Instead, let me briefly plug the vintage Eau de Cologne formula of Mitsouko.  These EdCs are often overlooked.  Instead of just being watered down versions of the EdT, these EdC formulas are unique compositions.  The compositions themselves are lighter and less dense, but that doesn't mean the sillage and longevity are any lighter or reduced.  I recently acquired Mitsy in EdC and it may be my favorite formula.  Unlike other formulas the bergamot component of the chypre formula is very distinct and mixed well with the peachy top/mid notes, making a bright and sunny citrus/fruity opening.  The bright citrus/fruit opening moves over the next half hour to the classic mossy/woody base.  As it moves to the base quickly, one can experience the 'chypre base' for a long time, a real treat for us chypre fans who are used to just getting a hint of oakmoss as our perfumes fade off the skin.I would never tell anyone to turn down a bottle of vintage Mitsy parfum - never.  But if you get a chance to pick up a Mitsy in EdC, definitely treat yourself.Thumbs UP.
positive This is the most beautiful of all of the Guerlain scents for women.  Exquisite!  Whenever my wife wears this (usually for special occasions) I am actually intoxicated from it.  To me it is a real turn on but the wearer needs to be a very sophisticated, fashionable, and classy woman in order to wear Mitsouko correctly and get the full benefits of this timeless fragrance. 
positive More and more I appreciate the perfume house of Guerlain… after its Vetiver I started to experiment with Mitsouko. What’s there to experiment you will ask me! Well as written above, it is not an easy one to pull off. This is a powerhouse of a fragrance that lingers and lingers for hours… to the point that you can’t, simply can’t, forget you have it on! It is strong and all the other wonderful things written about it by other basenoters, but still this is quite remarkable of a fragrance to wear nowadays. I feel strange to wear it. I am almost always conscious how others may or may not perceive it on me. I am not the kind of person who cares too much of what others think of me (although we certainly don’t live in a vacuum); however, Mitsouko makes me so much aware of its presence around me that I keep on wondering what would I think of someone smelling like this! And it is me who I try to figure out! I am sorry if I sound too psychoanalytic but I put on Mitsouko this afternoon at 12.30 and at 20:00 I can still feel it quite clearly. Yes this is a historic fragrance, yes it smells olfactory to say the least, yes it is remarkable in its silage … but yes it needs maybe an updated version to be a bit more wearable in daytime at least, in our day and age. And for perfume’s sake keep the original going, but give us also a subtler version.  I haven’t tried the Lotus version and I am really curious about it. Maybe it is the answer. Indeed Mitsouko is extraordinary, powdery and warm; however, on my skin and for my taste it is too sweet.
positive MITSOUKO is an enigma to me. Though it smells green and mossy for the most part, I can't deny the existence of sweetness and spice, with a depth and complexity that are beyond compare. I believe it is this inherent maze of subtleties that bestows Mitsouko with a mythical chameleon-like ability to transform its character and compliment any skin partner. On a man, Mitsouko smells confidently masculine and cerebral; on a woman, it weaves a little web of intrigue, portraying itself as a mysterious, seductive beauty. Few are immune to its legendary charms.The EDT version I have dates from 1973 so I doubt if it's a reformulation, yet it feels light and translucent for a chypre. But when you consider Mitsouko began life as an extrait, you'd be a little more forgiving. On a more positive note, I find this translucence allows for greater variation in wearing styles with a more liberal application bringing Mitsouko's enchantment to its magical best.  *** This review is of the EDT ***   
positive My first reaction to Mitsouko was "weird", but definitely a GOOD weird. I wanted to get to know it better and bought a bottle of the edt. If you like resinous, chypre scents (or even if you don't) you have to give this one a try at least a couple of times. I was worried that it would be too spicy but luckily I can detect just a little in the background mix. Don't expect a modern day fruity peach note though, this is more of a smooth, "fuzzy" peach which sweetens the resins perfectly. I did not find it remotely musty or old lady-ish - thank goodness! - which I got from L'HB. To me it is timeless and quite addictive. Mitsouko edp is currenly my default perfume - the one I turn to when I don't know what to wear - and it never dissappoints. If you find the edp overwhelming but interesting at first sniff, start with the edt and take your time. It will be well worth it. 

negative Bought this for the wife based on all the reviews and so thought it was going to be something amazing. But I couldn't wrong enough,Mitsouko smelt awful!! It smelt like an elderly women's wardrobe. Very strong and very flowery....its so strong it would knock out any bee in your area!!

negative I sampled this in a store and it was just unpleasant.  It had a peanut butter vibe under the peach notes which made me glad that it was sprayed on a card and not on my wrist.

neutral Mitsouko is a monumental piece of art for sure and my neutral rating basically depends on its lack of versatility and by the faint appeal it uses to arouse around. Many find it prehistoric and pot pourri. I think this is the kind of fragrance to wear just for a gala night in a gothic castle and certainly not in the course of an "after hour" party or in a lounge bar while drinking an exotic cocktail. Mitsouko is a very spicy, woody-mossy and rooty scent with a deeply hesperidic opening and a discreet fruity and floral presence. Spiciness is exotic and mainly cinnamonic with more than faint conjurations about the Cinnabar's viney piquancy. It is an extremely mystic floral chypre with hesperides in the top, earthy/rooty notes, resins (hints of incense and myrrh), a central floral soul, a dark-green mossy evolution in the bottom and with several fruity (peaches) and creamy (a touch of vanilla may be) nuances. The presence of an aristocratic rose in the top notes enhances the spiritual and ethereal temperament of the olfactory work of art. It is like a virtual insight in a tunnel full of mystery and darkness. It's like matching a sort of extrasensorial and decadent state of bliss and silence. Its impressive (earthy/rooty) spiciness conjures me more than vaguely also Clinique Aromatics Elixir which nevertheless is more wearable and this is emblematic of how much complex and hardly wearable Mitsouko is. Whoever dare to wear this creation is a very complex, conservative person with a bursting personality. This woman (o man as well) is baroquely dressed, is enigmatic, indipendent and mysterious. She runs away in the night as a ghost, she walks severely along the lobbies of the nobiliar palace and never comes back again.
neutral I got a small bottle of Mitsouko EDT iin a Guerlain miniature collection that I bought about 2000.   When I was in Tokyo I also sampled Mitsouko in a high end department store. I really liked Mitsouko and could not wait to buy a vintage bottle before the re-formulation.  I found vintage pure perfume, bought it, and today wore it.  This review is for the vintage bottle that I bought and wore today.

It is not offensive but it smells like soap to me.  A very ordinary scent.  The scent also makes me feel really old.   It is quite different from the EDT in the miniature collection and different from what I remember smelling in Tokyo. Maybe it has just not aged well or wasn't stored properly.  Or maybe I just don't care for Mitsouko after all.  This cost me a small fortune and I have no idea what to do with it as I will never wear it again and the bottle is almost full.

Tomorrow or the next day I will wear the newer EDT and do another review. 2/17/2011

Well, today I wore the newer Mitsouko EDT.  It still has an overtone of soap but it has a fresher, younger smell then the pure perfume I wore yesterday.   It also has a peachy overtone.  I have to say that I may wear it once every year or so and don't regret it having it since it was bought of a miniature collection.  However, I will never invest anymore time or money in Mitsouko.  It's just not sophisticated enough for me.  Not offensive but not great either.  Just -- Neutral.
neutral This is a really heavy spicy one.  I am having a hard time smelling the peach. I dont dislike it. it reminds me of Shalimar, which I do like.  Its just... really heavy and old fashioned. Its like the perfume equivalent of a vintage Rolls - classy, ridiculously well made, but very few people are actually going to drive one around these days. I feel expensive and like I've aged 10 years.
neutral I've been living with Mitsouko for a while, and finally decided that it just doesn't hold up as a contemporary fragrance. Mitsouko is as melancholy and nostalgic as a packet of love letters tied up with ribbon and hidden in an old steamer trunk. But unlike Chanel No. 5 and Shalimar -- literally worn by everyone and their mother (and grandmother!) -- it no longer smells "of the moment" to me. Hate to say it, but there's a distinctly maiden-aunt air to this, and I could never bring myself to wear it in public, much as I appreciate its art, its mystery, and its history.
positive I first tried Kenzo Flower at Sephora over ten years ago when I was just starting to become seriously interested in perfume. I actually recoiled a bit because of how powdery it was. Now, I love soft powdery scents, thought back to my experience with Kenzo Flower over ten years ago, and sought it out. It can currently be found at discounters for a very reasonable price, is still available in 30ml, and who knows when it may be discontinued? It is 20 years old now, after all. 

To me Flower is the quintessential baby powder scent. I get mostly powder and little else. No florals, little musk. Not too sweet. It's not a complicated scent, but it's a nice comfort scent on colder days.  

EDIT: After several wearings, Flower seems to be a bit of a chameleon. Some days it smells soft and powdery, other days it smells more 'fresh and clean'. This adds to its complexity makes it more interesting. 
positive Opens with a slight melony note(calone given the release date?) and that lipstick smell that sometimes happens with rose/violet perfumes and a bit of a  synthetic buzz. It's strange on first try, but its also kind of strange and fun, especially the more wears you give it. Drys down into a lovely powdery rose scent over vanilla and white musk, which really comes in and rounds out the opening. The vanilla never gets cloying or bakery smelling though, and the white musk never gets sharp or too laundry-esque. It smells nice and clean and clear powdery and violet-y. Very nicely done in a very cool bottle. Perfect for spring.
positive Tons of violet on top; happy little, powdery violets.  Rose shines through a moment later.  Buzzy sweetness on top overall.  Lovely!

The middle and base seem to be as one entity, one blend.  There is a muted resinous, balsamic layer intermingled with a creamy musk.  There is an aldehyde, hazy blend thrown in here.  I'm going to guess it's the "chemical notes" listed for the base.  The violets stick around, dancing around the whole time.
positive A very good and nice soapy floral that performs well. Then, it’s nothing special for me. 
positive When I first spray this on, it appears very strong and very sweet, which if the longevity were stronger, would make it synthetic, sickly and overwhelming. Happily, it falls quickly to a pleasant soft, musky rose.  
positive I find the opening a bit sharp. A lot of violet emerges out while the rose gives a soft touch. At the drydown the vanilla smoothens it into a comforting body scent. I find it indeed very powdery. And I detected some incense-like notes that tickle the nose and constantly reboost up the soft floral and vanilla, very interesting. The sillage is quite good and the longevity is around 7h on me. 

I personally think the bottle is an excellent visual interpretation for the fragrance. It's floral, sensual, and incredibly clean. I especially love it in spring and autumn. I don't think it's a very seductive fragrance, otherwise it can fit numerous occasions with different amount of application. It's not bold, but still very distinctive. It surely has its uniqueness in the floral categories.

Originally written in 2013.
positive FlowerbyKenzo is condense of florals, fresh musk, resins and almondy vanilla. Joyful, radiant and spacious on my skin. Absolutely not cloying, I'd say exactly the antithesis of whichever form of olfactive sultry oppressiveness. While bulgarian rose (initially crisp and earthy) is heady in the fresh opening (a yet vanillic fresh and humid opening) violet and lily of the valley come out along the freshly powdery almondy dry down. Rose is yet present along the bottom, finally soapy and musky. The "denser" (more resinous) part is the central one, opening is crisp, rooty-herbal (yet sweet vanillic) and freshly floral while dry down is musky-powdery with a tinge of creamy resinous. This is not a masterwork but surely I catch on my skin a more than pleasant semi-oriental with a spark of floral-chypre classic sophistication (anyway supported by a modern musky touch of girlish glamour-chic). I detect a sort of sexy girlish floral acidity which is evocative of that hellish "young woman's sweat mixed with creamy armpits' deodorant". Appalling bottle. 
positive Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, no doubt. Kenzo's Flower is an homage to one of the fragrance world's great classics, and possibly the world's first gourmand - Caron's 1941 Royal Bain de Champagne.

RBC was the first scent I encountered upon moving to New York City. A young man I met on Brooklyn Heights' promenade floated in a cloud of melony vanilla amber, and this was the Caron, which immediately became my signature scent - this was in the early 1970s.

As Turin and Sanchez point out in their Perfume Guide, Kenzo's Flower attempts to recreate Caron's masterpiece. It begins quite similarly with honeydew melon and marshmallow, floating over vanilla and amber. However, Flower is greener than the Caron and inside of 15 minutes, has settled down to a pleasant reedy artemesia-like wood scent.  Whereas with the Caron, the melon, amber and vanilla never let up.

A nice alternative, but I'd advise to stick with the original, which is so affordable, it eclipses the Kenzo as an economical investment.
positive Salutation.

FLOWER BY KENZO is an Great fragrance that Invite to Love. It is The brainchild a Genius Like ALBERTO MORILLAS. It is Asia Prestige in The Perfume World too. I was really Pleasantly Surprised when I first smelled this perfume a few Years ago. Subtle,Clean, Natural,Romantic, Sophisticated,Fantasy,Oriental and Feminine.

A hint of Freshness by Black Currant Open the Scene for the Romance of Rose and the Intimacy of Violet in the heart While the base gains Sensuous from Musk and Vanilla.This Perfect blend is Utterly LOVELY,Feminine yet Clean,Soft and Not Heavy scent that lasts for a Long time without Overwhelming.

It is a Delightful Ladylike fragrance and Makes You Feel Like It is a part of Your Personality. The Scent is Light Enough for day wear and very Lovely for Evening Especially with jeans and when You dress up for a ROMANTIC Dinner or a Garden Party in SPRINGTIME. If You are Looking for a Tender Floral scent This one is a Wonderful choice but Test it first before Buying!

Sillage?Very Good.

Longevity?+6 hours on my skin.

7.25/10 
positive Why review Flower when it was released 15 years ago? It's been a bestseller for ages, has been the subject of many flankers and is a successful crossover in Japan. Everybody knows what Flower smells like...

Kenzo asked for a perfume that smells like poppy - a scentless flower. Pretentious folly or inspiration? It gives the perfumer rare creative licence  - and in response to this zen brief Alberto Morillas came up with a white floral bouquet.

A note pyramid for Flower is:
Lychee supported by ginger and mandarin, violet
Rose, with camelia and mimosa,
Frankincense, white musks, patchouli and amber.

Another way to describe Flower is; sweet, abstract flowers with hard black undertones on a basket of laundry musks.

Synthetic odourants are carefully selected to create approximations of rose, violet, hawthorn and Cassie; quoted from another pyramid. Rather than creating each flower and then merging them, molecules common to more than one flower bridge the gaps. This is economic use of materials as only the most essential components of each flower are represented. Close smelling reveals the limitations of this approach though and it's only partly successful. The texture wears a bit coarsely and the flowers do not smell realistic.

With this reliance on synthetics, Flower lacks finesse and roundness. The only natural materials being opopanax, incense and patchouli, and maybe a minute amount of Rosa centifolia, the high percentage of synthetics gives the perfume an artificial quality. This is not necessarily a bad thing; the plasticy feel of Flower makes it distinct from a more traditional formula.

Flower bears the hallmarks of its time (2000) with a watery-fruit note in the head, but in this case it's lychee rather than melon. Its linear core is built from long lasting materials.

As the intense sweetness of the opening declines, dry lemony accents of incense emerge. These give contrast and prevent Flower from becoming a sweet bomb.

Certain key notes have allowed Flower to become a successful crossover in Japan. The lychee in the opening flourish, supported by ginger - common in south east Asian cuisine, and mandarin, create a hook for the oriental consumer. Rose and jasmin have universal appeal and, and incense also has cultural resonance for the Japanese.

Anaïs Anaïs (1978) and Flower are very similar white floral bouquets, but where Anaïs' soapy bathroom accord of lily and hyacinth feels innocent, Flower is harder and less permissive. Its undertone of incense and patchouli announces in a low but firm voice that the pastel, soft focus reveries of the seventies are over. Kenzo's twenty first century interpretation is a plasticy, confident abstract composition. The white floral has moved from being the virginal symbol of early adolescence to a strategy marketed at young women in the postmodern world.

Flowers' continued production has been due to the cheapness of its formula, and is now thanks to its potential to penetrate the enormous and untapped market in China.

The succession of Flower flankers demonstrates the solidity of its formula, which continues to serve as a foundation for new ornamentation.

Flower (like Anaïs Anaïs) has the lasting appeal of a distinctive perfume that transcends the whims of fashion.
It has endured to become a classic.
positive Flower Eau de Parfum opens on a brisk green floral accord that’s at once smooth and refreshing. Violet leaf and violet blossom soon separate themselves from the blend, while suggestions of muguet (lily-of-the-valley) and acacia fill out the dewy spring bouquet. Just a little less roundness, a little less blending of notes, and Flower would smell like air freshener. It’s all squeaky clean – maybe even a little bit clinical – but absent the melon-aquatic notes (over)used in so many of today’s bright florals, the composition manages to keep on the right side of cheap-smelling. 

Flower’s foundation consists mostly of soapy white musk and soft woods. Because the base notes are not sweet, the scent maintains its crystalline clarity right through to the end. I would describe both its sillage and projection from the skin as moderate, and once its central floral bouquet is assembled, it remains stable for at least four hours before beginning its collapse into drydown. Flower is an easy-wearing, happy scent that manages to feel fresh while avoiding modern fresh-floral clichés. I think of it as a space age Diorissimo: equally limpid, luminous, and vernal, but tricked out in a shiny new metallic finish. I like it.

positive I like this, but I do find it wears off quickly almost like a deodorant. Need to top it up during the day.
positive An aldehydic, musky floral typically has an implicit sweetness.  An interesting perfume will play against type and either downplay or compensate for the sweetness.  Flower learned compensation and a sort of misdirection from White Linen, which it smells like, and Tommy girl, with which it shares a conceptual similarity.  

White Linen’s trick is to redirect the composition’s sweetness with a peppery rose that doesn’t so much diminish the sweetness as steer it toward sweet/tart.  From Tommy Girl, Flower learns the lesson of astringency.  Sour, as opposed to bitter, is a hard effect to pull off in perfumery.  In Flower, the sweet, powdery melon-like tone is highlighted by a slightly vinegary note just as actual melon would be by a splash of lemon juice.

positive After years, I finally tried this for the first time.  I used to pass it up, saying, "I don't like florals."  Ha ha.  The joke is on me.  This is PLASTIC FLOWERS.  It is totally weird.  I give it high marks for originality.  I probably won't buy it and wear it, but it sure is fun.  This smells like a bouquet of children's toy flowers scented with powder.  The entire scent is sweet plastic and powder.  This is amazing.  I keep smelling it, through the air, for hours and hours.  There's a bit of ivy or some strange greenness.  The rest is pure fantasy.  Wow.
positive I don't find it odd that so many people have given Flower by Kenzo a negative rating. I know that the sort of powdery, springtime-sugar-flower scents that I love are most definitely not for everyone and that a lot of people dislike such sweet perfumes. 

Maybe it's simply my body chemistry and the way that it develops on me, however, but I don't find it at all insipid like others say, nor out of balance - baby powder is not what it smells like on me. In fact, on me it smells a little darker and more mysterious than many other perfumes I own; it isn't by any means the scent of a femme fatale, but it's not without its charms; and besides, I am not a femme fatale! 
It's reminiscent of a warm, lonely early summer's twilight in a flower garden - soft, sweet and a little sleepy, slightly nostalgic; a last hour's rays of pink-toned sunset on a rose-twined wooden table while faint blue shadows cling to the edges. It's the sort of scent that you could wear just as well in a floral dress, crochet gloves and a boater hat as in an antique mourning dress and veil.

It is a very feminine perfume, on the other hand: not obnoxiously sweet but definitely a "pretty" scent, so it's unlikely to suit everyone's taste. I also agree that it isn't a stunningly unique or strong-willed scent - it's floaty and easy to wear, a lovely scent for a sunny day at a teahouse rather than the signature scent of a diva. Neither is it an intensely grown-up sex-bomb sort of perfume. Still, the lack of strong musky scents is a welcome relief for me and anyone else on whom musks turn unpleasant very quickly. 

My only personal complaint is that it doesn't have particularly good sticking power. I put a drop on my wrists and throat today, and while this morning I was smelling distinctly flowery on the bus it's now mid-evening and it's about as strong as if I were wearing floral talcum powder (although my wrist does smell delightfully like a wild rose bush now). 

Other than that, it's a light, innocent, simple scent wonderful for the spring and summer for any lady (or gentleman for that matter) who likes to feel sweet and elegant. I'd say it's an 8.5/10 for me.

negative its too acidic for me, somehow reminding me of sugardrenched poppycake with a spritz of some bathroom- cleanser.
negative I found Flower by Kenzo to be very sweet and one dimensional. In five minutes, all I got was cheap vanilla. It might, however, be good for a young lady of perhaps 12.

negative Cloying, sweet, nondescript powder. The smell is the polar opposite of the elegant, spare packaging. And red? Red isn't the color I think of for this. There's no passion or brightness in this mix. It's more like melted, rainbow colored sherbet mixing with leftover sheet cake.
negative The opening is all cutie pies and femmey bliss through the wacky/folky Kenzo fashion filter that makes those qualities into an art. The drydown creeps in with a hazy suggestion of freshly turned shrimp cocktail. Opoponax (balsamic and animalic smelling resin), hawthorn (ultra sweet and sharp), and black currant (the cat pee note) are notes that easily read as bodily and profane. Mixed into a modern take on Royal Bain de Caron like Flower, funeralic associations emerge: cheap bouquets and fetid bodies. Also there are ketones given off right before death, and this musk smacks of that scent to me. 

A very morbid review, I realize, and if Flower sustains the pleasure of its opening notes for you and skips out on the heavily disturbing drydown, you're luckier than I was. A perfume that means to be creepy and does it with grace I can take, but this sort of unintentional lipstick on the teeth scenario made for several queasy wearings before Flower was banish'ed. Though I like many scents generally disliked by most people, this one is beyond reprieve: could be summed up as soiled diaper and a rare true case of dead ringer baby powder. But like someone with a flower in place of a brain, I'll probably give this one another try at some point and report back once the extant repeat trauma has faded from memory. It's at least iconic?
negative On first spraying this, my thought was "Springtime!" but within seconds it morphed into a cloying, green-melon-shampoo smell on me. l couldn't pick out any floral notes, & certainly no opoponax; nothing remotely oriental here. Within the hour, all l could smell on my skin was sugar water. This stage lasted for another 3 hours before it disappeared. l'm not sure who this fragrance is aimed at, but l'd say very young girls might love it. l don't.
negative I found this composition to be very off balance.  The basenotes are musky and sweet, woodsy even but sort of impersonally generic due to their overly synthetic nature.  It's not bad it's just awkward.  Actually the dry down is probably my favorite part of this fragrance because the cold violet and rose mushiness is not taking over.  Overall, this made me feel frigid.

neutral The opening has a strong lipstick note. After that, powdery violets. Pretty enough, but not for me.
neutral The floral opening is pleasantly floral, rose-centred, with a frankly disappointing hawthorn -  compared to the benchmark Aubepine Acacia. In the drydown I get a good opopanax impression, and the base might be nicely fresh, but it is quite generic on my skin.
I get moderate sillage, good projection and four hours if longevity.
The flower in the bottle is kind of cute.

neutral I have it on today. And it smells so similar to Burberry Body because of the Bulgarian Rose. Wears off with vanilla scent.
neutral There's no doubt that FbK is a perfume to which people are seldom indifferent. It has a smell of quality, it's penetrating and powerful in its unnuanced sweetness. I don't experience it transforming over time at all, as others seem to. On me, it's signally reluctant to do anything but fade a bit. If I didn't wash, it'd hang on, getting stale, but still resolutely, recognisably itself.
I've had it and worn it, on and off, for several years, the same bottle. At first, I was enchanted by what I took to be its splendid girly innocence. I guess what's happened is: I find its lack of development over time, its insistent shout of sweetness just plain tiring. One can weary of the best perfume, but this one seems designed in a wearisome way. Any charm offensive can fail, it falls apart into charm... and offensive...
Someone mentioned Baudrillard and the idea of a simulacrum - something which is an imitation of something else that doesn't actually exist. What a wonderful insight - and about the art of modern perfumery in general too; modern perfumes being mostly made of aromachemicals. Yes, it's nothing less than Art. 
Anyway, to get back to FbK, shallow is shallow is shallow. In FbK, the map has indeed become the territory. FbK goes nowhere slowly and is, perhaps, the appropriate scent for my last day. When I leave a wish-list of garments and so on for my body to be clad in, I'll ask to be perfumed with FbK. I won't be able to smell it and I'll be beyond weariness.
neutral 
It's been a while since I first reviewed Kenzo FLOWER, my memory of which is best summed up as : vanilla baby powder. I fortuitously received a fresh sample in the mail just this week, and as I am attempting to understand Caron ROYAL BAIN DE CHAMPAGNE, it seems an opportune time to take up FLOWER again.

The opening of FLOWER holds lots of promise for this lover of violets—whether from Parma or elsewhere! Upon initially dabbing the fragrance all over my arms and décolleté today, I began to wonder whether my “vanilla baby powder” memory of FLOWER was really all wrong. Had I reviewed the perfume on a humid day, or irresponsibly allowed my blood caffeine content to dip to a dangerous low before brandishing my pen? Who knows? In those opening minutes, just enough time, coincidentally enough, to make the big sell at counters all over the world, this perfume seems like some sort of dream come true, a rich floriental with seductive appeal, clearly comprising top-notch notes which wax and wane in a lilting, lyrical way.

Alas, the drydown commences shortly thereafter, during which everything flattens out and begins to smell progressively more synthetic until, at last, I recall why my memory of FLOWER as “vanilla baby powder” was right all along. Certainly not a bad perfume, but rather blunt and banal in the final analysis, when all is said and sniffed. Rather like a marriage which may endure for years in a stagnant state after an initially exciting but short-lived romance.

Would poppies smell like vanilla baby powder, if they had a scent? Sure, why not? (if pigs could fly)

neutral  I think MISSSPRING's review really hit the nail on the head.  She wrote:

"If Flower by Kenzo were a blind date, the evening would evolve like this:
He arrives and is better looking than you'd hoped, he has sex appeal and he is so incredibly charming. At the beginning of the date you are in heaven. Then he quickly starts to lose his allure and you begin to feel let down. "Is it me?" you wonder, as you are still hopeful. But after a short while, you find him definitely dull and even slightly annoying. "

When I first put this on I really liked it -- almost as I do my beloved Shalimar.  And then it turned to powder - nothing but poweder - and it won't go away.

This is definitely not for me.

neutral There's nothing I can add to the reviews of this fragrance. It's a powdered spring sweet violet and mixed floral. It keeps you and the mood at that level, and doesn't seem to go 'deep'. So it has it's place, and works as a loudly quiet innocent seeming floral, powdered and light. A nighttime or sultry fragrance it is not, and doesn't need to be. I don't hate or love it - I can see wearing it in mixed social situations, church, etc. That being said, as with all fragrances with sillage and powder, this is best worn very lightly, as it will easily cross that line of intruding on another's space. It is also slightly sneezy, and that must be kept in mind when using it around crowds. If used with restraint, this exhibits the sweet innocent powderedness of a lingerie drawer. If not used with restraint, the insincere sweetness of an ambitious southern belle running for beauty queen.
neutral When you first smell Flower by Kenzo you will most likely recognize the scent as something that you're familiar with because you have at least known one person that wears this fragrance.

This perfume is quite distinctive. It's not an overly unique or ground-breaking scent, rather it is a safe clean-smelling, powdery floral.

I'll be honest and say that I hated this fragrance when I first sprayed it. It was strong, bitter and not at all flowery and sweet like I'd imagined it to be. 

It took some time for those top notes to disappear, but when they eventually did, I came to like this scent a little better. The violets are surprisingly the strongest and most dominant note throughout this composition, however they are powdery and slightly synthetic.

Overall, I don't mind the freshness and subtlety that Flower by Kenzo creates, but I'm really not crazy about this scent. To me it's just a common soapy/clean fragrance that hasn't pushed too many boundaries.


neutral Here are the notes listed on the sample card: Bulgarian rose, Parma violet, Amber, White Musk, Vanilla, Almond.
This starts like a big scoop of vanilla ice cream.  It is very sweet.  The florals are nice but they are all jammed together -- very dense.  Powdery dry-down.  I'm neutral on it (rather than negative) because it seems pleasant, not synthetic.  Once the sweetness burns off, a pretty nice rose note appears, with the white musk.  The scent is just too sweet and "girly" to appeal to me.  
positive Its a  good fragrance but easy to get sick of it
positive I really love this, whenever I wear this scent, I receive a lot of compliments.
Stays the whole day.
positive This has to be one of my favorites.  It's sweet, but a sort of dark sweet.  The scent reminds me of "happy."  This fragrance makes me feel like a women and always has others walk by slowly to really take in the sexy sweetness.  I went through a 3.4oz bottle in one year.  Just awesome!
positive This smells powdery, and doesn't wear off....I'm not a fan, I don't like smelling like a baby. A friend gave me a small little bottle of it....and I haven't made a dent in it.
positive So my boyfriend and I have this rule...we each have our night out with the boys/girls.  We don't ask and don't tell what REALLY happened on those nights because we trust eachother and love eachother, and for us it's like that "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas" slogan kind of thing.It just so happens that my friends are wild and dragged me across the border to Tijuana for a day of fun in the sun, gambling, drinking, dancing, and laughing.  I came across this fragrance in the duty free store as my girlfriends and I were crossing the border to come back home.  I had a wicked licentious smile on my face and some gambling money burning a hole in my pocket, so I stopped in for another huge bottle of Patron tequila when FLOWER caught my eye.  I tested it on my wrist and walked around looking for my liquor.  I couldn't resist smelling my wrist again and again and again.  I forced my girlfriends to smell it again and again and again and we all agreed that it was gorgeously innocent; the PERFECT date perfume.  Not the perfume of the "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas" woman I was that particular moment as I was searching for that liquor and trying to outrun a hangover, but the woman I'd be when I got home, and back to my boyfriend;  the vision of feminity and innocence that he fell in love with....I saw him the next day at church.  I was wearing my new FLOWER perfume, and a super girly baby pink silk Betsey Johnson dress with Kate Spade heels.  He said, "Oh My God, you smell GOOD - did you have fun with your friends?" and with the sweetest, most innocent smile and blink of my lashes I simply said, "yes"That is this perfume.  It's innocence, it's feminine, it's how a man wants a woman to smell.  It's his vision of you at your best, most feminine, simplest form.  It's sexy too, but not "in your face" sexy, but rather, more like a straightforward honest sexiness.  I will always wear this one before a big date with my love!
positive Taliaseki made an interesting assessment while I was searching for a note...dried clover! FlowerbyKenzo boasts a beautiful and feminine rose opening, and a soft one at that. The vanilla/opoponax/musk middle makes this one too powdery for some, but it just wouldn't work the same without it. Then there's that odd 'dried clover' vibe... The rest of its body is as clear as the stem of its bottle. It is mysteriously spacious, as though there's this hollow area inside the scent itself. And despite this apparent lack of body, Flower lasts for hours and hours. I love a good rose scent and this one's so curious I just have to like it. 
positive Kenzo Flower, what an absolute heart stopper.  If she were a woman I would be on one knee and forever in her debt. Im in love. The perfect powdered violet, rose scent that becomes muskier, sexier with time as she allows you to enter her little part of heaven.As your introduced to Kenzo Flower you are struck with sweet black currant, rose and hawthorn and a huge violet note. The black currant doesn't stay for very long but the rose and violet develop down into the heart nicely. These notes are greeted with jasmine and the bittersweet Opoponax, which takes us seamlessly from heart to base. In the base we find vanilla and white musk the jasmine being replaced for hedione (Firmenich tradename, basically a jasmonate). The base melts so close to the skin its heart achingly beautiful. Im almost reduced to tears every time I allow this beauty to dry down into my heart. I wish for her never to leave from this state of grace.Its soft, its powdery, its subtle only showing little nuances over a very long time. Being cautious not to give too much away too soon. Flower embodies modern femininity in my opinion and it has to be up there in my top 5 fragrances. Kenzo flower is one of my comfort blanket fragrances (along with JPG 2). She's a scent to be worn in hot summer days and cold winter mornings for me. This scent was created by Alberto Morillas who has created some of the best selling fragrances of the past 20 or so years and  I have to say this is my favorite from his portfolio.Utter Perfection in a bottle, makes life worth living.
positive Alberto Morilla's interpretation of what the poppy flower would smell like if it were to have a scent, combining the best of rose, jasmine and violet leaf notes to create an illusory floral accord. To my nose FLOWER BY KENZO feels voluptuous, textured with a mild powdery sweetness that draws me into its depth. Not the most enchanting floral I've encountered but certainly one of the most feminine. *** This review is of the EDP ***
positive one of the best female perfumes in production for young ladies.once you smell it on the appropriate skin, you can't stop asking for it.it is so clean, so femini, so nice that you will love it for life.  Smell like sweet flowers, powder but in any way, a very nice female perfume!
positive When this perfume was released I detested it. Far too powdery and overwhelming. However, later my cousin gave me the EDP in a dab on bottle. I avoided it for months, but then discovered that a mere two drops on the nap gave the most wonderously different result. It permeates gently but arousingly. Feminine, playful and uplifting. The powder is still there, which is not usually an element I enjoy, but it is augmented by the rose and violets to bring it out of the matron's water closet.
positive Kenzo Flower Parfum is fantastic.  It is luxurious and lingering.  My fiance is confused about it as he doesn't relly like it but it reminds him of when we first met.  It is quite a bold and lasting scent, perfect for wintertime.  I find myself reaching for it whenever I go to a ball or out for an expensive meal.  I find it sophisticated and memorable.
positive EdT: Horrible, fresh, prickly floral scent. Smells like a dozen others and makes me sneeze.EdP: Heaven sent me a pretty red bottle of warm, syrupy, floral goodness. If you like Fracas and Chinatown type of scents ( floral but with a warm sweet quality in there with depth) you should try this. It´s feminine, sexy but not slutty and comforting. 
positive I have the EDP in the clear glass bottle with the poppy. That was scintillating enough to make me buy the parfum in hte red metal bottle which is divine. I love violets.   I can't see a future without these perfumes, or one of them, in it. Both are more advertourous than Borsari's Violetta di Palma - the EDP more suggestive and playful, the parfum more sultry. 
positive It is one of my favorite women’s perfume. I really like this scent.
positive I like the Le Parfum (red bottle) more than the lesser concentrations. Reminiscent of heliotrope (everlasting flower), the sweet quality of FbK smells like you've spilt the best baby powder next door to the best confectionary bakery. This is one of those sweet fragrances I love to encounter, but would weary of wearing.

negative Less Is more i love the design a single Red flower stem verticly cuting though the clear white bottle.But I Didn't Care for the scent it smell too much like baby power it was to powdery on my skin
negative I'm afraid this fragrance has caused me some cognitive dissonance, and, judging by the responses here, it seems others feel this, too. Strange how such a "LITE" fragrance--that insidious marketing term is somehow more to the point than that respectable word "light"--can inspire such polarized responses as manifested here.But to say "I love this" or "I hate this" without attempting to analyze the issue does not constitute a genuine review, so I'll endeavour to explain. In the first instance, I find it difficult to comprehend that a fragrance of this sort--so airy, so frightfully floral and sweet, so (dare I say it?) "girly-girl"--can possibly be a floral oriental. An oriental that lacks mystery and darkness strikes me as a self-annihilating contradiction in terms. What would be the point of such a fragrance? I wonder if it was somehow supposed to be "cute," but it doesn't quite work out that way, either. And although I warn my students that "I don't get it" is not a very thoughtful response, I still fail to comprehend just what Flower by Kenzo is trying to be or do.FbK, as far as I can tell, is a rather simple linear floral with a little dose of musk and vanilla tossed in to "sex it up" a bit. Even so, "sexy" is not an adjective that comes to my mind when smelling it. I can see that for some it might be a **useful** fragrance; that is, it's not so powerful as to be overwhelming in the workplace, it's not particularly unique, and it doesn't require a larger-than-life personality to pull it off. I think I could tolerate it on others, but I would find it intolerably cloying on myself; but then again, I've never worked in close proximity with someone who wears it, and I can imagine that continued exposure to this sticky violet/rose confection could become quite, quite irritating.But, ultimately, what we have here is simulacrum as Jean Baudrillard would define it: a copy without an original.  FbK is a recreation of the scent of a flower that has no scent, which furthermore has two completely synthetic notes (hedione and cyclosal) as its basenotes.  It is hardly surprising, then, that it smells like nothing in particular.  Baby powder smells quite natural next to this.Having said all this, I find it hard to like any fragrance so devoid of mystery and personality. It seems to me that these two elements are a large part of what makes wearing perfume desirable in the first place. I don't "hate" it, I simply find it too insipid to feel any extreme emotion about it. The truth is, it's one of the most insipid fragrances I've smelled, and I find insipidity harder to deal with than downright obnoxiousness. Given the choice between FbK and Lanvin's in-your-face too-much-can-kill-you Rumeur, I'll gladly take the latter.
negative I tried this fragrance a total of three times hoping to like it but honestly I don't.  All I smell is baby powder and pampers.  This reminds me of my children as babies and it is not what I want to smell like also the smell never fades, it lasted and lasted until the next day. 
negative For me, this smells exactly like baby powder. Not like anything else, just baby powder. It smelled like baby powder when I first put it on 4 hours ago, and at every hesitant sniff ever since, it has continued to smell like baby powder, with maybe a little bit sweeter undertones. Slightly sweet baby powder. Personally, if I wanted to smell like baby powder, I'd rather just buy some baby powder for a buck. But since I hate the smell of baby powder, I won't. Sillage is pretty good, and so is staying power. Lucky me. 
negative Bought this after smelling the beauty of it on someone else. On them it smelled utterly unique and vibrantly floriental. On me, however, it smelled cloying, powdery and sweet - everything I hate in a perfume. I'd give it 2 stars though, on the basis of how beautiful and head-turning it smells on other people. 
negative Received a bottle as a gift.  Whadda waste of effort.  On me it smells like violets and powder.  Didn't do a thing for me.

neutral I thought I lucked out with the opening of FlowerbyKenzo… I smelled an impressive modern floral accord featuring a clear, minimalist rose note with a background modernistic aquatic note.  I say “lucked out” because I didn’t smell the expected violet note, which I tend to strongly dislike.  But that feeling of relief lasted only about fifteen minutes.  Then the violet note came on unrelentingly, to ruin the fragrance for me.  By the time the heart notes have been achieved, the violet dominated in conjunction with a powdery opoponax, vanilla, and the white musk combination.  The powder is charmingly feminine and of high quality.  The opening was a crystal clear floral presentation – a simplistically beautiful rose-floral accord that is an admirable and creative achievement.  I would think very highly of this fragrance if it weren’t for that unrelenting violet note.
neutral I want to like this perfume so much.  I love the bottle, but I completely agree with Lorettagrace: Baby Powder!  I put it on, and smell nothing but baby powder for 5 hours, then I get a hint of something deeper and more complex, but it is so faint.  Fortunately I like the smell of baby powder, so my 1ml sample will be used. I just can't bring myself to spend designer perfume price for the beautiful bottle of liquid baby powder.  
neutral The rose introduces the violet and dissappear in the first minutes. then a musky powdery sweet violet lingers on and on. i also get something ozonic (or dried clovers like?). Too sweet and too violet for my taste.
neutral I'm of two minds about this perfume, which seems to fit in with the split personality aspect of the perfume others have mentioned.  It isn't horrible... it's quite pleasant at times.  It's just that the violet in it smells of parma violets... there's a candylike aspect to the violet that can be a little bit cloying if the ambient temperature in the room or the season isn't quite right.  That being said, Parma violets do smell nice... and the sweetness isn't overly pronounced.  It's just that I would rather eat parma violets than wear them!
neutral Kenzo Flower is almost a copy of  of Leutece and Ombre Rose.  Magic Dreams is an acknowledged copy of Kenzo flower but I think it is much better.  Magic Dreams is dryer and blunter and less sweet and less powdery than Kenzo Flower.  Kenzo Flower is overly powdery and cloyingly sweet; Magic dreams is more buttery and has a fresher and smoother dry down. 
neutral Flower by Kenzo EDP and Parfum comparisonLeft arm: Kenzo Flower EDPRight arm: Kenzo Flower ParfumNot sure if this was mentioned in previous reviews, but these seem to be 2 different fragrances, irrelevant of concentration.On first spray, the EDP is a bit like play-do or latex rubber. It is not as "rubbery" as the latex note I get in Sarah Jessica Parker Covet or most of the Gaultiers, and it has quite a bit a fruit up front, sort of a peach-orange combination (nectarine?) along with a synthetic floral bouquet. Ok, ok, it is a fruity floral with some lactonic "milky" quality. Within 20-30 minutes, the sharpness of the fruit & flower softens to a bit of a soapy note, and is a little bit tart or sour. In fact, it is almost a plastic smell, or maybe a bit like old lipstick (sort of waxy). It reminds me of those dolls that have scented hair. Not bad, but if I had to base my decision to purchase on this one wearing, I would give it a pass.The parfum initially has more emphasis on the latex note with less fruit, and is more powdery with what seems to be a light amber. I would not say it is significantly heavier or stronger than the EDP. Rather, it is more resinous and rich, maybe more of an evening scent. The florals are less bright in this one, probably tempered by the amber notes. Of the two scents, it has more of the same qualities of Kenzo Amour, which I love. Unlike Kenzo Amour, Kenzo Flower Parfum penetrates my senses gradually with softness. I find it more in the "Amour" family than the special edition Indian Holi (which basically smelled like Amour with red cinnamon candle wax). However, the amber notes are not stellar, and with the sourness of the fruit and floral wafting in an out, I am not sure this one is FBW either. Having said that, it is definitely the more enjoyable of the two!Much later: Everything has dried down nicely...even the Kenzo Flower lost its dense waxyness to reveal a soft powdery floral underneath. Unfortunately I sensed hints of ammonia, darn it all, this aromachemical sensitivity!
neutral I'm just starting out with perfumes, so maybe I'll come to appreciate this one more as I gain experience, but right now the powdery note isn't something that suits me very well.  It dries down to something very like a marshmallow on me, which is a bit sweeter than I like my perfumes (YMMV).
neutral I can definitely smell the rose in this one and the sweetness sticks for a long time. Not my thing but I don't particularly care for heavy florals. I tried it once as it was my roommates and she adored the scent. She was from Brazil and said many girls there wear it.
neutral Starts out very promising, with a bright and uplifting opening, but quickly deteriorates into a fairly heavy, almost cloying, musty floral mish mash.  Perhaps it's my lack of experience, but I have a hard time detecting individual notes.  That would be okay if the fragrance was a 'symphonic floral' (to quote Luca Turin referring to 'Beyond Paradise').  Unfortunately, it's not. More like a poorly tuned high school band. Full on 'Meh!'
positive I couldn't not describe a gourmand and not use a food reference so here it goes. First blast is a lemon merengue pie fresh out of the icebox. Thick lemon curd with a caramelized sugar topping. But it soon fades. Way to soon. The fresh lemon fades into an earl grey tea note. Im left with a sweet but not cloying fragrance. Nice, comforting but leaves me wanting more of the sweet and sour lemon opening.
positive Unknown Pleasures is uncanny, unlike any other citrus OR gourmand that I've smelled previously.  It walks the line of a citrus bomb of lemon and bergamot as well as a sweet overload of waffle cone and a host of other gourmand notes.

Comparisons to lemon pie, a lemon icee, or any other sort of lemon dessert / confection are pretty fair.  It actually reminds me of cotton candy to some extent, the citrus influence notwithstanding.  I get a decent amount of the waffle cone aspect rather than vanilla or tonka, so it lands somewhere between lemon gelato and candy.

Performance is strong, not quite as strong as Copper Skies or Follow, but certainly worthwhile for a fragrance that I'd say you need to love in order to buy at $140 for 100ml.

8 out of 10
positive "Ooooh What's that? That's LOVELY!"

The boyfriend. Never comments. The boyfriend is the most asnomic person I have ever met. The only other perfumes he has ever complimented unbidden are Vanille Absolutement by L'Artisan and Putain du Palaces by Etat Libre d'Orange. Given I have about 50 frags in my wardrobe at any one time, sometimes changing my perfume twice a day, and that I test-drive handfuls of samples about twice week and he doesn't seem to notice, means that the odds of this exciting occurrence happening are very low. Very low indeed.

You could argue Unknown Pleasures is a little bit obvious. The initial blast of lemon curd hits hard and then the gooey-gourmand syrupy-sweetness of maple sweeps in with tooth-aching levels of sugar over the vanilla-vanilla-vanilla. I didn't want to like it but I find it strangely addictive. 

I've been layering it with more earthy pleasures such as Patchouli Antique by Les Nereides, and Fleur Poudree de Musc (discontinued) by the same house to give it a bit more base...but still, that first spritz of Unknown Pleasures always garners compliments from my bloke.

Sometimes it's not about my nose, about how sophisticated or complicated or cultured or rare a fragrance is, sometimes it's just about your boyfriend saying, "Ooooo, What's that? That's lovely".
Mr Kerosene, I doff my hat.
positive Hot lemon curd poured over vanilla ice-cream sprinkled with crushed waffle cones. A sundae to warm one's soul through coldest of seasons. 

The notes listed are unmistakably present. The sweetness is well balanced by the citrus notes and the waffle cone cannot be disputed, especially after the note has been suggested.

Recommended if you wish to provoke cravings for lemony desserts in everyone you meet; or enjoy torturing yourself with an aroma clearly designed to induce salivation… an effect which lasts a few hours.

positive Big lemon on the opening.Also tea and baked goods. These elements create an effect almost like sitting down for cookies for breakfast; slightly indulgent, but also comforting. After about 30 minutes, the baked cookie notes start becoming more intense; gourmand all the way. At the beginning, it was almost as if this could have gone one or two ways,  light and citrusy or gourmand- it moved toward gourmand on my skin. I am really liking this! Just looked at the notes- waffle cone!Yes, that works for me, memories of waffle cones at the Delaware shore! Well done. 

Now, waffle cone does not SOUND like something one would want on their body, but this is quiet nice. An hour in, and this is a satisfying gourmand. Not too sweet, very wearable. Two hours in, this is an extremely nice gourmand. At times, they can be far too sweet and coying for me. Here, the vanilla, citrus and baked cookie (waffle) notes are well balanced, warm and enveloping, and not too sweet. I am shocked at how much I like this perfume. Longevity is solid and projection is good but not too strong; perfect, I believe, for this type of scent. I could see having a bottle of this for winter. Really very much worth checking out.

negative "My mechanic eats cookies in bed!" I'm bemused by this perfumer's attachment to sweets.  This one whomps you over the head with a coconut, or more accurately, a gallon jug of Mounds-Bar filling, thinly underlain with lemon. Over time, the coconut remains, with spices supplanting the lemon.  

Like other Kerosene fragrances, this one poses the question: where is the line between a perfume and a good smell?  If I enjoy the smell of my Trinidadian neighbor's curries, why wouldn't I want to smell like that?   

neutral There is a brief flash of an intensely sour lemon note, as astringent and piercing as the one in Profumum's Acqua Viva, although sadly, not as natural-smelling. Almost immediately, though, the high pitch of the lemon note is brought down a notch or two with a dark, tannic element that smells like coffee or licorice, but which is actually Earl Grey tea. Whatever it is, the effect moves the perfume that crucial distance from sour lemon juice to a comforting baked good like lemon tier cake. It is delicious. 

The lemon cake smell shuffles off the stage pretty quickly, allowing the star performer, the caramel, to play its part. It is a pretty simple scent, actually - just lemon cake and caramel - but it does these two things well. The caramel is deep, unctuous, and thick. Also: intensely sweet (well, caramel is). But there is a nice toasty flavor to the caramel, and a vaguely smoked feel that stop the perfume from diving off the edge into unbearably sweet. For much of the progression of this perfume, I thought this edge was toasted coconut, or something like that creamy, stodgy coating around a Licorice Allsort (specifically the yellow flavor 'round' one). Supposedly, though, this note is waffle cone. Waffle cones are more a texture than a taste for me, but in general, I would agree that there is a pleasant toasted "baked goods" or biscuity tone to the caramel.

I like this a lot better than I thought I would, but still not enough to invest in a full bottle. I am beginning to realize that I have a tightly defined triangle of gourmand accents that I like or can tolerate (mainly saffron, some nuts, coffee, and certain lactonic notes) but Unknown Pleasures lies just outside of that tolerance line. If only the unctuousness of the caramel had been tempered for longer by that sharp lemon note at the start, or had been counterpointed in the later stages by a note not so entirely matching in sweetness (that baked goods / waffle note), perhaps by coffee or salt? Never mind, maybe it's not for me, but it's a very well done gourmand, very much on the sweet side. And I have to say that the longevity was immense, which was a bit of a surprise!


positive This is a nice scent, but I do think I could only pull it off on special occasions. It starts with a burst of green leaves, reminiscent to Elephant by Zoologist. Both are a bit too sharp for my tastes. However, within 15min it sweetens and the floral notes develop, they are rich and ripe. Not quite indolic but teetering on the edge. Then after about an hour that edge wears off and is replaced by creamy coconut. Not as beachy as something like Soleil Blanc but still a little sun-creamy. I love how the fragrance develops like an expedition: starting in the deep thickets of jungle, following a flower-lined riverbed, all the way to the beach. 

It's unisex but leans a bit feminine. So I think I could only make it work in either formal occasions or on vacation. So for that reason (and the price) I don't think I'd ever get a bottle. I also really like beachy fragrances so I wouldn't mind something more coconutty all the way through. Really cool to try though, worth a sample for sure.
positive Beautiful flowers like tuberose, jasmine, ylang-ylang and orange blossom. The tuberose is the Queen of this fragrance. The sweetness of coconut and a citric/musky background. Pure love from me, lasts a long time and is a complement getter.    
positive Beautiful but Enormously Overpriced Take on the Legendary Fracas.

Notes: Tuberose, Eucalyptus, Coconut, Jasmine, Orange Blossom, Melon, Ylang-Ylang, White Musk, Bergamot.

I was gifted a sample of Carnal Flower recently, and I liked it so much that I purchased a full bottle from a very reputable retailer. I do not know how old was the sample gifted me, but I now suspect that it must have been a few years old because the perfume in the full bottle does not seem to be as rich and complex as is the sample, and to my surprise given its price point, its performance is moderate at best. With an amazing six spritzes, projection and sillage were only mild to good for the first hour, and then it very quickly turned into a skin scent. Longevity was also mild to good at roughly four hours. After having read so many reviews that claimed only 1-2 spritzes provided massive projection and sillage for an entire day and half the night or more, I am very disappointed in Carnal Flower's performance. 

Carnal Flower is a very beautiful perfume, but having worn Fracas many times, I did not find Carnal Flower to be at all unique or even very different from Fracas, and given its mediocre performance, I could not recommend it over Fracas. Perhaps Carnal Flower's lack lustre performance is due to reformulation? Perhaps the fragrance in the original formulation only required 1-2 spritzes to last all day and half the night as some reviewers have stated, but this is not true of the fragrance in my brand new bottle. After 3-4 hours, Carnal Flower is only barely perceptible on my skin, and it smells so similar to Fracas that I find it redundant to have it my collection. 

If you love and own Fracas, you can probably live without Carnal Flower. It is undoubtedly a beautiful tuberose-centric fragrance, but I do not feel it is worth its price point even if you do not already own Fracas. You can buy roughly three 100ml bottles of Fracas for what it costs to purchase one 50ml bottle of Carnal Flower. In my opinion, Carnal Flower is simply not worth the inflated price. Fracas is just as gorgeous and performs equally as well if not better. 

I am sorry to say it, but I find Carnal Flower to be little more than a Fracas clone. Madonna's Truth or Dare is also a take on Fracas, but Truth or Dare is dissimilar enough to Fracas to be quite distinguishable in its own right, and it costs significantly less than Fracas which costs significantly less than Carnal Flower, so for those on a strict budget, I suggest purchasing Truth or Dare. If you can afford Fracas, forget Truth or Dare and purchase Fracas instead as it is of a higher quality and is a more beautiful fragrance. Either way, Truth or Dare or Fracas, there is no need to pay almost $300 for a 50ml bottle of Carnal Flower unless you want it for the brand name prestige. 

Fragrance: 8.75/10

Projection: 6/10 (first hour only)

Sillage: 6/10 (first hour only)

Longevity: 5/10

Presentation: 5/10
positive An austere green tuberose, polished and exquisite, brainy and rather brusque. I don't find it carnal or sensual but for me that is leather...
positive A beautifully stunning fragrance. One of the finest perfumes I have ever tried. Great longevity and projection. At first I thought it was too feminine and then I realized that with something this good gender should never come into it. I have chosen to own a decant rather than a full bottle as I only want to keep this for special occasions. Not an everyday fragrance for me! 




positive Much has been said about the realism and freshness of this fragrance, and I don't have much to add on that score - except to say that Carnal Flower's freshness is not about soap or naivete, but rather the just-cut essence of stalk and bloom. It really is like walking into a florist's refrigerated room, or strolling through a garden alive with white flowers.
There is a lovely green note that prevents Carnal Flower from sliding into sweet sentimentality - it retains its character right through the drydown. Along with Fracas (Piguet) and Tubereuse Criminelle (Lutens), Carnal Flower is among my top three current favorite tuberose perfumes (for vintage, nothing comes close to L'Heure Bleue).
positive Gorgeous, arguably the best of the Malle line.

Tuberose perfumes are notoriously temperamental, often unpleasantly screeching for attention.  But Carnal Flower gets everything just perfect.  At its heart, it's tuberose, but deftly combined with gorgeous orange blossom, rich creamy ylang, and jasmine.  There's a light, powdery sparkle as well, but the real magic is the way it combines the tuberose's indoles with leafy greens and woods.  The end result is shamelessly floral, but with enough piquant woody undertones to achieve an achingly beautiful balance.

Absolutely required sniffing.
positive I love this. It smells wonderful. Contrary to what a few say, this is definitely "unisex". In fact, I think it smells best on a man! A masculine male wearing this scent is very attractive, even sexy. It's the contrast, you see. I can think of a couple French actors I’d love to smell this on. The fragrance will last on your shirts for days, and you’ll keep going back to your closet to smell your collar, just because :-)
positive Brightened up with a touch of bergamot, from the word "go" the star in the performance greets me: a beautiful tuberose, bright but intensive, rich but elegant, floral but not too sweet.  This beauty hardly displays any waxiness.  One of the most convincing tuberoses I have come across for a while. 

The drydown gains added depth and a slightly creamy character with the addition of nice ylang-ylang undertone, soon a white floral mix gains prominence, with a jasmine that at times is bearing gently woodsy characteristics.  It is, however, a lovely orange blossom that moves into foreground, but always combined with the starring tuberose, which remains prominent from beginning to the end, like an idée fixe in a work by Berlioz.  

This remains the core blend in the base, with some perfunctory white musks adding - not very much noteworthy.   

I get moderate sillage, very good projection and nine hours of longevity on my skin.  

A delicious evening spring scent on account of supreme and brilliant tuberose and the very nice orange blossom - the rest is mere accompaniment only.  3.75/5.  
positive Very floral with announced jasmine. If you like honey tones, this might be it!
positive lauded as The tuberose scent here, I decided to try carnal flower after I fell hard for another tuberose delight: Tom Ford's orchid soleil.

Turns out my tuberose tolerance lies just before this fragrance. It's absolutely beautiful, but somehow a bit too much for me. I now understand why people find tuberose headache inducing: it's a particularly strong note.

Smelling the vial (I do that, don't judge), it smelled absolutely heavenly, and it had a tinge of something green through the wonderful white flowers. On my skin, however, the tuberose developed in all its glory, with that kind of a plasticy/rubbery feel to it that some people describe as typical for this flower. 

Like others have stated before me, this perfume is big as a house. Luckily, when I applied it I stopped after the first spritz, otherwise it would surely have overwhelmed me. The scent projects and lingers full throttle for at least 5 hours, and whenever I moved my left hand I got this big waft of it. Weirdly enough, I like this scent better when I smell it up close than when I smell it as a cloud that envelopes me.

In all, I think for now this perfume may have a tendency to wear me, instead of me wearing it, so I'll save the rest of my tester for those special occasions when I want to feel like a total diva. Only Marilyn Monroe could wear this scent in a professional setting. For an everyday tuberose I'll stick to my orchid soleil.


positive i really like it when things smell almost rotten.ripe.white flowers.i cant get enough .that little bit of musk is just enough to butch it up.
intoxicating!
positive Touch of nice green notes in the opening, and peeks of melon towards the top, but overall a white floral fragrance. It's a mixture of ylang, orange blossom and tuberose. It doesn't have the oily tuberose present in Nuit de Tuberose. The orange blossom is full, but not particularly indolic; it's not the fresh orange blossom in Houbigant's fragrance. The ylang is present in a custard-y type of way. It's a beautiful blend, but I prefer fragrances that particularly focus on those individual scents versus presenting them together. 
positive For me, this is an earthy floral scent, and though the effect has been seductive (judging from male comments ;D), to me, it just feels like "me." This is my everyday scent, and I put it on the same way I put on mascara and lipgloss instead of full face of makeup. Just an enhancement. It's light and delicious, enhancing, but still natural. On the other hand, it's unusual and striking without being overbearing... I'd like to think that describes me as well. :)

CF definitely has a commanding presence, but on me, it's like that person who you notice from across the room just because there's something intense, different, and alluring about them, even though they're not saying a word. Commanding, yes, but not loud or ostentatious. CF has great warmth, but it doesn't start off that way. The bergamot cuts through the indole, but 15-30 minutes in, that "carnal" note tries to surface, but never quite makes it above the melony coconut, and even those two notes are light. The floral is present throughout and even though that indole is struggling to show out, its presence definitely puts this in the intoxicating category without straying into the icky, dirty underpinnings zone that has put me off to pure animalic florals.

My favourite thing about this fragrance is that I've never smelled anything like it and it's *so* pretty and lush. Not quite green, but definitely at home in a rainforest. It's tropical but not cliche and does just fine in the PNW summer. I just wish it lasted longer on my dry skin. That said, I did shell out $$$ for this, and will again. It's the first perfume that I'd ever had that, "oh my gosh, YES" reaction to. Would that I could afford to stock up, as it's the one bottle that I've managed to empty the fastest...

Wherever I go, people ask, "oh my god, what smells so good?!" I've gotten used to telling people, "it's me!" Haha!
positive I truly adore this scent. I only wish it would stick around on me longer than a few hours. 

I was surprised that a scent with such a dramatic name would smell so...gentle. I'm not disappointed, though! I had hesitated making this purchase - I only bought the 10 ml bottle. I was concerned it would be overwhelming - but it really is a lovely natural tuberose. 

I'm planning to experiment with spraying this on a piece of clothing. Perhaps it will last longer? 

Overall, a wonderful composition, with a bit less longevity than I 
would prefer. 

Update: I decided to dive in and purchase a full bottle of this heady scent. I searched until I found a bottle of an older formulation, and I hope this solves my longevity issues. If not, I suppose I can always swap...

2nd Update - I wore this today, and got 6 hours of good wear before I showered. I'm considering this a keeper! I'm wondering if weather has anything to do with the longevity...anyway, love it, keeping it!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

3rd Update - This is one of my very favorites - on my second bottle - this time it's a 100 ml. 
positive Rich creamy tuberose on a sandal coconutie base. Smells summer and beach :)
positive My sample of Carnal Flower sat in my sample box, unloved and untested, for a whole year. I kind of fear tuberose, you see. It brings back unwelcome associations for me between the sleek, buttery smell of tuberose blooms in vases and rich ladies who lunch in hotels.

I used to work in one such hotel – Kelly’s Hotel in Rosslare Strand (Irish people will know it).  Don’t get me wrong – the hotel was, and still is, a great place and the owners are wonderful. But never was I so aware of my lowly socio-economic status as when I stepped through the revolving doors into the tuberose-scented air of that hotel.

Over time, the smell of tuberose became linked in my mind with rich people, carpets so deep your heels sink into them, and the indefinable smell of wealth in the air. My prejudice is wholly my own, of course – it only means that I have an inferiority complex. But I am careful about tuberose because I am only human and don’t want to deliberately trigger those feelings.

I needn’t have worried about Carnal Flower. It’s less of the ‘wealthy hotel air’ smell of hothouse tuberoses and more botanical, earthy, natural in feel – like walking through a swampy field of tuberose stalks. It is a smell rooted in nature and not in something man-made. 

The opening notes are luridly green and camphoraceous, and every time I get a mental image of the waxy leaves of a privet hedge and the stalks of the tuberose being crushed and offered to me to smell. The freshness is a surprise, every time, and it moves me. Slightly bitter, sappy, and evergreen, I wish it could last forever; it’s that intoxicating to my senses.

Eventually, the opening dies back and a creamy tuberose is revealed. To my relief, it is not the butter-and-candy disco flower of my worst nightmares (hello Fracas!), but a cool and restrained take on the infamous bloom. It is creamy, yes, but not overblown.  

Hints of coconut and white musk round out the floral element. Although I like the opening more, I also quite like this last phase, especially in the heat, because the tuberose and coconut give off a natural, salty beach feel. 

Despite the marketing and the name, I don’t find Carnal Flower to be sexy in the slightest. In my opinion, it is simply a tuberose presented in the most botanical, natural way possible. I think Carnal Flower does a brilliant job of showcasing the headiness of the flower as it appears in nature, and not in a hothouse environment, and for that alone, I will always love it. Will I need a whole bottle of it? Nah. But a vial of it to smell every now and then would be nice.
positive Salutation.
Like a heavenly aphrodisiac.this scent is bound to turn heads.the very essence of white flowers especially tuberose and jasmine,it is unisex but i found it the the most feminine of scents,so i can't imagine a man wear it.CARNAL FLOWER is a sensual woman who loves to take control of the opposite sex with one scent.It is simply wonderful and the scent lasts all day. Enticingly Magnetic, Highly Sophisticated,Emotively Carnal and Absolutely Gorgeous.

It begins as a very hedy floral with tuberose note prominent, jasmine and ylang ylang are beautifully blended.a sensual blend of coconut and white musk in the base leaves a trail of allure and glamour.this mixture provide a unique and definite "signature" perfume and meant for a confident woman who knows her own mind.I must recommend this scent to ladies who love LONG LASTING floral scents that are sensual and intense,without being too prominently clingy to or getting beneath your skin.it makes you feel very elegant in special occasions.

Sillage?Ok.

Longevity?Great on my skin.

7.75/10

positive I'm not a fan of floral fragrances but this one is definitely the best that I've tested by far.
When you spray this on your skin and start smelling it for the first time It's like walking through a mysterious gate in a desert middle of nowhere that teleports you right into a meadow in high heaven while you're surrounded with angels and billions of tuberose all over the place!
The opening is a very beautiful and extremely natural aroma of tuberose while you can smell the green feeling of grasses and also the earth beneath your foot and extremely fresh air of this meadow.

You just start walking and while you're walking you start breaking the tuberose stems and at the same time you can smell the green bitterness aura of their stems.
In the mid scent gets slightly sweet but I can also feel a bitter green aroma beside it that increases the natural feeling of the scent and as time passes it gets stronger and stronger.

In the base I'm still getting the same airy fresh tuberose smell but more bitter and more green also slightly spicy and kind of peppery.
The interesting part is while I'm smelling it, I can taste the green bitterness of it also inside my mouth which is a new and very strange experience!
An extremely natural and peaceful scent.
Projection is strong and longevity is 12 hours plus without any problem.
positive Genre: Floral

An absolutely gorgeous fragrance. This is sumptuous, seductive, and yet somehow chaste, with the slightly bitter tuberose perfectly balanced by the sweet ylang-ylang, orange blossom and white musk. All of this floral richness is cut with a subtle, but still sharp eucalyptus and some fresh green notes. Coconut is a very difficult note for me, but this is the most elegantly handled coconut I've come across. It's beautifully integrated with the softest, smoothest sandalwood you can imagine. Altogether, this is a soothing and contemplative scent that could easily send me into a state of reverie.

Carnal Flower is focused and somewhat linear until its creamy, musky, sandalwood drydown. I find it quite potent, with considerable sillage and projection. I originally purchased this scent for my wife, but she liked it much better on me than on herself! It took time to screw up the courage, but I now wear Carnal Flower comfortably in public. The austere aspects of the scent and its green accents make it more unisex than you'd imagine a tuberose scent could be.


negative I spect a beautiful summer acent , but I smell this before ,,,, in a Bath and Body counter 

I thing the 10 ml gonna last forever 
negative Memories: rubbish and great aunties.

Who should wear this: The Witch of the Waste from Miyazaki's Howl's Moving Castle. I can't believe Mila Kunis wears this.

Bottom line: This was selected as my signature scent by the team at Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle. They made a mistake.


negative I pretty much couldn't agree more with Yellowtone's review, even down to the fact that it seems to smell better if you stick your nose to it than when it arrives in wisps.  
The scent was the definition of cloying and sickeningly sweet on my skin.  I think "Poison" left a similar impression.  It does conjure up an image of something nefarious, either poisonous or rotten.  
Projection is great, as is longevity, but not a scent for me.  
negative not unisex at all, very feminine to say the least, radiant tuberose opening which very shortly cut into white flowers, modest sillage and... absolutely overpriced and overhyped!
negative I tried this with high hopes, but was really disappointed. 

The scent lingering on the bottle hinted at a tantalising dream, as did the described notes.

What I got on my skin however, was a really strong, rubbery white floral, with no relief provided by the coconut, bergamot or orange blossom. This scent made me think of death and embalming fluid, and whilst not vile enough to warrant scrubbing away, I found it thoroughly unpleasant. This is unusual for me, as it's usually scents that make me feel sick or give me a headache that I categorise as unpleasant.

This lasted on my skin for some time, and projected well, but really wasn't for me.
negative Hello! I'll just jump right into this perfume then... I feel very much like I don't belong here. If you ask me what, or where "here" is, I won't have any answer for you.  Where is my world? I feel so lonely, so eager to go home! But where is my home? I feel lonelier than before... I'm not sure how to explain this, but I feel like this perfume is out there somewhere that I haven't yet reached. I feel like I might be an alien, but I'm not sure that is even possible to reach this fragrance. Oh, oh!  I'm an alien, I'm a human alien, I’m a perfumer in Milan… I have lived a carnal life, I have eaten a carnal bread, I always listen carnal music, and I sleep dreaming carnal dreams with carnal instinct… I have a problem, I can’t reach this perfume! I know I’m a carnal alien, this a carnal trouble, and this perfume is a carnal marketing! So, why? Where? What? 
...

Vulcan Council President: “You have surpassed the expectations of your instructors. Your final perfume is flawless, with one exception: I see that you have applied to Starfleet as well.”

Spock: “It was logical to cultivate multiple options. Aren’t they carnal ones?”

Vulcan Council President: “Logical, but unnecessary. You are hereby accepted to the Vulcan Science Academy. It is truly remarkable, Spock, that you have achieved so much despite your disadvantage.” 

All rise. Even Spock is carnal! 
CARNAL FLOWER for very disadvantaged flowers!
This reviewer may have conflicts of interest

neutral Potent, heady jasmine opening. Immediately calms down into flowery aldehyde (tuberose? green?). Neroli/orange blossom. Like actual fresh cut flowers from the greenness. Drydown pretty linear; aldehyde-like note softens a bit, more of a soft floral, but basically the same. Further drydown still fairly linear but a bit more of the green. After a couple of hours it's pretty faint but still present.
neutral Admittedly not a big fan of white florals but while I don't find it unpleasant, Carnal Flower does not really do anything for me.
neutral A nicely done perfume about heavy flowers in full bloom, a bit heavy and dense and on the verge of going 'rotten'. A light coconut note (which I dislike) goes with it and some fresh smelling flowers (narcissus?), which I do like and make it more wearable. I would recommend to sample this one first. Personally I think it is well done, but I don't want to smell like those heavy flowers in bloom, you now smell in spring for more then 10 seconds. 
neutral A big green tuberose mixed with jasmine - Turin gave it four stars and tagged it a "shimmering floral."  He gets it right for once in both areas. These two mix with neroli, yang yang, bergamot and melon.

Initially, it comes across sharp and strong, unlike most tuberose scents that emphasize soft, creamy and warm.

What I don't like about it is the dry woody base that supports it - if the wood had a resinous quality (cedar, sandal) it would better match the green floral mix, but it doesn't. Since no wood materials are mentioned, I assume this effect comes form the eucalyptus. It was a mistake in my opinion, as it ruins what might have been a masterpiece.

So, half great, half common.  Hence, the neutral review.
positive Rich, charming and as the name fittingly states, "carnal" tuberose. Nothing "stunning", but surely a beautiful, bold and self-conscious fragrance.

7/10
positive Pure unadulterated tuberose at its best!
It is strong; parfum strength,but never too sweet or cloying.It has just the right amount of greenness and campherous notes to cut through the floral sweetness.

The longer I have it, the more versatile it seems to be.
However I love to wear it most on really hot summer days when it melts into the skin or on really crisp,sunny winter days when it seems to sparkle in the sun.

A very sophisticated white floral in my opinion.
positive Never seen before such a creativity effort on a niche white flower based fragrance, huge sillage and longevity btw	As far as I'm in love with tuberose fragrances and I really don't mind purchase and wear 'em whenever I fell like it (as I did with my beloved tubereuse criminelle ) , In this case this is to me just perfectly beautiful. It takes me on a different dimension and really connects me with the very concept behind this project, that I just want to contemplate it as you would do with a Michelangelo paint.It is quite expensive indeed, but sometimes you really shouldn't mind price when it comes to this quality.Pros: Dominique Ropion and Malle are just genious when put together, tuberouse is taken so far that you won't even call it just a tuberose perfume anymoreCons: Really, I can't find any negative aspect beside that could be very overwhelming which is a pros anyway IMO. Maybe too pricy? well maybe not
positive Sensual, ripe tuberose. If you haven't tried it, you should. I find it womanly, a very fleshy scent, but there is a case to be made for the right man to pull off the fragrance. It's quite strong, and doesn't settle into the drydown until a few hours after I've been wearing it. And even after that, it lasts several hours more. 
positive tuberose is perfect flower for scents, its strong, sweet and exotic, flower sent from heaven for women only :)
this here is the only tuberose scent that i know that could potentially be worn by men too!
it has this same quality of other FM(natural ingredients), smelling very naturaly, fresh and rich! jasmine and ylang yalng and eucaliptus make the difference with other tuberose scents!

reminded me a little bit of carolina herrera


positive Stunning. 10/10.  Masterpiece. 

I've always loved tuberose.  As a man (and acknowledging that fragrance molecules don't have a gender) I didn't think I could ever pull off wearing a tuberose-centric scent because they were always too sweet and/or screamed blinding white floral (hello Fracas!). 

With its bergamot and green-tinged edge (me thinks it's the eucalyptus) to keep the florals in check, a smidgen of coconut to soften and round things out (no worries, you won't smell like a tropical drink), melon and musk, it is perfection, bottled.  Dead sexy perfection. 

Men, if you're wondering if you can pull this off, the answer is "Yes. Absolutely."  The cost is a little high but in my opinion, it's worth every penny.  And you certainly won't smell like 10 other men you run into on your way to work.  Get yourself a sample.  You will not be disappointed. 

Update: 19 November, 2012: It's official. I'm an addict. A Carnal Flower addict.  I've been wearing it nonstop for a month now, neglecting every other bottle of fragrance in my relatively extensive (50+ bottles) collection. While I wear it for myself, receiving compliments (and inquires) from strangers every day is a nice bonus.  I rarely tell people what it is because I want to keep it all to myself.  Must. Acquire. Back up. Bottle.  And a jar of the 'beurre exquise'. Absolutely lovely. 


positive Oh. Oh....  Oh................ this is so lovely it's become my comfort perfume, the one I use after being disappointed by so many others.  It is simply beautiful, so different, so pure; it must be one of the best perfumes of the last 25 years. I put it on and I smile instantly; it's like being enveloped in tuberose cotton wool. I love its tenacity; so many modern perfumes just vanish from my skin. Nothing fruity here either, thank goodness; just jasmin and the wallop of that tuberose absolute with ylang ylang and orange blossom blending so sinuously, so sensually, making this a fragrance with no rough edges at all. The coconut-creaminess reminds me of gorse flowers. I didn't get eucalyptus and melon topnotes, but then, everything about this wonderful, wonderful fragrance is smooth, with no odd notes that appear 'trying to be different' or cool. I can really believe it took 2 years to create, you can 'feel' it. I found the scent deeply euphoric; it actually changed my mood. Everything in its place, perfectly balanced. Ropion must understand women down to their cells. I adore it! 
positive Carnal Flower opens with a beautiful, almost Eau de cologne-like opening blast of natural bergamot and mild citrus that is all too brief.  At that point the real floral assault begins with tuberose playing the starring role.  When I say assault I do not mean this in a bad way, but it is potent to be sure.  The base is a nice clean light musk that does not call attention to itself, mixing with the tuberose as it eventually recedes.  Projection is average to above average, but longevity is below average on my skin.

At first, the scent smelled very familiar to me but it took me a few hours into wearing it before I realized where I have either smelled it, or something similar to it before...  It was at one of the high end hotels in Las Vegas, where the scent of the casinos and guest rooms smelled of Carnal Flower.  Please do not take this as a slight to the scent, as it actually is a compliment...  That resort pumps scents like that into its money making areas for a reason...  It smells high class and incredible!  If you feel comfortable wearing non-rose florals, then this should definitely be on your buy list, IMO, as Ropion has another winner here.  On a lady in particular, I absolutely think this shines.  As for myself, I'll certainly purchase a bottle as the scent is definitely collection-worthy, but I generally would rather smell this on a lady than wear it myself.  I'll stick to rose scents for my own florals like Ropion's Portrait of a Lady.  Both scents are winners, however and this one earns 4 stars out of 5.
positive This is one of my new favorites. This is a serious scent with which you will make a statement - regardless of whether you wish to!

FM calls it a unisex scent. I agree, but you boys out there should know a few things. When it calms down it's definitely more unisex than when you initially spray it. The tuberose et. al. positively beat you with a bat upon application. This is a heady, heady, flowery juice. You will smell like flowers, and you'll need to be comfy with that! I definitely would NOT buy this without testing it first. And probably testing it a few times, at that!

I think it's fantastic stuff. Powerful. Distinct. Pushy. Gorgeous.
positive Thick, creamy, green, natural, vegetal, and completely enveloping. And it lasts forever! 
Pricey though...
positive It is official, I simply love tuberose. Such a yummy and softly note which express such a delicate idea. 
Right after the first spray I gotta a very evident jasmine note combined with a smooth and almost velvety 
tuberose note, but here in the opening this note is more like a vegetable(?) one if I may say, different from the creamy coconut vibe present since the begnning in By Kilian Beyond Love (which I adore, by the way). 

Through time the coconut note appears decreasing a little of that vegetable aspect of the tuberose in here and giving to this fragrance the creamy aspect that I love in Beyond love altough there are some differences between these two fragrances (but just a few ones).

Anyway, a solid well crafted fragrance that deserves praise! But will I consider a bottle of it? Maybe not since for me Beyond Love does a better job.
positive This  fragrance should not be judged quickly by anyone  since it reveals itself with time! ! ,Definitely UNISEX  & Definitely the  most green  rich and well crafted fragrance I have ever smelled.
positive This one hits!
If roses can shoot, then you find some in this bottle.
fits a multilayered personality, or when you're a bit unstable it will suit different moods.
Soft enough for a sofa flirt with someone you barely know,
complex enough for a difficult night out with a bunch of odd people
straight enough for professional encounters
spicy enough to party,
hard enough to hit.

the editions FM provoke...
in this case my appetite for seduction.

positive I have a tendency to write more often about fragrances I find fault with than ones I really like.  Why?  There's just more to say.  To get off my mind.  But at the risk of ending up with all my reviews being either neutral or thumbs down and looking like a curmudgeon or a crank I'm reviewing Carnal Flower a fragrance about which I can't say enough good things and so probably won't.  What praise has not already been heaped upon this wonderful perfume after all?  I got my first taste of CF at Barneys from an attractive SA who shot some on my bare arm.  Incredible.  Enchanting.  Deep.  Dreamy.  Enveloping.  A perfume that makes you close your eyes when you breath it in.  Is there anything bad that can be said about this fragrance?  A guy at work told me he smelled suntan lotion throwing a little shade on my perfumed reverie.  When I went back to Barneys to mooch another spritz from the attractive Frederic Malle SA I told her the suntan story.  "Uh...it's a little more sophisticated than suntan lotion," she said dryly.  She did smile when she said it.  The unisex question.  I've had guys tell me only a woman could pull off wearing it.  I've also had women tell me it smells to them like a guy's scent.  Makes me wonder if it's the suntan vibe.  I just won't wear it around my mother.
positive Many reviewers and fond of fragrances talk about the seductive and almost hypnotic power of the highly sensual and feminine flower of tuberose, element that we admired in Organza as in Amarige, in Fracas as well in Tuberose Criminelle and in many others creations around. This kind of tuberose, the Carnal Flower's tuberose, effectively is by now taking the world by storm because this is not a sort of already tested creamy/poudre or milky tuberose but on the contrary a sort of quite vegetable, sultry, camphoraceous and all at once animalic kind of scent with all its carnal contribute of eroticism and exoticism. The presence of starring tuberose is high in concentration and its combination with greens, eucalyptus, neroli, ylang-ylang, coconut, fruits and may be civet is tremendously warm and encompassing your senses. The sensual and voluptuous power of this fragrance is really impressive, almost edible (carnal), quality of raw materials  notable, projection is terrific. The initial whiff is quite green, yet exotic with its mellony and slightly orangy facets,  becoming in a while hightly projecting and aromatic because of a sort of camphoraceous and slightly balsamic temperament that is airy, slightly powdery and quite aromatic. This initially airy whiff quite soon evolves towards a violently sensual chord of neroli, ylang-ylang, coconut and towards a tuberose-jasmine link too erotic to be us not captured by. The final bed, being not kind of buttery but sort vegetal/green, as based on coconut and soft musk, preserves all the natural sensuality of tuberose and the raw green materials which bloom up in all their natural and carnal-animal power. One of the most visceral floral fragrances out there.
positive So interesting this Carnal Flower...and surprising. Such a unique green opening, unexpected. This is a fragrance that goes in it's own green direction with tuberose. 
More masculine than Fracas, but just as rich. There is no candy violet accord here, but still a touch of powder. This is a one of a kind, very nice. 
positive I am not a great judge of women's fragrances for sure. But I did check this out because it seemed so intriguing. First observation. A few drops on the back of my hand has me coughing and asthmatic. Second, I cannot fathom how anyone would find this a suitable fragrance for a man. Third, there is a suntan lotion vibe here, mostly because of the coconut,undoubtedly. 

Otherwise, I find this to be an amazingly potent, sweet, luxurious, but 2 note fragrance. It could be quite beautiful applied lightly and gently wafting off the skin of a beautiful woman. Because it is so purely floral and sweet, it is subject to over application, I would bet. Not sure how sexy I really find it. I need to sneak some onto an unsuspecting woman and see what I think. It is probably too floral for the women in my life.
positive This has to be the most rich, well crafted fragrance I have ever smelled in my life. If I only had one fragrance that I could wear for the rest of my life I think I would choose this one. The silliage on this frag is unbelievable and this was just a 5ml sample!! I will be ordering this this week. A MUST HAVE in any fragrance lovers collection whether you like florals or not.
positive Love this frag! tropical vibe, a lot of tuberose essential oil under control (may tuberosey frags fall in the buttery sweet category) and with the right amount of coconut, jasmine and eucaliptus to make it unique.

Good sillage and longevity. Too pricey though :(

One of the best nonetheless!
positive If many of the smells of nature are a kind of chemical chitchat between plants and animals, with Carnal Flower we are surely eavesdropping on a magnificent chorus. The beginning and end of this fragrance are a lavish ensemble of tuberose, jasmine and orange blossom, but there is also a green airiness to the whole thing, with an accord like sugar snap peas and a powerful eucalyptus note too, that ensures Dominique Ropion an almost messianic status for people like me who have been traumatised by their mothers wielding the tyrannically inconsiderate Dior Poison. The volume of Carnal Flower is unusually restrained for a tuberose scent (indeed I find it strange that Turin and Sanchez list Carnal Flower as one of their ten Best Loud Fragrances, along with Fracas and Poison) and the quality of the materials is exceptional. This stuff smells so good that it makes moot any questions about gender or occasion appropriateness, fiscal responsibility, or the need for prose. 
positive Someone says "money don't make the difference", but sometimes they really make it and Carnal Flower is here to confirm it. This is the most evident result of how expensive raw materials can do in perfumery: really good. A luxurious, rich and straght in the face tuberose / floral compisition for people who like to show off and know how to do it with class. This is a very dangerous territory that can easly cross the border of vulgarity, but Mr. Ropion has magistrally balanced Carnal Flower to become a sublime blast of opulence. Solid and beautiful.
positive This is a powerful floral that transcends gender specification and positions itself as a fresh, floral, warm weather scent.  At times it smells as if you are walking through a field of flowers, the scent is that identifiably natural.  If spring could be bottled, this is it.  It is a fresh flower smell that includes the pungent aroma of the stem, leaves, and even a bit of fresh laid soil.  It is certainly a fragrance that can be worn by anyone, at anytime.  But, it truly opens up in warm weather.  I received a sample in the mail on Saturday and ordered a bottle on Sunday.  It is certainly a profound, head turning, floral fragrance which is tough to not appreciate.
positive Yummm... 

this is... truly something. 












negative I really wanted to like this!  I'm a fan of carnal frags, and thought the name of this was just wonderful.  But the coconut just ruins it for me.  Smells like that old Hawaiin Tropic sun tan oil.  Yeccch!

neutral I cannot deny the quality and the richness of this perfume, but while wearing it I couldn't stop thinking: I would rather be wearing Richard James EdT.
The similarities are clear, but while RJ EdT es much more versatile, it is also a lot more virile and complex, Carnal Flower is more limited, it is a lot more feminine and simple.
The vetiver/sandalwood/tobacco/patchouli drydown gives a masculine edge to RJ EdT that CF lacks
Again, it is a  stunning fragrance that I would have love if it wasn't by the fact that Richard James EdT  beats CF at the finish line
For that simple reason I cannot give a thumbs up to this scent
neutral For my personal taste Carnal flower is not green enough and very feminine, well very floral that's for sure. To me it's a very realistic recreation of the smell you get when you walk through a street with lots of tuberose bushes on the sidewalks. That somewhat creamy thick flowery smell in hot air. Carnal flower is very well blended because none of the notes stand out. It all becomes one flower with the eucalyptus giving the natural smell of leaves and stalks. I don't get any bergamot or melon per se but when you know it is in there, it does make sense.
I would have been interested in something less impressionistic.
More green herbs, more eucalyptus, more playfulness and contradictions would have lifted Carnal flower to another level.

neutral White musk with the smell of orange juice coupled with a flowery aroma is what I get on the opening. As time goes on I can detect a melon/coconut scent that seems to mix in with the white musk just fine and even calm it.

 Ohh god whats this, I can detect a jarring chemical smell sticking out of the heart of the fragrance. This must be the tuberose and it ruins the scent for me as its sharp and sour also this fragrance is just to feminine for me. Though its a nice scent it is scarred by the tuberose. 
neutral I think tuberose is not for me and will always be "women's scent" for my taste, can't really understand the unisex vibe. For the fragrance's performance, it is really an atomic bomb, has great staying power and sillage. Must try before buy.
neutral This in some way smells like what some old lady would wear..though I can't describe for you in any detail how. 
As well this to me smells quite a bit too feminine for a man (and I have quite a thing for floral fragrances etc)... Maybe it is that those frags I own and like, which are quite verging on the feminine, are more provocative in a less classical way than this one. This is pretty old school a fragrance I believe.
 And as for provocative I don't think CF is that at all.
I mean I really think it smells good, intoxicating in some way yes...but like I said.
Everyone has biases and such, when fragrances are concerned,  in so many ways, something cultural, something your mother wore  you didn't quite like and so on and so forth.... Clearly, since I doubt everyone here is 40+ year old ladies.

Don't buy the hype though. ; D Une Fleur de Cassie, and Portrait of a Lady I find the best "floral/feminine" from this house any guy could wear..well.
neutral I'm going slightly against the grain here. Admittedly, Carnal Flower is a fine rendition of the tuberose flower and I wore all of the sample I received. However, Dominique Ropion hasn't called it 'Carnal' for nothing. There is a hint of 'decadence' here, which equates to a slightly overblown or overripe note, probably within the musks, which harks back to some of the famous 'classics'. It's a small caveat but worth mentioning. I'll stick to 'Beyond Love' for my floral fix. 
positive This fragrance is, quite simply, stunningly beautiful. It was love before l even opened the vial, as l could already smell the freshest of blooms coming from it. l was apprehensive about the eucalyptus note, but on my skin it just drifts in & out momentarily, serving only to provide a coolness & greenness to the star player, an incredibly fresh tuberose with its' stems & leaves intact. The coconut also plays a subtly supporting role, & l don't detect the melon at all. The sillage is very good but never overpowering, & it lasts for many hours. Wearing it makes me feel like a beautiful, rain-soaked flower all day. lt's very high quality, & despite the price this is firmly on my wishlist. Along with Fracas & Beyond Love, this is one of my favourite tuberose scents, & l think they are sufficiently different to make owning all three worthwhile! lt works in any kind of weather, & l would love to smell this on a man!
positive Oh, it’s beautiful, all right. A clean and pure floral note with tuberose in the lead and jamine in support—these are genuinely superb notes, and the artistic structure and refinement are impeccable. I don’t get anything but florals in the opening and I don’t get any coconut in the base. I get tuberose, jasmine, orange blossom, and musk. No doubt about it, it’s gorgeous. I find Carnal Flower very linear; that it doesn’t have a lot of sillage, and that it lasts…incredibly. Several reviewers have said that this fragrance can easily be worn by a man; I can agree with that because, on paper, it doesn’t strike me as being especially feminine, but from its performance on my skin it turns a little too much in the distaff direction for me to be comfortable with wearing it. Regardless of its gender direction, I’m no fan of florals on myself, but there's no getting around it: This is an excellent fragrance, and it certainly deserves a thumbs way up. 

Originally submitted 24 May 2007, Taiwan
positive Green, carnivorous, sun-warmed, creamy, camphoric, unisex.Like walking hand-in-hand with your favorite friend through the Hollywood Hills on a warm, balmy summer night when the air is heavy with white, night-blooming flowers.Carnal Flower captures all the narcotic, swoony beauty of a tuberose flower without smelling exactly or exclusively of one. 
positive First impressions my butt!  If you see my first review of Carnal Flower you'll know exactly what I mean.  But, I gave it another try, and I "got" it.  Well I didn't just get it, I fell dizzyingly in love with it!This is tuberose in all her shimmering glory.  All the notes you've heard about are there: the camphorous, chilling opening, the crush of living foliage threaded through the tuberose heart, the coconut quivering about the edges with a musk so crystalline "white" doesn't do it justice; more like platinum.Carnal Flower is more than a masterpiece, more than an icon.  It is pleasure in a bottle.  It is explosively gorgeous.  Carnal Flower is just perfection.
positive I was taking a walk the other day and was hit by a brief wonderful waft of fresh tuberose blooms. I wish the scent had stayed. My instant thought was Carnal Flower. Being a Fracas gal, at first Carnal Flower seemed tame and well behaved to me but it's gorwn on me over the past year into love . Dominique Ropion is a genius. Crisply cool slightly mentholated ,wintergreen opening - described accurately by many - like the inside of a florist's fridge .Fresh green dewy stems and then the tuberose opens up , lush and realistic - just like the tuberose flowers I smelt on my walk .I read that Carnal Flower takes about two hours to fully develop though it seems to take a much shorter time to reach 'full bloom' on me.It becomes a huge fresh bunch of tuberose flowers and it's happy, sunny, joyful. Sexy too ......like buttery warm slightly sweet/saltish skin. The coconut,melon and juicy fruit note are not too perceptible - they seem to be there to round out this perfume but never interfering .Once Carnal Flower blooms - it's almost linear which is fine by me. I just want the tubeorse to last and last with no interference!I find that lasting strength is average to good and sillage is moderate to good. This is not a monster tuberose to me and it turns subtly delicious- always there but quietly weaving its tuberose spell .There is no relation ,in smell or character, to Fracas which is so complex, sweet, slightly powdery and strong. Carnal Flower is a new classic. Thank goodness for Frederic Malle. 
positive This is some potent everlasting juice.  It's a bit on the tangy green side until it winds down a little.  But make no mistake, this is a massive floral bomb.  And it accomplishes this without being powdery.  Notes list citrus up on the top, but I don't get much of it.  Carnal Flower is devoid of fruitiness which is why I was testing it out, in the attempt to find pure florals.  The other florals I put this up against was Datura Noir, and Narcisse Noir.  Datura Noir is less loud, richer, smoother.  Narcisse Noir is higher pitched, more feminine, and ultimately more sexy to me.  Neither one can compete with Carnal Flower's nuclear lasting power.
positive Carrying the weight of a full green canopy, carnal flower shimmers near the forest floor, lit  to perfection by a bright pollen rich shaft of light it is a steamy moist, warm and lucious soliflore. Far from overbearing it gently draws you in and seduces. Absolutely dizzying yet easily approachable. A bit of a siren to be sure but respond to its heavenly song and you will be rewarded. Life affiming and Joyous you can't help but smile at its Beauty and its generous invitation to the party. In these terms gender seems immaterial. This is for everyone. Genius.
positive A dizzy and inebriating fragrance. Wearable for a man due to its subtle construction. Don't ask me how it can have great longevity,  sillage, opulence and still be subtle. Contact mastermind Dominique Ropion and ask him.Nevertheless, I think this works far, far better on a woman.Unless of course you're an androgynous rock star---see my review of Fracas.Did i mention that I like tuberose?
positive Stunning. Timeless. Elegant and 100% Feminine. The scent is called "Carnal Flower" but it should be called "A beautiful woman"One of the most beautiful floral fragrances ever made. By far the most lush, warm and powerful tuberose I have ever encountered!
positive WOW! Is there anyone out there who takes a sniff of CARNAL FLOWER and walks away less than impressed? No more than a handful I'll wager. Dominique Ropion has clearly brought out his A-game to bear on this one for this is a modern reference floral, albeit tuberose-centric with sinus-clearing property as a hidden benefit. Potent stuff! Btw am I the only one who feels it bears more than a passing resemblance to Caron Tabac Blond's amazing opening? I suppose this could be marketed as a unisex fragrance but as someone pointed out earlier, it's not something an average man would wear. Which suits me just fine 'cuz there's nothing remotely average about this scent. A showstopper.
positive Frederic Malle Carnal FlowerMost of the fragrances I wear I get them on the first wear and subsequent wears rarely expose something I miseed on the first sniff. There are far fewer fragrances that are much different depending on the temperature and yet are rewarding in both warm and cold. Then there are the rare gems which are ever changing kaleidoscopes of notes which seem to reveal different beautifully complex combinations as if by whim. I think no matter how many times I wear them I'll never figure them out completely. One of these gems is the 2005 release for Frederic Malle Editions de Parfum, Carnal Flower. Dominique Ropion has created an incredible tuberose centered scent that is easily worn by a man and will reward those wearings with one of the most beautifully textured scents you could wear. If you take a look at the note list for Carnal Flower it can be a little off-putting. If you think that a scent with things like melon, coconut and eucalyptus has to be an unblanced bit of craziness, no one could blame you. If it keeps you from trying this, that is too bad. From the top a little bergamot starts things off traditionally and it is quickly joined by the tuberose core of Carnal Flower. The description on the box boasts that Carnal Flower has the highest concentration of tuberose absolute of any fragrance and the intensity of the tuberose throughout the develpopment definitely shows this to be true. As the tuberose begins to come to the fore the first surprise is that note of eucalyptus as the camphor-like nature of that plays elegantly against the sweet floral nature of the tuberose. This beginning has felt different on me every time I wear this. Sometimes the eucalyptus seems like an equal partner and other times it seems like it is a grace note. As this moves into the heart the other problematic notes come into play as the melon and coconut show up but they are kept in check thorughout and are used as complemetary notes. Here the sweetness of both the coconut and the melon enhance instead of detract; as they do for me in so many other scents they are used in. The base is a mix of white musk and tuberose and the musk proves to be a perfect light partner. For something with this much tuberose in it it never rises to the level of seeming to be too-much on me. It stays at an appropriate level for a shared fragrance. Carnal Flower has excellent longevity and excellent sillage. Carnal Flower is just one of the best scents I own.
positive Yesterday I went to a local store that sells niche perfume lines with the aim of buying my wife an anniversary present. We married in our early twenties, and 16 years on we can afford to splurge on each other as life has been good to us.I tried out quite a few from Lutens, CdG, and Malle. I was all a bit ho-hum until I took a whiff of Carnal Flower. It rocked my world! This is just an amazing floral; one can only admire the quality and artistry of Carnal Flower. I get tuberose, jasmine, and orange blossom on a base of white musk. Identifying the notes is an intellectual exercise but with Carnal Flower it's just as important to simply state: "This smells amazing!".I was moved because through Carnal Flower I learned that beauty goes beyond gender.
positive The most potent fragrance. Should be called Sharper Flower. Also, gave me an instant headache. Thank God! Because i was thinking of getting this one as my only floral. Feminine....of course it is!
positive The opening - I recoil from my wrist - 2 stars - this is not the addictive cool clove of Tuberose Criminelle, something altogether spicier, more alive /5 minutes - it warms a little - 3 stars - a floral Fracasian bouquet - nothing extraordinary, would still turn to L'Artisan for my creamy tuberose fix /15 minutes - 4 stars - the green keeps it real, I am enchanted /After 1 hour, it is how I would imagine the scent of an idealised cactus - something cool and fresh in an unforgiving landscape, a thorny green opening cracked to reveal juicy red flesh.
positive A very good and realistically smelling incarnation of tuberose, for that I cannot give it any other than a thumbs up. Unfortunately tuberose is about all I smell and apparently I just don't care much for a tuberose soliflower fragrance.
positive Hello, lover!  The instant I opened the sample I was in drool heaven.  Buttery yummy tuberose-a flower yes but something nearly edible as well.  Even my father who is such a pill about perfumes and shakes his head over nearly everything I wear couldn't deny this one.  Every man I've asked couldn't keep their nose off it, they had to sniff my wrist again.  I said absolutely no, that I wouldn't pay this much for a fragrance...but something tells me I lied.  I hear ebay calling... 
positive Please God, let me be able to afford this some day. And yes, I am the straight man who would wear this. I tried to make my sample from Barney's last a month by taking little sprays on my wrist and huffing away at it at home like a guilty crackhead. I love it, I want it, and I want to give it to the woman I'm madly in love with. She may have to wait until I get mine, though, hee hee! The tuberose whacks you upside the head, and then while your'e reeling from that, the jasmine and freshly crushed green foliage notres drift in, the the tuberose comes back, and they sort of tug-of-war each other for a while, but tuberose is the Ali of flowers (a sexy, sexy Ali, mind you), and wins in the end. A damn masterpiece. This is the smell of sex to me in a floral, and perfectly named. Five million stars!
positive Carnal Flower is a stunning fragrance, a picture of the living flower in olfactory form. Anyone who's smelled tuberose flowers in real life will recognize the scent immediately.   Fairly linear, I find this fragrance consists mostly of tuberose, jasmine, coconut and rich green notes.     The latter, often identified as wintergreen or eucalyptus, are what really make this fragrance special to me. They add green depth of realism, and a freshness that reminds me of taste of snow peas.    Carnal Flower has good sillage and moderate longevity, but honestly, it's totally out of my price range.    There's been a bit of debate among perfumistas as to how "unisex" this fragrance is.    It smells like a flower. If that's okay for you, then you should feel comfortable wearing it whatever your gender is, as it's not perfumey in a traditionally feminine way. 
positive This must be my favorite white flower scent.  It's so beautiful, so impeccably crafted, that I immediately loved it.  Often I find tuberose heavy, headachey and cloying, but this is none of those things.  There's a thread of green running through it, and a sharpness that juxtaposes beautifully with the creamy white flowers.  Enchanting and exquisite.  
positive Wasn't expecting tuberose. Also wasn't expecting a good tuberose. Man I wish some ylang-ylang was in this (maybe there is!). I swear it would level the playing field for a truly floral bouquet for men. Excellent.
positive A beautiful, full, powerful fragrance that beautifully balances out its top and middle notes. Like smelling a bouquet made from 20 different flowers all at once.Great sillage and longevity but even though I generally have no problem wearing unisex and even some women's perfumes, this is just too floral for me.I find it hard to imagine a straight man pulling this off successfully.
positive I have to be honest, I tried Carnal Flower on two separate occasions at the Frederic Malle store (in their “smelling cabine”, no less) and did not find it to be anything special. Then I spoke with a friend who worships Carnal Flower and upon finding out that I had only smelled it in the air and on a paper strip, she made me promise to smell it on my skin and to that end, kindly sent me a sample. Well, mea culpa. Carnal Flower is exquisite and lives up to all of the accolades it receives. The funny thing is that while I “know” it is tuberose, it does not smell like the tuberose I thought I knew. Normally I find tuberose to be a bit offputting in a heavy/overpowering way. Carnal Flower, however, was refreshing and absolutely beautiful. Whilst sniffing, its shimmering beauty reminded me very much of its sister, Lys Méditerranée. In fact, I dare to say that Carnal Flower is the tuberose version of Lys Méditerranée but with a dollop of that white musk/“Coppertone sun tan lotion” smell thrown in for comfort. In any event, I am a happy convert to the shrine of Carnal Flower!
positive THIS IS TUBEROSE!  Carnal Flower is one of the most wearable flowers for men...not too sweet, it's actually quite stealth for a delicate flower!  In fact, I prefer this one on a man, and suggest Estee Lauder's Private Collection Tuberose Gardenia for a woman.  I would love to smell a groom wearing this CF (and his bride wearing ELPCTG!) what a garden wedding!

negative This made me nauseous and gave me a migraine. It is rich and voluptuous but like a roomful of women all wearing haevy scent. 
negative You mean this has been around for 4 years and I just now sampled it?  Reminds me of Datura Noir by serge lutens.  I have a sample Carnal Flower and I just hate it because it seems like the smell of a man with a black beard.  I know that sounds strange , but I picture this in my mind when I wear it and it makes me shiver.  I love turberose, but not this perfume.  Oh, I just don't like it... what is in there that I don't like?  I don't know.
negative Unisex?  I find that hard to imagine.  Not one to shy away from fragrances typically designated as feminine, Carnal Flower seems to me all Tuberose, and little Carnal.  Though clearly well crafted with quality ingredients, this remains, for me, sticky, waxy and cloying.
negative The blast of this almost knocked me off the bed. Tuberose, huh? I never realised there was a flower I would dislike the smell of but I loathe this one. It is the first time in my life I have run to wash off a perfume; I usually respectfully let them develop through their various stages even if I don't like them. But on me this was unbearable, hideous. And I had been so ready to be impressed with Carnal Flower! I can only pray people don't start wearing this on the plane, to the theatre and restaurants or I will have to become a hermit 'til it passes.

neutral Okay, so this is my first review hope you guys don't think it's trash!When i first tried carnal flower, it was in one of those large red cylinders in MeccaCosmetica in Melbourne. I was there visiting my sister and it was my LAST DAY but i made sure i had the time to go out of my way to try some of these famous Editions De Parfums fragrances. Out of the few that i tried on paper, i was only really interested in taking a further step with Carnal Flower, L'eau D'hiver and Musc Ravageur so i had the SA place the scents into the ventilation cylinder. Didn't enjoy the musc as much the second time, but i got 50ml bottles of the other two (THEY ARE HORRIBLY EXPENSIVE).Carnal flower, I found, was the most impressive between the two. It starts crisp, but also very soft and very green. It then unfolds itself, like a woman unbuttoning her shirt and removing her glasses and letting her hair down to reveal a very fleshy tuberose. It isn't extremely heady (other tuberose scents i wear always get the same reaction : "It's really nice but it's so strong!!!")-which i like- but i can ALWAYS get a whiff of it on my skin. It smells so decadent and every so slightly vicious (but in a good way). However, it is, firstly (and as noted previous), HORRIBLY EXPENSIVE. A 50ml bottle was about 426SGD, which is about TWICE the price of a 100ml bottle of perfume from Goutal or L'artisan or TDC. Also, I find that, especially on a man, the perfume's wearability is subjective to your occasion, what you wear, your demeanor, etc etc etc and is thus not something that is very easily wearable. The perfume is DEFINITELY female, but in the same way french objects are either labelled feminine or masculine, rather than in that the perfume is for females (I find sex branding is RUBBISH and i will wear whatever the hell smells nice on me). It takes too much control and without the right confidence it ends up taking over the way Dior Poison does.Don't get me wrong, i LOVE this perfume to no end (I'm wearing it right now). I just don't think it's it's completely worth it given the price and how it seems so fickle.
neutral Oooh! A bit too much Tuberose, giving a very theatrical aspect, verging on the camp, or is there a drag queen in the room?
neutral Breathing in the scent from the sample vial - and who doesn't? - I was impressed by strong, rich combination of tuberose and jasmine. This is a light-year ahead of the tuberose-scented bath and body products in volume and intensity. Certainly, this would be worth a try.Then I put a drop of this on the back of my wrist. My first impression was that even for someone who likes tuberose, this must need a light touch on the application.  Five minutes later, as the indole component made its presence fully known, I decided that I would never buy a full bottle for anyone I knew and that I needed to get it off of me soon. At least now I know why the tuberose products in wide distribution use only a sparing amount of the fragrance - because too much of a good thing can be truly unfortunate.
positive I absolutely love the pineapple note. However, I am one of the few that can't stand lavender. 
I wore this multiple times and loved it until the lavender showed it's face. 
Fantastic scent and construction, thus the reason for the thumbs up. Just not for me. 
positive Opens very intensely with fruits that are both spicy, fresh, sweet and sour. If sniffing your skin/clothes up close during the initial hour or two you might be disappointed and some horrified - the scent cloud is much softer. Intense and invigorating opening. Almost medicinal - I think the patchouli and lavender is very noticeable from the beginning. Personally I love this initial 1-2 hours, especially in the (Swedish) summer.

The change as it develops is that it becomes much more appeasing and softer. That almost medicinal blast to your face is gone. It becomes more about the lavender. Yet the fruity parts become more about dry spicy fruit, like biting into a clementine peel or the "greener" parts of a fruit (or even biting into a piece of lavender). Sweetness and sourness sticks around.

All-in-all it's a strange combination of things. The mood of this perfume to me is anything from relaxed and sensual (almost too soft for what some men would consider) to bracing dry and masculine, and each wear gives me a slightly different impression.

What's I find exiting is how it combines some of these opposites - like the sour and the sweet. I don't find it overly sweet, but it does have one part of sweetness very strongly: the kind that's near sour or the the sort of dry feeling in ones mouth after eating pure sugar. The kind of sweetness in Etro's Heliotrope is sort of similar in that it's not obviously sweet to me, but it's also (or rather) quite sharp. Someone said glue about that one. With Music for a while I'd be tempted to say it smells a little bit like bleach. I think some musks contribute nicely to this bleach impression, and to the spoonful of sugar in the mouth feeling, as this sour or sweet dry feeling in my mouth reminds me of e.g. Perfumerie generale Le Musc et la Peau 4.1 or even Musc koublai khan (totally different scents).

This is a very approachable fragrance if you can bear the opening. Excellent longevity, sillage/projection is good.
positive This latest offering from Malle is an interesting and rather captivating combination of lavender and pineapple. 

The gourmand aspect like jam roly-poly has a Slumberhouse type richness (as in Sadanne). Overall deep, fresh, sweet effect not dissimilar to Trance and Rausch from Schwarzlose (see my reviews). I think the Malle perfume is probably more masculine than Trance but inevitably these things are very subjective. 

On a personal level the fragrance took me back to the 1960's and a masculine fragrance called Champion produced by a well known German supply house. In perfumery, there is nothing new under the sun!
positive The combination of pineapple and lavender sounded just wrong but I am glad I sampled this. It smells deliciously like lavender and pineapple in the opening and feels nearly overwhelming with the initial sprays. 

It tones down rather soon and the herbal edge of lavender sweetens down with that delicious burnt sugar aspect you sometimes get with lavender. Pineapple is also very much present, and luckily it does not display too sharp or tart edges but is naturally sweet and juicy. After the first three hours if fades to almost skin scent so delicious I had to keep sniffing my shoulders for the rest of the day. Patchouli gives some warmth but does not hassle much with the pineapple-lavender duet. 

Verdict: surprisingly good if you like gourmandish lavender. Projection might be a problem, and put me off from splurging on a bottle. I could consider a travel spray, though.
positive An approachable fragrance from a mostly standoffish house.

Opens with a burst of juicy pineapple before the lavender appears. I tend to avoid sweet fragrances but this is never saccharine or harsh. The fruit serves as a counterpoint to the herbaceousness of the lavender while warmth from patchouli bridges the two. It's a nice balancing act although I wish the lavender was more pronounced on my skin. 

Ultimately, MFAW is not to my taste but it wears well in the summer and the pineapple is surprizingly refreshing on a sultry day. Good longevity and projection.
positive Ordered the bottle from New York boutique. Got the box, opened the box, and Wow! "What is that?!?" 

Sliding out the inner box, I got a huge blast of this very unique and beautiful fragrance. I immediately was excited and thought, "What a relief," blind buys don't always pan out. I thought "Imagine if this is just the dry-down..."

Then I sprayed myself down. Probably 5-10 sprays went on just like that, and then it hit me. oh no.

My initial impressions were not at all the same. This is some really loud juice.

I went outside, and then out for a walk with my dogs, and the entire time I was starting to regret it. I almost didn't like it, but yet I did. I have enough fragrances to know that some have many chapters, some have very little change, while others play their trump cards right at the start and are over. Patience is good, because that beautiful dry-down I smelled coming from the box came back in full force, but not for a good 30-45 minutes. 

I can honestly say that I adore this fragrance, but the opening is very abrasive. Then this becomes a breeze of curious and unexpected, with a hint of memorable. Like a smoldering, sweet and fruity smokeless fire, that is somehow fresh!!

You decide!
positive Do you like pineapple?
Do you like cotton candy?
Do you have a sweet tooth?!
If you said yes to all 3 questions, get your nose on this gem. Massive thumbs up. The best Frederic Malle and the most wearable too in my opinion.
positive 
The opening of Music For A While is a beautiful lavender that is simultaneously herbal, earthy, caramelised and oily, which recalls to me a similar moment in the opening of the kaleidoscopic lavender of Bogue MEM. While MEM transcends its material to form an olfactory maze, Music For A While is more straightforward in its overall development. 

This wonderful lavender is soon joined by juicy citrus and succulent pineapple, with their mouthwateringly sweet tartness and delectable pulpy richness, as if having a bowl of fruit salad next to a lavender field under sunny blue sky. The lavender soon turns more camphoraceous with time, a quality that is enhanced by the similar earthy camphor facet of patchouli. This also allows a smooth transition from the lavender/fruits in the opening to the patchouli/fruits in the dry down. One possible downside of amping up the camphorous character of lavender is the potential link with something asceptic. I myself get this association from time to time, but not strong enough to provoke a negative reaction from me.

When the lavender finally switches its leading place with patchouli after about 4 hours, Music For A While is now a caramelised fruity patchouli with a healthy dose of ethyl maltol, which is reminiscent of the note combination and the structure of Mugler Angel.Music For A While is of course less bombastic and lacks the gooey texture and the dark chocolate of Angel, but I would not be too surprised if someone decided to make a lavender version of Angel and presented it as such. As for vanilla, I personally don't detect it as a well-defined note, but it probably helps to round the edges of the fragrance.  

I got an 11-hour longevity and a moderate to soft sillage.

Overall, I quite enjoy Music For A While and find it solidly done, especially the multifaceted opening lavender. The dry down sits comfortably in the gourmand fruity patchouli zone, which is probabaly the zeitgeist of the last two decades of modern perfumery. While I would not say that it’s the best gourmand lavender, it's certainly a more interesting and more layered interpretation among the recent gourmand lavender offerings. If you happen to be searching for a well-balanced gourmand lavender-fruity-patchouli fragrance, I think Music For A While is well worth a try.

negative Music for a While opens with a brief blast of sharp citric bergamot before quickly transitioning to its heart.  As the composition reaches it early heart, the bergamot vacates, as a very strong rotting pineapple fruit accord joins slightly sweet, caramelized aromatic lavender as co-stars with rugged patchouli support.  During the late dry-down the composition stays relatively linear, as the rotting aspect of the pineapple recedes, leaving remnants of the pineapple and the now softened, sweetened caramelized lavender and patchouli the focus through the finish.  Projection is excellent, as is longevity at 11-12 hours on skin.

This composition is horrific smelling, and the worst perfume to date in a generally otherwise strong Editions de Parfums Frederic Malle stable.  I hate to be so blunt, but I honestly have no idea who Malle is trying to appeal to with Music for a While.  The rotting pineapple fruit accord has underlying elements of hard leather and even Oud to some degree...  It-doesn't-work-at-all. When coupled with the slightly off-kilter aromatic lavender that is not too far off from my (nightmarish) memory of a similar lavender used in the also horrific smelling Sunshine Man by Amouage, you have just about as bad a combination as possible (and let's not even get into the added sugary sweetness).  The odd lavender and rotting fruit will generally not appeal to fruity composition lovers as it is too off-putting for most of their tastes, vintage and classically structured perfume lovers like me will want to run a mile, the gourmand aspects are not gourmand enough to appeal to those fans, and sweetness-averse customers will also steer well-clear, only leaving oddball modern perfume fans who might be interested to some degree but will find other perfumes more appealing.  I wish I had something I could say that is positive about the composition, but even its excellent performance metrics in this case are a negative, as one wants the stench off their skin in record time; too bad Music for a While doesn't comply.  It truly saddens me that the master perfumer behind one of the best perfumes ever created in Polo, Carlos Benaim, has sunk to depths this low, even under Malle's usually stellar direction.  The bottom line is the $330 per 100ml bottle Music for a While is a failure on every level imaginable, appealing to seemingly no one, earning it a "poor" to "very poor" 1 to 1.5 stars out of 5, and as strong an avoid recommendation as I can muster.  "Torture for a While" is a more apt title to this fatally-flawed "composition."     

neutral Good lavender note up front.  Interesting to combine it with pineapple -- not quite sure about that combination but it cashes in on the pineapple craze started by Creed Aventus. Sugary notes give a rather cookie/foody aspect which I am not really enamoured with. Fruity notes bubble in the background.  Bit of leather from the patchouli.  This is OK, but really not my style.  Gets quite buzzy in the dry down. 
neutral Big lavender, more herbal than floral, with a strong dirty (like actual dirt on the ground, not anything animalic) aspect.  The pineapple is a clever sweetener, but kind of disappears on my skin, where Music For A While is reduced to just a ton of lavender and that's about it.  I know Frederick Malle and his perfumers put a lot of effort into creating best-in-class perfumes, so I've given Music a few tries, but I just don't get what the big deal is.  Perhaps they're using some sort of brand new captive lavender molecule that's a big deal in the trade but doesn't really translate to the consumer.

For a good straightforward modern lavender fougere, I'd suggest Lancome's Lavande Trianon, which plays its lavender against subtle cinnamon and chocolate to much better effect.
neutral Sweet, fruity and fresh in the opening.  Later the drydown becomes powdery and heavy but still plenty of fruity-sweetness.  Projects really well, especially in the drydown. The whole drydown reminds me of 1 Million, for the heavy-sweetness mixed with the powderiness, plus this thing really performs like 1 Million. Not the same scent but that's just the feel this reminds me of.

This is truly unisex to the point that this smells like bath products or scented home products to me.  Not in a bad or artificial way but it just doesn't take a traditional gender path either way.

Not sure about the occasion but this seems like a cold-weather scent to me.

Big projection and lasts all day on my skin.


