positive Maison Francis Kurkdjian Oud Satin Mood (2015) is a real love-hate for me, but love just edges it out thankfully. Up front I need to say that this isn't really an oud fragrance, at least not after the first 30 minutes or so, but with a title like "Oud Satin Mood", we can chalk it up to oud just being part of the equation in a larger composition. One thing is for certain: this fragrance is indeed a "mood" unto itself, and garners attention with the way it transitions to that mood in the end. All of the "mood" fragrances in the oud range of MFK are designed to use the custom synthetic oud accord Kurkdjian has created (with maybe a touch of the real thing) in a novel way, while the original eponymous Maison Francis Kurkdjian Oud (2012) showcases the accord on its own. I wasn't a fan of the oud by itself, but the way he uses it here really works, with a few hangups that almost break the deal for me. The "she loves me, she loves me not" way this scent dries down is really saved by sheer kismet of what the scent finally lands on when finished developing. Had things been reversed and the recessive notes been dominant instead, this would have been a very different review. I'm not 100% sure if this is intentional by Kurkdjian himself, but at least it means Oud Satin Mood is a niche scent by design if nothing else. 

The opening of Oud Satin Mood is a brief flirtation with violet, and I do mean brief; if you blink, you might miss it. The synthetic oud and rose forms the core for the next 25 minutes or so of the wear. MFK lists two different types of rose, similar to what he did with the previous year's À la Rose (2014), but from what I can tell this is just a sweet powdery rose soap note that sorta buries the scratchy cola oud vibe of his custom accord. To me this is actually a good thing, because I really enjoy a powdery old-school almost "Victorian" rose soap kind of treatment, and I'm not big on MFK's oud accord so less of it is better to me. The rose does teeter a bit on being too prim, but the next phase sees to a corrective course. Amber and vanilla, both things Kurkdjian is very familiar with by now, make up the base of this. Some say these two destroy Oud Satin Mood's credibility as an oud fragrance, and I say it never had any so who cares? For me, the sweet vanilla actually helps keep both the scratchy oud and potentially scratchy amber in check, rounding out the dry down as romantic if not a tiny bit sexy. Oud Satin Mood feels cozy and attractive for about 8 hours of good performance in this final form, but it's not for everyone. Avoid use in hot weather due to that prominent vanilla, or you'll be sorry. Oud Satin Mood reads mostly unisex but veers a bit feminine or at least telegraphs a certain demure feeling in its "satin mood" projection on the wearer.

What is Maison Francis Kurkdjian Oud Satin Mood? It's a fragrance that feels like it sounds, a soft satin robe that surrounds your nose. The usually abrasive synthetic oud and amber here is smoothed by a very feminine soapy/powdery rose accompanied by a sweet creamy vanilla that could have been cloying if dialed just a tad higher, but juxtaposed as it is, works really well. I'm not a huge fan of the giant marked leaps from heart to base, nor do I really like such a heavy slug of "Dove soap" rose running right up my nose for 30 minutes before the rest gets on, and I am also upset the violet note of the top plays peek-a-boo, but the final destination is very highly enjoyable. If that destination wasn't the 7 1/2+ hours total of the eight you'll be spending with this rich eau de parfum, I'd have drawn a different conclusion, so that's the saving grace. There is no getting around the $300 price for 70ml however, which is even higher than most MFK lines, so I wouldn't call this bang for buck either, but fans of the range or sweeter oriental rose treatments won't find much fault beyond the cost to enter the satin mood as presented by our maistro FK. Definitely worth exploring if you can find a good deal, but also not a real oud for oud connoisseurs. Thumbs up.
positive This is a stunningly beautiful fragrance that smells to my nose of Persian ice cream (Bastani Sonnati). It's usually vanilla ice cream with a lot of saffron sprinkled on it and drenched in rosewater. Well that's exactly how this fragrance smells, especially the vanilla and rosewater. I don't really smell any oud in it, but that's ok because it's incredible smelling anyway. It smells extremely elegant, and I feel this would be the perfect fragrance to wear with a tuxedo. Projection is subtle yet strong (not cloying at all throughout its duration); while it projects in this way for 4-5 hours and then lingers for many more hours as a skin scent (so great longevity overall). This is one of the best fragrances ever made and one of my favourites of all time; a true masterpiece.

5/5
positive Absolutely brilliant! WOW... Soft Rose, Subtle luxurious Oud, Creamy Vanilla- it is absolutely stunning! Performance, and projection are phenomenal. This is not an in your face, hello Oud- and that is what I love about it. This is sexy, seductive, mesmerizing come hither scent that leaves a trail meant to turn heads. Certainly more for fall, winter, and maybe some cooler spring nights. Surpassed my love of Maison Lancome Oud Bouquet (i think- no im sure)... Elegant, Rich, Truly unisex, truly beautiful!
positive My favorite of the Maison Francis Kukdjian Oud line, Oud Satin Mood is clearly the sweetest of the bunch, a rose/oud/vanilla combination that is delicate and slightly powdery without being decidedly feminine.

The dry down does become slightly resinous, lending credence to the benzoin note, but my experience of it is still dominated by vanilla in the dry down, even a couple hours into wearing it.  I enjoy the subtlety of the dry down itself, not a cloying vanilla or rose or resin, but rather a gentle combination with some powder.

I don't detect much violet in this at all, either in the opening or later in the fragrance's life, which is fine, as I'm not a big fan of violet.

Very strong on performance for an EDP (I wouldn't have been surprised if it were labeled "extrait" intsead).

Certainly this is geared for cold weather wearing, and probably leans toward formal / night use as opposed to casual / day use.

$300 for 70ml is certainly a steep retail price for an EDP, but it's at least appropriately less expanse than the $375-for-70ml price for the other extraits in the Oud/Mood line (Cashmere, Silk, Velvet).

It's different enough from the other prominent rose/oud mix that I have (Armani Prive Rose d'Arabie) that I'd give strong consideration toward buying it at retail cost.

8 out of 10
positive Straight form the beginning I get a lovely, not too dark Bulgarian rose, with a bunch of violets forming a well-balanced opening. A woodsy undertone, a seamlessly integrated melting oud note penetrates the floral foreground, and in this composition the oud is not brutally-synthetically in-your-face à la By Kilian's Rose Oud, nor is is very discreetly in the olfactoric undergrowth as in Creed's Royal Oud.  In other word - a well-integrated oud. 

The second phase - I only get two phases on my skin - turns sweeter, based in tonka and a light ambery impression, so this sweeter stage blends in well with the rose and the oud to gradually replace the original notes.  The sweetness is well-balanced, with at times a gourmand dessert proclivity, like a halva or a crème brûlée withough the burnt flavour.  Very nice. 

As far as the performance is concerned, the sillage is quite strong, the projection excellent, and I get seven hours of longevity on my skin.  A scent for winter days that are not too chilly, this is worth a try for those who like their oud clearly present and balanced but not too loud. 3.25/5. 
positive A beautiful rose and oud combo that is nose catching at first sniff. Not an earthy oud, so if you want that blast your nose with oud effect you will be disappointed. Longevity and projection are above average. The price is a little high, but this a very good fragrance nonetheless. I will be purchasing a bottle(or at least get a nice sized decant)of this gem ASAP. 8.5/10
positive Whereas previous Oud Moods have been punishing in their bombastic brutalism, Oud Satin Mood finally delivers a perfume that beckons to me.
It has a plush rich-as-halva rose and vanilla combo at its heart that is hard to resist. This accord is half high calorie gourmand and half powdery make up. It’s enlivened at the top by an energizing violet that blends beautifully into the emerging full-bodied but graceful oriental creation coming up behind.
The oud is not the main attraction here – and that’s a recommendation. Whereas MFK ouds have been stridently butch, peppery and synthetic-seeming, the construct used here is of the humid and warm variety, woody but without the screech normally associated with that descriptor in perfumery these days.
Oud Satin Mood is a buxom creature, but no wanton – its embrace is gentle and warm, but it won’t stick its tongue up your nose.

positive Oud Satin Mood by Maison Francis Kurkdijan is a big, fat Middle Eastern sweet, the kind that is doused in rose syrup, thickened with salep, aromatized with mastic, sprinkled with rosewater and pistachios, and then, finally, dusted with a thick layer or five of powdered sugar so thick your teeth leaves indents in it.

Which means, of course, that I love it.

How could I not? I live in a country so thoroughly marked by a Turkish occupation in the late 1500s that every second word in the food vocabulary is Turkish. And since Turkish cuisine is influenced also by high Persian cuisine, we have quite a few Persian words for food too. Lokum (Turkish delight), halva, tulumba (fried cakes doused in honey syrup), baklava, sutlias (rice pudding) and many, many others – well, you get the picture.

To be honest, I don’t like to eat that stuff – but I do love perfumes that are based on what they smell like.

To me, Oud Satin Mood is a real standout in the Middle Eastern "dessert" genre (if such a genre exists outside of my own head, that is). The opening smells like a thick jam of berries and rose petals stirred through a pot of condensed milk on the stove. We are preparing to make Kulfi here. As vanilla, milk, sugar, and rose petals are cooked down, the sugar and sweet milk combine to produce a sort of toffee-like note.

This sounds almost oppressively sweet, doesn’t it? But it’s not, I swear. There’s a shot of violet here too, which combined with the rose, injects the mixture with the powdery smell you get when you open a Chanel pressed powder compact. It smells, in short, like a Middle Eastern sweet crossed (and leavened with) a rich cosmetics powder accord. 

There is also a very faint backbone of oud, and although it’s very subtle, it adds a medicinal woodiness that keeps the sugariness of the vanilla-milk syrup and rose jam in check. At this stage, it smells like MFK’s original Oud got together with Chanel’s Misia and had a baby. In a Middle Eastern pastry shop.

Oh, and the sillage, baby, the sillage!……this one wafts across crowded bars and noisy parties. A perfume as opulent and as powdered as this demands a generous bosom from which to radiate. Could a man wear this? I don’t see why not, as long as the man in question likes deeply sweet, powdery fragrances. He will be missing the cleavage, though. This perfume needs the cleavage.

It gets a bit too monotonously sweet in the dry down. The oud and rose disappear leaving only the hefty vanilla-amber and violet-y powder to do the heavy lifting. I wonder, with the amber and violet, if this smells anything like the fabled Guet–Apens by Guerlain? I’ve never smelled it, so I don’t know. Maybe someone can report back.

Anyone who dislikes powder or very sweet vanillas and ambers might have a problem with this. For a while, I could have sworn there was both caramel and white musk in this, so powdery and syrupy-sweet was the dry down, but I can’t see it listed in the notes anywhere. It must be the amber.

It reminds me somewhat of the crumbly butter cookies I smell in the far dry down of Tocade, but maybe even more of the oppressively-thick musk and caramel dry down of Dame Perfumery’s Black Flower Mexican Vanilla, which represents my own personal line in the sand when it comes to powder and sweetness. In short, I love most of this perfume except for the final last gasps, where it gets a bit cloying.

The price is €306 for 70ml, which is a bit too rich for my blood and especially for a perfume where the oud note – real or synthetic as the case might be – is simply too subtle to justify the cost. But there’s no denying that this is a real bombshell of a perfume and a standout in the Middle Eastern sweet gourmand/oud genre.

negative It's all oud almost. Might as well put on an oud essential oil. A smoky oud with a burned smell in the background. You may have smelled this type of oud fragrance being worn by many Middle Eastern (religious) men. I can only see this being applauded by this target audience as oud to them is the go to scent and deeply engrained within their cultures. They might also pick up various subtleties where Oud Satin Mood may or may not outperform other ouds, as they are so familiar with the stuff. 

The rose you get is harsh and pungent and to my nose not all that natural smelling just because the sharp oud keeps being in front of it morphing the rose notes (that probably are in fact very natural at this price point). Because of this, I'm reminded of many a room deodorizer with similar rose like scents. 

It's completely non-gourmand. I get no vanilla at all, no pods, no essential oil, no vannilin.

I wish Kurkdjian had surprised me like Montale did with Black Aoud but he didn't.
negative Smells too much like a Montale.  Heavy, dirty, rose-oud combo, not enough sweet vanilla-amber to balance it out.  I'm getting zero violet. 
 Just ends up smelling like an old-lady. The vanilla does come through the more you let it sit into the drydown but it's hard to get past the loud rose that becomes cloying.

This thing projects so be careful with the sprays, you won't need many.
negative Stardate 20170531:

Too sweet. Wish they had toned it down. The oud,rose and whatever else they have in it gets drowned by the cloying syrup. It does gets better 10 hours later but that is too long a time to wait for.

neutral A rose-oud fragrance that is not a rose-oud, but more about amber and vanilla. The initial violet is brisk and quickly leads to the oud and the rose - which have received the MFK treatment, and are tempered. Nonetheless this accord is quite compelling and feels plush and rich. However, this accord barely survives for about 2-3 hours before a giant halo of sweet amber and vanilla takes over and dominates the composition till the end. There is a very nice diffused sillage, and duration is excellent at more than eight hours. 

While this one is a good composition, eventually it's an amber/vanilla in my books and not an oud or a rose composition. And, within the class of amber/vanilla it's a solid composition, but nowhere near the crème de la crème when it comes to amber or vanilla compositions. 

Therefore, more of a filler in a line called the Oud series.

2.5/5
neutral Sampling a variety of mass marketed Ouds as a precursor to an eagerly awaited parcel of Sultan Pasha Attars which contain the genuine article.  This is a mildly interesting floral, not bad by any means.  One gets more wood in the drydown, but the predominant note here is rose. 
positive My favorite of the Replica series so far. The smoke and vanilla create a pleasant toasted marshmallow vibe that in my opinion is unisex and very mellow, not overwhelming. In fact, I think it could a bit stronger, particularly longevity-wise. Only lasts a couple hours, especially in any kind of heat. Definitely worth a sample though.
positive I love this fragance. Every time I go to Sephora, give a try. Looking to buy a full bottle in October '19. It's beginning to smell like Christmass.
positive This fragrance is an incredibly accurate depiction of roasting marshmallows in a campfire, and is incredibly smoky. You can almost see the smoke emenating from your skin when you wear this. But it's entirely pleasant due to the vanilla-marshmallow accord which sweetens and grows stronger over time while wearing this. I also detect some woodsy notes. On my skin, sillage is moderate leaning strong while longevity is very strong - in fact the strongest out of any in the Replica line of fragrances. The smokiness in the fragrance reminds me of Encre Noire by Lalique somewhat, but that is an earthy, dark forest while this is a very cozy, warm campfire in a forest. If Encre Noire represents Mirkwood forest, then By the Fireplace represents the warm campfires of the wood elves. This is also totally unisex. As a fragrance, this is incredibly unique and is an olfactory experience. Due to its strength and scent, I am giving this a perfect score.

5/5
positive Great entry in the Maison Martin Margiela line; generally, this house has very creative, thought-provoking scents that are a great alternative to the usual fare available out there.

Replica by the Fireplace sure resembles its name: Moderately smoky, warm woods with chestnut accord that is an experience more than an impression scent, IMO (although it can achieve the latter as well).  As one reviewer pointed out, this fragrance doesn't smell like a typical indoors fireplace per se; I liken it to an outdoors campfire vibe, livened up with vanillic sweetness. 
positive Sweet, woody vanilla with just a hint of smoke. This is warm, inviting and cozy like it is intended to be but it's not as heavy as I thought it would be.  Has something that kinda lightens or freshens it up, but the overall sweetness and vanilla keep this a cool weather scent.

Projection is very good.


positive I adore this so much. As others have said, it's quite a unique smoky woody scent, and it has a fascinating underlying balsamic note that makes my heart swell. By the Fireplace is a perfect winter/end of autumn fragrance.
positive I can't get enough of this fragrance. It's such an easy to wear smokey/woody fragrance. I love the underlying nuttiness it has, with just the touch of sweetness. Very warm and inviting. Also very easy to wear!
positive I usually don't like smokey fragrances, but this one is great. May be a tad too sweet (even though I love vanilla).  It's original. It made me think of when I burnt (a bit) caramel popcorn. I'll consider buying a full bottle.
positive smoky vanilla.this scent pretty much stays the same way from start to finish,only loosing some of the smokiness. 
positive Sweet and smokey... so far so good... then well its sweet (vanilla sweet) and smokey. Not sure if it's "fireplace" smokey but it is smokey.  It does smell nice but it's been done before and is very linear.  A neutral but the rating could be adjusted after a few more wearings.


Additional review.
After an additional wearing I have adjusted this to a thumbs up. It is gourmandish for sure.  Not as sweet as I originally thought and the vanilla isn't as harsh the 2nd time around. It has been done before for sure but I like it. Try before you buy due to redundancy and price. Enjoy!
positive I love this unique, smoky, slightly synthetic, overly sweet woody-gourmand weirdness. I get a lot of candy vanilla, smoked wood, and something balsamic in the background. Nothing more, nothing less. However, the combination of notes works great on my skin. Longevity and sillage are good.
positive What a wonderful scent for winter. I was expecting a very smoky accord, but the smokiness is very restrained. It's an all enveloping boozy, nutty, herby wood for the most part but with a warm balsamic sweetness (it works) in the base. 

A cosy 'snuggle up' drydown that lasts for ages.

Seems to have gone unnoticed here but is well worth checking out imo.

negative I love a good gourmand, but By the Fireplace pushes into stomach-churning territory, ostensibly an aromatic picture or a s'mores-by-the-fire scene, but what it actually delivers is a grotesque mish-mash of acute marshmallow sweetness and a barbecue grill-ish smoke effect.

neutral I have a sampler set (“Memory Box”) of Replica scents, and this is one of them. When I first got the box I didn’t even try this one on my skin after sniffing it—too smokey, I thought. However, after reading a few reviews that said the smoke really takes a backseat to the vanilla, I thought I’d give it a try. I’m glad I did, because I like it a lot better on my skin. Unlike sniffing it from the bottle (campfire all the way) on the skin the smoke immediately becomes a subtle note mixed with the vanilla, like toasted marshmallow. If you don’t like sweet you won’t like this, but if you do, it’s not bad. On the down side, it is fairly linear. I wouldn’t buy a full bottle, but I’ll use up my little sample bottle. 
neutral The idea of a crackling fireplace in a bottle is very appealing and I love layering under some of my favorite scents to warm them up for the winter.  As a standalone scent, this simply just doesn't work with my skin chemistry but smelled wonderful on a friend of mine.  I bought it because of a testing strip and loved the smokiness and woodiness of it.  However, on my skin, it made me smell like a sausage.  I think my skin naturally brings out balsamic flavors and muskiness.  I was so disappointed but I will commend this brand for its creativity.  
neutral This isn't bad. The vanilla / chestnut combination is reminiscent of Fat Electrician with the vetiver replaced with a light smoke. Nice for autumn / winter but possibly a little on the feminine side of unisex for me.
neutral More like "By The Campfire". Reminds me of my Boy Scout camp outs. This is something I wouldn't wear, the smokiness just doesn't appeal to me.
neutral This does indeed smell like a campfire and toasted marsh mellows. Not bad but I much prefer the gorgeous Jazz Club. 
neutral Lightly smokey, but not a fireplace smoke. More the scent of a roasted, caramelized marshmallow, with just enough woodiness to keep it from being overly cloying. Still quite sweet, but fine for autumn or winter. Completely unisex. Lasts quite a long time and really projects with body heat.
neutral Reminds me of an updated version of Michael Jordan Legend (not as sweet though). Can that be a bad thing? Of course not! But the vanilla gourmand thing has been done quite a lot. Don't get me wrong, I like the fragrance. If you don't have any vanilla dominated fragrances, this would be a good look for you. 7.5/10
positive Have not worn this for at least a decade or more and it has been bastardised to death, but the original Eau de Parfum is and will always be a masterpiece. Has there been another gourmand that even comes close to the daddy? 
I recall a scandal back in the early 90's when an early 20th century perfume house roughly copied the formula and bottled it in one of their 1920/30s perfumes pretending it was the original fragrance, thinking they would get away with it as up to that point in France no perfume house had ever sued another on the basis of copying. The Grande Damme behind Angel decided to break that tradition and took them to court, I believe the matter was settled out of legal chambers finally but lets say the older house ended up with quite a lot of oeuf on their face, there are lots of other dirt on how the battle was won but the point I'm making is that Angel is one of those rare animals that could not be compared to anything when it launched in 92, totally unique, perhaps the last time that was achieved in commercial perfumery. Last thing, like Aventus now, and all the other Boom Boom perfumes less is definitely more, death by Angel is not sexy its like being smothered to death by an aging cougar who really should stay at home and leave the club to her granddaughters! 
positive This is the world's first notable gourmand perfume, and the one upon which perfumer Olivier Cresp's reputation (alongside Yves de Chiris) is based. Angel by Thierry Mugler (1992) was downright bizzare when released, a love-it-or-hate-it scent that proved as polarizing as it would be successful, much like most of the fashion designs from Thierry Mugler himself. Angel is claimed to contain no intentional floral notes in the heart, and has had many limited edition bottlings over the years, in addition to innumerable flankers. The equally-notorious A*Men/Angel Men (1996) composed by Jacques Huclier wouldn't stray very far from this formula when released either, which is a testament to the universal appeal Angel seems to have for those who click with its vibe. There have been so many flankers of both this and its male counterpart, you almost can't mention Thierry Mugler and perfume without bringing up Angel; this stuff is literally that genre-defining in the designer segment. Most of all, Angel also helped ease people back into the idea of musk as a main carrier note rather than oakmoss or amber, since dirty musks were so played out by the end of the 80's that most perfumers skipped them if they weren't soapy in tone until Angel made a warm musky skin feel cool once again, likely due to the warmth coming from food notes rather than animalic ones. Another huge polarizing facet of Angel is its inclusion of helonial, a common scent molecule in laundry soap that also saw use in the men's iteration as well. There was just so much going on here that ran counter to what designers were doing at the beginning of the decade, Mugler is lucky this got off the ground at all. Most of the controversy I gather comes from how cloying this accord can be to people who are sensitive to its primary components, and this was especially true when its initial popularity made it a fairly ubiquitous sight on streets, subway cars, and in other public spaces. 

Angel opens with the prerequisite bergamot and a slew of fruity, dewy elements including strawberry, calone (from melon), honey, jasmine hedione, and whiffs of rose, likely implied by a hit of geraniol but with no actual rose oil. Helonial also makes its rare appearance, and as a note aforementioned to be typically reserved for perfumes found in laundry soap, it contrasts the otherwise-sticky gourmand heart considerably/ The helonial is an aldehyde derivative of heliotrope, and has a sharp glistening chrome sheen that would start seeing use in masculines down the road, but here it's leading into the controversial cocoa and caramel heart. The men's version bites with coffee bean, lavender, and peppermint, but here we just get a rounded hay-like coumarin to accentuate the sweetness, before the stiff patchouli and musk base take over for the final dry down approach. I get some creamy polysantal "sandalwood" without the dryness and diffusion of the real deal, but that's okay because it isn't the focus here with Angel, and just padding instead. When it's all said and done, you've got the ur-gourmand accord of chocolate, tonka, fruit, vanilla, and patchouli, which is only a few clicks away from being an oriental in tone. Sillage can wallop you so be careful, but otherwise Angel is a gentle perfume in personality if used with discretion. Here is a creamy romantic warmth good for snuggling up in winter, or cool evenings anytime. The musk note is not funky at all, but still has a bit of that "animal fat" tone in it which may not sit well with people used to clean-smelling white musk, so approach gingerly. I'd not use Angel in a formal or office setting, as it's just too amiable for a stern or reserved atmosphere. The energy given off by this stuff is just too friendly and warm for anything where you may need to be aloof towards strangers like in the workplace or a formal event. In the summer time, this would definitely choke me out if I was around it too long, so take that as you may when choosing an appropriate time to wear it. 

For most of the 90's, Angel was the Giorgio Beverly Hills (1981) of its time, becoming an unavoidable wall of scent in shopping malls and restaurants, hence some of the backlash. I know I'm pretty sensitive to too much patchouli and anything rich with tonka or vanilla myself, so I'd prefer the men's version which tones these elements down to a drier demeanor, but I am not bothered by this otherwise. Angel is a rare perfume I can respect and appreciate on another but never have an interest to smell myself, and this is coming from someone who often wears feminine-market fragrances, as it feels better to be caught in a chance encounter with Angel then to be enveloped in a cloud of the stuff than to dwell within one for any length of time; in an ephemeral state this is a very nice surprise, but prolonged exposure proves a bit more tiresome. Mostly unisex in feel but leaning slightly feminine, Angel by Thierry isn't a knockout anymore because other  houses have since done this accord to death, but it's a nice "comfort food" scent (pun intended) for fans of low-key semi-versarile semi-dirty musks with something going on besides the usual white florals. Compared to the "transparent" fruity florals, syrupy fruitchoulis, and ambroxan shenanigans of the 21st century, Angel is starting to finally show the laugh lines of age to those who care about relevance in perfume trend, but is by no means anachronistic or uncommon on the street. Reformulation hysteria also follows this one, but from what I can recall, the basic sweet foodie patchouli and semi-dank musk accord from when my older sister wore it back in the day still holds true in recent testers I have sniffed in stores. Hell, there are still people who actively seek out and collect all the various limited packages of the stuff, and although the cult of Angel is nowhere near as obsessive as say, followers of Creed Aventus (2010), a lot of talk over which Angel is "best Angel" does happen! Thumbs Up.
positive Angel - Thierry Mugler
This just goes to show that a bitter yet 'clean' camphorous tonality can save a perfume, and not only that but also create something novel and excitingly new. For me, Angel paints a darkish brown picture with a contrasting mix of purple and green colours and this works best when sprayed in moderation: less is more with this one. Sillage and projection are absolutely stellar, there is something very 'natural' the way this perfume presents itself: not too loud but very intense in an amiable way. It kind of reminds me of old vintage perfumes containing real deer-musk. I have tried not to like Angel but I had to surrender to its magic eventually. 
positive Been wearing this for 20+ years. I'll forget about and then come back to it. Classic
positive I first bought this fragrance in November 1992 and as one reviewer commented, I too had people stopping me to ask what I was wearing.  The scent was complex, a little disorienting.  It was heady, rich, and with just a tiny hint of something 'rotten' underneath.  That extra note hit it out of the park.    

The tiny star bottle lasted forEVER, and I replaced it again in, I think, 2000?  I don't think it is any different from the 1992 version, others may have better data on that question. 

It will be a great disservice to this wonderful fragrance if the formula was changed in order to be novel or less expensive.  

Readers need to be aware that the EU has cranked down on the use of many classic perfume ingredients, both natural and man-made, due to concerns that they are allergens.  Perfumers don't want to be seen as fighting safety rules, so they conform by re-formulating their fragrances.  

I am not young;  there are many fragrance notes from older perfumes my mother wore (Norell, Tabu, Chanel #5, Alliage, others) that I smell nowhere anymore, anywhere, ever.  My bet is that they are simply banned due to Henny-Penny "the sky is falling down!" concerns about potential contact allergies.  

I'm an adult who keeps peanuts from my kid.  I'm ok with being responsible for my allergic reactions to fragrance.  
positive I get patchouli all way long from the beginning. The opening smells quite herbal to me and almost freaked me out the first time. Then the sweetness just can't wait and bursts out right away. I swear if I tested on paper I'd drop it down right away. But after about 2 hours, it smells heavenly! The right amount of chocolate, caramel, honey and vanilla is so delicious. The patchouli is no longer fierce but holds perfectly the balance between sweetness and freshness. It's even intriguing as it hides among the sweet notes and tickles your nose when you expect the least. I have to admit I'm still not very used to the first 2 hours but for the lovely drydown I can wait. Fortunately the longevity is excellent for over 12h, it worths! The sillage is good, too. Though it's known as a heavy fragrance, I think with a light touch, the drydown has no problem in summer. 

The bottle is cute! But the name Angel doesn't fit that well IMHO. It's sweet but with a dark side hiding behind. Maybe Ange ou Demon should be better distributed to this one? LOL.

Originally written in 2013
positive Phenomenal. This one is controversial ... but on me, it was alllll goodness. ;)
positive I love this complex perfume with many notes.  First, I smell chocolate, then berries and caramel.  The perfume smells different on every person, but smells great on m.e  I always get compliments on it.  It is loud and friendly, but not overwhelming.  I wear it year round.  
positive Add me to the list of those who adore this.  Big, bad, bold, bodacious. I love it.  My husband loves it.  No other opinions matter.  Since I never smelled Angel when it first was released, I can't complain of reformulation.

And, I love the giant, chunky tester bottle I currently possess. 
positive I find the opening of Angel Eau de Parfum difficult to go through. A musky chocolate. But the dry down is to die for. It gets acid with berries and bergamot. Then, the basenotes of silky caramel are gorgeous. I just wish sillage and longevity were longer. 
positive Love this. After it's on a while, you just want to eat it. The Carmel and chocolate....mmmmm 
What I really liked about it was that it lasts forever.
positive Upon first spray I really didn't like Angel but I gave it a change and I'm glad I did.

It's such a gourmand. It's gourmand royalty. This is a fragrance which is so popular and dare I say it, common but it seems to behave differently on different people, giving it that special edge for everyone. For me once the first spray starts to settle down I feel like I'm being followed around by a sherbet dib dab. Every now and then it morphs into something else, vanilla ice cream, chocolate, the pick and mix section. Really it's like walking though a sweet shop. Still it has something slightly darker and heavier which seems to anchor it. I believe that could be the bergamont.

There is also something that catches me every now and then that isn't so good. I don't know what it is but a previous review described it like BO. I understand what they mean but I would have described it as more of a chemical smell, almost like bleach. Fortunately it's very fleeting.

Lasts fantastically and projects well, even on my skin which normally eats up fragrances super fast. This is not one that you want to over spray or you run the risk of making yourself and everyone around you feel very sick.
positive Love the opening, sweet Vanilla, balanced by the tart bitterness of Bergamot.
 Try Bergamot perfume extract on your Vanilla Ice Cream sometime. It's glorious!
 Note the Caramelly texture and the nod to Chocolate later. The Berries make this perfect for Feminine or Masculine skin, except the drydown. Whoa! I get a tenacious "Generic Clean" note that ends up relentless even through a shower.
It's obvious this continues to be so very popular with the Girls.It's sexy and quite clever in construction. 
The opening and heart are quite intriguing and most narcotic. In the End it is like a hangover and leaves me feeling like I need alterations to my Meds.
Thumbs up? Well....Everyone needs to try it. At least once.
positive Perfect Gourmand...

A true beauty here. This is one which I expected to be a monster, but it really turned out to be sublime in it's smell and performance. I tried the male version first, which I found extremely harsh and almost cloying, with a screechy tar note and heavy patchouli. This in the other hand, is perfect for me.

One thing I like about Angel is that the notes are blended perfectly to my nose. The patchouli, chocolate, caramel, vanilla and honey are all perfect. To me no one overwhelms the other too much. There are elements of candy floss, fruits, berries and tonka bean that show up as well (all of which I love). It's one hell of a gourmand, and I love it!

It's a fragrance which I would love smelling on people and wearing also. I find it a lot more wearable than the men's version, and it just feels "done right" to my nose. Probably best in cooler weather in my opinion, but could probably be worn year round with measured spraying. I think this isn't the beast that people make it out to be (at least to me)... so give it a try!
positive The opening is a mix of bergamot and incense helional, full of pure and transparent like the air, and on to a scent of fruit and full of sweet honey gradually spread, taking full feeling and delicious attractive as in the memories of childhood. Finally, Angel will be finished in vanilla, chocolate, caramel and patchouli wood, and sexy, attractive and powerful medium, full of charm.

The scent sensual, warm create a hard to resist the charm for women. Sample bottles impressive design with modern colors. Extremely good fragrance.
positive What could I possibly say that remains unsaid about Angel? Rich, dark, bold, statement-making sexy. I wear it everytime I can, feels appropiate for everytime. I've smelled it on formal events, wine tasting evenings, it even attends my pilates class. 

No doubt it was quite a thing when it first came out and owned the gourmand cathegory, but now that same kind of scent has evolved into something intoxicatingly sweet as Flowerbomb or Manifesto, and Angel has another new market like gourmandchuli. And thank GOD for that patchouli, for that's the reason why something that smells edible also screams unedible. 

I was gifted my first bottle when I was 16 or so and gifted it away. Then someone else bought it for me and gave it away. I finally purchased MY OWN bottle of Angel at a duty free in Sao Paulo. 

It's heavy stuff if youre not into the patchouli note, but I somehow grew into it and welcomed it into my wardrobe. It's siilar to Shalimar -in structure- so you kinda have to wear it to figure it out. 

It's a sillage monster, so I go gently on it, and definately wear it when I'm going on high profile. I have to admit that even when so many people wear it, it blends different on my skin -as well on others- and that IS the main reason why I like such a mainstream fragrance, dispite the fact of it's "uniqueness" in the market.

So, if you're reading this humble opinion on Angel and haven't tried it yet, give it a try on your skin and let it ripen. You've probably smelled it lots of times before knowing how it actually blends with your skin.
positive I can’t really do a BLUF (bottom line up front) for this hot topic…too many moving parts.  All I can say is that I’m on the “Love” side of the love/hate dichotomy.  It’s a clumsy, unapologetic, fun fragrance with a sense of humor.  I imagine Rose Tyler would make the TARDIS smell of Angel.

Yes it’s bold, but it doesn’t strike me as “in your face”.  Maybe it’s the way my girlfriend wears it or her particular skin chemistry, but it’s not offensive to my nose at all.  I’m in my early 30’s and she in her mid-20’s, for reference.

My layman summary would be: a playful burnt caramel/honey/patchouli...the drydown being almost pure patchouli to my nose, with some sweetness.  Maybe I’m partial because my girlfriend is stunning, sexy, and an absolute muse to me and this is her go to, but she wore this long before I became interested in the wide world of perfumery, and I loved it then as much as I do now. 

Like many fragrances, over-applying is going to have a negative result…I can see that being the case here more so than with many other fragrances.  I’d venture to say some women who wear Angel, might wear a little too much (we’ve all been guilty of this at some point).  Longevity is off the charts, sillage is a bit less so but still above average.  I wouldn’t call it a full-blown gourmand honestly, but it’s in that realm for sure.  I don’t get the cocoa/chocolate that many seem to.  It is predominately caramel/honey with a lot of patchouli after the fact.

With the Angel hand cream, on top of the previously mentioned notes I get a bit of sweet urine mixed with fresh hay, but for whatever reason, it smells absolutely sexy to me.  It’s kind of embarrassing to read that back to myself, but this stuff just drives me mad, period.
positive Tension created by the mixture of edible and inedible notes is what gives the gourmand genre its particular interest. The mind isn't sure how to react to something that says 'eat me' and 'don't eat me' at the same time.

Angel takes this effect one unsavoury step further with its red fruit syrup, candy floss and caramel served up with plummy rose and white flowers, dark chocolate, mothballs, bitter wood and mouldy rot.

The original, most distinctive and probably still the best gourmand on the planet. Certainly the most wicked.

*****

negative I am late on the bandwagon in sampling Angel. So I wanted to keep an open mind and give it a chance. And well.... I just can’t get my head around it. I find it strange, off putting, cheap and generic smelling. An odd mix of sweet and spicy notes. Doesn’t smell foody to me, nothing appetizing about this combination of foody notes. I am late in trying this scent, and perhaps if it hadn’t already been ruined by all of the imitations of it I might have felt differently. I smelled imitations of it before I realized I smelled imitations of it. So I’m afraid that for me Angel ends up smelling like a cheap imitation of itself. I found it unpleasant and nauseating. Had to wash it off. By the way, I do like Alien and Eau de Star by Mugler. But Angel is not for me. I would definitely not recommend Angel as a blind buy or gift due to its polarizing qualities. 
negative I loved Angel when it was brand new: I had never smelled anything like this sweet, fruity, caramel and chocolate creation! It was such a refreshing change from all the ozonic fragrances of the time, which followed the popularity of L'Eau D'Issey and Escape. After wearing it for about a year, I tired of it, and haven't worn it again until recently, when I suddenly decided to buy another bottle. Initially, I thought my new bottle of Angel smelled as it always did, but the more I have worn it, I have realised this fragrance has drastically reformulated. Though it is unmistakably Angel, it is not as sweet as it used to be, and the fruity notes seem more muted: the fragrance is heavier than it was, and now places far more emphasis on damp smelling patchouli and dark chocolate notes than the sugary chocolate-caramel of the original formulation (this damp patchouli and dark chocolate combination was taken to extremes in Givenchy's Very Irresistible For Men, which I always thought smelled like damp A*Men). This new formulation is unfortunately very inferior to the original! The bath and body products have clearly been reformulated too: they used to smell exactly like Angel Eau de Parfum, but now smell of heavy patchouli and fruity notes. The body creme was a particularly lovely product (originally in an elegant glass jar); even though it is still beautiful quality, it now has an overpoweringly strong fruit and patchouli scent, which I find very sickly (this version is sold in a rather over the top plastic "flying saucer" jar).
My thumbs down is for the current version of Angel; the original would definitely have got a thumbs up. I have, however discovered that Angel Etoile Des Reves, smells almost identical to Angel's original formulation, and is, for my tastes, far preferable the one available now.
negative Before Christmas 2017 I was going to order a sample of this online but decided against it.

Wise move!

Apparently, it has been added to the growing list of 're-formulated scents' whereby the people are being duped into buying something that is NOT like the original version.  For example, chocolate (for which Angel is/was famous) has been replaced by nutmeg, way back in June/July 2017.  In fact, in the original version there were 24 notes and that has now been replaced by only 12.  This has to be a cost-cutting exercise.  Why else would they do it?

This may explain why recent reviewers hate this scent as it's been re-formulated.
negative When this first came out I bought a bottle and wore it frequently. People would stop me and ask what I was wearing - it was that different from anything else available at the time. I eventually discovered Jo Malone fragrances and stopped wearing Angel. I now have an extensive fragrance wardrobe and wear a variety of scents. Fast forward - I decided to try Angel again. I cannot stand it now. I had to scrub it off, it was so obnoxious. I know that many people love it, but I just can’t take it. 
negative The most hideous fragrance I have ever experienced in my life. Dear lord, people pay for and wear this?
negative Angel came out around the time I decided that Chanel no. 5 was the one for me, so I pretty much hated this on principle. Testing it on my skin today, it seems I was right: I really do hate it. It's incredibly loud, incredibly sweet, and there is a funk in there that sets my teeth on edge. Now, mind you, I normally like a bit of funk: Salome's cuminey underpants? Count me in! The barnyard "butt" accord in Inverno Russo? Bring it on! But this I can't handle at all. It's like the smell of a wet, dirty dishrag that you pick up after it's been festering in the sun all day; a slightly rotting, sour smell that clings to your hands long after you've flung the filthy thing far away from you. The saccharine sweetness on top has the same effect as air freshener sprayed in a public bathroom; it only seems to enhance the stench. I do get why this was groundbreaking and all, and it's certainly not boring, so it has that going for it, but I'm honestly surprised this was such a commercial hit. I find it very unpleasant.
negative Each time I try Angel it brings vivid flashback of my youth wandering around the Victoria Secret store trying out the new VS perfumes of the 90's, the sweet, uber cloying candy-store scents that went by names such as 'Love Spell' or 'Dream Angels' or even early Bath and Body Works super syrupy scents.  To my then 20-something nose and lifestyle, yes, I wanted to smell like a candy factory.  

However, when I wear this and my kids come running thinking I've just opened a bag of Haribo and ask where I've hid the sweets in the house....I have no desire to smell like bags of Haribo candy. 
negative Angel opens sweet and earthy. After about 20 seconds a saltiness develops (almost salty sweaty skin, but a bit "cleaned-up")....and additionally becomes a little bit vegetal (carrot seed essential oil?). About 5 minutes in a bit of slightly sweet mint (spearmint?) and cocoa (bitter, not sweet) start to overtake the carrot seed. The "cleaned-up' salty sweaty skin is still pretty predominant. After about 20 minutes there's a little bit of vanilla bean and there is a very soft powder floral undercurrent about 1-2 hours after that. Angel stays with this very complex compilation through the rest of it's wear.

This was tested on dry skin in a warm, dry climate (in doors). Sillage is moderately strong at about 4-6 feet for the first two hours and then moderate to soft after that. Lasting power is about 6 - 8 hours.

This is an interesting amalgamation of notes. On me, it mostly smells "confused". Does it want to be a gourmand? intimately personal? challenging? perhaps a touch brash? It's all those things and I wasn't really enjoying that journey. However, I will say, I do appreciate it's complexity and uniqueness.
negative Angel is less shocking in the opening than Angel Men, but whereas Angel Men has some redemption in the base, Angel gets much worse as it develops, a cloying scrubber, and hard to wash off.
negative Angel smells exactly like Morning After Armpits. You know that semi-sweet, semi-sour, semi-BO smell... when your deodorant has all but given up. It's still trying to hang on for dear life, & quell that funky BO that's trying so hard to make it's presence known, but it doesn't quite make it. So you're left with that hot, used up, dirty pit smell.
Angel says "I could really use a shower!"

I've tried wearing this a couple of times & it just smells like dirty BO.

Rub your wrists on your hot, steamy, morning after armpits - you'll get the exact same results & it won't cost you anything.

neutral I so, so wanted to give this a Thumbs up since I have worn Angel since 1994.  Countless bottles purchased and used.  I have been known for this scent for decades.  Total signature scent.  1-2 sprays and I would be set all day.  Compliments at work, the grocery store, the car wash, social events. For the past few years, Angel is no longer strong, it does not last, project and I cannot remember the last time I got a compliment.  The IFRA reformulation literally killed the magic of Angel.  
neutral I was very excited about this perfume thought this  was very different.  The problem is it didn't smell good on me.  I loved it on everyone else and was disappointed when on me it was too smoky and strong.  I settled for the tamer Angel Innocent and loved it. 
positive Back in 1992, when everyone the world began wearing Angel, you couldn't have paid me to go near this gimmicky bottle.  I wore classics like YSL Paris or masculines like Annick Goutal Vetiver.  That was how I rolled.

I seem to recall Angel's peak years around the turn of the millennium.  I was wearing Bulgari Black then, or sometimes Fracas.  I still avoided the ubiquitous star bottle.  I wouldn't even sniff it.

A few years later, I'm wearing Creed Indiana and Tocca's Bianca.  Angel was right out then, too.

Life is different now and I'm mich more open minded.  My only concern when I sprayed it on for the very first time today was how Angel would wear on my skin.  And I'm happy to report that I think it works.  I get almost  no screech on my skin (thank God), but I do get a nice, slightly browned sugar cookie top note layered over warm cocoa and a fruity incense/patchouli base.  Taken together, Angel smells 
positive One of my everlasting favorite since 1992. A gourmand that is a party animal and a comforting heaven of caramel, cocoa and patchuli.. A masterpiece, especially, when i think of it as such a mainstream fragrance!
positive Salutation.

Absolutely Awesome.When I think About the Word Perfume,I think About ANGEL Immediately. A UNFAILING Perfume. ANGEL is all about Maturity. Heady in a SPECIAL way.It Evokes a lot of Sweet memories for Dignified Ladies. Heavy, Sweet,Bold,Worldy,Provocative,Hot, Creamy,Complex and Classy.

It is not for a Hasty person because The opening notes is Harsh and Excessively Strong as It is a Shock to those used to wearing Light Fragrances but Please Wait Because Minute by Minute Creates a Glorious and Romantic scent.Totally If you are Lucky,it will dry down to a Lovely Creamy on your skin. 

It hits you in a Numbing Wave and makes you feel Luxurious.The base notes is the best of it for me.This EVENING scents for a queen in SPECIAL occasions. Surely for WINTER . In my opinion It represents the Essence of Feminine Class.

Sillage?Attractive.

Longevity?The best part ANGEL for me as It is Legendary on my skin.

7.75/10 
positive 	Ambivalence is a rarity in perspectives about Angel. It is one of the infamous “love it or hate it” fragrances which excite me for their novelty alone. Examining people’s facial movements when they first smell Angel is as exciting as watching the reaction videos of people seeing “2 girls 1 cup”. The vulgarity of the two is essentially equal. The result of these two experiences can provoke repulsion and/or fascination. Perhaps this comparison is extreme but, when it comes to mainstream fragrance, Angel is about as scandalous as it gets. As it turns out, I am particularly fond of the uncanny as it appears in this context.
	Regardless, Angel’s distinctive odor drives me mad. My first experience after unleashing this monster from its striking bottle ended in complete admiration. It was intoxicating, decadent, and truly addictive. The dissonance of its components allows for a multi-faceted complexity that incites conversation. There is a battle between fruit, honey, chocolate, vanilla, ethyl maltol, screeching brightness, and a deep, earthy patchouli. There are even certain times when the first few moments of its application give me the perception of urine and dirt with some simple syrup poured on. I love Angel all the more for this reason. The individual notes are pleasant by themselves, but cooperate to form a Frankenstein which has that sort of “ugly pretty” quality that is valued in haute couture fashion these days.
	Angel is the car wreck that you can’t look away from, the tightrope walk you tense up over, and the trashy reality T.V. show you can’t stop watching. I cannot wear this fragrance without offending someone-- but they're going to have to deal with it.
positive Surprised to get a blast of Christmas at first, like sparkling wintry night. This one gave me some very strange impressions, because after an hour or so, fair/carnival food came to mind. Later I'm visualizing a classroom (art supplies?), though that's admittedly baffling. 

After a few hours it got musky on me, and I like it. I really like it. I've been enjoying it all day. Would work very well as unisex, as I'm not getting a particularly feminine vibe.

positive This gorgeous sexy gourmand scent is not for everone, as is evident from reviews here and everywhere. The first time I tried it, it felt like a slap in the face, offensive and rude - like no other perfume I had ever tried or wished to try (and apparently the first one ever made completely without flowery notes). Several years later I can't get enough. I am not much of a gourmand when it comes to perfume, but the ambery, musky patchouli drydown is what does it for me. It goes on and on forever, like a kid's dream of a day at the tivoli. 
positive Heck, let me confess. I have loved this (and Angel A*Men) for awhile. They smell yummy, but not cloyingly yummy to me.  Do Not put too much on, however, even the EDT. If you get into an elevator, either people take a step in the other direction, or they fawn all over me.  It is actually pretty funny. 
To each his own.

The vendors make some very nice Angel-like scents, in sprays and in roller balls, Saves tons of money!!
positive I'm a guy, and I sport the hell out`a some Angel EdP, but then again, I'm a hard core Patchouli lover. This juice is insanely intoxicating! I firmly believe that you have to lean on the cusp of enjoying Patchouli to really appreciate Angel because that's a polarizing note in itself, let alone the gorgeous hot mess going about in Angel which is centered around Patchouli. Even after 22 strong years on the market, Angel has never been reformulated, so you're getting the same formula from 1992, and for a mainstream fragrance, it is kinda pricey, but very high quality... niche quality. The opening and heart are beautiful, but the drydown is insanely good. When applied properly, Angel is mindblowing. There should be 2 thumbs to the left over there...
positive Why there isn't a page for the EDT version? This review is for the EDT.

I bought it blindly after fallen into the A*Men series spell, and I must admitt it does smell like a flanker of the original male scent. It is sweet but I cannot say the source, it is not candy floss for one thing. I smell mostly citrus and patchoulli, a bit of pepper, a bit of vanilla. there is a fruit accord but for me it is very blured, it could be red berries. I don't get the woody note perhaps because I don't keep the EDT that long for real base notes, but I get the clean, musk feeling during the whole life of Angel EDT on my skin, about 4 to 5 hours, before I have a shower, I live in a hot country and in a small enought town for me to go home for lunch, I am a lucky/happy man. also, I don't get praline or chocolate, but a very bitter cocoa powder that geves A a very masculine edge, just like it does in L'Instant de Guerlain. In fact, having in my mind A*Men and Pure Malt all the time it is hard to realize it is in fact a woman's scent. One male scent much sweeter that this is Lalique Lion pour Homme, which is almost sufoccating vanilla for me. So, what makes it a feminine fragrance? There's no flower. No powderness. Angel EDT could be just as well A*Men Pure Citron Limited Edition. Not bad, not bad at all. Can't see why this shouldn't be a safe blind buy.
positive When I first smelled Angel, I was appalled - how disgusting I thought. It kept drawing me back and smelling it and lo and behold I love it  now. I know this is a common experience with people new to Angel. When I wore it, it was definitely strong at first (Don't need alot) but then it dried down beautifully and I can smell it on me all day. Not overwhelmingly, just something I kept wanting to smell. I don't understand why people have that first reaction to it as I did, but boy am I glad I gave it a chance. I hate anything with floral notes (they remind me of a funeral home) so maybe that's why I really like it. Please give it a chance. You may turn out like me!
positive Men seem to love this fragrance while women I encounter have been known to tear-up and sneeze.
On first opening this has a candy meets flower accord.
I smell my grandma's bourbon chocolate candy and divinity competing with a lot of patchouli. Then it simmers down to pleasant vanilla competing with patchouli. Then the patchouli wins. The dry down smells amazingly of soft iris to me. The lotion is to my taste, the perfume being way too strong.
positive 5 stars for being one of the most unapologetic and "out-there" scents ever. Angel pretty much defined the fruit-chouli, gourmand genres back in the day. While I'll always consider Chopard Casmir the original early-90s "gourmand" powerhouse, Angel is far more disctinctive, albeit harder to understand.
I'd hazard to say there's nothing very balanced about the scent at all. It's a very focused sensorial overload of stewed plums, cotton-candy, chocolate-covered caramels, and that sharp green smell of wet, fresh-cut grass. No flowers, no woods, no musk to dilute it whatsoever. Those who love it can't get enough if it, and for those who don't, Angel is an olfactorial assault.
This scent to me is like a friend who bleaches her hair a little too blonde, wears a little too much bronzer, talks a little too loud, and likes her clothes a little too tight. Many times she's a bit too much, but then she has such a lovely heart that I wouldn't ever want to change a thing.

One bonus? Mugler hasn't yet gone the route of some other companies and jumped on the reformulation bandwagon. What I smell today is what I smelt that first time 10 years ago.
positive I did not "get" Angel at first sniff and I had to give it many wearings.  What a fragrance!  Certainly unique and mature, and far from the candy/fruity scents now so popular. 

I admit that it is not for everyone. 

This patchouli gourmand is powerful and there is nothing young and flirty about it.  It can easily be worn as a unisex with its chocolate patchouli with caramel and vanilla.

For those turned off to Angel, I recommend giving this one time and several wearings before writing it off.
positive When applied appropriately (Max. 4-5 sprays) and after about half an hour it smells like being in heaven in the middle of winter!
I just can't stop sniffing my wife! and it fills all the car sitting together, no matter which scent I've worn or how much I've applied!
Great sillage & longevity, mature & sexy!
To me almost no other scent even close to it, UNIQUE!
Big Big Big thumbs up!
positive I first owned this perfume over 15 years ago. it was quite an experience for me then. I'm not really a  Gourmand type, and had never worn anything like it,  it shocked me the first time I encountered, it continued to shock me each time I wore it. In fact I  don't really know why I wore it, I just sometimes felt I  really needed it, like a decadent *fix* of a calorie laden   Belgian Chocolate gateau.

As I began to smell it on every other woman  in the street/restaurant/shop, I placed it in the back of the drawer, gave it away finally.  Last month as I was walking through the perfume dept I saw it sitting there and, the old addiction rose up, I needed  my *fix*.

Ive matured since then, just because I own a perfume, doesn't mean it needs to come with me everywhere I go, Angel is my private comfort food  scent. I now like to  indulge in it's heady, warm, mouth watering sensuous Chocolate vanilla blanket  in the evening, so it has dried down to its heavenly almost nursery caramel treat stage by bedtime.

I love Angel now it is no longer a challenge to me and I know what to do with it, some scents are just too delicious  and personal to share.

negative If there were an intelligent species of alien who viewed us as mindless vermin, much as we view cockroaches, then the poisoned bait they'd strew across the planet in a desperate attempt to exterminate us would doubtless smell very much like Angel.

---

I don't much care for it when people talk about being nauseated by fragrances (unless they really do mean that it causes a literal physical reaction in them, like a migraine or an allergic response). Saying that something smells so bad that it makes you sick...it just seems a little tactless to me, you know? I mean, you're basically telling people who like and wear the fragrance that you think they smell gross. It's just not very polite.

So please understand that when I say that Angel turns my stomach, I am not using that phrase as a shorthand for claiming that I think it smells bad (or that you smell bad while wearing it). On the contrary, Angel smells...well, it smells both good *and* bad to me, both tasty and inedible, and that's the combination that causes all the trouble. It's that particular combination of edible/poisonous that triggers nausea in me, as if it causes some primal part of my lizard brain to wake up and start screaming in alarm. It's a combination that doesn't register so much as offensive or "icky" to me as it does as actively *dangerous,* because that combination of "Yummy...oh, no, but wait--" is the sign of food gone bad, a warning of incipient food poisoning. Or even worse, perhaps it's the smell of deliberate *bait.* It's the evil witch's gingerbread house, the sweetness down the gullet of the Venus Flytrap, the urban legend's Halloween apples with razor blades hidden inside of them. It's an Admiral Akhbar sort of thing: one whiff, and every nerve in my body starts screaming "No, don't go near it! It's a TRAAAAAAP!" It's tainted candy, poisoned honey, chocolate laced with arsenic. If there's amber here, then we are the flies.

Angel is to me what I imagine a delicious-looking wriggling worm with a barbed hook sticking through it might be to a sapient fish. Uhhh, yeah. You guys can have that one all to yourselves, thanks. I...I really wasn't hungry anyway.
negative Got a sample vial for reasons of sick curiosity.  

Roughly the same experience as when a cat gorges itself on cupcakes and Cadbury Caramello then horks it all up on your pillow.
negative Migraine in a star-shaped bottle.

What on earth is that?

I cannot distinguish the notes. They seem squished together like sardines and I'm pretty sure they are angry with me.

Why did the bottle need to look like something reminiscent of decor belonging to Studio 54? Am I missing something? Is there a reference I'm supposed to be getting? 

Ouch. The migraine is real.

Fail.
negative I really cannot bring myself to like--or even tolerate--this perfume.  I will never forget the first time I smelled it--I was with a very attractive, well to do woman (a client of mine) and after a long meeting we all went on to dinner and while we were getting ready to go, she put on lipstick, brushed her hair and sprayed on some perfume.  All charming, feminine gestures, except.....  When she sprayed on Angel, everyone around the table did a double take--shock, horror, wrinkled noses, watering eyes, the whole lot.  I SERIOUSLY thought that she had put on Raid insect killer by mistake--the smell was identical. It makes sense that I would not like it as I do not care for gourmand scents and do not like/am allergic to chocolate.  But Raid?  Really?  Does anyone like that smell?  The kicker is that after the dinner, we both flew home together on a very small plane and even in the drydown--which is better--all I could think of is pest control.  In all fairness, I did once buy this for a secretary I had as a parting gift--she never wore it in the office, thank God, but had mentioned always wanting a bottle and as she was moving to another town, I thought, why not?  I also thought, why? 
negative Definitely a gourmand. Some clashing, fruity top notes can be detected up close but are buried within seconds under a load of artificially flavoured diet caramel custard. Nothing subtle or even chocolatey about this caramel & vanilla scent.
negative I got sprayed with this by a sales associate who swore this was the closest thing to smelling what angels wore when they have an appointment with THE BOSS.
Silly, gullible, me. I discovered that stupid mistakes can be made even in the "safest" places.

This fragrance is not cheap, simple, or unintelligent. And I could detect some wonderful things in there. I absolutely adore patchouli (right after the fleeting camphor is gone). And I also love resinous smells. There's also something earthy in there. You may think I'm strange, but I also love earthy smells. And those are very prominent in Angel's formulation.

The problem was that I had to overcome my revulsion for what covered the good stuff: a monstrous rotten-sweet breath from hell. Along with that, superlative perversion: there seemed to be some flowers in there - rotting in hell. This perfume is certainly an angel, a fallen angel. I believe you call that a demon. Unfortunately, no church on earth has ever appointed an exorcist that specializes in perfumes.

Have you ever noticed that some of the most horrifying smells in the world are actually very sweet? Super ripe trash can with syrup? Well they managed to bottle just that in there. It seemed tailored to repel, then attract, then repel... until I ran away, confused and quite scared. I had NEVER (until I met Kouros) smelled something so vile coming from a perfume (!?) bottle.

Why scared? I wondered if my mind was REALLY playing nasty tricks on me. It was not. I was forced to fully "enjoy" it because it lasted the whole day on my arm. I did try to wash it out, but it had already adhered to my shirt sleeve. AND there was no soap in the public restroom that I visited. Mere water, along with some desperate rubbing, did not work at all. It did make the "Angel" extend its awesome power to my right hand. Touched, and marked, by EVIL.

Actually, I have used and enjoyed those cheap fragrance oil knockoffs that are available in shopping malls, Indian stores, and street corners. They contain most of the good stuff that Angel hides under its demonic (but not nicely sulphuric) stench. Whoever makes those, can certainly recognize a bad thing when they smell it.

negative  I was so intrigued upon hearing about this scent.  With a name like Angel, I envisioned a heavenly, spiritual scent, and it is anything but!  This scent is strong and overpowering and muddled, so much so I had a hard time distinguishing any real notes.  The best way I can describe it is like an artist coloring with every color in his pallet until it becomes muddy with no distinct color. " Angel like" it is not.  When a perfume leaves you feeling choked up and queasy it is definitely not for you.
 With that said I realize my taste in perfume is much different than a lot of people and I can see how this scent could appeal to others...Thierry Mugler thinks way outside the perfumers box and I appreciate that, it's refreshing but for me his scents are so far out there, they are unreachable to me and my tastes.  I love his ingenuity though, I think it's revolutionary.
 I can tolerate Alien and Womanity, but again, too much for me. My daughter took my Alien and loved it at first but had to roll the window down later just to breathe out of its aura.
 In summation, these are very adult pungent scents that command attention, albeit the right attention is for you to decide.
negative I agree with the previous post...Angel is unforgettable in a BAD way!  It is overpowering, aggressive, in your face foul and I have yet to smell anything worse...well, there is still Shalimar but that's not the point. Angel smells like a dirty, trashy woman to me, no offense to those who like it, it smells like an unshowered woman that sprayed perfume on to kill the funk rather than bathe! It is sweet, rancid and just nasty smelling.  I have not and will not try it on, I am afraid; and every woman I smell wearing it offends my sense of smell.

I do not like Angel!
negative I thought I was ready to experience this classic. Gourmand orientals are probably my favorite genre and I'm really into fragrances with character and depth. That said, this is the first fragrance I've tried that made me want to scrub it off my wrist immediately. I fought the impulse and tried to give it some time but I couldn't go longer than 20 minutes. 

My first impression was vile. Angel is so sweet it smells dirty. It made me feel sticky and in need of a shower. It smelled like I had my face against a dirty wooden floor after a 4 year old birthday party, in which the raspberry popsicles and vanilla ice cream were a hit, got out of hand and ended in a mess of sticky-faced, noise-picking, obnoxious children. Also brought this imagery of a landfill for popsicle sticks. 

It shrieks. I tried to ignore it while browsing the rest of the store, hoping that it would simmer down and reward my patience with something pleasant smelling. But I felt like I was being followed by a banshee. 

I do have to give Angel credit for being so salient and uncanny. It evokes memories of my past nightmares. The scent is permanently branded into my memory as a synesthetic image. The main notes I could detect were raspberry, an overdose of patchouli, and a smidge of vanilla. All scents that should be agreeable, but somehow the combination is raunchy and undeniably unforgettable. 
negative When I tried this, all I got was chocolate-caramel sticky sweet sickening cake batter with a whalloping double dose of vanilla.  Makes me think of eating Nestle's Quick out of the can as a child.     

neutral I had to try this divisive scent and the moment it hit me - I recalled it. It was a scent that was popular when I was child. It was everywhere. It was inescapable. 

On me, it was a lovely warm cocoa scent...with vague hints of camphor. Once that harshness wore off, it was pleasant enough. Cocoa sweetness. The divisiveness of this scent however discourages me from ever wearing it public. Read some of the negative reviews here. Good for a laugh but also makes one wary. 
neutral For me this was a full powered in your face scent. Having heard so many Thierry Mugler Angel converts talk about this incredible fragrance I had to try it. Purchasing a bottle I found I was so disappointed, I love Amber, Patchouli and scents with jasmine and rose but this just didn't translate. 

At first it's full on cotton candy with a hint of musky cocoa. The musk gives it a grown up edge but the cotton candy notes dampened down the adult aspect of this fragrance and I personally was left feeling like mutton dressed as lamb. 

It lasted all day, even after bathing which resulted in a serious migraine. I didn't give up, I wanted this to work so badly so gave it a few more goes finally deciding that it was a no-go for me.
neutral Hate then LoveThe 1st spray is like spraying insect repellent! If you don't make it past 30 minutes of wear, you will always say that you hate this perfume and that if not anything else...it will keep the mosquitos away. BUT if you are able to pass the 30 minute mark it changes to a warm vanilla. The strong patchouli that you smelled at first dies down tremendously.Pros: UnisexCons: 1st 30minutes"
neutral OK, so here's the legendary Angel.  For all the drama and notoriety, it's not nearly as sickly sweet as I had imagined it would be.

So what does it smell like?  Well, its that synergy that happens when patchouli and vanilla mix and it smells like burnt caramel.  It's got lavender and some sort of aromatic green menthol-ish herb on top for brightness.  It's also got a milky note, so it kind of smells like dulce de leche, the caramel you get from heating a can of evaporated condensed milk.  There's also an animalic undertone, a sort of vaguely poopy sweaty smell like a very dirty child (which was especially unnerving when mixed with the milk smell), as well as some sort of fruits and chocolate.  But it all came together to smell like a multi-layered caramel smell with lots of bright non-gourmand aromatics and a thin layer of gross underneath.

Time has proven that you can add almost anything to this Angel formula and get gold.  From A*Men and its flankers to the hundreds of gourmands influenced by Angel, this really has launched a revolution.  And that's my main issue with Angel - After smelling it with smoke and coffee and malt and woods and cotton candy and licorice and leather and everything else that's been thrown at it, Angel seems a little less compelling than its spawn.  The only thing that Angel brings to the table that's missing from its descendants is that gross animalic milk smell, which was the part I didn't like.  Aside from its general loudness, I have no technical issues with Angel, but I'd personally much rather wear A*Men or New Haarlem, which take the Angel structure in directions I like better.
neutral I love Angel on a scent strip.  It's positively sexy and juicy and mouthwatering. But on my skin, it's ONLY patchouli. I got this as a gift in the late '90s and wore it until I ran out. Maybe I'll try it again.
positive ANGEL –  Mugler – 1992     [fruity, vanilla, powdery]

This one I am going out on a limb for – people either love it or hate it.  It begins with a strong mix of strawberry, dewberry and chocolate/caramel, which quickly dries down to a fruity, powdery vanilla that is extremely captivating.  The dry down can be reminiscent of Earl Grey Tea. This is a heart melter for both sexes, as it works on some of our most primary food scent attractions.  

I advise you to try a sample first and give it a chance over many applications – in other words, don’t decide right off whether you like it or not – give it time to win you over.

Totally unique scent combination that prompted many imitators – but the original is the best of the lot.

Top Notes: Strawberry, Dewberry, Helonial, Honey, Bergamot, Jasmine, Orchid, Rose
Middle Notes: Chocolate, Caramel, Coumarin
Base Notes: Vanilla, Patchouli, Sandalwood, Musk

positive Smells creamy and sweet, definitely a delicious scent. I'm a guy and I wear this. It smells that awesome. I think this should be a unisex fragrance in my opinion but for that to be so, there has to be that certain man who would be able to pull this off.

Overall rating 8.7/10.
positive I have an amusing relationship with this fragrance.  A guy I was seeing briefly insisted I try it. I meekly agreed despite not finding anything to recommend it.  I was very unimpressed when first sprayed and the day went by without incident.  Only two days later...I couldn't get it out of my mind and needed, wanted, craved it.  

Since then, every person who comes near me for any time at all can't help but comment on how the smell suits me...some even mention it more than once - weird?  I've had guys who otherwise have no interest in perfumes actually ask me the name of what I'm wearing.  I haven't worn another scent that elicits that sort of reaction.  Ever.  
positive susieq813 is right: sample it before  you buy it, and since you're at it, grab a spoon, because you're in for an edible trip. 

Angel is the typical fragrance that raises the question: is she wearing the perfume or the perfume wearing her?

Other than patchouli, the list of notes is long enough for anyone to smell something different all the time.
positive ((Wow...  I just saw that Angel has been around for almost 20 years.  I had no idea!))

So, 10 years ago, I got my very first whiff of Angel.  I was babysitting, and the mother of the kids had a bottle in the bathroom.  It was in love at first smell.   In high school, I loved patchouli, and I think of Angel as an "adult version" of patchouli!  While working at a perfume kiosk a few years later, I would steal sprays of the sample non-stop! 

Angel IS on the pricey-side, compared to some perfumes out there.  But, I got the star that you can refill... which is a brilliant idea!  It's also a perfume you need to try before you buy.  It is very strong, and at first it may knock you off your feet.  But give it a chance.  Most people love it.  I get compliments on it HOURS after I put it on.  So, it's definitely long-lasting.  Give it a try!
positive There are certain accords in fragrances, similar to a specific chord change in music,  which knock you off your feet. I won't bore everyone by listing some though. There is a moment in Angel which sent shivers down my spine. This is when, about 5 minutes in, the blackcurrant/peach note emerges from the fog of chocolate and patchouli -- it is truly exquisite. For one instance, I was thinking I could pull this off, but the rather long and powerful drydown is too feminine for me. This was the EDP and it is very potent. That burgeoning accord, while it lasted, deserves a thumbs up on its own.
positive I AM ABSOLUTELY CRAZY ABOUT THIS STUFF. Since I'm out of Shalimar right now, it's my favorite scent I own. 

Yes, Angel tends to be  a love-it-or-hate-it topic; that's because the fragrance is so very original.  Olivier Cresp (TM's perfumer, who built Angel) clearly has a yard of guts, and so do the folks chez Thierry Mugler; I'm told Angel just didn't sell for the first two years, but they kept making it and let it find its audience.  

And, boy, does this fragrance "work" on me!  I love fragrances with strong and unexpected contrasts between the top and bottom notes, and some light and space in the middle; Mark's White Vetiver does this rather badly and Fergie's Outspoken Intense does it pretty well, but Angel is the mack momma of this style.  All that bright soft  sweetness up top and then that BIG patchouli note underneath. . .I'm just gone on the stuff.  I'll wear the men's version when I can get a dab of it, too, though I haven't worn it enough to talk about it intelligently.
positive YUM!!! Luckily Angel now works with me, it didn't always, I used to HATE Angel with a red hot passion! I think the reason I hated Angel previously was not only because of the mega dose of patchouli that assaulted my nose upon first spray but also because I was putting one spray on each wrist and that was just too much!! I attempted Angel again while studying up on Innocent (which I like a lot), I kept going back to reviews of Angel and was intrigued by how blank and white the reviews seemed, people either loved or hated Angel with very little so-so in between. I dug out my sample and squirted it on a q-tip then lightly dabbed it on my wrists, I did still get the strong patchouli but it was much milder and the dry down was to die for, on me it's a blend of deep dark chocolate, a touch of vanilla and patchouli. I've now graduated to one spray on my wrist then lightly rubbed on the other wrist and lo and behold I actually LOVE the patchouli now!! My husband loves it too! I think Angel really comes down to personal chemistry, it smells wonderful on some and horrible on some, I also think it is frequently over applied and that's why it has such a bad reputation, if the over sprayers would lighten up you'd probably get more compliments and less scowls. 
positive Well, I have waited a good long time before sampling Angel.  The fact that it has all that patchouli in it has always scared me off.  I have never liked a lot of patchouli in a fragrance.  All that said, I finally took the plunge and tried my first Thierry Mugler scent!
The first whiff was all sweet, sweet fruit and linament! "Oh, boy"  I thought,"here we go."  Now, I know better than to judge a perfume by its' top notes alone.   So I waited patiently for the dry down and what do you know?  Such a pleasent surprise!
Every note seems to meld together in the dry down into a lovely, edible (and not to terribly sweet) accord!
No wonder this scent has always been touted as a ground-breaker!  Well done, Thierry Mugler!
positive This is my mother's new signature scent. I've given it her for her birthday together with my sister (it's really expensive!).
I liked it very much on her but when I tried it on a little, it didn't smell good. Very nauseating on my side.

Then, after a few days my sister and I went a little grumpy saying: "Have you sprayed your scent on?" when she just sprayed it on.
It's very heavy on the beginning and after a few days, a little annoying in the beginning.
But after a few minutes it gets back to great.

The biggest downturns on this fragrance are that it's so damn expensive and that the star-shaped bottle can't be put standing upright.
positive I like this its very masculine and feminine equally so it should be Unisex because Im a man and I wear it all the time and its more masculine than some of my other colognes lolz but its great it smells like a chocolate candy shop with a hint of berrries and plums and some patchouli and little bit of honey. If anyone like gourmand scents this for U but becareful this thing projects like a titanic so watch how much u spray on U or U will suffocate but im very happy to own this fragrance!
positive I have a hard time understanding why Angel is a love-it or hate-it scent, because I can't imagine anyone not loving it.

This is a fragrance for women who aren't afraid to flaunt their femininity, and don't care whether you like it or not.  Angel is raging feminine sexuality, grabbing you by your hair and pulling you in.  I get weak at the knees any time the smell of Angel is nearby.  

If you're going to wear Angel, at least do it right.  In other words, don't wear this discreetly.  Angel is strong and it's loud, and it should be worn that way.  Spray it in your hair for maximum sillage and allure.

This isn't a perfume.  It's a potion.

MY RATING:  10/10
positive Angel was one of the most  groundbreaking and influential releases in the early 90's mass market perfumery. A magistrally creafted and very rich fruity gourmandic frangrance that became huge all over the world. Chocolate, coconut and candies with melon and mandarin on top and floral hints throughout. An unique combination of notes to create a deep, sweet and very distinctive scent awarded in the FIFI hall of fame in 1997.

Fortunately / unfortunately (depending on the point of view), Angel had an incredible commercial feedback so that in a certain period almost everybody used to wear it. In the mid 90's any bar, club, restaurant, disco or public space was filled by the loud smell of Angel as any girl /woman used it in huge amounts, so it fastly turned to be irritant and nauseating.

Now, after almost two decades, time has done its part and it seems that many persons forgot about this fragrance so that Angel can be wore again, but please ladies...be careful with dosage.

A landmark in perfumery and a mandatory try.
positive This was an impulsive buy. I don't really like it on myself as I think it is too loud and I have to say I like loud perfumes. Cristobal by Cristobal Balenciaga has a very similar heart and base, but possibly more  elegant and with a wonderful sillage. 
positive Just slightly gourmand, we could say. This infamous fragrance is, in its aroused angular feel high in the air, the olfactory "metallic" equivalent of a sugared almond flavoured by anise and chocolate, overall with a mentholated aromatic backtaste. It's indeed sweet, floral, metallurgical and aromatic in an icy-mentholated way. Angel is not properly mysterious but classic/chic, icy/romantic, fairy, starry and paradoxically vintage/glamour with its bombastic rooty-icy-candied patchouli. It's in tone with a frosty metropolitan night out, while the wearer is commuting from a club to an other one. The citrus, the aromatic icy "water", the flowers and some herbal elements are prominent at the beginning but express their own power throughout the development. Angel in short enters just one foot inside the gourmand territories and the chocolate-caramel accord is toned down in comparison with the denser A*Man. What is undeniable is that this futuristic scent is weirdly "glamour/retro" with its cool-warm, smooth-metallic splinters of stary patchouli-vanilla. Angel is a plutonic blend of creams and alluminium, a brash mix of choccolate, harsh citrus, fruits, flowers, vanilla, caramel, honey and earthy patchouli watered and aromatized in a synthetic and mentholated-balsamic way by the link between lavender-helonial-coumarin. The blend is surrounded by many further complementary elements. Angel is a mix of contrasts and over this state of things it roots its modern strength. The beginning is industrially hesperidic in an almost off-putting sugary way. It's like a clanking rattle of  iron scrap. In a second phase the elements start to intersects mutually in the right way disclosing a silkier milky-soapy-aromatic side with an iceberg floating inside. Angel is proudly synthetical with a bombastic projection and a not less emphatic longevity. A winner on the market and among the young ladies as well as Hypnotic Poison but far in a far better way for sure.
positive This is the one perfume I keep coming back to...in the past I have always found a new scent to wear, about once a year or so. Angel is the only one I've ever purchased twice. It's my go-to signature scent, the one that comforts me and makes me feel sexy and confident.

That being said, I won't get into HOW it smells, as there are so many reviews about that. I will, however, point out a few things I've noticed that make this scent even more unique. 

Angel smells completely different on paper/clothing than on skin...if you don't like it on your skin due to the smoky camphor note you get the first few minutes, try it on your clothing instead. 

Also, I know some will say not to rub your wrists after applying, but I always do with this particular scent...reason being, I find the smoky burnt candy notes go away rather quickly after this and the heart notes kick in faster. I'll admit that the heart & base notes are definitely the highlight of this fragrance, at least for me. 

Lastly, this is the only scent I've ever worn that changes so much as my body temperature rises. The honey/melon/peach notes are at their peak when I am very warm...and men seem to really love this fragrance! 


Dec
15
2008 

positive I was scared even to try this one. But month ago I've find out that my beloved Angel le lys is discontinued (whole Garden of star collection:( ), so I've decided to give a chance to her older sister (mother?). I've expected a sweet bomb - chocolate, vanilla, candies, sugar, honey, fruits... And I got patchouli. Nice one, polite, a bit sweeter than in Eden for example but not sweet. Not loud, not cloying, just well behaved patchouli with some strange spices. And I love it:) I still prefer Angel le lys but Angel itself is pleasant surprise. And nothing to be scared of (on me).
positive Man. Candy.

I'm reviewing this from reverse: I haven't worn it, but I've smelled it on many.  And oh my goodness do I ever love it.  My girlfriend (a Basenoter who shall remain nameless) says I'm a poser for even admitting I like this, but I can't deny my true self.  The truth will out.  I love this stuff.

Quite literally, four of the last five times I've asked a woman "OMG, what is that you're wearing?" she's said Angel.  While that certainly suggests something about my taste, it also suggests something about my total inability to recall utterly commen scents but we won't belabor that point further here.  Moving right along.  I love this stuff.  I dream of its candylike beckoning.  I want more.  
positive Chocolate, chocolate, chocolate, yada, yada, yada. I'm not eating a candy bar here. My first encounter with this was after significant dry-down. A delicious, complex variation on patchouli, which I am just a sucker for. Just got some for my wife - we'll see how that works out. So far, just tried some on myself. Early on, I pick up a somewhat annoying sour note. This disappears and improves over a little bit of time. Not quite at the patchouli point yet, but very pleasing. Quite impressive.
positive Pervasive instability of mood, impulsive aggressiveness, a frantic drive not to be alone, serial crises.  Yes, Angel, it’s borderline personality disorder.

negative Oh Angel, how I wanted to love you...but you hate me....

I have tried this fragrance twice on the strength of the positive recommendations from this (and other) forum(s) and twice I've had an absolutely horrific experience. The first time I tried Angel (in a major department store) it smelled so bad the sales girl literally towed me to a make up removal station and tried to scrub it from my arm. My four year old son made the "yuck" face and refused to stand on that side of my body.

Why go back the second time? I thought, "this can't be right...everybody says Angel is divine...maybe that first bottle had turned." Oh no. I am convinced Angel HATES my body chemistry. The second time smelled exactly the same but this time the sales person at the perfume counter tried to tell me it was lovely as she(unsuccessfully) tried not to make the "yuck" face herself. (Side note: Don't lie to us salespeople...we CAN smell ourselves.)

So what did Angel smell like on me? No disrespect intended to those of you who wear Angel, but on me it smelled like rancid fruit. I also got a note of something that smelled like rotting meat. On others- chocolate, on me- rotting things. Another cautionary tale about the importance of body chemistry. So a one overall but a five for longevity. Why? Because it smelled revolting for about 15 hours even after all attempts to remove it/cover it up with something else/shower.

On a side note...none of the Mugler fragrances smell as they are "supposed" to on me and I am now really curious about it. Angel and Alien really smell repulsive on me but lovely on others. Womanity smells good but not the way it was intended. Anybody have ideas about why these Mugler fragrances would behave this way on me when no others do?
negative Oh wow...this was a fragrance I didn't want to last on my skin! I couldn't believe it. So, many love it. It sounds like a fragrance I would love. But, on me, everything meshed together into one big bad sweet smell of ick.
negative When I first smelled this I liked it. But, when I sampled it there was something there, just beyond the sweetness that reminded me of a sweating hot dog vendor in mid-summer.  Tried it three times and couldn't get past that smell. 
negative I am sure that all the devils in hell wear Angel, Samsara, Youth Dew and all the other loud and cheap fragrances.  Angel is so disgustingly sweet and strong it gives me a headache and makes me feel sick to my stomach whenever I am too close to a woman who is wearing it.  I just can't understand how such an awful stench could become so popular.  Why on earth would anyone want to smell like a dessert cart on steroids?
negative I definitely need to try this one on again as so far my experience of this is more akin to Angel of Death than something heavenly. I remember sniffing it in Liberty's in London one winter in the 90s - and absolutely loving it. Then everyone started wearing it. In high quantities, in crowded tubes in summer and smoke filled clubs with poor ventilation at nightime and I hated it.

A friend wears this as her signature scent so it is tolerable (prob cos she's an angel herself) but I still can't help but feel choked whenever I try it on again in a shop and try to recapture that first sniff. 

Smells like death by candy floss in an overheated elevator to me and I would never inflict this on other people in the dog days of summer - unless I didn't like them. Chokingly sweet, overbearing, totally unsexy and impossible to wear lightly IMO. Yuck!
negative Oh dear, what can I say about Angel. I was apprehensive about getting this, especially as it was a blind buy but at the price I got it for I couldn't complain. I loved the sound of the sweet, chocolate notes, plus I thought it's reputation would speak for itself.

I'm not adverse to saccharine sweet fragrances, but I didn't find Angel toothache inducing - more HEADACHE inducing. My temples start pounding before the drydown. I know that Angel is regarded as the queen of gourmands but it doesn't make my mouth water at all - what berries, chocolate, caramel, vanilla??? Maybe a bit of chocolate, but after a while all I get is unrelenting stubborn PATCHOULI! I was expecting something a bit more "tasty", and I was disappointed.

I can actually imagine this as a car air freshener, and that's not something a woman should smell of.

Angel is a very unique fragrance, I can't deny it, but it's far too strong and sharp for me and my sensitive migraneous head.
negative Everyone can dislike or like this fragrance, but one thing is certain: Angel Is UNIQUE and different.

I fall in love with A*men (the male version) some years ago, and i never try angel until yesterday.

What can I say? Maybe many diferents notes for one scent?

The male version has many differents notes too, but in A*man the notes of Mint, Coffee, Patchouli, milk and caramel have some direction. Making A*man more Warm and Gourmand.

I think Angel fails in this aspect because is a extremely strong spicy Fragrance, there isn't a note that temper the others, so the first 15 minutes is unbearable, Who the hell can wears this?? I never could and I like spices, but this is too much!

Vanilla? this smells anything but Vanilla, i think this is more like an oriental Spicy.

There is something good about angel and I think it is the drydown, this part smells very similar to the male version, maybe now I can smell some vanilla, but this happens after four hours of been wearing this scent! It's just a pity!

I can see Coco chanel saying: Woman's need to smells like Woman, not like a strong Spicy Dark Chocolate.

neutral After first reading the notes in Angel, I wanted to love it. On the right person, it smells wonderful. But I've smelled it on people (most notable one sitting next to me on an airplane), where it was overbearing, cloying, and smelled like the person was unwashed. I must admit, though, that it doesn't smell as unpleasant to me now as it did 10 years ago. Maybe I'll give it another ten and try again.
neutral Okay I can see why people like it but...

It totally smells to me like "apples dipped in honey for Rosh Hashana" from when I used to goto Temple as a kid...

Not for me... 
neutral 
I like the smell on other people, sometimes, but PATCHOULI ALERT!
If I apply it I will scrub my skin red to get it off--it's extreme.
Somehow it smells like it is better-made than Angel Innocent, even if I can't wear Angel. I absolutely can't wear it, it took a few tries to realize I really, really don't like it.

I share the opinion that the abusers of this fragrance give perfume-wearers a bad reputation. It's downright unjust!
But those with the lightest hand simply like to have their cake and smell like it too...
It's my mother's favorite perfume, so thank goodness I don't hate it. I don't smell it frequently either, women around here prefer Coco Mlle., Light Blue, J'adore, Juicy stuff and the likes....

positive If I were a dragqueen I would wear Angel, here's why:

FAAAAABULOUS-first-sniff-impression

It's 6' 4" tall (without heels)

It's so conspiciously feminine there's no question about who's the most FAABULOUS LADY in the house

Yet, it's suspiciously masculine - as Luca Turin sharply puts it, Angel has an adam's apple (that brilliant patchouli!)

Did I mention it's FABULOUS?
positive this did not work in summer's heat for me at all. however, re-tried on a whim in the cold of winter and it turned BEAUTIFUL --and very sexy-- on me! I have officially become a HUGE Thiery Mugler fan: many of his fragrances have reacted similarly on my skin. The notes also vary greatly with "time of the month" which attest to the depth and genius of TM as an artist-advocate for all our feminine sides!
positive It's summer, and you know what that means? I'll be wearing gigantic orientals, their sillage amplified by a quarter-inch of sweat. It's considered gauche to wear loud fragrances in summer, but I completely disagree; all the big orientals- Youth-Dew, Opium, Angel- seem positively designed for this kind of sweltering provocation. A good layer of sweat really brings out their "COME HITHER, YOU BIG MAN" qualities. Speaking of Angel, I think it might have surpassed Youth-Dew as my all-time favorite perfume. I got my star refilled at Nordstrom last week for the nice price of $45 and I've been wearing it continuously for the past week. It's just such an endlessly fascinating and disturbing fragrance, and it's impossible to categorize or understand. It was released in '92, well into the onset of what Chandler Burr calls the "anorexic oceanics of the 1990s", yet it is a throbbing, room-filling fuck-off power-woman scent in the 80's OpiumPoisonGiorgio style. It straddles the line between male and female despite being intended for and worn mainly by women; an ultra-femme pink cotton candy note is strangled to death before your eyes by a virile, throaty patchouli. It is one of the most successful perfumes in history and is available at Wal-Mart but it does not in any way comply with the American imperative to smell "clean"- in fact, it smells positively raunchy, as though body odor and sweet musky shit-stained panties were layered with rotting fruit and topped off with a post-apocalyptic stripper pole. Its advertising is counter-intuitive and designed to distract potential customers from what it ACTUALLY smells like; the packaging is light blue when the juice smells a sinister glittery brown. Sales-associates will inform dimwitted women that it smells of chocolates and sweets, when it smells of death and the infinite beyond. Ad copy refers to the "tender notes of Angel" and "memories of Thierry Mugler's childhood"; Angel wearers clearly lost their innocence LONG ago and now confront everyone they meet with the olfactory tenderness of snorting jagged shards of blue sugar glass. Angel is worn equally by conservative women (allegedly it is the signature scent of both Laura Bush and Hillary Clinton) and women of the night (numerous sources have told me of its popularity among erotic dancers). AND IT WAS A HUGE HIT! More disturbing is the nicotine-like addiction that Angel induces in the wearer, necessitating the purchase of (literally) hundreds of bizarrely named ancillary products ("Celestial Showers Gel"? "Perfuming Hair Mist"?) in an effort to preserve the scent on skin for the rest of your lifetime. The addictive part of Angel, the really good part, is that first blast of body odor and rotten fruit that fades within a few minutes, so the wearer is forced to continually reapply to get that kick. The more you wear it, the more you become anosmic to it, so you keep putting on layer upon layer upon layer, achieving a Baby Jane-like flaking pancake makeup effect and making you smell TRULY filthy, TRULY like you have been living on the streets and selling your unclean body for weeks. As Anais Reboux says to Roxane Mesquida at the beginning of Breillat's "Fat Girl", "You reek of loose morals." They have soda fountain-style REFILL STATIONS at all major department stores, for Christ's sake! I indulge in dreams of taking foot-tall Slurpee cups to Nordstrom and demanding that an effete, tittering male sales associate fill them to the brim, at gunpoint. How on earth did you get away with it, Mugler? Around the time of its release, sales associates were instructed to forcefully spray it on the arms of confused women, look directly in their trembling eyes, and tell them, mantra-like, "THIS IS A FRAGRANCE FOR A UNIQUE WOMAN. NO ONE ELSE WILL SMELL LIKE THIS. A UNIQUE, UNCOMPROMISING WOMAN WOULD WEAR THIS. IT IS UNLIKE ANYTHING ELSE". I'm not kidding, this is how it became a success. They still talk like that at the department stores, too, when they find out you're an Angel fan, in the thick, lascivious tone of a depraved Madame speaking to a whorehouse patron with particularly exotic, violent, and possibly illegal sexual tastes. They'll spray you with the latest seasonal version ("Angel Soleil au Fraiche Summer Fraicheur Energizing Oil Cream" or some such nonsense, available for a limited time only) and hold your arm with their lacquered dragon talons, hissing that there are LOTS of people out there who like Angel and you needn't feel guilty or immoral for it. AND IT WAS A HUGE HIT!

One of my best friends who happens to be a mortician told me an amazing and frightening story. While preparing a corpse for its funeral, she was handed a bottle of Angel and instructed to spray it all in and around the coffin because it was the deceased's favorite scent. Angel, which already smells of death, follows its wearers TO THE GRAVE. 

Update 1/15:

In the six or seven years I've been heavily into fragrance I've worn just about everything. None of these love affairs have lasted the duration except for Angel, which I still have to keep a bottle or three of around as a reminder of my true fragrance identity. IMO there has never been such perfect top-down design for a fragrance in history-- there is the scent itself, which everyone knows, and then there is the perfect avant-garde marketing emphasizing the danger of wearing such a polarizing scent ("Beware of Angels"). There is the ironic name, which acts to throw off the consumer's perception of the filthy scent in the way that the homoerotic Le Male bottle draws both camp homosexuals and the cartoonishly masculine. A large part of Angel's appeal to me is that it manages to alienate both fragrance snob bloggers and the average consumer that wishes to smell clean; the former with its ditzy image and popularity and the latter with its intense evocation of filth and sexual raunch. It's a difficult muse and varies wildly from day to day and in different weather but that's part of the fun; sometimes you feel like sticky syrup at the bottom of a trashcan and sometimes you feel like a pristine Arctic wonderland. I wear it year-round because when you love it, nothing else will do. Mugler has done well in the last two decades of Stalinist industry regulations in preserving Angel; of course it's not as extreme as it once was but it still smells terrific, like itself, and has that medicinal shock that keeps the cult addicted.
positive A few months ago I gave this a thumbs down and wrote the following:

At first I just loved Angel but it is a scent one tires of quickly.  I also smell it everywhere I go so it has become a little ordinary.  I haven't worn it in awhile so I think I might just get mine out and give it another go.

Today I give it a thumbs up.  I did get mine out and wore it.  I fell totally in love again.  It just smells warm and comforting but at the same time very sophisticated.  I would love to talk about top notes and bottom notes and silage (which is very good) but this perfume is all emotion to me and a good one at that.  I will definitely be wearing it more often.
positive Cotton candy and caramel combined with armpitty patchouli and musk, in a bizarre tango that shouldn't work but somehow does. Masuline and feminine in equal doses; works just as well, and smells just as raunchy, on both sexes. The definition of a "love it or hate it" scent: if you love it, you REALLY love it, and if you hate it, words cannot express how much. Inarguably a must-sniff for patchouli fans, gourmand groupies, and anyone who's ever wondered what a cotton candy body spray would smell like on a porn star after the director yells "Cut!".
positive One of my perfumes of my mid 20's. Loved the candied bergamot so much, bought it here and in Paris (a little cheaper at the time). But another trip to France, I was schooled on Molinard, which I'd seen at home, but ignored. But there was Nirmala in a lovely old fashioned, blue bottle. Very much like Angel, but the ingredience smell of a garden in Grasse. It's interesting to find variations on a similar scent theme.
positive What a daring fragrance! It is not a secret that Angel is not a traditional feminine scent.  However polarizing it is, I find its gourmand strength to be particularly suited to a crisp fall evening. The vanilla notes do not burn off as easily, and I always feel particularly warm wearing this scent as I wander the rainy, foggy nights. Angel is rich, complex, and unabashedly decadent - like a earthy red wine. I find it is easier to pull off Angel after having washed my hair in a light vanilla-scented shampoo. It enhances the patchouli, vanilla, and jasmine notes.
positive love it.  Always end up going back to it. People will know you're in the building when you wear it. Not for the faint hearted
positive Love it-works with my chemistry! There is nothing like it period. That said it's not safe for enclosed spaces or office wear- it can overwhelm its environment! Incredibly original statement fragrance ( nobody wears it in this neck of the woods ).
positive Minus burnt rubber, it smells very close/virtually identical to A*Men; just weaker. This is what I first thought of Angel when I smelt it.Angel is a demonic patchouli and chocolate scent that befouls its neighbors but blesses the wearer. It accosts your friends while being your only friend. It greets your with warm cookies and leaves everyone else in the patchouli brush, pricking every single one of their limbs so as if to say, "HELL YEAH!" in a overly dramatic tone.This scent is so polarizing... it makes me love it for some reason. Please, for the love of any deity, wear only a spray of this. It can really ruin someone's day.
positive I went through a bottle of this beauty quickly. It's perfect for any time use. It has a pepper, caramel, citrus quality that won't offend the office in daytime, then shape shifts to a musky, patchouli dark chocolate suitable for nighttime wear. The scent blends to you and becomes your signature. It was noticed by noses wherever I went. In dance class, women stood close to me and marveled at how good the room smelled. The only problem was, my husband didn't like it and found it overpowering. I agree with a review above in that the name Angel, which connotes something light and atmospheric and dreamy and pure, isn't right for what this is. It's sweet, yes, but there's also a darkness to it.  
positive Angel - on the overwhelming side, but let's face it... it's delicious.  Angel got me interested in A*Men and the offshoots like Pure Coffee, and I'm grateful for that.  So that led me to checking out the Angel variants, specifically this years 2010 Sunessence Bleu Lagon.  It's an effervescent masterpiece of an interpretative angel infused with a sparkling fruity/citrus top end, and far better constructed mid/base without the cloying honey drenching of the original.  So, thank you Angel for leading the way to this years version - it's a big time keeper.  
positive You simply can't go wrong with Angel. Being one of the most popular and well-known fragrances in the last 20 years, Angel still manages to stand out in a crowd.This is a delicious and very unique scent, the first of its kind. It's sexy, dark, mysterious, sweet and memorable. Surprisingly quite controversial, it seems that you will either love or hate this fragrance. I personally adore it and love wearing it especially during Winter or on a night out on the town.When I first apply Angel to my skin, I get a very distinctive mandarin note. This mandarin is fresh, juicy and raw, smells exactly like the actual fruit. Minutes later Angel begins to smell like gingerbread men and vanilla, I can even sense a chocolatey note, but perhaps more like a mug of hot chocolate rather than a block of solid chocolate.I find it difficult to control my sweet tooth when I wear this fragrance. I feel compelled to walk straight into the nearest bakery and buy every sweet pastry I can afford.Don't be fooled by the name, Angel is in no way innocent and heavenly. Demon would be a better suited name for this scent.I suggest that everyone try this at least once in their life because like Chanel No.5, it is quickly becoming a well-known classic.
positive Never thought I would like this scent - or rather, never thought it was for me. It sounded just too gourmand, heavy and foody for my liking, not to mention it's thought of as a 'loud' fragrance (referencing Luca Turin), and one of the first fragrances I ever owned was another 'loud' fragrance that I was never able to pull off, Gucci Rush. A salesperson offered me a sample, and I do like it. I find it rich, but not heavy (unlike Organza Indecence), and I feel more comfortable wearing it than I thought I would. When I first spray it on I can't stop smelling my wrist. For me the best part is the early stages though, with all its rich delicious gourmand notes. Then Angel dries down to a dry masculine patchouli base on me, and it was this stage that elicited a comment from my mother that I smelled vaguely of an old man.
positive This is the finest fragrance ever made. I have been waiting to review it for a year now, thinking I'd somehow find words to describe the finest fragrance ever made, but I can't. So this is my review. It's the finest fragrance ever made. And it isn't sweet. Not to me. It's dry and crazy. And really unique. And it changes all day, and it lasts. And everyone loves it on me. It's the best fragrance ever made. It was given to me as a gift - how do you like that? Who figured a person could randomly give a surprize gift of perfume, something so subjective. Yet here's my review. I am a perfume junkie, it's what I hoard, it's what I love - and this - It's the best. 
positive This is a fierce cold weather perfume. Strong patchouli, chocolate and vanilla that wears like an edible massage oil. It's great on my woman, and when I come home late from work and smell this, I get really, how should I say, hungry. There is nothing coy or shy about this scent. While this may have been worn by everyone when this came out, I just don't smell it around anymore.
positive While initially strangely herbaceous and reminiscent of weedy smells, Angel brings the words fruity, rich, sweet, and powerful to a new level. The period after the strange herbaceousness smells like a rich fruit compote with chocolate cake in the oven next to you. After that, it descends into a carmely, chocolaty, rich scent. Patchouli makes a feature in the end, letting you know that's what has been making this so interesting all along. Lasts on my skin over 24 hours. Crazy.
positive Jeez I love this scent!

When I run into a woman wearing this, I am at an immediate loss for words and rationale thought. This is kyroponite to what little machismo I may have.

Seems to be a very polarizing scent. A lot of negatives in here proportionate to the positives. I nevertheless find it intoxicating. I always get a bit of the cotton candy scent and some patchouli, but never the chocolate.

When I smell Angel in a crowd my heart beat quickens and my head spins until I find the source. 
positive As we all know fragrance smells different on each person so the idea of a signature scent is really rather funny since we already have our own scent and perfume just adds to it. Poor "Angel" she has unfairly been label a whore when a saint is really what she is. It's peoples misuse of her that has tarnished her good name. Angel was new and different and ready to be loved and loved she was. Then the imitators begain to appear talk about "whores" and very cheap ones at that. When I wear Angel I feel very happy and those around me feel happy. So I will continue to wear her and defend her honor. May Angel live forever!
positive I tend to favor sweets over florals and Angel dances along one hell of a scent spectrum to satisfy everything I want in a fragrance.  Angel starts out dark, intense, and sexy, then shifts to a lush sweetened fruit, and then finally settles into a dessert-like treat---I can't say enough to explain how wonderfully complex Angel is.  I wore it many years ago and for whatever reason stopped...  I've taken up with Angel again recently after this hiatus and love wearing it, especially because the staying power is strong and I only need a small amount to last almost the entire day.

negative My gran wears this, bless her . She's diabetic and loves mirangues. It smells like diabetes would if it had a smell. 
negative Angel” is the scent of powdered sugar, the inside of an aluminum orange soda can, patchouli, and raving rabid homicidal bee froth. It is the fragrance the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse would wear if the Four Horsemen were War, Pestilence, Death, and Tooth Decay. It is the scent of a terrible emergency, and no one should ever smell it. I need to borrow several thumbs down to fully rate this.
negative no need to buy it. To recreate Angel go to a bar and tip a pina colada down your front. Cheaper and more fun.

neutral Recently, a flight attendant walk passing through me. Long before we're crossing each other, she was reeking this stuff and I can sense it clearly..

Im not sure if she wear the man version or the woman version.. But one thing for sure, it definetely overapllied and bombed the entire plane as she walk around it..

Giving around 3 second of : aahh i wanna bite you, honey

than several minutes hangover of : ughh i can't stand it anymore, please go away, i'm begging you

Well I think it's quite good if not overapllied. Otherwise, you're becoming an active nuclear radiation everywhere you go, reeking this stuff.
neutral I am late to the Angel party, and I think that I should have stayed home. My first reaction was "Lolita Lempicka minus anise". Actually, this is a strawberry sundae sprinkled with patchouli and topped with whipped cream. And this is the friendliest patchouli that I have ever known! I don't really like it, but I don't dislike it either. It is what I thought Miss Dior Cherie would smell like but didn't. For whipped cream, I prefer Un Bois Vanille. For a slightly gourman patchouli, I prefer Coromandel. I do like the strawberries, but I doubt that I will be in a strawberry mood very often. Having said all of this, you must give Angel a try just for the novelty of it all!
neutral The star-shaped bottle is very gorgeous, I admit. But the name does not suit this obnoxious fragrance at all. It should be called Demon of Glutton, for the only thing I can smell in the first 2 hours of spraying this is heavy vanilla biscuit soaked in alcohol. True, it's pretty yummy sniffing my wrist, but it's also completely overwhelming. This is one of those fragrances that, if it doesn't interact with the right body chemistry, will wear the wearer, instead of the other way around. 
neutral Before I tried Angel, I was afraid of it.  I first tried Angel, and I hated it; it was burnt rubber and everything else that people on here had warned of.  Very soon after, I was absolutely in love with it and felt incredibly alluring.  I applied the whole sample soon thereafter.I never bought a bottle, but my Angel Saga did not end there.  Last summer, I took a vacation with my boyfriend to Malta.  Everywhere we went, my boyfriend commented, "what is that horrible stink that I smell everywhere?"  It was none other than Angel.  I smiled at first, but after awhile it got on my nerves and made my stomach turn once again.  I wonder, is it destined to cause such a manic-depressive response in me and so many others?  It is not sort of cliche.  Maybe if people forget about it for awhile, I can rush to buy a bottle, but for now I am in hate.  I still have to rate neutral only for that brief lusty feeling I had toward it.
neutral I first tried Angel during its UK premier at Harvey Nichols in London. As well as the usual testers, and free samples of fragrance, you could help yourself to Angel flavoured chocolates, which were delicious. I thought Angel's sugary, chocolatey notes were wonderful. I immediately purchased the 15ml Glamour Spray (which looked like a smaller version of the Angel stars, with a silver band round it's outline, and a silver cap, held onto the bottle with a silver chain). I think this has now been discontinued. The Glamour Spray cost £89, and was refillable.I soon discovered that though I loved Angel that has been sprayed on a card, or on someone else, on me it a pineapple note develops, which overpowers everything. I gave my bottle to my mother; on her it proved an even worse disaster, developing a cat urine smell, which would not go away. Angel has come along way from its premier, and is now one of the most commonly smelled fragrances, and is sold everywhere from department stores to discount hypermarkets; it is by no means exclusive.All said, though I cannot wear Angel myself, I will sometimes smell it on someone, and it has turned into the beautiful crisp sugary chocolate concoction I remember smelling at its premier. 
neutral I loved it for the past few years...lately I find it cloying whenever I put it on..and am looking for a replacement. I still like my L by Lolita Lempicka and used to wear Coco, Opium Obsession - I like the oriental end of the spectrum....I wish Fendi hadn't discontinued Theorema!
neutral I think Angel was the Opium of my generation. I remember reading about it before it came out, and there were quite a few of us desperate to get it... it was a topic of conversation... there was a buzz.  And getting it meant a special trip into NYC from suburban CT, as it was only going to be available at Saks. It really didn't matter what it smelled like, because by the time I got to that counter, I had been dreaming about those notes (chocolate... in a perfume!?), and that gorgeous blue bottle, for so long, there was no way I was going to be deterred at that point. And I actually loved it. I thought it was AMAZING!  And everyone else did too. Initially. And then sadly, after a year or so, the whole world seemed to be wearing it too. And too much Angel, as we all know, is not a good thing. I hope a younger generation will rediscover it at some point in the future, and it will take its place amongst the greats of all time. But in the distant future.
positive Surprised I haven't seen it mentioned before. But this to me, smells almost exactly like vanilla coke.

The tobacco in this smells quite similar to the tobacco note in pure havane. 

I find it to very project well but never feel overbearing.

Overall very nice, will always have a decant. But doesn't justify the full bottle for me 

positive I fall for this every time it touches my skin: the smell is so wonderfully seductive it reminds me why I fell in love with fragrances in the first place. 

Intoxicating dark sweet opening, big opening of vanilla and big blasts of tobacco in equal measure. The large overture dies down rather quickly and becomes more subdued, woody-honey-chocolate backdrops dance around adding to the yin and yang of sweet and dark.  Coffee-tonka comes out a bit as well in the base as it dries down.  The sweetness of the vanilla dies out as time goes on and this becomes much closer to a gourmand 

The common complaints:

1.) Some may find this a bit linear: it doesn't have the depth of more niche fragrances.  However, it is perfectly blended and smells so smooth that in my eyes that this isn't a weakness. It does what it does, and it does it well: it's a scent of dark-sweet sensuality.

2.) The scent is too sweet and cloying: and I can understand this complaint during the initial blast. However, the sweetness very quickly dries out and that blast of sugary vanilla becomes something much, much darker almost instantly. For 95% of its life, this has a dark sweetness. 

3.) Another slight, and the one I somewhat agree with, is that it has below average longevity: 2-3 hours on my skin of decent projection, then a skin scent for a few more.

The headliner of Tom Ford scents, a definitive staple of every fragrance lover. Perfect for any time, but best for cooler nights and formal occasions. Pure excellence.

9.5/10
positive It's a heads up battle between tobacco and vanilla for dominance... Thick , rich , sweet and syrupy...kudos to the very realistic tobacco leaf that pops out here and there...a very fine fragrance , just a tad too sweet for me... I like my tobacco fragrances a little more on the unsweetened side...this is almost like a gourmand tobacco...has that chewy mouthfeel effect...i'm good with just finishing my decant...
positive 'Tobacco Vanille' is the silent killer who never speaks but always looks impeccable. His stance says everything. Wearing a triple black ensemble, the top of his dress shirt is unbuttoned showing just enough skin to be enticing but he is not interested in impressing other people. Not a hair out of place, looking dangerously sexy while smoking an expensive as hell cigar, his right ankle sprawled around his left thigh/knee cap as he looks around the grand ball room calculating everything. Eyes like a predator awaiting his prey... in the most literal sense, he is an assassin, trained in an Italian Intelligence and Security Agency since birth, his next victim is Noir de Noir as she discovered something she wasn’t meant to. The opposing party needs to take her out and who better to do it then their top agent TV. You really don’t want to mess with him, but to those who are personally close to him (which is a handful of people) knows that he is one of the sweetest people to be around. But even with his dangerous profession you can’t help but feel so drawn to him. Like a moth to a flame. He smells so inviting, as he stalks into the darkness of the night getting ready to capture NdN, he leaves a heavenly spiced eggnog trail and it tantalizes your senses. 

 This is what I envision when smelling this. 

positive This is the best niche fragrance I own and have tried. This is what sexy smells like. This is what sex should smell like. It is seductive and mysterious. It projects well and longevity is great.

Well worth the spend - hell yeah. 


p.s. unlike most, I don't get into the notes, etc. It's all there for everyone to see on this site as well as other places on the net. I'm not a pro, just a novice collector.
positive Probably one of the best, if not most controversial, of Tom Ford's tobacco-based Private Blend EdP's.

The incorporation of cacao powder alongside the vanilla always struck me as an ingenious idea; the inherent sweetness of this tobacco-y oriental becomes richer in character by notes like that, as well as deft incorporation of spices, dried fruits, tobacco flowers, tonka, and woods.

This one lasts a really long time on me, and it has a great deal of sillage that requires a steady, disciplined hand in applying the right amount on the skin.  Dark, heavy, and richly aromatic, giving tobacco lovers a well-made option of a scent.
positive There are many dupes of this fragrance, some are going for high end designer prices, having tried a few myself I really don't think any can come close to the exceptional balance of tobbaco vanille. After the initial spray it all seems a bit over scrambled for me, I get every note listed all at once with a prominent clove smell that dissapates ..after 10 minutes the magic really starts to take shape. Rich rolling tobbaco appears that feels laced with a touch of honey, dried fruits keep things from going too syrupy this is the perfect balance. Then for a rare occasion I am greeted by a stunning vanilla, vanilla is a note I don't crave for, but not in this creation, it's smells plush and addictive. When every note is revealed you are left with a linear tobacco/vanilla combo with little whiffs of spice. This is real luxury stuff and a 50ml bottle may seem expensive but I'd expect a bottle to last me years, incredible performance that never really goes away, especially when sprayed in a trendy beard. A match made in heaven for those weekends away in colder surroundings. When this first came out it was very polarizing to many people, back in 2007 who wanted to smell like a pouch of their grandads rolling tobacco including me, but now most women and men find this universally appealing, with help from the current industrial trends and programs like Peaky Blinders. Tom Ford really did show some exceptional vision with this fragrance, like the very best designers ..they are all gifted with fantastic intuition and back in 2007 it took balls to release tobacco vanille, stunning luxury.
positive Boozy vanilla, tobacco, something sweet and fruity like a plum or raisin covered in cocoa powder. 

Good projection, can get compliments with even minimal sprays, which is probably better because it can be overwhelming.

Excellent longevity.  Lasts all day and you can still smell it the next day.
positive You've stopped at a gas station in rural America and you've purchased a pack of Marlboro cigarettes. You get in your car, you open them up, and you bury your nose into the pack before taking any out. You then unseal a vanilla Little Trees air freshener, and you hang it from your rear-view mirror before driving on. Tobacco Vanille by Tom Ford.
positive I'll keep this to the point if I can:

This is a must-try! It's mesmerizing, truly. One of the most elegant, refined colognes I've ever tried. I am usually a woodsy/citrus guy, but this has made me really respect the tobacco genre. 

Scent notes are perfectly stated: starts off with a powerful sweetish-tobacco note, which calms down into a mildly-cherry and moreso-vanilla base. To my nose, those were the main parts of this cologne (which is actually of parfum strength). 

I had never tried Tom Ford before, and I couldn't afford a 220USD 50ml bottle. So, I decanted from a reputable ebayer, and am now a TF fan. That might sound ridiculous based on one cologne, but the primary thing that stands out to me is the very high quality of ingredients. You really can tell the difference between a 30USD cologne and a 200USD sometimes, and this is one of those cases. I'm sure there are similar scents out there costing far less than what Ford charges for his "Private Collection". However, you can smell the difference AND feel it too.

This cologne lasts and lasts....over 14 hours on me. And the projection isn't some obnoxious hipster cologne reeking of insecurity and need for approval. TV stands its ground but in a gentlemanly manner; if you get close enough you'll be impressed upon but there needs to be that closeness. I personally like that in a cologne - it turns the right heads if YOU wish.

So to conclude, I heartily recommend you try this. It's a masculine cologne that can be purchased for far less than retail, and stands apart from pretty much everything else out there. Perfect for cooler weather and more formal settings. You don't need to be a cologne snob, a certain age or even love niche tobacco fragrances; you just need to enjoy smelling yourself a lot!
positive When I wear this I often get 'This smells like Christmas' comments but not in a negative way, folk really love the warm, sweet, cinnamon smell and the incredible enveloping density, but not in an overbearing way, this frag has.

Performance seems to be a bit of an issue, with some claiming beast mode and other 'meh, it don't last for diddly' 
I'm lucky as I get beast mode with it and it easily lasts 12-14 hours and projects well for 4-5.
As for the frag, it's pretty much as it says on the tin: Tobacco leaf, vanilla, cinnamon, clove etc and warm, sweet aromatic woods. 
This is Christmas in a bottle or snuggling in your favourite PJs with your SO in front of a roaring fire, toasting marshmallows and sipping on a great claret.

Oh, and it is totally unisex, well at least I think it is, but then again you may not, but that's cool too.
positive Tobacco, vanilla, and lots of spices. Everything with very good sillage. I tried it on along with other fragrances and it went over everything else. I bought it without thinking. It became a favorite, instantly. I think it would be very suitable for men but I'm a young female and I love it. 
positive Amazing scent.  Addicting.  That simple.  First spray is overwhelming and it blossoms from there.  First choice of all the TF's, even over the Amber Absolute, 2nd choice.  
positive Starts off with tobacco and spices and then drys down heavy on the vanilla. Imagine a pouch of rolling tobacco with several vanilla pods left to brew for a week. I also get a kind of aniseed smell. VERY manly. I once got told by a woman while wearing TV that it was the manliest of manly fragrances she had ever smelled. Totally over the top but so good for those special occasions. 

I always find it quite strange when people complain about this being too sweet!! It's called Tobacco Vanille right? Vanilla is sweet. It also has notes of Cocoa & tonka?? Why would you not expect this fragrance to be sweet? It was never meant to be a dry harsh tobacco. Come on guys!!





positive A true beast of a fragrance that lives up to every bit of the hype and considerable accolades.  The others have described it beautifully, so I won't try to add to that.  I will say that this is one of the very few fragrances that I can imagine will ALWAYS be a part of my arsenal.
positive Best fragrance in this genre. Initial impressions on first spray were negative, but the dry down is a beautiful sweet honey, vanilla, cocoa and tobacco olfactory experience that is both alluring and addictive. 
positive It's that signature combination of chamomile, honey, and cedar that creates that pipe tobacco humidor smell.  It's just magic and despite being copied hundreds of times over by now, it arguably smells most at home in Tobacco Vanille, flanked with spicy cloves and sugar-frosted vanilla and a big glob of ash.

Honestly, in the ongoing battle of tobacco and vanilla perfumes, while Tobacco Vanille is the Godfather who sets the standard, I personally prefer Kilian's Back To Black, which places more focus on the honey and pushes the marshmallowy vanilla to the background.  But despite my personal preferences (I'd much rather smell like honey than marshmallows), Tobacco Vanille still deserves a hearty thumbs up.

negative This scent inspired me to begin my journey as a fragrance enthusiast, so I can't turn against it completely, but I've fallen out of love with it and would no longer recommend it. It now seems unpleasantly thick and waxy in a "scented candle"-y sort of way, with the best elements of the composition tucked away beneath the vanilla.

In 2007 it was undeniably original, a bold evolution of the gourmand tobacco that had evolved over the prior five or six years into a strong market presence. In the ensuing decade, it spawned countless descendants, many of which bested it by building compositions with more clarity and structure and intrigue.
negative Quite disappointed with this PRODUCT, which was quite expensive.

The smell is simply unpleasant...  Objectively, it's unpleasant.  This is not a preference so much as the Formulation should not be worn by people.

I sense that the 'Tom Ford' name sucks customers into buying things such as this.  Count me as someone who is regretful.  I left it for the Hotel Cleaning staff when I checked out of a stay in London.

negative I find this nauseating. The sweetness comes over very synthetic to me (that doesn't mean it is). Tobacco Vanille tries to be inoffensive, mainstream. I wouldn't downvote for that. But after wearing this for an hour or so, I cannot stand it anymore - too linear, too sweet, too synthetic (for lack of a better word). Try Amouage Journey if you like Tobacco.
negative You're a Vape Bro and you favor gingerbread cookie flavored vape juice.  

neutral This one rates as neutral to me. As mentioned by others, the dry-down is really not too great, especially when compared to others like Versace Dreamer. This smells to me like those vanilla black and milds, and it gets much much sweeter smelling throughout the wear.

Also noting: I'm not sure if this is just a tobacco frag thing, or if this is Tobacco Vanille in general, but...: I've noticed that a lot of people, men and women, tend to complain about the tobacco smell. *I actually get "anti-compliments" from women on this one, from those in the 25-mid 30's range, so keep that in mind.

The only thing that keeps this from being a thumbs down, is it is sometimes soothing to wear this when I am alone/at night alone. It was really close to being a thumbs down, since this is a heck of a lot of money for something that I will not really wear in public..
neutral Thumbs up for the 2007 version: very beast mode, 1 spray lasts 12 hours with longevity and silage, 12 more as a skin scent.  Sweeter, but not too heavy.

Thumbs down for the current version:  too heavy, tobacco leaf is too prominent, just smells cheaper or has less craftsmanship.

Either way, it is linear and can be cloying.  For my money, I'll take vintage D&GPH, vintage Dreamer, or try something else.  

Poor Tom, he tries soo hard.  But he never can make it across the finish line on his own team.  He played much better on other teams....
neutral It’s the quintessential smoky vanilla, but it gets a bit over powering, and there are plenty of more subtle and alternatives now that offer something a bit more interesting, be it with a more floral, spicy, or woody vibe. Hemmingway, odd fellows bouquet, eau duelle, tabac rouge, aramis tobacco reserve, pure Havane, and, of course, Herod, to name a few.
neutral Smells like pipe tobacco and vanilla. Pretty realistic pipe tobacco thing, which I like. A bit of booziness and a backdrop of, ?leather? It says woods, but smells akin to leather to me. But that is me analyzing. Really, in the air it is probably just vanilla pipe tobacco. As it dried it smelled better. The pipe tobacco seemed to stay true for longer than I thought it would, it didn't unravel. I like it, not love it.  The composition seems somewhat simplistic.  Some get crazy performance, others poor.  I feel like my experience was closer to crazy.  It wasn't the hardest projector, but was clearly smellable on my skin for 8 hours without having to bury my nose.  On a full wearing I would catch wiffs every now and again, which is fairly ideal.  On top of all this, it is stupid expensive, dropping its grade to a neutral.  
neutral Tobacco Vanille (2007) is among the most talked-about of the Tom Ford Private Blend selections, and came out of the original lineup which also spawned Noir de Noir (2007) and Oud Wood (2007). Out of the intial Private Blend wave, Tobacco Vanille has the largest hype monster stalking it, which has certainly proven lucrative for Tom Ford, since many of the sales accounting for this one's success are from blind purchases, and for many this is not just their only Private Blend, but their first Private Blend, and also their first Tom Ford. There are even those for whom this is their only Tom Ford fragrance, even over the more-accessible signature range, proving the effectiveness of word-of-mouth advertising. Tobacco Vanille was also composed by Olivier Gillotin, a perfumer with a good portfolio and frequent Tom Ford collaborator, but also known for some strange and ineffectual fragrances for houses like Dior and the dubious Ed Hardy. Gillotin's heavy hand with gourmand and oriental notes works well here, but you have to like that sort of thing to find the appeal in Tobacco Vanille. As another hype monster on the tip of everyone's tongue, this one doesn't live up to the "endless compliments machine" description it's fans give it, but neither does Tobacco Vanille come across as disingenuous like hardcore niche fans who oppose it will tell you. I think Tobacco Vanille is okay, but maybe not worth the price, since it really feels like a purpose-made "smoker's fragrance" in how dense and single-minded it is about tobacco and vanilla, but more on that later. I also get a giggle out of the fact that the name is half English and half French, almost like Tom Ford just ironically uses the French language because France is such a fixture in the perfume world.

The scent opens with strait-up pipe tobacco, which shouldn't surprise anyone when sniffing. There's sort of an allspice melange going on too, and I can't tell what exact kind are swirling about, but it's very nutmeg and clove oriented. There's a tiny drop of mandarin too, enough to pull this in a sweet direction, but the tobacco still does most of the talking. Cacao joins a rich vanilla, exactly the kind one would expect in vanilla pipe tobacco, giving this the feeling of smelling everyone's uncle Chuck when he comes over to watch football with Dad. Tom Ford was going for an old English gentleman's club, but I'm not getting much of that vibe since there's no real dryness present. A boozy note surfaces in the base, but it's more like a cognac than something definitively English like gin, so once again, no dice on the mental imagery. For whatever reason, this is decidedly more French in spite of the advertising blurb. That sweet boozy note swirls around a fat coumarin tonka note, some dried plum, and a gaiac wood component which Tom Ford is fond of using. Parallels to Givenchy Pi (1998), Michael for Men by Michael Kors (2000), and Dior Homme (2005) can be drawn to Tobacco Vanille in the finish, and perhaps the later Dolce & Gabbana The One for Men (2008) took some cues from Tom Ford here. The dry down reduces the whole thing to the stifling smell of an original Black & Mild Tiparillo with hints of booze and woods. I used to smoke those, so it's not an association I like because I don't want to revisit, since perpetually smelling like you just finished a pipe is not the most comfortable feeling, especially if you no longer smoke.

The only real bit of hype that's actually correct about Tobacco Vanille is the strength. This stuff is indeed "beastmode" like all the gym-obssessed dating-app-using and GQ-reading corporate ladder "dudebr0" types say it is. But whether you're driving your Audi A4 to Gold's Gym for those "sick gains" or "kicking it my guy" with your homies after brokering a new merger, you won't need to have somebody hold your beer so you can reapply. This stuff is literally the gourmand equivalent to Joop! Homme (1989), and it's probably that very heavy tobacco, chocolate, and vanilla combo which is the cause, especially in eau de parfum form. This is sold as a unisex fragrance, but we all know that mostly guys yack to no end about this more than the ladies. It's decent, but a bit stuffy and rich for my tastes, and there are more dynamic options in this category for less, so I'll give it a neutral to be fair, but it's really just another victory for the hype monster, as sillage doesn't equal satisfaction, at least not to everyone. Best used in romantic circumstances or evenings, and cold weather. Noir de Noir is still my favorite from this line, but Tobacco Vanille would get a thumbs up for longevity and elegant simplicity if not for the cloying sillage, plus the fact that it's a tobacco scent which makes you smell like an actual smoker. Definitely sample before giving into the hype and buying, because the other notorious part about Tobacco Vanille is its often the most resold variety among the Private Blends, probably from all the blind buyers. Testing shouldn't be too hard, since Tom Ford sales reps will shove 4ml sprays of this into your hand just for making conversation with them. 
neutral Tom Ford has a taste for bold accords with retro throwbacks, that is evident throughout the Private Blends range. Tobacco Vanille is an interpretation of the ambience of gentlemen's clubs, redolent of warm, aromatic pipe tobacco. Tobacco Vanille is an oriental, centred primarily around the two notes of tobacco and vanilla. A dramatic opening of spicy, sweet tobacco, very rich and even loud, sets off the proceedings. The note of tobacco here is abstract rather than photorealistic, while clove and other spices ensure it is wonderfully multilayered. This accord softens a little in an hour, as a vanilla comes more to the forefront of the composition. The vanilla is gourmandish, somewhat crude and a bit too saccharine. While it pairs reasonably well with the spicy tobacco, it also becomes the dominant accord on my skin as much of the complexity and nuances are lost. Tobacco Vanille is fairly linear thereafter, and overall possesses excellent sillage and duration. 

Tobacco Vanille smells very sophisticated and multi-layered on a card, but on skin it can appear somewhat rough - especially towards the dry down. What works in its favour is that here the composition has an initial edge, and the chief pairing of notes complement each other. The opening act of Tobacco Vanille is immensely arresting, but thereafter it can become underwhelming in the base. It may be argued that it might be a victim of its own success: it's perhaps hard to sustain or follow up on something so wonderful. One has to agree with Luca Turin here - Tobacco Vanille is a good fragrance, perhaps as a parfum d'ambience; but a bit doubtful as a personal fragrance, especially since it lacks in abstraction. I primarily attribute my neutral reaction to the calorie laden dry down; to some can be excruciatingly sweet. 

3/5
neutral I much prefer Eau des Baux from L'occitane to Tobacco Vanille. EDB was released the year before and to me is just so much more wearable. It's more masculine and it's just not as cloying. TV is extremely well made, but for my tastes it's just too sickly sweet in the same way JPG Le Male is. TF Tuscan Leather is definitely more my style and deserves all the praise...
and then some.
neutral A very accurate tobacco scent. If you want to smell like a jar of moist pipe tobacco, by all means. Not a bad scent, just not for me. 

(EDIT 11/27/17) I’ve done a complete 180. This scent has a fantastic quality about it. Warm, comforting, a great winter scent. 
neutral This comes quite close to the sweet vanilla scent of the jar of tobacco in your tobacconists window.  That tobacco is, however, covered in artificial vanilla flavoring and doused in propylene glycol.  This also has a baby powder element that doesn't work well.  It isn't off-putting, but it stands apart from your body chemistry, like a piece of clothing.  Not worth the price, and there are better examples of this genre.
positive amazing!  very powerful, be careful for office or professional settings.  A little goes a very long way.  The only reason I don't own (yet) is because my wife doesn't seem to like it very much.  But hopefully will grow on her and then I'll do the full bottle soon!
positive From start to finish I love this scent (my wife on the other hand HATES IT). Any who some scents I wear for my personal enjoyment.  As for the scent... it is a stunner.  Strong at the start with gourmandish spices and a sweet honey like tobacco... the middle is also an amazing mix of vanilla and tobacco with a hint of tonka and cocoa to my nose.  The dry down of woods with lingering vanilla and tobacco is simply amazing.  A scent that will remain in my collection for as long as it's made (even if the price is slightly prohibitive).  Enjoy!
positive The reactions and responses for this scent are fascinating in and of themselves. I am a great fan of tobacco scents, my favorite still being the very first (R&G's 1911 Cigalia), but also love Tabac Blond (both vintage and re-formulation), Gauloise and DSH's Prophecy.

Tobacco Vanille begins for me with a burst of clove and mint, without a hint of tobacco. Slowly the tobacco leaf note sneaks into the picture, almost as an embarrassed late comer. The humidor effect seems genuine. The gourmand effect of the vanilla, cocoa and tonka bean take over eventually and dominate.

I am wearing this in winter. It does not over power me. It is a perfectly pleasant scent and I like it very much. As with all Tom Ford, Roja Dove, and By Kilian scents, the price tag does me in, so I will not be purchasing it. If you can afford it, go for it.
positive Tom Ford Tobacco Vanille accomplishes the perfect balance of vanilla, tobacco, and enough spices to keep the tobacco/vanilla blend superbly interesting from opening until its eventual disappearance.

It's superbly simple, with few listed notes, but the harmony among them suits me and so many others very well.  The tobacco and spices render it masculine, while the vanilla keeps it inviting and borderline boozy.

TV is among the top performers of the Private Blend line and it's in rarefied air among the likes of Noir de Noir, Tuscan Leather, and of course, Amber Absolute.  Projection and longevity are both superb, among the best I've smelled.

Its power and composition certainly lend itself toward cold weather wearing, though the quality of the scent means that one might make exceptions on summer and spring evenings.  It's serious enough to wear for business, provocative enough to wear on a date, and fun enough to wear on a random autumn day or a holiday.

Despite many clones and approximations, there's nothing quite like the real thing, and for that reason, Tobacco Vanille might be the most worthwhile of any high-end fragrance I own.  And with great performance, the fragrance can last longer per volume.

I'm never one to buy flacons but the 50ml and 100ml atomizers (currently at $225 and $305, respectively, as with most of hte PB line) are worth splurging for.  It was love at first sniff (and this was two years ago, so I was quite late to the party) and the love remains.

If I had to own only one fragrance, it would be Tom Ford Tobacco Vanille.

If you're intrigued at all by sweet tobacco fragrance genre or the hype surrounding this, give it a try.

10 out of 10
positive sweet, sour and syrupy tobacco fragrance

an excellent fragrance that opens up with a slightly harsh and syrupy opening. the harshness is attributed to the tobacco. as it dries down the vanilla, cocao and dried fruits start dominating the fragrance while the tobacco is setting in the background and still providing that slightly harsh feel into the fragrance. the fragrance remains syrupy and sweet till it completely dries down. excellent performance. its most suitable in cold weather.

8.2/10
positive I have now worn this a few times and my relatively inexperienced nose picks up something new each time.
Today, the clove note (although not listed)was very prominent.
I do really like this fragrance, but this is very easy to over-spray, and definitely works better in cooler weather. 
positive Wow! This is one of the best openings I've ever smelled from a fragrance. I smell like the best hot wassail ever! Perfectly balanced blend of notes, in my opinion. AND, there is a coniferous brightness around the edges that just thrills my senses! I'm only about an hour in, so I'll see where this incredible opening takes me. Five hours in now and it's changed. A lot more tobacco is noticeable. Smells like pipe tobacco, still pleasant. I'm now sitting at 13 hours post application, and this still smells wonderful. I'm getting some similarities to Burberry London, which I also love. But, Tobacco Vanille smells a bit less synthetic, and has a smoother, better overall blend. I really love this frag. It was a cold, rainy day and this fragrance kept me warm all over all day and now well into the night it's still going. An outstanding job on this one by TF. Two big thumbs way up!
positive "Give me 1 ping and 1 ping only!" 

Great novelty scent.  Less is more... especially if vanilla, no matter how well done, is but a toleration rather than a celebration. More sprays for the Ladies?  Sure, but it's a cloying risk.  

There are masculine tobacco scents I find more appealing, versatile and inexpensive as compared to TV, however, every so often there's nothing quite like a spritz under that favorite baseball cap bill, thick wool sweater, etc., to accompany a walk through autumnal woods, pipe or cigar in hand and dog at my side.    

I'm only familiar with pre-2010. 

positive Tobacco Vanille is luxuriously, ludicrously rich and heavy – it smells like you are wearing an overstuffed armchair, upholstered with the most expensive materials known to man. It is famously sweet, but its sweetness derives from delicious dried fruits, prunes, and bitter chocolate, all aspects of the rich tobacco absolute used.

People complain about the vanilla, saying that it smells like a holiday candle. Hey! Point me in the direction of a candle that smells as good as Tobacco Vanille and I will buy the shit out of that. Until that happens, shut up. Tobacco Vanille is a thick scent for days when it is so cold you want to never leave the house. There is no better smell to catch for days and days on the label of your heaviest winter coat. I wear it once every 365 days, which is more than enough for one person.
positive Smells very elegant. The dry wood notes mixed with lush, sweet tobacco are fantastic. Like most fragrances, I don't smell all the listed notes. What I do smell is a very sweet vanilla and tobacco blend. The tobacco note is so accurate that it does smell like an unsmoked cigar. I notice the tonka as well and finally, a woody note.

It's very lovely and projects 1 meter at all times. It also lasts 10 hours before starting to fade.

I've had a 4 mL sample vial for more than two years and still have half left. I've gotten at least 10 wearings if that helps you imagine/judge potency.

Overall rating is easily 8.5 out of 10. It's lovely and very fall-like, but not something I reach for often, which keeps me from purchasing a full bottle. 
positive Hated it a couple of times when i tried it. Absolutely loving it after a few full wears.

The opening reminds me of "Close-up Toothpaste" (Red gel) with some cloves, mint crystals & vanilla in the back ground, the effect is balmy, cooling and clears my sinuses. 

The mid and dry down is what I absolutely love when the cloves & mint wear off making way for that beautiful vanilla with hints of musk, honey, resins & tobacco smoke.
The quality of this juice is amazing.


Longevity: 12 hours
Projection: 8.5/10


10/10  

positive Typically vanilla is synonymous with white or cream but this vanilla is not white or cream - it is a dark glossy brown. It's delicious but not in an edible way, I can't help myself from sniffing it over and over again.
My inexperienced nose does not detect a whole lot of notes, mostly smoky woods and deep, dark vanilla. Not a lot of development from top to base but that's ok with me. A truly beautiful fragrance for men and women.

Not exactly a masterpiece but definitely a quality fragrance. 
positive So I kept hearing about this one EVERYWHERE online. I decided to see what all the hype was about. I got my sample in the mail with 4 other random Creed frags that I wanted to check out. So I unwrap the bubble wrap taped around the samples (which was also in a small ziplock from decantshop) and immediately i'm smacked with vanilla. All I thought to myself was, "damn, if this is the T.V I'm going to like this (I love vanilla). Sure enough I opened each vial and it was the T.V. Very potent.

A few weeks later, I setup a date with this woman. I figured T.V would be a perfect fit on this date. So I applied it very carefully (reviews online say to be careful at this part) I spray 3 sprays on my neck and that was it.

The date went better than expected (I wish I could confirm it was from the frag) while she moved in close to my neck (probably 3 hours later) she says, "wow you smell delicious" at that point I knew this was going to be a good night.

All in all, T.V is definitely a great date night frag (when you are not going to the club) and women love it when they move in close, or at least this one did ;)

positive A masterpiece and an absolute triumph in perfumery. My all time favorite and a fragrance that marks the end of my fragrance 'journey'. 
positive I tend to have a high skin temperature that blows through fragrance, so my impressions of TV happened fast.  I got the strong but smooth burst of tobacco, fruit, and a bright, almost bitter note that almost immediately began to round out and warm up and I got a strong hit of spice.  The spice slowly wore away into the simple accord of creamy vanilla and honey, with just the lingering lilt of tobacco.  Pretty simple, very sweet, not usually my thing, but I want to be wearing this ALL THE TIME.  I don't find it to be super long-lasting on my skin, although one spray is plenty, so I feel like I want another spritz after about six hours.  I don't usually gravitate toward super sweet fragrances, but I loved Jil Sander Style, too, so maybe it's all in the blend.

positive This one smells like tobacco and vanilla. Pretty simple. Much like most other Tom Ford Private Blends, this one lacks depth and character.

But the quality and balance of this blend is just astonishingly perfect. If you like tobacco and/or vanilla, you have to smell this.
positive Vanilla and the smell of very rich pipe tobacco. Imagine walking into an exclusive English men's club in the early 20th century, complete with leather chairs, a fire and the carved oak walls and ceilings and what it might have smelled like. Imagine the smell of your grandfather's winter wool coat. This new Tom Ford fragrance defines a new type of fragrance sent that evokes these types of memories. It is a serious fragrance that balances the pleasure of vanilla with the provocative character of pipe tobacco. 
I gave a review that wasn't as pleasant as this a month ago. I had to give this fragrance another try. I smell all I'm suppose to smell, tobacco and vanilla. I personally have the private blend. One spray lasts all day. Two sprays is the max. I wish all fragrances were as potent as this.
positive An intincing, beguilling fragrance that I have grown to love belovedly. I have worn this fragrance for years and gotten nothing but good compliments from it. I starts off very strong with light tobacco, vanilla, and dark fruits; then, the tobacco emerges stronger and deeper developing around the vanilla. In the dry down, the tobacco is still there, but not as much as the middle; the ending, the rich vanilla takes over,but Dont be mistaken, the tobacco is still there from beginning to end, but more so the middle. Tom Ford's Private Blend fragrances are expensive, but well worth the money you purchase them with excellent sillage and projection.  
positive First off... There are very few Tom ford fragrances I like... Second.... I like this. It hits your skin with all the pipe tobacco you could ever want. Rich, moist, tobacco then for me it calms itself just a tad with the vanilla creeping up slightly... But for me that's it... You smell like that amazing pipe shop with the jars of pipe tobacco lining the counter... It's a very fall and winter fragrance. Wear it in the summer and you'll get that ew look from women, wear it in the winter and you'll be curling up together. Good juice, not everyone wears it so that makes it even better to me. 
positive Salutation.

A unpredictable and completely irresistible fragrance by TOM FORD.when you wear TOM FORD fragrances you have got the comment"Wow you really smell unique". Tobacco Vanille is a long lasting scent,one that is both memorable and sensual. Fantastic,Classy,Seductive,Provocative, Sweet,Gorgeous,Hot, Expensive and Luxurious.

Tobacco Vanille infuses rich notes of cacao and tonka bean over an intensely sensual base of vanilla and tobacco that makes a heady oriental scent for a man or a woman who know how to embrace their sensual side and take pleasure in the smaller details.It scents attractive to the senses. sweet and spice vnilla.i love it all you need is two spray and you ready to go.

This dashing fragrance compliments the three piece suit as well as evening attire.Tobacco Vanille is surprisingly intimte and subtle when worn on a date.if you are looking for a unique and enticing evening scent that sets you apart from all the others prevalent on the market today,then TOBACCO VNANILLE is the one for you.
Thank You TOM FORD!

Sillage?Ok.

Longevity?Interminable.

8/10
positive Wonderful fragrance being like I love this genre of parfums.  However, I sometimes get this "churchy" scent when I wear it.  I wanted something that would out do my Eau des Baux (which is heavenly), but sadly, I haven't found this with TV.
Anyway, I do love the scent and its a permanent staple in my collection and my go-to when I want to stand out from the crowd or get the "mmmmmmm what it that smell" comment.
positive Personally I love this scent. 
The opening has quite a punch, gorgeous vanilla, sweet tobacco, spices,  and to me some liquorice? 
I really enjoy wearing this, yes the initial hit mellows over a few hours but which fragrance doesn't? However the vanilla and spice lasts well. 
For those whom are saying it is too spicy it makes me laugh when so many are raving about Spice bomb. 
This is head and shoulders above that. (Have sold mine). 
A true quality dignifies the scent and it is now my favourite cologne. 
Yes you can buy cheaper stuff, but this just oozes quality and class. 
Definitely recommend for someone who appreciates a good, well balanced cologne but is prepared to pay a bit more. 
If you shop around, as I have you can get 100ml for £110.00. Which to me is worth it. Sell some cheaper scents and you're good to go!
positive I 100% agree with taint it sweet; the opening spray-on is the absolute best it will ever smell, then it fades to more vanilla, less tobacco.

I have always been partial to clean, fresh smelling colognes and this is my first attempt at wearing anything containing vanilla, and this may sound odd but I was leery about wearing something with tobacco notes, having quit smoking about three years ago.  But as it turns out, i wear this scent quite well, I enjoy it, and it's quite subtle and blends with my natural odor as the day progresses.  

Longevity is nice and the sillage is low for something that smells so good and lasts so long, the scent really stays with you.

My new favorite, for sure.  Too bad I can only afford to buy 4ml at a time, hahah!  10/10 for me.

negative I went to Neiman Marcus to put a couple sprays on to try it. On my drive home, I thought it smelled very feminine and I had mistakenly put on a perfume. The vanilla note is very prevalent and as a result, is a sweet scent. I am a fan of sweet smells, but not this one. 

Too girly for me. 
negative Surprisingly bad. I was excited for a sweeter tobacco but all I get is a too-sweet vanilla. 

I must be getting some of the spices because, when all is said and done, this reminds me of eggnog. So sad.
negative Don't get it. This sucks. Soaking tobacco leaves in vanilla would probably smell better. Maybe it is the chocolate note that does it for me. 
negative Probably The Most Overrated Fragrances I Have Ever Had!  Just got my bottle of TV from Bergdorf Goodman's, along with Roja Dove and By Killian's.  I Have Many Creeds, By Kilian's, Krigler, Clive Christian and Roja Dove.  Tom Ford and The Clive Christian 1872 Are By Far The Worst Scents I Have Purchased in the Last 8-10 Years.  However, TV does project very well and lasts a very long time.  On the other hand, I just received my First Roja Dove, Sweetie Aoud, One of The Best Scents I Ever Smelled, but doesn't last very long!!  Don't know if there is a Perfect Scent, but Roja Dove Is Pretty Close!!!!!

neutral My second tom ford trial after Tuscan leather. This is a solid fragrance but I feel for the price a little lacking. For much less price you can get some great tobacco scents i.e. Varvatos vintage which for a designer is unique and the tobacco smell goes on and on. The vanilla in this ford is rich and smooth though, like the really good stuff we used to by in Puerto Vallarta. Again, good but I lacking the zing you would expect at the price point.
neutral I've wavered a ton on this one. It gets a neutral review because I've never really disliked it, I just haven't consistently loved it. My major complaint is that, at least on my skin, the tobacco doesn't stick around long enough to provide balance to the sweet notes. I asked my S.O. what she thought an hour after I'd applied and just got a "nice, it smells like cocoa." That's cool, but not really $200+ cool.

The deal breaker came toward the end of my sample. My FiL kept remarking in amusement that our daughter smelled just like her Cabbage Patch doll. (I don't know if this was always a thing, but in the modern era Cabbage Patch dolls come coated in some kind of chemical sweet powder scent that I find pretty off-putting.) It was really strange, because the Cabbage Patch doll lives at our in-laws', and my FiL had first commented right when we arrived. 

As I'm sure you've guessed by now, it turns out that my daughter actually smelled like the TV that had rubbed off of me when I was carrying her. If $200+ isn't gonna fly for generic cocoa, I'm definitely not paying it to smell like a Cabbage Patch doll. (In fairness to TV, I don't think it shares the chemical aspects of Eau de Cabbage Patch.)

I did not find this frag to be the behemoth of projection or sillage as many have noted, either. Moderate at best, though my skin tends to be pretty thirsty across the board.

Overall, I'd give it a 6/10. YMMV with the tobacco. If straight sweet appeals to you, it's probably worth a sample.
neutral Great fragrance at a ridiculous price.  L'Occitane's Eau des Baux smells nearly identical  to TV and it costs a fifth of the price of TF.  But if you need to have the intrinsic value of owning a bottle of TF, you can feel good that it's a very nice scent.

Neutral, due to the unreasonably expensive price.

positive This is what George Bailey would have been wearing in "It's a Wonderful Life".
positive My first foray into the world of fragrances. And what a way to be initiated!

Opens with very little tobacco for me, which may be good or bad, depending on your tastes. A wet, moist tobacco, along with some dried fruit and a hint of spice (cinnamon?) backed by a boatload of vanilla/tonka. Once the tobacco quickly fades I'm left with a vanilla sugar cookie and eggnog vibe.

This is a one spray frag for me. I don't find it cloying, but it is a tad sweet, and two sprays can be overwhelming.

At times, I question whether I should have bought this as my first frag, as it's not 'versatile', but the proof is in the quality -- I continually come back to TV because it smells so incredibly good and versatility be damned. Longevity is at least 12 hours for me, and by hour 15-16 it's in skin scent territory. The next morning and the wonderful scent still lingers.

Looking for serious tobacco? I don't think Tobacco Vanille is for you. As it's blended, though, it fits me like a glove.

My first fragrance, and definitely could be my last. 9/10.
positive It was what I expected from a fragrance called "Tobacco Vanilla"  The longevity is wonderful 7+ hours on my skin, longer on my clothes...but be careful, it stains. I do notice the tobacco fade after 3 or 4 hours. The vanilla and spices in the final dry down do not come across as fake or imitation to me.   Had this fragrance been less expensive to purchase I am inclined to believe the negative and neutral reviewers would be more forgiving.  I get nothing but compliments with this. I enjoy wearing it very much for leisure.
positive For me this is a lovely, rich & sweet tobacco with a little freshness up top & a faint touch of incense. lt's very linear & soft, but never powdery or cloyingly sweet.  lt lasts around seven hours before fading out.
This does exactly what it says on the tin, so to speak, & beautifully captures that scent of vanilla pipe tobacco that l love. A little more smokiness would have made it truly awesome, but even so, it's very nice indeed!
positive Beautiful tobacco, vanilla, and cinnamon crafted into one gorgeous scent. 
Smells exactly like sugar cookies and eggnog. It's an amazing fragrance that was blind bought by me and i love it BUT more importantly the ladies love it! This is high quality stuff and a little goes a long way. 
positive Tom Ford's Tobacco Vanille is Truly a Masterpiece, heavy Tobacco heavy Vanilla mixed with spices and honey notes... a perfect sent for cold weather, absoluetly in love with it ! 
positive Tobacco and vanilla perfected, for sure.  Try layering with Eau des Baux for more distinction. Try a decant of this or Parfume de Marley's Herod or Pure Havanne to save money. A little goes a long way if you choose TV. A true classic with some score deduction for price. 4.5 out of 5.
positive I love this stuff.  I don't get any chocolate, or fruits, or honey.  Just straight up tobacco blended with vanilla, 50/50.  Just as the name implies.  Only con would be the ridiculous price.
positive Starts very strong heady and dense but gradually settles to a smooth creamy vanilla / Almond Scent.
Its strange to see no Almonds listed in the notes as there is a strong and persistent vibe of Almonds , Vanilla along with smooth and light Tobacco.

Tobacco Vanille seems very similar to Dior Hypnotic Poison to me and can be a very nice option for the ladies who like HP Dior.

I personally love smelling it on others (especially Ladies) but cant wear it, A very long lasting and sweet (in a good way) fragrance.

Feb
21
2014

positive It does what it says, the main accord is a silky and sweet tobacco aroma (the "humid tobacco leaves out of the bag" type of tobacco note) blended with a round, rich, terribly good and still not that sweet vanilla note. Smooth and colourful base of spices and dried fruits, with hints of cumin and saffron. And something balsamic which provides a pleasant sort of fresh-anisic feel. Overall it recalls the safe coziness and the unisex elegance of those narrow flavoured cigarillos (that ironically, come always in vanilla flavour among others) which are usually bought either by ladies or young smokers who want to appear cool and "manly", but still can not yet physically stand the effort and show the self-consciousness to smoke a real cigar. And that's precisely how this scent works too: it is soft and elegant, in a really safe-for-everywhere way, but also restrained and somehow tamed down, with a somehow shallow personality, and all materials are bounded in a sort of soothing anonymity - clean and sharp as a posh shop. Now, despite it may seem so, this feature (I mean the fact it's a bit shallow) is actually not completely negative, as at the same time Tobacco Vanille smells undoubtedly classy and much good: it's sweet and Oriental, but dusty and smoky enough not to end up smelling nauseating. Think of something halfway some Lutens' spicy-candied scents, Boucheron Jaipur Homme and some more "manly" tobacco scents. A bit boring and uncreative, probably, but solid and versatile for sure - too costly for what it's worth, but nice.

7/10

positive Beautiful. Rich, smooth and a little dark. Opening reminds me very much of vanilla extract for cooking with notes of cinnamon, some dark raisins, berries and even more complexity is present...leather, polished wood? Some notes I can't fathom but are interesting and delicious to say the least. Tough to articulate but I'm reminded of velvet and silk...This is top quality stuff. During the drydown, the gourmet aspect leaves and the vanilla changes to a pipe tobacco, a quality mild vanilla pipe tobacco with a touch of ash. I own l'Occitane Eau des Baux which some have said is twinned/similar to Tobacco Vanille...I disagree -  Tobacco Vanille is certainly deeper, richer, more complex and smells different to my nose. Eau des Baux for me is a more straight forward vanilla pipe tobacco and incense blend with an overall drier edge to it. I reckon Tobacco Vanille is worth the money... It is robust with outstanding sillage and longevity...a couple of sprays maximum and it projects rich and strong - and lingers the following morning.
positive I originally tried Tobacco Vanille as a Christmas gift, not knowing anything about the fragrance or how pricey it is. I fell totally in love with the sweet, deep, rich spiciness. It opens with the sweetness of tobacco and an incredible blend of mature spices...I then get a creaminess and vanilla and deep rich chocolate laced with anise and dries down to vanilla and woods. It's really hard to explain, but it is a masterpiece. When I went to purchase a new bottle, I was mortified at the price. A co-worker later told me about a pure perfume oil blend of Tobacco Vanille that she purchased online for less than $40 an ounce and I thought it would be a waste of my time, but to my total surprise, it has the same deep, sweet spiciness as my original bottle of Tobacco Vanille had. For those who want to give it a try, it is worth every penny. Chemistry and Co. http://www.chemistryco.com. I am very pleased with Tom’s Ford’s Tobacco Vanille, both in the original version and the pure perfume oil interpretation. Sjnce wearing Tobacco Vanille, I have become a bit of a perfume LOVER. I never knew the journey that fragrances can take you on.
positive Complex fragrance...

This one is not easy to describe as just "Tobacco" and "Vanilla", I find it much more complex than that. To me this opens up with a huge wave of honey. Honey and dried fruit, coupled with boozy vanilla, almost like vanilla extract. It's very much in gourmand territory, and I think people who like gourmands will like this one. It can also be quite sweet and medicinal, almost syrup-like, and that can be overwhelming (or even perhaps cloying) if sprayed too much. It is a high strength Eau de Parfum, and a little goes a long way (no more than a couple of sprays). In that respect, you won't need much of it and it's worth the price in many respects, as it does smell very well made and expensive. I can pick up some very faint tobacco, but to my nose it's overshadowed by the sweetness of the vanilla, tonka bean, and honeyed-fruits. In conclusion, I think it's worth the price for what you get. I think it can come across as masculine, but it's also wearable by a well dressed woman. I find it a little linear to begin with, but I do appreciate that it changes in the dry down and you can pick out individual notes. Overall a very very well done fragrance by Tom Ford. Try it first, but I think many will love it. Addictive stuff!
positive Rich vanilla that evolvesI received this recently, as I have been on the hunt for a nice vanilla-based fragrance. While I have Frapin's 1697, I had come across too many interesting reviews of this frag to pass it by. So, having worn it now for a while, I find the following: 1. I get a very strong vanilla and tobacco-leather off the start.2. The leather and tobacco fade quickly on me unfortunately, but it does leave a cinnamon note that I find interesting.3. The vanilla is sweet, with a hint of cherry. Some reviewers have likened it to the cherry-vanilla car fresheners that you hang from your rear view mirror. I get what they're saying, but this scent is not anything like that, rather, its more of the scent of the vanilla-cherry you get when smelling certain unburned aromatic pipe tobaccos, such as the famous IQ pipe tobacco blend.4. This fades to soft, so the sillage is low on my skin, but the scent is there the next morning, so the longevity is long. In other words, it lingers a very long time, much as my Tom Ford Tuscan Leather does, but that lingering scent is also faint as of about 2 hours of wearing it. Overall, this one evolves on me, to run through a series of vanilla variations, starting with a tobacco scent, then into cinnamon, then more of a cherry-vanilla, then just smoke and vanilla at the final gasp. Its a very nice scent, not sure if its worth the high price. However, I thought that of my TF Tuscan Leather, and that 50ml bottle of TL has lasted me over 2 years owing to its strength (a little goes a long way) and to its heaviness (strong and complex, so not an everyday frag). I foresee Tobacco Vanille being like this; strong, and not an everyday wearer, but a very unique one.Pros: Strong vanilla note, with complexityCons: Not as much of a dry tobacco as I would like, such as L'Artsan's (unavailable) Tea for two"
positive LovelyI love this, this was my first Tom Ford scent and it boiled down to this or Tuscan Leather. I think I made the right choice. Tobacco Vanille is a little more dynamic than TL I think although I will pick up TL at some point as well.This opens with a nice warm cigar-esque smell, I also think it's quite spicy at first which is later replaced with the vanilla. I have to try my hardest not to wear this all the time, once I sampled this I couldn't buy it quick enough. Is it worth £130? I'm not sure about that, it does have excellent longevity and projection which can't be said for all of the Tom Ford range so at least there is that. It's a formal fragrance and I think best suited to colder weather. It's definitely not something you can wear in a club either, way too serious.I keep this one for a special occasion, family meals, romancing the wife etc.Pros: Longevity, classy, deepCons: Expensive"
positive Struth...I purchased a sample bottle of this and when it arrived at work i couldn't wait to open it up and give it a try.. I went to spray some in front of me and then sniff the air but instead I sprayed myself straight in the face... :'( Picture a Cuban Cigar with a scent of vanilla.. 10 minutes later... Picture a smokers ashtray in their car and a vanilla scented xmas tree hanging from the cars mirror trying to cover the scent of the ashtray... omg... i washed my face twice that afternoon and it wasn't till the following morning that the scent had finally subsided... you live and learn I guess... ;)
positive A MASTERPIECE SCENT.Sex in a bottle. Period. I just wish the tobacco smell lasted longer, the opening (50% tobacco, 50% vanille) fades away after a couple of hours and you're left smelling just the vanille. 9.5/10Pros: 1) It's sex in a bottle. 2) Powerful, classic, quality fragrance. 3) LONGEVITY is AMAZING.Cons: 1) Tobacco note fades away after the first couple of hours. 2) High price. "
positive Less is much, much more	Grabbed a small sample of Tobacco Vanille from Bloomingdale's after giving myself a few sprays. I found, for me, just putting my finger to the opening of the bottle and dabbing each wrist--and if I really want a bit more projection in my hair--Tobacco Vanille is in a league of its own. 	I think men go waayyyyyyyy overboard with their expectations and analysis of scents. All this talk of silage, projection, and longevity is a bit anal. Just go to Nordstom's, Barney's, or a Bloomingdales, dress like you belong, say you've heard a lot about it, and ask for a sample. Not a quick spray a sample. Then see how it makes YOU feel. It's really that simple. T/V makes me feel like I belong in the Harvard Club or playing a round at Pebble beach or winter in Palm Springs. It gives me a sense of quiet, restrained power and that becomes the way I act. 	If I just get off on a scent but it doesn't stimulate some deep recess of my unconscious that alters my self-perception, it's off the table. T/V compels me to believe that even if I'm 20 or 30 years older than a woman, I can walk up to her and she'll be caught up in my belief that I'm someone to take seriously--again, if my suit and other adornments are consistent with the scent. It's grey flannel, wood-panelled walls in boardrooms, and private jets. That's quite a hat trick for a scent to pull off.Pros: A littler goes a long, long wayCons: Decant may be better way to go than spray."
positive Projection beast	Wanted to own a Tom Ford fragrance so I decided to buy the highest rated one without previously smelling it. Upon my initial wearing, I was taken back...this is potent, strong, and very much simply tobacco and vanilla. It actually smells like you've smoked a cigar around a cherry tree? Projection and Logevity are amazing...I don't know if it was worth the money or if I'm in love but lets see how it does in the winter. Pros: Distinct, sweet, powerfulCons: Linear smell"

negative starts with an incredible tobacco scent then goes horribly sweet ends up vanillaThis is one of the most wonderfully opening masculine scents in my opinion ! so intense , very clear tobacco. i almost rush to buy the bottle but as i tested it the vanilla became stronger until it was so cloying i actually felt nauseous. Its so sad that the vanilla is just too over  powering and horrible horribly sweet in my opinion. It projects well with great silage but honestly it ends up smelling of artificial vanilla custard powder. if this was reformulated to be less of a sledgehammer it would be a masterpiecePros: incredible opening of tobaccoCons: really really horrible after about 2 hours. "

neutral &#932;&#959;&#959; Strong!! I wouldn't recommend it to individuals younger than 30 years old. In fact I'd suggest 50+ year old men to buy this. It's very spicy and gourmant. 
neutral The opening is one of my favorite openings of any of my colognes. I love it. The problem is that it then turns into a strong vanilla scent without enough tobacco. The only thing that keeps this from being a 10 is the dry down. This is something I wish they would actually reformulate to include a stronger tobacco note throughout. 
neutral I'll start with the positives.. First off the vanilla note in this fragrance is lovely, reminds me exactly of the vanilla note in Noir de Noir and for me the longevity and projection was excellent. I applied a small amount of this (can't say exactly because it was a splash sample and not an atomizer) but it was only a 0.5ml sample and I applied around a 5th of that. It was still going strong when I decided to have a shower 9 hours later.  For me this is where the positives end, the spices in this are just completely overwhelming. When it was first applied I felt like I was getting a spicy/sweet tobacco and I was happy with it as I thought this was going to dry down into a creamier vanilla but that spices just never left the whole day, whenever I kept getting a whiff all I could think about was that spices! Just completely overwhelming and not what I was expecting. It actually ended up giving me a very sore head, it was that strong.

I actually wanted to give this a negative review when I'd finished with it but I figured that I couldn't whilst  the projection and longevity were so good. Somebody who actually likes this scent would have a great fragrance on their hands but personally I just couldn't stand it.
neutral I can very much understand the love for this.

But to my nose the spice is just too agressive, I wish it would be more creamy vanilla mixed with pipe tobacco (as the name suggests) but the spice kills it for me (I can literally feel it burning at my sinuses).

I think the cloves just went insane on my skin, and that is all I coudl smell the whole way through.

It does calm down a bit over time, but that overpowering spice is still there.

Has to be neutral from me, but I really did want to like this one.
neutral I enjoy layering TV with Tobacco Oud to round out the sweetness of the Vanilla. Very nice pipe tobacco that is expertly blended, hence the $$$. 

A little goes a long way here so buy with confidence. Neutral rating as I just have a hard time wearing this one other than on an evening with very cool weather.

3.5 stars.


neutral This is a lovely scent, however the price is far too high and amounts to extortionate. It is one of those fragrances which are worn close to the skin. Its projection id poor. Very Poor. You have to be within 6-10 inches to smell it. So maybe a Valentine frag. Having said that you will probably be short for a meal out after having shelled out for this!  It reminds me on mother making a cake and father smoking a cigar. 
neutral The opening was cinnamon, vanilla and a pinch of cherry tobacco, then just cherry vanilla and a hint of cinnamon. Lasts a long time though

I really wanted to love this but I don't want to smell like Dr. Pepper all day
neutral Opens like smokey vanilla extract, then settles into a sharp vanilla. It's not a bad sharp, and in a way is pleasant. But it's too simple of a start and end for me to want to buy it.  I don't see the fuss!

TL;DR: Too simple of a combination for me to love.  Longevity is nice, though.
neutral This is amazing when it first goes on and the tobacco is big and bold. Within an hour or two the tobacco pretty much is gone and you are left with vanilla and cedar.  That stage lasts a long time.  It's nice, but this is done better elsewhere I think.
neutral Less "Vanille" Please

	A gourmand with a couple of tattoos, Tobacco Vanille begins harmoniously enough: high quality spicy tobacco with a heavy dose of sweetness underneath.  The delicious tobacco fades too quickly, and one is left to decipher the muddled base for the remaining seven hours of the scent's life; there is some vanilla in there to be sure, along with some tonka, and perhaps some cocoa.  These notes are poorly misused in the scent, and create a sticky confection potent enough to make the pillsbury doughboy gag.



	Projection and longevity are slightly above average.



	2.6 out of 5

Pros: Great opening
Cons: The drydown is obnoxious"</p>
positive Big, powerful and sweetThis is one that I have to be in the mood for. It is big, and has a very much 1970s feel to it. It goes back and forth for me between sophisticated and raw. A cowboy college professor or college professor cowboy. The sweet tobacco begins to give way to the vanilla an hour into the dry down for me. Projection strong but not choking. I like this, but don't see this as something I would wear that often. However, the sample is still half full, so we shall see. Update: A little more time with this, and it is really great. The basic essence is the same, but as it calms down, it really becomes both sexy and powerful.
positive It wasn't love at first smell	The first time I tried it I did not like it. It took me a while to fall in love with it. As far as compliments, my daughter hates it (lol), and the girls my age (30+) and older really like it. 	In simple words, when I wear Tobacco Vanille I feel like a sexy cowboy. Love this fragrance. 	It is masculine and complex, but since not everyone loves as much as I do I would recommend to try a couple of times.Pros: Strong silage, projection, and longevity.Cons: 
positive Tobacco Vanille opens with a strong tobacco leaf note blended with some sweetness that smells like honey to me. Syrupy or medicinal, in a good way. The tobacco remains dominant for a couple of hours on my skin, then the vanilla takes over. Reminds me of rootbeer / cream soda with hints of tobacco and spices. 

Longevity is very good (not excellent), the projection is loud the first couple of hours, then it tones down, before becoming a skin scent. 

While Tobacco Vanille seems easy to understand, it is a fine perfume that every fragrance head must smell. Thumbs up!
positive This is a beautiful Vanilla based fragrance. I get mostly spices, vanilla, and woods, more so than tobacco. The tobacco note in this fragrance is very faint. I would have loved for TV to have a stronger tobacco presence.  However, this is an excellent fragrance for winter with powerful projection and staying power.
positive A very nice scent. It's exactly as others have described here. It reminds me of my grandfather's pipe tobacco humidor. It does have a nice vanilla drydown but, for me, the pipe tobacco note lasts pretty much the whole time. I didn't notice any cinnamon. I can see this as a unisex fragrance. The big drawback is the ridiculous price- I'd buy it if it wasn't so costly.
positive 50% Tobacco, 50% Vanilla at opening.  

25% Tobacco, 75% Vanilla at drydown.

Enough tobacco to flavor and spice the fragrance, but not overpowering or musty.

Just the right about of vanilla, so it is not feminine or overly sweet.

Quality notes, great projection and longevity.  Relatively versatile for what it is.

May be out of your price range, but if you have the money, this gem is definitely worth it.

9/10
positive One of the better Private Blends IMO. It starts off with a vanilla blast and the tobacco creeps up very fast. It settles down to a nice sweet cinnamon and vanilla scent with that tobacco still in there. The spices really assist this one to be a really good winter scent.
positive A Great perfume. It perfectly recreates the illusion of sweetish pipe tobacco and/or unsmoked cigars. I simply love that scent. However, the scent is not cloying or too heavy. And it is really the tobacco scent that is dominant, not the vanille. Curiously the perfumer has also managed to blend smoked or burnt tobacco scent  as well, creating the impression of the delicate smell and scnt of the cigar club of which I was member a few years back. Recommended! 
positive Aside from DHI, TV is my wife's favorite scent that I wear. Very sexy scent which is odd because I really don't consider tobacco as a sexy scent. I get Tobacco (duh) vanilla (duh) and then I get a light mixture of honey and cinnamon to round it off.
positive This is absolutely stunning. The tobacco flower and the vanilla infuse to make a dark, honey accord. In fact, when I wear it I get a beautiful cloud of honey and cocoa and its so gorgeous. During the dry down I get a smokey tobacco leaf and a chocolatey fruit smell. Absolutely unisex, the kind of scent u want your gf/wife to wear. When I wear this to the strip club, the dancers get a lil closer, and the dances last a lil longer ;)
positive Not a lot to add. Loved it when I first purchased it two winters ago. Love it this winter.
positive LOVE it, mostly.

The first time I tried this (at a store in San Fran), I dismissed it as "not for me" as it made me rather nauseous. I've recently come back to try an individual sample and sure am happy I did so! It turns out that the nausea was due to just way too much sampling. 

Upon second try, I find that I LOVE it for the first 4-5 hours... then the tobacco begins to fade and you're left with a smell that reminds me of sugar cookie dough... too sweet at this point. 

It's honestly a masterpiece... for the first 4-5 hours. After that? Not so sure. I'll update when I have more experience with it.
positive Initial thought, overrated. I tried it and just didn't get it. I revisited this the other day and wow, I must have been crazy. That sweet burst of tobacco eventually dried down but never really hid in the shadows as the vanilla crept up. Throughout the evening I kept getting hints of the tobacco swirling with vanilla. This is exactly what I wanted it to be, Warm, Sophisticated, Relaxed, Opulent. Now to justify the price. When my girlfriend pulled me close 6 hours later and reminded me that I smelt amazing, the deal was done. 
positive Fragrant pipe tobacco with vanilla and dried fruit accord. Enjoy the way the pipe tobacco blends and does not overpower the other notes. Sits close to skin but lasts all day.  More than 12 hours on my skin and tobacco leaf faded into dry sweet tobacco flower vanilla blend. I swear I can also pick up a light fresh dry orange scent too. 
positive When I was a child I went to Paris. Everywhere smelt either of Gauloises, flowers, cognac, and this incredible haunting, vanilla-cigar type smell. Paris does not smell of anything much anymore, but this scent is the nearest thing to what I remember. 

If you are heartily sick of vanilla (like me), please give this a try, it isn't like any of the usual vanilla smells out there. Also, don't dismiss it after the first spray - the honeyed vanilla tones dominate at first and you need to give it a few minutes for the subtler cedary tobacco notes to come through. 

Highly recommended, but the price is truly scary. 


positive You like vanilla, tobacco, amber and honey - here it is!  Initially I mainly get honey and a bit of tobacco, but then vanilla arrives and blends with the honey very pleasantly, whilst the amber remains in the background of this canvas. I was expecting rich,  Mugleresque heaviness, and trying it at temperatures between 30 and 97F within one week I expected it to be very cloying in the hot weather. None of that to my surprise, it was always balanced, was never cloying and, unusual for a gourmand scent on me, even displayed moments of elegance on my skin on a hot day.  At times the vanilla felt synthetic and a bit cheap, but most if the time it was a good impression.  Silage and projection are good on me, and the longevity is outstanding at over nine hours.  In spite of some occasional weaknesses, it deserves a thumbs-up overall. 
positive A masterpiece from Tom Ford house.
The notes break down is very simple but overall smell is great.
The opening is great mix of tobacco and honey and vanilla. very sweet and dark and pleasant.
At the base tobacco note is very weak in the background but vanilla and honey are still there with so delicious smell! I want to bite my wrist! lol
Very good longevity but projection isn't that great.
For the 2-3 hours you have a very good scent cloud but after that it's a skin scent fragrance!
positive That's a masterpiece. A warm and comforting blend of honey and sweet tobacco, rounded by warm vanilla. It's unisex and has a great sillage, lasting power and projection. Well, i cant describe it more than saying it's a masterpiece. 

positive If you are drawn to pipe tobacco, want to smell it all day,  but don't want to smoke? If yes, then this is amazing.  It reminds me of Yukon Gold pipe tobacco (vanilla flavored.)  Super sexy scent that everyone I know that has experienced has loved.
positive Absolutely adore this fragrance. A realistic pipe tobacco scent with a dark, vanilla dry down? I can't even begin to tell you how beautifully this fragrance performs. I have dry skin and therefore it is difficult to find fragrances that last. However TV lasts and lasts. This is one of the best fragrances I have ever purchased. It is expensive, yes. But worth the money in my opinion. It makes me feel good and brings out a big smile on me whenever I take a sniff. Very masculine too. 
positive The Vanilla knocked me for 6! 
but in a good way. Jeez i mean if you  have ever fantasised about being a vanilla Ice cream?  YES? then this is for you!

stunning and gorgeous. Please be easy on the trigger or you will kill people. the tobacco i find gives it an EDGE not a horrible overwhelming vibe.

but damn if you like Vanilla then there are no questions asked. Buy this.
positive Top:  Tobacco leaf, spicy notes
Heart:  Tonka bean, tobacco blossom, vanilla, cacao
Base:  Dried fruits, woody notes

I was eager to try this EDP since it contains some of my favourite notes.  Like many fragrances of Tom Ford's Private Blend Collection, Tobacco Vanille has a slow dry-down and an unbelievable longevity.  When I first applied, though, an intense and sickeningly cloying whiff turned on a big red light for me.  I told myself:  This one is a big no-no!  I was afraid I would reek of sweet aromatic pipe tobacco for hours.  Fortunately, about 50 minutes later, the dry-down began and the tonka and vanilla notes became a little darker and richer as the dryer wood notes started to emerge.  The tobacco remained discreet but still present in the background.  I was expecting a slightly smokier fragrance but since I love tonka/vanilla-based perfumes, I was not really disappointed.

Tobacco Vanille is ridiculously expensive but its longevity partly makes up for the outrageous price.
positive For the ones of you that like pipe tobacco with a sweet cherry note and don't despise vanilla this perfume is gonna generate a big smile on your face.

This fragrance is kind a hard to not like unless you cannot stand pipe tobacco and/or vanilla.

Nevertheless it might not be good for every occasion.
positive While Dior Homme Intense is my all time number 1 fragrance, Tobacco Vanille has one thing over it: the best example of well made vanilla in a fragrance. The name is self explanatory and yes, this is a very, very sweet fragrance; of course, that also means it's very easy to like (like a flawlessly made designer scent, with nuclear power and big price tag, but it's oh so good). The tobacco is noticeable, but it's not offensive and overly masculine. It's a perfect blend of the tobacco note along with the powerhouse vanilla note. While the tobacco is noticeable at the top the most, the vanilla soon takes over and this becomes an insanely great smelling, sweet vanilla scent, that easily lasts more than most fragrance offerings. Price is expensive for this (which is why I opted for a split of 50ml), but one spray of this beast would easily do the trick. It's simply very potent...but you know what? This might work great in the summer too! One spray of this on the chest and you will be smelling sweet and sexy all day long. Very crowd pleasing scent, very well made. If you are looking for vanilla, this is the one to try (easily beats even the upper end competition such as Spirituese Double Vanille).
positive The progression between the stages of this stuff was very slow for me last time, so I'll get through as much of it as I can today. Initially, I'd call it soda plus chocolate, with a vein of something fruit-based that provides a streak of coolness across the warm sweetness, at least for the first few minutes. I think there's both coffee and caramel, a slight nuttiness, and of course tobacco, and I actually like this phase quite a bit because I find there's enough earthiness and dust to cut the sweetness. It's a surprisingly masculine gourmand, and the soda/cola connotations here are OK by my standards because they're more like the cola-flavored Bottle Caps candy, sort of a toned down reference to cola. The overall smoothness of the mixture is rather remarkable, with nothing sticking out and the individual notes blurring into one another. Even the extreme sweetness, which might normally be suffocatingly heavy, stays restrained by the other components for now; it comes across as more of a liqueur sweetness (frangelico, kahlua, and bailey's?) than a candy sweetness. It risks being very potpourri-ish, and as much as I like potpourri, I worry that it would call to mind too many associations with your prim and proper aunt Georgina's elaborate Christmas decorations. Ultimately, the vanilla gets stronger and more insistent very slowly over many hours, and eventually ends up being a bit much for me as the earthier notes fade. A very interesting blend, but I agree that the first hour or two is what's worthwhile.

negative I don't get this scent. I almost feel sick when I smell this. Tried to give it away, but no one seemed to like it.
negative Where do I start with this? First let me say that I'm a big fan of Tom Ford fragrances and I'd been looking forward to trying this for a while. Well yesterday I found myself in Harvey Nichols in Leeds and so I gave it a go.

I'll leave it up to those with much more experience to describe exactly what notes are detectable and how they develop, but what I will say is that I found it awful to the point of being offensive. My girlfriend agreed and even made me get straight in the shower to scrub it off when we got home!

I'm just starting out trying new fragrances whilst I build my collection and I understand that Tom Ford can be a little 'out there' with his private blends. That said, I can't ever imagine it to be socially acceptable to smell like this. I've read the positive reviews with interest and am surprised to see that there's a lot of love for this on here so I guess it's a case of love it or hate it, but I will advise people to try this one before you buy!

neutral Very surprised by the 88 positive to 12 negative reviews..
I get 1 hour of Tobacco and 8+ hours of platics-y, ultra synthetic vanilla. 
I much prefer the creamier varities of vanilla, but that of TV smells like I melted a plastic toy made from vanilla and smeared it over my skin.
Projection bomb on me- NO
Longevity monster- NO, 12 hours sometimes less which is above average.
I go 4 sprays and some rec 1.
Is it a masterpiece or complex- NO
I give it a 8/10
neutral I so wanted to love this, but I am not a big vanilla fan. Sure, I know it's right there in the name and all, but I was hoping for more tobacco and less vanille!

The top notes are nice with a green tobacco leaf, spice, amber and vanilla. But after about half an hour I don't smell anything but powdery vanilla. If you love vanilla, this is your scent! 
neutral I wanted to like it... The Top Note was nice... Tobacco was apparent.  But at dry down, the Vanilla became overpowering.  Smelled like a woman's cologne... a more sophisticated "Vanilla Fields"  It has longevity, but I had to bury my nose in my wrist to smell the tobacco that I was looking forward to. Don't wear it in hot humid weather... but it would work at a church desert social.
positive I adore Hypnotic Poison and find it addictive and irresistible. Reminds me of a dark, lightly spiced, and very sweet root beer. One of my favorite sweeter, foodier scents which is not normally my go-to type of scent. Feels heavy like a rich dessert after a big meal— satisfying— for relaxing and languishing, not a daytime/workday scent in my opinion. Not as heavy and heady as Addict. Absolutely delectable!! Very long lasting as well. Can smell it on my throw pillow after sampling it last night. Have wanted a full bottle for awhile now. Awesome, beautiful bottle, too. Yum!!!! 
positive Hypnotic Poison - Dior
A perfume wrapped in an ultra-soft and smooth-velvety plucheness, round, thick and so smooth, you actually wanna stroke and hug it- extremely comfortable as it is. It delivers straight off the bat with a fresh not-sour 'blackberry on cocosnut'  tonality that quickly blows up big and soft like an aircushion. Violet-leaf, helitrope, lactonic-vanilla, indolic-jasmine on musk, and a slight smoky, clean (ceder)wood with hot-rubbery and camphorous undertones of burlap, create a very harmonious and very recognizable scent-profile full of personality and character. Extremely well blended, it feels like the accelerarion of a Bentley, effortless but very high performance at the same time. A classic.
positive Sweet almond; almost cherry-like accord.  Slight cookie spice.  Booze-like.  Sweet jasmine note.  Sweet woody note.  Spicy vanilla musk.  Girly-girl.

The almond with its marzipan-like accord, lasts for quite some time.  That, is a lovely aspect.  A definite gourmand perfume, in my mind.  Not what I expected.  I prefer the original Poison.
positive I compared Hypnotic Poison and Kenzo Amour wrist by wrist. Yes, the openings of both do share some similarity. I feel adding some rice and a little spice, the vanilla and coconut opening of HP can pass like Amour.

Then they evolve differently. HP does remind me strongly of Play-Doh. I was almost shocked to find it realisitic to that point. Might be the vanilla-almond-coconut combo? It's a little funny to my nose, though I don't think it's the right emotional response to be expected.

Then come jasmine and tuberose. At this stage, I can feel the feminity and the romance throughout the fragrance. However, I really should have put only one spritz. Two are already too much. For the subtlety of the flowers, I have to stick my wrist to my nose, while the strong powdery and sweet vanilla is still dominant and floating in the air.

The longevity is excellent and the sillage can reach far even with two spritzes. I can feel the coziness when it's calmed down. It's really a pity that I should have been more careful while spraying. And don't forget it's a very sweet vanilla scent. Just don't make the same mistake as me.
positive This is by far my signature scent.  I love how you can distinctively detect every single note,  while it blends together perfectly.  Its one of those unforgettable scents.  In a sea of vanilla frangrances,  it stands out.  Alluring,  sensual,  deep and clingy.  Perfection. 
positive I won't describe it, there are enough reviews for it. It deserves one more positive review though.  This is a long-time favorite of mine and I couldn't live without it. My bottle is from June 2002. 
positive Salutation.

HYPNOTIC POISON is One of the best Oriental-Vanilla.It is Truly all about what I Expect from This Kind of fragrances.A Warm Sweet Vanilla scent in a very Distinctive Bottle. Classy, Gorgeous,Powerful,Seductive,Feminine, Sophisticated,Irresistible,Hypnotic and a Beautiful Masterpiece.

HYPNOTIC POISON is a Perfect Illustration of Special DIOR Style and All notes are at a Perfect harmony too. A Rich Combination of Spice notes, Sweet Vanilla,Romantic Flowers and Bitter almond Makes it An Delicious Elixir of the Senses and Gives You Confidence when You walk Somewhere. The Vanilla is quite Dominant.

It is Perfectly suited for COLD weather and perfectly warming to the Heart. It is not for a Lady who is not daring Enough.Perfect for a queen in ROMANTIC moments. If you are Looking for a Head Turner or a Fragrance for Men Seduce try it you will Love it.HP is A real Magnet and worth Every penny you pay for it.

Sillage?Ok.

Longevity?Excellent on my skin.

8/10 
positive My first impression of this went something like, 'Ah, a nice & bold vanilla scent, but is it really  hypnot- ohhh. There it is!' Something in this concoction tickles the very back of your nose and gives you a lightheaded sensation, similar to that satisfaction you feel after a good sneeze. Mmm.. Sexy, dark and heavy. It's got a boozy quality, as well (I was certain it had to be bourbon vanilla before I read the notes more closely). To me, this smells almost exactly like Yves Rocher's Vanille Noire (which somehow, I discovered first). Lastly, this juice packs a serious punch - it lasts all day. Absolutely deserving of its name.
positive My bottle of the Hypnotic is old.  Like probably first-edition old.
I love it.
When I first bought it, I wore it a lot.  Even an office mate cribbed my perfume (if/when the odd chance occurs in which someone asks what fragrance I'm wearing, I tell).
Lookit: you really do not need my take on the listed notes, 'cause they were all there.
Okay.  So, anyway, what I'd like to share with you is what my old bottle 'turned' (aged) into:
only the most incredible, beautiful, jaw-droppingly gorgeous jasmine perfume EVER!
Well, that I have smelled, anyway.
So, money well spent.
I can't speak as to the current formulation; haven't smelled it/them.
positive When i first smelt poison i liked the creamy sweetness but never actually purchase it, i since then went on to other perfumes, but occasionally would go back to it and sample it feeling it felt "too grown up " for me, finally after about year or so i tried it again on my skin and loved it! why hadn't i bought this sooner! 

Its like an almond cookie/ vanilla cake dipped in an expensive wine, very creamy and milky, sweet but not overly sweet like teenager scents, makes me feel special, and has a very unique smell to it very individual, like that fact that it doesn't seem to be what everyone is wearing feels like my own individual scent ( if that makes sense) doesn't have loads of clashing elements i find with other perfumes i can just define its sweet creamy almond smell, dries down to a more powdery milky vanilla, feel sexy when wearing this. Love the bottle stands out from rest. Lovely color to it also. 
going to purchase the 100 ml next time! last about 4/5 hours on me and stays longer on clothes :)
positive review by stefly321About 14 yrs ago i  had girlfriend who wore this. It blew me away then and still does now. Sadly we split up 3 yrs later but whenever i smell that heady whiff of vanilla of HP, it takes me back to some good memorable times. A really great fragrance.Pros: lasts for agesCons: none"
positive Sexy It's a very lovely and sexy fragrance. But the key is not to overdo it. It's a very strong and sweet scent that will fill up a room when you walk in. Just the perfect amount of sprays can make a huge difference between a suffocating and annoying smell to a very feminine, sexy and killer fragrance. Everytime I wear it I get compliments, especially from men, which really boosts you up on a night out. They seem to love it. It is a fragrance that doesn't seem to evolve much. Personally, I seem to only get almond and vanilla all the way through.  I highly recommend it if you like sweet fragrances and you want to feel like a femme fatale, without feeling trashy. Just be careful with the amount you spray on.
positive Perfectly named fragrance.., delicious vanilla and almond scent....kinda smells like delicious fancy italian wedding cake. Gourmand, long lasting, sensual and sweet. Quite addictive. The  scent does have an invisible aura around you that is mesmerizing and hypnotizing. Men like this a lot. A lot of men even wear this! It can be warm on either sex.....its like a cloud of delicious scent that hovers arohnd you like an aura. Very beautiful.
positive It has been reformulated. The old version, black cap, was divine, original, sexy, unique. 
The new version is still one of my favorite fragrances: sweet, powdery, sensual, feminine and very longlasting.
The body lotion is delicious as well.
I love the sweet vanilla/bitter almond combo, the beautiful jasmine, musk and sandalwood notes.
This is a modern masterpiece.
I love it!


positive I love this. I'm a newb to fragrances and stumbled across this via Basenotes reviews. I would say it's borderline unisex, I'm a blue collar manly-man type but I find myself wearing this more and more. I thought it a little too fem for wearing out in the world...but... but I like it so much I find myself pushing the envelope more and more. When I'm home alone I apply very liberally. I wear it out now and then but only after it's settled for a an hour or two. On my skin the chocolate notes really stand out.
positive Day three of my walk on the wild side and into the shady alleys of femme fragrance. Having been placed under the spell of Shalimar and being broken by Tabu, was I man enough to take my Dior Poison?

The English expression goes 'What's your Poison?' meaning what will you take to drink, or these days what will you take to get you high?

Perhaps it's this sentiment of imminent undoing that Dior had in mind when naming this 80s fragrance held by many as a manly masterpiece and much-emulated not least by the house itself with flankers including Dior Hypnotic Poison with which I am primarily concerned.

Whilst the name vein of 'My Sin', 'Vol de Nuit' and of course, 'Opium' with their suggestions of the improper, the dissolute, the dangerous or despicable may be what is being mined here the scent itself is a much more restrained and altogether polite and well mannered creature.

It is always alarming when a fragrance carries a direct connection to a memory - mother in childhood, school bully, first kiss, first boss, first wife... But when the memory is more recent and more focused then the sensation I can assure is all the more unsettling for its precision and being freshly cut.

For that is the sensation that swept me up on encountering Poison Hypnotic.

It smells of an actual luxury hotel in a busy port on the Aegean: a Levantine city known throughout the world for the production of figs. Not vaguely, not reminiscently or nostalgically. Precisely.

This is the odour of the bed linens, the almonds in the lounge, the beautifully planted and kept gardens, the towels by the pool. This is the perfume of a vacation I took just weeks ago.

So what you say? Well, here's the rub: the hotel is the perfect reflection of all this scent is and is not. The hotel was no old world glamourous grande dame, no Ritz, Place Vendome, no Savoy.

No more was it an overgrown Alice in Wonderland design boutique behemoth. No see through second Empire chairs no fascinating and impractical bathrooms.

No, the hotel was brilliantly designed in the understated manner of the Swiss owners. A Barcelona chair here, walls covered with sleek panels of walnut and beaten brown leather, five light settings for the room at the touch of a button. Wonderfully conceived and very, perhaps all too considered.

And so it is with Poison Hypnotic: the notes are in their places parts learnt, well directed and thoroughly rehearsed. But vanilla, nut, wood, damson, jasmine all come together in a way that could, should be sensuous and dark but end up being, dependable.

This liquor is an exercise in beautifully crafted and sophisticated dependability.

Perfect in a hotel, less than perfect in a perfume.

But though perfection is not achieved - can it be without surprise, excitement, the touch of an artist rather than a craftsman? That is not to say that this isn't a solid piece of work for the scent exudes safety rather than just being safe - a sense of comfort in a world of turmoil, a fine hotel in an unknown city, unseen cashmere socks on a first date.

This safety even extends to a slight antiseptic quality - noticed instantly by a friend - the caraway perhaps? This dentist's mouthwash note is the only welcome sign that this well oiled machine wasn't created by an expert committee after months of deliberation.

Would I wear it? Certainly. Both this and Dior Midnight Poison read as male crossovers. For a business meeting or away in an unfamiliar place, for a walk across town on a busy day when I want to be contained in my own little aura of inaccessibility or at home in those cashmere socks with a difficult book.

I don't mean to sound mean, and I understand one can't have grand opera every day. 

Sophisticated, beautifully put together and dependable - ultimately that adds up to admirable, but impossible to get truly excited about.

What's my Poison? Well in this case certainly no dirty martini, not even a Manhattan and champagne would just be too flash. Let's settle on an excellent buttery white Burgundy.
positive this used to be my signature scent for about 10 years; now I wear it mostly for evenings or night. but it remains for me such a special, unique, sexy fragrance, it's like it reflected my darker side... the witch, the temptress. There's really something bewitching about this fragrance, and I could test the effect, specially on men, it makes them crazy, it's almost toxic, a sex-potion, I still love it very much, even if it's no longer as powerfull &  dense as before reformulation a few years ago, I wish I could find somewhere an old bottle! It was much better, but it's still so particular, mysterious, dark, I know I can't do without it! It's exciting, sensual, dark. probably a love or hate, not for everyone, but definitely for me, I feel it' "me" in this one! 
positive Menardo's genius on fullest display, this is a sex grenade: a modernized and de-sane-itized L'Heure Bleue without any of that one's cumbersome class. A brunette bombshell (or a blonde with dark roots?). It may be widely worn and a designer scent, drowning in the most used note around--vanilla--but damned if this isn't pure magic. The slightest breeze animates Hypnotic Poison as a slinky villainess. Cruella, the Queen of Hearts, The Black Queen from Barbarella ... all the great meanies could wear this, but at once a girl's night out cuteness keeps things barely tamed. ...Ch-ch-ch-Cherry Bomb! Suburban rebellion in torn fishnets, Cherie Currie as chainsaw artist. Hypnotic Poison's overstated naughty-but-nice angle is high camp gold: the point where saccharine almost rots and is sinister and treading the sex/death divide with the tv trope of cyanide poisoning leaving the smell of bitter almonds on the last breath. Commonly sexy but weird in a way that is very Twin Peaks. All of this for the older formula edt. The new lacks some spice and metallic bite and seems censored, but it still bests the rest of the department store pack.

negative Caraway and play-doh heliotrope. I couldn't stand this on my skin. There is a weirdness to this note that isn't appealing at all. There is a fragrance beneath this that speaks of sophistication, though it is drowned out by play-doh, a heliotrope synthesis gone bad I suppose. But really, the formulation itself also comes across with a synthetic glamour and a certain obviousness. 
It might work great on someone in their 20's, as long as that play-doh note doesn't arise. I remember that time in my life - I loved an air of sophistication, without knowing what the hell that was. I wanted something that smelled good to me, and fit in with what my friends wore. It didn't go much beyond that and I wasn't looking for complexity then.
But really, what went wrong with this one on me was that caraway/play-doh note.
negative Woody Oriental

Hypnotic Poison is one of those fragrances that dispense with the top notes and skip right ahead into their main corpus. And what a corpulent body this one is! 

Hypnotic Poison pops out of the bottle as a thick, dark, velvety gourmand with a prominent fuzzy-sweet woody base. Cocoa powder and coconut blend with a buttery vanilla to make a milk chocolate fudge of an accord. If you took A*Men and stripped it of its discordant camphor and patchouli, or pried the licorice out of Lolita Lempicka au Masculin, you’d probably wind up with something very close to Hypnotic Poison. There is a twofold implication to this likeness: first, Hypnotic Poison is very much a unisex perfume, and second, it’s a lot less complex and interesting than its masculine precursors. (One of which, by the way, was composed by the same perfumer.) In fact, without much by way of florals, citrus, fruit, or spice to temper its central gourmand accord, Hypnotic Poison comes across as unrelievedly dense and ponderous. It’s probably good if you like this sort of thing to begin with, but since I don’t I’m not an adequate judge. 

negative A very light watery almond scent - I get none of the other notes. This is one of those so airy non-scents that it adds up to nonsense.

neutral Hypnotic Poison (1998) was almost like an omen with the way it was released 13 years after the original controversial Dior Poison (1985), and sufficiently "cleaned up" the primary accord of the original to be something mass-appealing. Hypnotic Poison isn't the first flanker of the iconic original, as that honor goes to Tendre Poison (1994), but that green-focused variant didn't survive the changing times quite like the first version or this iteration, so a lot of people don't remember it. If the Jean Guichard-penned original seemed way too aggressive and out of place in a late 90's perfume market full of beige masculine freshies and sweet gourmand feminines, this new Annick Menardo-composed creation was just the fix Dior needed to keep relevant, furthered by the fact that the animalics and indolic florals in the recent new pillar Dune (1991) were almost seen like dinosaurs in an emerging synthetic era of perfumery. I'm not particularly a fan of what's going on under the hood of Hypnotic Poison, but I can understand why this equaled, then surpassed the popularity of its namesake pillar. Hypnotic Poison presents itself as a sort of bready gourmand floral with sweet bakery elements on top of a scrubbed and pared-down version of the original Poison's core. 

Hypnotic Poison is nowhere near as complex of a perfume compared to the original, but it neither does it try to be as serious. A smell almost like almond flour opens Hypnotic Poison, joined by caraway and lemon, creating an accord similar to the Dutch sugar cookies we sometimes get around Christmas time. From this very confectionery-like introduction comes sweet jasmine sambac mostly scrubbed of the indole, and a hit of an oakmoss/tonka tandem, giving Hypnotic Poison almost a Fougère-like interpretation of the signature Poison aesthetic, freed from the dark macerated fruit elements. There is something of an inferred cherry accord thanks to the almond, but once the rich base comes into the picture, the fougère comparisons fade while vanilla, white patchouli. musk, amber, and rosewood form an oriental base. Hypnotic Poison stays mostly in its gourmand lane from there on out, with the oriental riff underneath preventing the final skin scent from being too sickeningly sweet but still a bit too warm and wholesome for my comfort. I see why Hypnotic Poison was a breakout hit in the 90's, as it tapped perfectly into that bubbly "valley girl" feigned naivety that was popular at the time, and parodied by films like Clueless. Wear time is all day and although this doesn't have the frighteningly never-ending sillage of "OG" Poison, it can actually get cloying more quickly if you're within its field of effect. 

If you like almond fragrances, sweet creamy gourmands, or anything that is generally pleasant and inviting, Hypnotic Poison is your perfume. Almost at the opposite end of the spectrum from  Poison, this flanker seems to be more of the deceptively disarming type of succubus versus the dark, terrifying-yet-beautiful she-demon that is the original. The person who wears Poison wants you to know they mean business, but someone using Hypnotic Poison would rather sneak up on you after setting you at ease. It's just not a vibe I like because if you had given me a sample of this without showing me the bottle or the name, I'd just assume I was smelling another late 90's or early 2000's gourmand and would just wave it on, but this thing carries the Poison mantle for crying out loud! Still, Hypnotic Poison can obviously go places that regular Poison cannot, like to work or to casual events, but I'd still avoid warmer weather, even more with this one than the first due to the baked cookie opening. Give this a test if the old grande dame that is Poison just comes across as too much to take, although you're not getting a whole lot of what made that scent so unique here, but rather just a slightly-spicy toasted almond gourmand riding on the back of something else's reputation. It's not bad, but once again, I can't really get behind it. Solid neutral. 
neutral A sweet and chewy balsamic version which is still recognisable by the distinctive top note, but here - with the brilliant audacity of the original toned down - Hypnotic becomes less Poison and more of a gourmand 'sent bon.' Some will no doubt think that's a good thing...

***
neutral Almond and deep vanilla.  The reformulation isn't horrible but it lacks the spicy, interesting punch of the original.  Better than most of the candy vanillas on the market today, but not full bottle worthy at full price.

Lasts for hours, but on me, becomes a skin scent in about 45 minutes.
neutral I was excited to try this fragrance in the line of Poisons.  I saw many positive reviews, but for me it was too deep in the almond and woody notes, after wearing it for awhile I really became really annoyed with the smell and scrubbed it off.  I love, love, love, Pure Poison though, which is more floral and tangy with a hint of warmth. 
I can see how others might like the of the warm, almond(ness) of the fragrance, just not my style.  Definitely sample it first, I read it was supposed to have a heavy jasmine fragrance and I love jasmine, however I didn't smell much.
My mom liked the fragrance and my husband thought it was o.k.
neutral Almond and vanillaAlmond is the main top note on my skin, with caraway a nice counterbalance. Jasmine,musk and vanilla are the core of the drydown that gives it a nigh oriental character.  Three hours of longevity.  Not uninteresting and not too heavy or loud.
neutral Try before you buy!After all the talk about Hypnotic Poison, I had to try it. I am not a huge fan of the Poison line - it's not an impressive mix with my chemistry - but I love Orientals, vanillas, and most gourmand scents, so I ordered a sample. It lasted approximately 5 minutes before I couldn't smell it. So disappointing! It is also not "deep" enough to satisfy my taste, although I can see how it would be a popular scent. This would be a safe blind buy for a friend or relative who loves vanilla but already has everything; for the price, they'll appreciate it even if they already have some. Personally I wouldn't spend the money; there are many better perfumes with staying power and sillage (this has none). After 15 minutes, there is nothing left. Glad I didn't buy a whole bottle!Pros: Decent vanilla scentCons: Lasts about 5 minutes, there are better perfumes for less $$"
neutral Julie Andrews	In 1980 I was asked by a colleague not to wear Opium to work. Poison and its flankers were a 'no fly zone' as a result. Recently I asked my gorgeous 30 something hairdresser what her favourite perfume was and she said it was Hypnotic Poison. It features massively in the Basenotes thread that goes something along the lines of 'most complimented fragrance' for women. In my recent travels I have availed myself of HP at every duty free and department store counter that I sashayed up to. I can only salivate as to what the pre-reformulation brew must have smelt like, the existing nectar left me wanting more depth, more punch. It is nice though and would make a lovely gift. Not bottle worthy in my estimation, but I'm an old chypre sister. I would rather wear Lolita Lempicka, another Menardo creation, if I had to choose.Pros: Sweet, inoffensive, girl/boy from next doorCons: No staying power
neutral not absolutely horrid - but smells too much like root beer for my liking
neutral (Golden rim version)
Vanilla strikes immediately. I can't detect any fruitiness or bitter almond, but the caraway note is distinct. HP has an interesting character but it is on the heavy side and on the verge of giving me a headache. I like the warm wood note (apparently sandalwood) at the base, it kind of reminds the smell of a sauna. 
positive My absolute Favorite!!! I'm not sure how or why but when I first spray this wonderful scent on it smells just like root beer and within 5 minutes softens to a sensual, beautiful aroma. I have had more compliments, even from complete strangers, than I can count.
positive I've always been a fan of original Poison, it being my Mum's perfume of choice throughout most of my childhood; So I thought I would try this for myself. It's not nearly as pungent as original poison, and is a lot sweeter. On initial spray I found it was nothing really spectacular, but once it dried a few seconds you could really smell the warm vanilla, musk and light jasmine that seems just enough to be elegant and not gagingly gaudy or sickly sweet. To be honest I really can't stop smelling my wrist after testing this one! It is as the name suggests; hypnotic.
positive I remember testing this and liking it when it was first introduced. I recently tried it again when I was shopping and I decided I had to have a bottle. It's just a wonderful, warm scent without the overbearing sickly-sweetness that most new scents seems to have now. The longevity of this fragrance is AMAZING. In spite of the rumors this has been reformulated & watered-down, I could still smell this on my arm the following day. This scent seems to improve as it wears down on my skin, which I can't say for most fragrances. The fragrance is powerful, though, so you definitely don't want to douse yourself in it and as such it's probably best suited for cooler months of the year. So, this has definitely become one of my new favorite cool-weather scents.
positive Almonds but not too sweet, vanilla icing drydown with spice, a heady, sensuous scent for evenings or winter.  I will definitely buy this again.  But wear sparingly.  This is not a toy. :0)
positive It is similar to Poison, but more sweet than bitter, and much less offensive.

It is a distinct scent.  Though, you should sample this one, before you decide to buy it and before you decide not to buy it.
positive Reading some other reviews I think I've got the notes the wrong way round! The first strong burst was of vanilla, almost like Pink Sugar but a moment later I got the almond. It wasn't a 'bitter almond' like cyanide it was a marzipan almond. I think most scent is based on nostalgia, in this case Grandma's house. After half an hour the woods came in, Grandma's lovely furniture, the carat smell of the drawers, and the spices she kept. At the end of the dry down Hypnotic Poison stayed with me all day, with the notes changing, first the top notes the heart and the dry down in quick succession, then all together like an endless kaleidoscope. I only have the sample bottle and at the moment can't afford a full bottle. However I think Hypnotic Poison is a masterpiece.
positive In a nutshell, it's an exotic spiced almond cookie.  I love this scent and I wear it in small doses because I noticed that spraying too much is overkill.  I also only like to wear this in the evenings. To me, this is a statement fragrance that's pleasantly heavy and sensual.  I think heat and an elegantly sweet dessert laced with fondant.  My husband loves this scent, especially the vanilla base but I don't get as much vanilla as I do almond and caraway.  Even at full dry down, it's still almond.  No complaints tho!
positive   I absolutely adore this fragrance! It doesn't really smell like a perfume to me as much as it just smells like a soothing "spa" aroma. It's definitely a scent that could just as easily have been bottled and sold as an aromatherapy product. I loved it the minute I sprayed it on my arm and I continued to get good feelings from it all day as I shopped at the mall. I find that normally I feel cranky and tired in crowded malls, but the smell of Hypnotic Poison actually seems to calm and soothe me a lot. :D I think it must have been the EDP that I sampled because the longevity (on me) is fantastic and the fragrance didn't fade very fast. I've heard that the longevity on the EDT is not as good, but I forgot to read the bottle before spraying unfortunately so it might have just as easily been the EDT. Some EDTs that other people say don't last on them at all actually last for ages on me, so I'm honestly not too sure which version I'm reviewing lol! 
  Overall, I have to say that Hypnotic Poison is probably my favorite Christian Dior fragrance and I definitely recommend it to everyone!
positive This perfume is intoxicating and mesmerising. I always buy this for my partners! A friend of mine once told me that she was allowed to wear this as a flight attendant for Qantas Airline because it excited too many male passengers! I can smell this from about 25m away in a nightclub full of people. Love it.
positive 
positive They couldnt have picked a better name for this..

So full..addictive..enchanting..just irresistible

Big thumbs up!
positive If you're looking for a fragrance that has a dominant note of vanilla, Hypnotic Poison would be your best choice. The vanilla in this perfume is rich, foody and realistic, just like you've rubbed vanilla essence onto your skin.

I can't help feeling comforted when wearing this scent. When applied lightly, this fragrance is soft and soothing, only drifting up towards your nose to greet you with its scent every now and then.

I don't actually find this fragrance sexy, to me Hypnotic Poison is more romantic, casual almost. Its striking red bottle which suggests that its contents are indeed quite poisonous and hypnotising, doesn't seem to match the scent in my personal opinion. I'd describe Hypnotic Poison as being feminine, warm, friendly and slightly musky rather than outrageously sexy or seductive.

Apart from the obvious vanilla note, there are subtle hints of coconut, spices and almond throughout, which makes Hypnotic Poison more of a gourmand rather than an oriental vanilla.

The lasting power is great, yet I wouldn't have expected anything less from a house like Dior. This perfume is the vanilla fragrance that I've always wanted to find, it's actually the way The Body Shop's Vanilla oil should have smelt. A true vanilla scent of undeniable quality and appeal.


positive Hypnotic Poison is delicious.  Yes, it's totally unisex, and to me it smells like amaretto/cream soda, giving off a "Dr. Pepper" vibe.  This is a good thing, because Dr. Pepper is my favorite soda, and any fragrance that smells like Dr. Pepper is fine by me :)

As sweet as Hypnotic Poison is, I find it totally tolerable and completely pleasant, but it's quite easy to apply too much; even in the EdT form.  So, just go easy on the sprayer.  The combination of soda-like heliotrope and subtle moss is a match made in heaven.  Even if you're not a gourmand fan, you should try this one.  It projects like a beast and lasts all day for me, and I love the bottle too - straight out of a Disney movie.

Highly recommended if you've got a sweet tooth.  Annick Menardo is a genius perfumer.
positive WOW!  Yes, this at first smells exactly like root beer, coca cola and play-do.  But after about 15 minutes, the drydown is delicious!  It lasts all day, too.  My own opinion is that this ends up smelling exactly like "Warm Vanilla Sugar" by Bath and Body Works.  Very sexy, but never in a trashy or pushy way.  LOVE IT!
positive The first of the poisons I tried, and still my favourite. I bought this some years ago when I was still in my "goth" days, but even now, this is my "go-to", signature scent. More suited to winter, though I have worn it in the summer. Not overpowering at all. I feel wrapped up in almonds and vanilla, very warming and VERY synthetic, but in a good way!
positive This is my favorite of all the Poisons, although Pure Poison is a close second. It wears close to my skin and embraces me in warm cherry, vanilla, and almond notes. Definitely one of the most unique scents in my collection, and I agree that it was way ahead of its time. 

It is best in the winter, as others have said, and I can see how some may smell root beer. I actually hate root beer and the smell of it. However, root beer smells synthetic and cheap to me. Hypnotic Poison does not. That's the only way I know to explain it. I love it! :)

Jan
05
2009 

positive i love this perfume its incredibly sexy and delicious one of my favs
positive Ah -- the age old debate regarding gender classification. I can usually tell at first sniff whether a fragrance is going to be too feminine for me to wear. These usually include, twee florals, sweet powdery concoctions or the overblown, tarty ones that usually include incendiary tuberose, i.e Amarige, Poison, etc. I have worn both 'Heliotrope' from Piver and Etro in the past -- I think it's the gourmand aspect of those that I find acceptable. HP is the same as it involves that same almondy vibe  - I am surprised neither heliotrope or mimosa are listed in the notes. I love to wear it and don't feel uncomfortable at all -- I actually think it is more unisex than Midnight Poison. Having said all this, I can't imagine a GIT or Safari wearer donning this to go down the pub. More fool them.
positive Hypnotic Poison is a true Oriental Vanilla.

Soft, delicious and intense vanilla hypnotizing your sense of smell. At the beginning you may feel it a bit chemical, but after while this fragance gives you a warm and lasting scent.

Hypnotic Poison is more soft and tender than the others Poison Fragances.
positive Hypnotic Poison is a very well constructed & balanced perfume. It opens up with a nice bitter almond & vanilla accord which soon gives way to my nose a butter note that comes along & makes this a lil creamy. 

I get a nice sugar cookie scent in the beginning that makes me want to bake! But that butter note just does not go away which is fine by me, because after a hour & a half the vanilla comes along with the woods to create a beautiful cake like substance! 

Towards the end of this frag I get a somewhat disturbing plastic/glue feeling from this but it does not bother me to the point I want to scrub it off. The beginning & the middle are the best parts of HP! It last roughly 8 - 10 hours on me which is great for an EDT! Projection for me is ok, but nevertheless a beautiful addition to the Poison lineup! This can easily be worn by a man as well so if your the curious guy & you have been wanting to test this but have been scared/nervous because of the marketing concept SNAP OUT OF IT!!! Another + in the books for Dior!
positive I LOVE this juice.  From the second it comes giddily swirling out of the bottle i am completely enraptured.Wearing Hypnotic Poison is like being dangled over a huge vat of thick, honey drenched cream.  Just as you're about to be plunged into the screaming richness of it all though, up comes a bitter aspect to pull you back.  The construction is so beautifully balanced, you are constantly held at that point - staring death by sweet creaminess in the face but always just being saved.Exhilirating, narcotic, dangerous, seductive.  Grown up yet incredibly giggly.  Like having a gorgeous stranger come up to you with a glint in their eye that says "Let's be naughty".Then all is rounded off with an extraordinary creamy wood finish that brings you back to earth with sophistication and sensuality.One of the best exercises in dynamic tension I have ever come across.  Hypnotic Poison has led me to fall in love with Annick Menardo.  Anyone whose imagination can produce this beauty is quite a being!
positive Hypnotic Poison is supposed to smell like a plumy, coconut-tinted, vanillic, almond-pasty amber oriental, but the end result is a perfume that smells precisely of root beer. Any perfumer could set out to make a sassafrassy root beer scent: take a cheap vanilla base, sugar it up and create a boozy aldeheydic topnote to simulate carbonation and call it a day – but Dior skipped that and created an unintentionally genius root beer smell that captures the mysterious and nuanced quality of the soda syrup, without all the sugar.  After cruising thought the soda fountain, Hypnotic Poison enters a grand and polished cherry wood library, the smoky almond and soft vanilla humming contentedly in a leather chair.Fabulous.
positive Elegance!! Beautiful, sweet parfum. Absolutely delicious, sexy and sensual! I think my favorite poison. And the elixir bottle is just gorgeous and vintage.
positive Oh, Hypnotic Person, the only female marketed fragrance I wear without being self-conscious. It starts with a stingy blast of almond dipped in vanilla. After 20 minutes, the jasmine starts to kick-in and the magical sweetness starts to appear. It's hard for me to describe it's entire development because no words can give you a feeling of what this can smell like.It is so easy to love and I can't help myself taking a whiff of this while I write this review.
positive One of my favorite perfumes by Annick Menardo. A beautiful alluring, swirling gourmand scent of almond ,anise, vanilla ,woods. It's simply addictive ,unique -especially those top notes. Sweet - some people get strong ' rootbeer' from this fragrance . To me it's a wonderful thick almond vanilla seduction of the senses. Men go crazy for this one. Sexy ! The Elixir is equivalent to extrait and it is even sweeter than the Eau de Toillette. I prefer the EDT which seems to give a clearer sense of the character of this scent. 

negative I had high hopes for this fragrance, but on me it's terrible. Opens with a faint anise-like smell I attribute to allspice and then becomes something weirdly unpleasant...perhaps the allspice with fruit. Whatever it is, it comes off as leather + rubber to my nose and is nauseating. This lasts for quite a while before HP gets to its drydown, which is mostly sweet vanilla with some bitter almond cutting through and a touch of musk/spice from the sandalwood. The drydown is enjoyable, but not enough to offset the nose-wrinkling middle notes. 
negative I don't like hp. I received it as a present and wore it in winter. It doesn't make me feel special or feminine, it doesn't add any charme to me. And this is what I want from a parfume. But hp just gives me headache. I know many friends had the same problem. Another thing that strikes me about hp is that there are a lot of cheap copies of it. It is veeery easy to copy hp, and apart for the longevity these copies are very similar to the original!

negative I have only tried Hypnotic Poison three times, and each time it has given me an instant migraine. On me it turns into a very sickly chocolate ice cream type smell.Needless to say, it's a fragrance I now steer clear of!

neutral Sweeeeeeeeet vanilla pudding, with perhaps a pinch of cinnamon or nutmeg, & a little burnt sugar. This is much too sweet even for me; l prefer Dior Addict for a sweet-spicy kick with a dark side.
neutral I'm not usually a fan of sweet scents but this one was balanced with just the right amount of bitterness, making it not overwhelmingly sticky/nauseating. It is a tasty wintry treat of a scent, at least in the beginning. However, I find this scent to fade in an unpleasant way. Once the bitter almond fades, what is left is an overly sticky, vanilla-y mess.Love the beginning, hate the end. 
positive I can't begin to tell you how much I'm loving this magic elixer. To me, it is just simply DELICIOUS!It is a wonderful gourmand, genderless, a mixture of bitterness and sweetness. Creamy vanilla, with a slight bitterness of the almond, to me like it is like liquid honey. I am finding this one to be very irresistable and ultra sexy. So velvety smooth, like satin sheets...and somehow it just reminds me of summer at a beach, sunshine, tanning lotion, the moving waves of the water, the sand. It just is so very relaxing for me when I wear this - any tension disappears when I apply this perfume.Notes that are most apparent to me are the almond, vanilla, jasmine, coconut, wood notes, and lily-of-the-valley. Sillage is fantastic on me and so is the lasting power. I can detect the fragrance even the next day.Sweet and a little bitter, and yet neither is overpowering - more like a perfect balance to me. I believe it is perfect for any occasion and any age group.VERY sexy, and seductive, confident, classy....one word to describe this one -- BEAUTIFUL
positive Bedtime scent. I only ever wear this at night, so for me it is imprinted with shadows, skin and drowsy sensuality. One of the most luxurious scents ever constructed, awash with cream, vanilla, fruit, powder and a disturbing smudged chocolate/heliotrope quality that sweeps in as the scent melts onto the skin. I often wish i could pour this on to my skin from a great height and just laugh at the spinning, scented drama of it all.  The deep trailing almond sillage is haunting in its complexity. I discovered this damaged beauty one lonely evening kicking around a half-lit French airport, the smell of coffee and stale/sweet pastries in the air. Add a drop of night-time aircraft fuel and the colour of a bruised sky and you have a olfactory spell of considerable power. Annick Menardo is a fickle nose, not everythng she creates works, but when it does it is sensational. Hypnotic Poison, Bulgari Black and Lolita Lempicka are all transgressive stunners for adventurous boys. 
positive I can only wear this in the cool months because like Vibert says, this one comes swinging out of the gate with heavy-handed milky sweet density and doesn't quit for hours.  However, the beauty of this is that it loves to be layered, lending its rich and decadent firepower to other fragrances that open beautifully but fade to nothing or fade to awful.  
positive I cannot begin to explain how much I love this frag.
It is pure deliciousness in a bottle. So sweet and 
sexy it hurts. The perfect frag for a date, or when 
one need some loving from ones hubby ... many
men find the smell of HP irresistible, women too!
Of all the perfumes I have ever owned, this frag is
the one which has gotten me the most compliments.

This is some strong juice, though, so for Gods sake
use it sparely, otherwise you'll suffercate your sur-
roundings, as the sillage is unbelievable.

Gourmand creme de la creme, dosn't get much better
than this ... mums!

If you wanna spent the extra dough, buy the Elixir,
it'll last you longer, as it's an Eau de Parfum Intensé
(it has an added star anise note, though).

Thumbs up..!


positive Fizzy vanilla, bitter almond, a hint of rich dark cocoa... It smells so delicious I feel like drinking this stuff! But HYPNOTIC POISON is far from being overtly gourmand nor strongly feminine (I smell no jasmine); I wouldn't hesitate for a second to recommend it to those who enjoy 'fizzy frags' like Myrrhe Ardente, 1969 Parfums de Revolte or even Escada Magnetism. To them I say forget 'magnetic', go 'hypnotic'. This one plays for keeps. 
positive I only discovered this recently and it is the elixir version that  I am referring to.
Very addictive, heady, gourmand/woodsy scent that suits winter evening time
wear. Almonds and vanilla dominate but not in a cloying way. Excellent sillage and 
lasting power. There is something magical about this beautiful creation.
The perfumer Annick Menardo, who seems to have struck gold with this addition to the Dior Poison stable.
positive Hmmm, I tried it on during the past few days, although I have been avoiding it forever...I was prejudiced I guess and always associated it with something heavy, the kind a more mature lady would wear (btw, I'm 25). But, it was a surprise...a pleasant one. There is something immensely wistful about this fragrance, it's very haunting and has the power to evoke some strong emotions. Upon trying it on, I ended considering it the love child between Dune and Dior Addict: it has the strong, sensuous vanilla from Addict; and the bitter, haunting notes that I find in the drydown of Dune. It wraps around me, not letting me go for hours and hours and it projects absolutely beautifully. Dare I "commit" to a FB? I don't know yet...
positive I'm usually lazy and not the type to often write up long winding reviews with flowery language, but I felt the need to point out that this is an excellent unisex gourmand/oriental, especially in the EDP Intense concentration.Anyways, this pretty much has nothing to do with the original Poison. The regular EDT version of Hypnotic Poison, made by Annick Menardo who also gave us the wonderful and weird Patchouli 24, Bvlgari Black, and Bois d'Armenie, is a velvety bittersweet vanilla-almond oriental with coumarin, heliotrope, and some oakmoss to stop it from falling into the sweet-toothed-girl category. (Don't get me wrong though, HP *IS* very sweet, but it is so in an intelligent way and not teeny-sweet) I found the EDT to fall short and turn quite thin on the dry-down too quickly as well as being quite bland after a while.On the other hand, is the EDP Intense aka Hypnotic Poison Elixir, an EU-exclusive rework done by Francois Demachy.  (Eau Sauvage Fraîcheur Cuir, Dior Homme Cologne, etc) In addition to the extra longevity and sillage along with the original base of HP, there is added notes of salty licorice and star anise. This new element makes the scent more complex, deeper, darker, slightly smokier, and more interesting -- making it formidable competition to heliotrope-heavy niche scents like Cuir Beluga. Overall, compared to the EDT, this is much more satisfying, especially for those of us who are deep into niche territory.
positive Absolutely the best gourmand for a man. Yes, for a man. Bittersweet, enigmatic and sensual. She’ll love you for it. Intelligent application required: 1 to 2 sprays maximum.
positive Sure wish I had tried this one sooner!  Hypnotic Poison is a wonderfully wearable gourmand, with a tantalizing juxtaposition of bitter and sweet.  Although not listed in the note pyramid, there is a heliotrope like effect, maybe from combining the bitter almond top and the vanilla base...at any rate, it is slightly powdery - simultaneously soft & sharp.  Interesting.  It reminds me very much of KenzoAmour - the "inedible vanilla".   At it's heart, the jasmine and moss keep the entire potion from being too sweet.  Worthy of a test run, for sure!
positive 1. YES> I am a man!!!2. YES> I love this scent!!!3. YES> I wear this scent!!!4. NO> I never tell anybody what it is!!!5. Yes> Everybody loves to smell it on me!!!This is my secret hidden treasure....I almost didnt try to pull it off! Thanks from a pep talk from Sir Salty.....I smell amazing!
positive Hypnotic is the only one of the Poisons that I like enough to wear. This is another one of those scents that I overlooked in the past, but finally gave in and gave a chance. Hypnotic Poison is definately a cool or cold weather scent, and I only reserve it for the chilliest weather. The opening right out of the bottle smells a lot like a root beer float - not as pungent as pure sassafrass, but creamy as opposed to sweet. Apparently this is the scent you get when you mix caraway and bitter almond(?) The middle and base notes seem to sort of meld together instead of properly develop, but it's a cozy blend of musky jasmine vanilla and smokey woods, without being too dry.
positive I'm new to this one, I liked it on a friend but she practically marinated in it so was always a little overwhelming. I was also wary as I really did not like the original Poison. I have now bought some and at one squirt shared around my pulse points its beautiful, any more and I think it would be too much on me. None of the notes are individually distinctive on me just a beautifull blend of smells. My problem now is keeping it away from my teenage daughter as she tried it and fell in love! 
positive I'm a little mad now that I've tried Hypnotic Poison.  Mad at the basenotes community, mad at the fragrance world, and even a little mad at Dior.  There is no good reason that I should have had to stumble across this myself, and there is no good reason that this fragrance isn't discussed at all, or even mentioned, when discussing other greats in the 'woody gourmand' genre.  I will seek to correct this in the upcoming weeks whenever possible.  Dior shares some blame in making this gem a Poison flanker instead of having the balls (and budget) to give it a distinct name and bottle - but then again we just know how Dior love to make flankers instead of properly art directing and marketing a new fragrance (Exhibit B: Dior Homme Sport).  Perhaps if people didn't associate Hypnotic Poison with it evil older sister Poison it would be more successful and well known.Anyway, I came across HP when I realized Annick Menardo is the perfumer of many fragrances I really enjoy.  Lolita Lempicka, Body Kouros, Jaipur, Oriental Brulent and even Boss Bottled (the one and only decent Boss fragrance, IMO) are all in the oriental/woody/gourmand style I love so.  Reading the BN reviews I started seeking out an inexpensive bottle and sample, but Dior didn't make it easy as HP isn't in all the malls and it's quite pricey for a designer flanker.HP starts of with a thick almond/honey accord.  The fact that the almond note is bitter keeps it from ever becoming too sweet.  The fragrance meanders with touches of vanilla, amber, woody notes, and florals while all the while retaining the bitter almond accord that acts as the backbone of the fragrance.  As with other Menardo fragrances, HP is never a full gourmand because there's enough going on that has nothing to do with food, but the effect is a fragrance delicious enough to want to spread on ice cream, just like a gourmand.  The base becomes musky as the bitter almond slowly fades out, replaced by a woody/amber.  Not a woody/amber like every crap men's fragrance these days has an Iso E Super woody/amber, but a real wood notes and amber notes base.There are those guys who will insist anything with a gourmand note or that comes in a feminine-marketed bottle cannot be worn by men.  This is an unfortunate viewpoint for these guys because they're really missing out.  HP is a fragrance that would be sexy on a woman but equally unisex and interesting on a guy as well.  I haven't played with it long enough to judge sillage, but longevity is pretty good, about 6-8 hours.High recommendation.
positive I had the chance to try this at the store on a test strip. I was a bit perplexed that it somewhat smelled like a sunny day at the beach to me. Suntan lotion,sweat,hot dry air and all I could think of was BEACH. Then...the very next day I went back to the same store and put it on my skin...OOOO AHHH Vanilla! Bam! what a beautiful scent. It was insanely yummy. Lasting power is great also but I can say this is one you'll have to be careful with as to not overdo it. I think a little goes a long way. My 11yo is asking me to buy it for HER!  lolI would recommend this as a FB purchase.
positive I bought this as soon as it came out after smelling on a scent strip.  Absolutely irresistable.  Lo and behold, my body chemistry dealt it a smart judo chop turning it into something no one would want to wear and sent it packing.  I continued to pick up the bottle and sniff it because it is so heart breakingly lovely, alluring and sexy.  Eureka, I now spritz a little on the light bulb in my bedroom which treats it far more kindly than my body does.  Not that I'm recommending it as a room spray, it deserves too much respect for that, but at least I still get to enjoy it occasionally.  If you can wear it, I'm jealous.  Very sexy.
positive My two faves-- Hypnotic Poison and Lolita Lempicka original-- smell like nothing else out there.  I wore this briefly in my early 20s and have come back to it almost 10 years later.  It adds je ne sais quoi to my work wardrobe as well as jeans.  Comfortingly sexy, warm, distinctive.  Definitely a cool weather scent.  A spray on each wrist lasts a good 8 hours-- lucky me!  
positive I love this fragrance, it lasts ages on me and is so so yummy!!I only gave it 4 stars though because some people don't like it and it's not very friendly to others
positive This is my all time favorite perfume; it's simply great, I liked it from the very first moment I smelled it [this doesn't happen too often] and in my opinion the best from all the 'Poison' collection. It's unique, sexy, oriental...it has everything it needs in order to satisfy a woman's tastes, and not only. And, another important aspect, I don't really have a problem with its longevity, it lasts pretty much on my skin, even though some of my friends complain that it fades away fast. Anyway, all in all, I love it, I'd clearly recommend it.
positive I should begin by saying that about a year ago, I could NOT stand this scent!  But, I had only sniffed the spray nozzle and spritzed a piece of paper from the mall. No, no, no, no, no. That is not the way to smell this fragrance. Just recently, I felt like trying this out on my skin because of all the rave reviews and also smelling it on a friend.  That compelled me to give it a whirl again, but this time I tried it on my skin. I misted my wrist from a good distance, and immediately it smelled beautiful, very alluring scent! Yup, it was the Hypnotic Poison that I had just sprayed. Wow, who knew? I let it sit for about 10 minutes, and sniffed my wrist. One words: HEAVEN. This is one captivating scent! It is a vanilla scent, but not your typical sugary sweet vanilla scent. It's not foody at all. Very mellow and deep. I think the bitter almond note tames the sweetness of the vanilla. If you spray too much, you might get a root beer and playdough scent from it, but if you mist it, and then wait, it should begin to work very well. It's a bit pricey though. The 1.7 oz retails at $56 and the 3.4 oz is I believe about $78. It comes in an interesting red, apple shaped bottle with a black, rounded top. You can't really see how much fragrance you have left, so that's a slight downfall. Although I like heavy glass perfume bottles, this bottle truly suits the scent it holds. Lasting power is AMAZING. This will last you all day and then some. I would go very, very, easy on the sprays. Too much will certainly ruin this fragrance and make you and others sick to their stomachs. 
positive This is by far my number 1 fragrance for women. It's vanillic sweet, soften with a touch of almond and jasmine. The almond  and moss scent appear to be a bit leathery, taming the wild sweetness of vanilla and jasmine accord. Well blend and longevity is superb!
positive As a man I don't like women fragrances (maybe it's supposed we like them when women wear it which is still not the case...) however so far there is only one fragrance which can instantly turn me on and make me want jumping on the woman wearing this and that's Hypnotic Poison. Respect to this scent!
positive I got a decant of this last year and didn't much care for it.  I don't know what happened, but I sprayed some on my wrist tonight and WOW.  Maybe my body chemistry changed, but this is just lovely.  It's definitely a fall/winter scent full of spice.  The vanilla isn't overwhelming (I'm not much of a vanilla fan--its always smells on the cheap side to me) and is pleasantly offset by the woody notes.  I'm buying a bottle this week.
positive Sprayed Dior's Hypnotic Poison from a sample.  Can I break out of analysis mode and just say, "mmmmmmmm"?Yummy almonds, vanilla, cherry, caramel, burnt sugar, cotton candy, salt, soft wood, and maybe some patchouli...so far. I get a little bit of a sweet latex rubber note (or play doh, depending how you perceive it) similar to what I have smelled in Burberry Brit and Gaultier2, but not as strong here. This is a far cry from Midnight Poison (which I sprayed and almost immediately scrubbed a couple weeks ago).I am getting some floral notes now--not sure what, but white floral, it seems. If it is jasmine, it is a very clean version. It could also be ylang ylang, and possibly a touch of rose since it seems to be a little bit spicy. What a pretty gourmand this is! Rich but not overpowering, feminine and well balanced.And it just hit me that it reminds me a little bit of Chanel Coco, but mostly from what it evokes for me when I smell it rather than any similarity in composition. I think it might be the almonds--the note is penetrating and astringent, bitter and sweet. This same "bite" is in Coco, and I love it.  In the late drydown, it is reminiscent of Kenzo Amour.

negative Let the hypnosis to the wizards, please. This woody-oriental, bitter-sweet blend of almond and coconut, very addictive for many young women all over the world, reminds me a bit Heliothope Etro (far, far better appointed and with a right level of sweetness) resulting nevertheless to my profane nose too much sweetly flavoured by vanilla, too much pretentiously glamour, too cloying, too exaggeratedly gourmand, be lacking that ethereal and mysterious delicacy towards which this kind of fragrances would have to aim in order to be valued appreciable. The caraway provides projection, a bit of dissonance, and dustiness. Being lacking boldness and naughtiness, not proper to gourmand fragrances in my opinion, being lacking of evocative power and failing, despite the jasmine sambac, the attempt to catch the train of glamour and chic, what is left for us is a bowl of coconutty sugar, a vanilla pudding or a stand of sweets standing in a popular religious mediterranean feast. To be worn sparingly because of its atomic projection. Not for my taste.
negative I love the idea of this scent, a dry and spicy top with heated woods and sweet spices hitting immediately, warming a feminine jasmine and oakmoss heart.First whiff from the bottle I thought "Wow", but had not finished that word in my mind when I realized I did not want this on me. But finally I gave it a chance on the skin.It fails completely and utterly. The synthetic and harsh woods collide with an overwhelmingly sickly sweetness and the result is offensive, flat and uninteresting. Hypnotic Poison is like a cheap copy of a perfume I would very much like to try. Since then I've smelled it on hoards of women and sadly the impression is always the same, it doesn't seem to adapt any wearer. 

neutral Almond cookies frosted with coconut-scented sunscreen. Not horrible, but a bland, linear, and very banal gourmand riding on a vanillic tide.What does this have to do with the original Poison!? That's only thing mysterious about this fragrance
neutral Spiced almond woods. Interestingly gourmand but really not that special to me. Slightly resinous and has the same wet textures as foudn in the other perfumes Annick Menardo has done namely Lolita Lempicka and Body Kouros. Just a tad too nutty to really like a lot but would be great for a lady that like the warm scents for the cool wheater days.
neutral I'm really not sure about this.  My first thought was that I have dryer sheets that smell very similar, although not as strong.  My second thought was that it was stomach turningly sweet.  I am sitting here a little sick while it swirls around me in such a cloying way.  That was two little squirts from a sample vial!  I know so many people love this and I think I could see this working well for some one else.  I can see how it could be viewed as yummy-it is very gourmand with the powdery almonds, vanilla and all.  I'm sure after it drys down a little bit I will enjoy it more.  But right now I am fighting the urge to go jump in the shower.      
neutral This was my first fragrance that I purchased mainly because I fell in love with the bottle and thought that I fell in love with the fragrance. Alas, I wore this for a week and then was forbidden to wear it again by friends and family.  It was just too synthetic and overpowering even with one spray.  It makes me think of the witch from Snow White.  She would wear something like this. Something rich, enchanting and evil.
positive I was having a lily craving this spring so I ordered a couple of lily scents to compare. This one takes the cake, as far as recreating the experience of having a vase full of lilies in the house.

It does a great job emulating the sweet, heady, almost tactile scent of lilies that can completely take over a space. It does not achieve photo realistic likeness; but uses other flowers as well as a spiced, sweetened vanilla to create that luscious, thick, full bodied scent that typifies lilies. Smelled side by side with the real thing, the opening of Malle's Lys Mediterranée comes closer, but in overall feel, Lys 41 is my favourite.


positive smells so natural with florals blended beautifully.tuberose make its presence known with a light musk, then all is wrapped in the arms of soft vanilla..
positive This is beautifully made and more complex than I had given credit at first sniff. 

This is all about lush, warm white florals. Each one gets the opportunity to have olfactory dominance at different times and I'm in awe of how perfumers do that! Lys 41 opens with large lily, then tuberose bleeds forward and after that I get a creamy warm and woody jasmine. This jasmine is lovely and tropical, not of the "cat urine" variety. 

Sillage is moderate to soft on dry skin and longevity moderate (7+ hours). 

Overall, it's a beautiful anytime fragrance. Sincere and elegant. She's the girl next door that you very slowly realize that you've fallen in love with.
positive I like Lys 41 for the reason that some reviewers don't like it - It's got a simplicity to it.  It's not really simple at all, with all sorts of well balanced florals coming up for air.  From one sniff to the next, sometimes I smell the lily, while other times I notice the tuberose or the orange blossom or the jasmine.  It's soapy and the lily has some grit to it, while indoles make sure Lys 41 doesn't become saccharine.  

That being said, I can see how people could want to smell this as the centerpiece of an aldehydic chypre, as opposed to just sitting here like a loud bouquet.  But I enjoy it for what it is.  Not everything can be Joy or No. 5 - there's plenty of room for a perfume like Lys 41, which is closer in spirit to big 80's florals like Giorgio Beverly Hills or Estee Lauder.

positive A lovely summery floral scent - very sweet the first seconds, but quickly a balanced and much less sweet blend of tuberose and jasmine develops.  In the  drydown a lily starts to blossom, and in the base wood is added - but the overall impression of a delightful summer floral remains. Adequate silage and projection with an excellent - for such a scent - longevity of over five hours on my skin.  
positive Shiny White FloralThis is quite a simple but stunning white floral composition. It's character is light and very slightly shiny metallic ( which must be the lily and musk thing going on my skin ) . I would go so far as to say it's a creamy beachy type scent. It's beautiful . A clean white floral ,non indolic, beachy scent with an ozonic type element to it. I think minus the jasmine and tuberose - this would just be one of those clean ' linen' type fragrances .Lys 41 has that  airy ,salty -sweetness  ,solar thing about it- salicylates ? If you love Malle's Carnal Flower- this is a good alternative. Also if you love Diorissimo - the new EDP version which has tuberose  - this is a good alternative as well. Love Lys 41 ! Pros: Beautiful White FloralCons: None !"

negative You're drinking a Vanilla Coke in a blooming garden of white flowers in the middle of the woods. Lys 41 by Le Labo.
negative It opened with a sickly sweet floral and dry down was no better.  Although the scent was very pure and not in the least chemical, I found it cloying to the point of having to scrub it off hours later after giving it a chance to settle .

Silliage was medium and it's incredibly long lasting and was quite strong hours later.





neutral You know what this smells like? Sleep. And I mean that both because it’s a terrifically boring scent, but also because it is so yawn-inducing it becomes fascinatingly soporific (that cozy, intimate, and obviously terribly pleasant feeling you have just before falling asleep). So in the end, not a completely negative kind of boring. Almost a creative take on it. Anyway, Lys 41 is basically a really simple, graceful and quite plain white floral scent with a woody-amber base and sweet-dusty nuances, with also something that reminded me of suede, but I guess it must be the musky note. Don’t think of anything too powdery or sweet, it’s rather a delicate haiku played on creamy-woody notes, as much pleasant as a bit dull and plastic. The evolution if basically non-existent, but the persistence is good and the projection is unexpectedly quite sharp. On one side, you can smell here the peculiar way of Le Labo of playing around common accords and notes with a sort of “modern” and kind of suspended, ethereal, aseptic treatment: but also, I think they sort of “crossed the line” a bit with this, meaning that the mild, “lunar lab” discreetness becomes just more plain dullness here. Or well, just this close to it. A synthetic candy worthy a try, but nothing more in my opinion. I completely agree with deadidol’s take on this!

6/10
neutral A blubbery little thing of no immediate distinction, but one that represents lilies (a floral that doesn’t smell that great in nature) quite well. There’s a bunch of vanillic tuberose and a backgrounded gasoline jasmine, but the cumulative effect is an inflated ballon of white florals with some textural character. Too many sprays of this one and you’ll be gasping for air, so be warned. 
positive Very well done. Didn't think the Jasmine note would work well the other notes. I stand corrected. The coffee note in this is a plus. 7.5/10
positive I don’t feel it resembles Opium in any way, but it does resemble the floral gourmand fragrances on the market, with a beautiful -is it wine?- twist. It makes me think of a sweeter and cheaper version of Noir de Noir by Tom Ford. 
Great performances. 
positive Southeast Asia is one hot mess.. Literally.

With all thay humidity, dust and smoke from the traffic it is impossible even for an oil based perfume to last for at least 3 hours.

I am impressed with Black Opium. I did not intend to buy this, I was looking forward to get a bottle of Hypnotic Poison but it's always out of stock in the Philippines.

I have this sort of body chemistry that when a perfume is heavily floral or fruit based. The smell changes in an unimpressive scent. I am a vanilla base note person.

So, at first all that blossom, pink pepper and jasmin will hit you. Surprisingly I did not smell any coffee it just went straight to what I am looking for.. That pleasant vanilla scent. And sticks I don't know but I'm sure wearing it for.more than a week.now and I work from 8AM to 8PM at worst and it's still.there! Sweet vanilla scent and very delicate &#128077;&#128077;
positive 
This scent starts out with a wind of white sweet florals and pear with a pinch of pink pepper. Very ‘good girl’ or ‘goody two-shoes’ 

Then it spirals down into darkness of night and seduction. 

In the middle notes there is a heat of incense and woods, mixing with the fading florals and dying pear 

As it dries down it becomes an almost Marshmallow fluffy vanilla sweetness but the smell of the woodsy incense lingers behind it.

I can see where people get the sugared and creamy  coffee  in this, but I don’t per say detect coffee, it’s not acidic or bitter but rather a sugary treat. 

The longevity and sillage on my skin are impressive, people know me by this scent and I get compliments often. This has become a signature for me. 

Side note:
My man wears Nuit de L’Homme Intense by Saint Laurent daily and I think the two Black Opium and Nuit de L’Homme compliment each other well. 

positive Fell in love at first sniff.  Distinctive coffee and vanilla smell that I usually fall for.  Not too sweet or overpowering  and it lingers nicely.  
positive I have to give this a neutral because I expected more from YSL.  I won't give a comparison to original Opium; there is none.  It is as though YSL wanted to jump in, on the "Sweet Style scent" bandwagon.  

The first hour of wearing I get vanilla, pear, jasmine, and orange blossom.  Too much vanilla for me.  After awhile I detect bitter almond and licorice which makes it easier to live with.  Then finally when this has settled on my skin I get nice cedar and cashmere wood.  

In summation, it comes off as a cheap-girl scent for a couple of hours.  Then it begins to show more promise as a scent, recognizable as an offering by the house of YSL.
positive The notes in this are mostly synthetic it seems, but still.. it had good lasting power and sillage. The notes are coffee, white flowers and vanilla. Drydown is wonderful; slightly woody although I don't sense any patchouli (mentioned by a previous reviewer), but this is NICE ....real  nice. All you need is about 2 drops
positive I've never tried the original Opium and I usually don't go for designer-name fragrances, but was so pleasantly surprised when I tried a sample that I decided to buy a bottle. Although it's commonly recommended as a winter/evening fragrance, I think it's a pretty versatile scent. It's sensual but doesn't scream "sex bomb". Floral but not "flowery". I was looking for a scent that was more refined than what I typically go for but not formal. I love the patchouli and orange blossom notes. The white florals are probably why so many people think it smells like a lot of other popular fragrances out on the market right now. But unlike a lot of other popular fragrances, this doesn't give me a headache and I like the spicy/woody notes that are probably a nod to the original Opium. 

The scent typically lasts about 4-6 hours and I love how the scent evolves on my skin the longer I wear it. When I sampled it for the first couple of wears, I don't smell very much of the coffee notes but I definitely smell the vanilla. But then when I bought the bottle, I could smell a little bit more of the coffee but it wasn't strong. I've read some reviews that say it smells like a Starbucks. Again, the coffee is just hanging out in the background and almost undetectable to me. The smell overall is not acidic. It is an uplifting sort of fragrance, but the spice/wood notes mellow it out. Overall, I would recommend as a versatile feminine fragrance with warm sensuality.  
positive   This is nothing like the original "Opium." The only thing it shares in common is the name, and really, this one belongs to a completely different fragrance family! It's primarily a mixture of black coffee, sweet smelling flowers, cedar and patchouli, making it kind of hard to categorize in fragrance families! Initially, when I first sprayed it on, it reminded me of "Feminite Du Bois" by Serge Lutens, and it does have some similar qualities to that scent. "Black Opium" is much sweeter though, and also has an almost edible, gourmand Christmas fruit-cake quality to it as well, at least to my nose, and on me, it does! Some of you might think that sounds horrible, but to me, I have to admit, this is one of the nicest smelling perfumes I've ever had the good fortune to come across! Like the Serge Lutens fragrance, this one also seems classy and chic (to me.) Like the original "Opium" it shares it's name with, it also simultaneously seems warm, sexy and sensual at the same time! It's definitely a great perfume, and I highly recommend trying a sample, or trying it at your local department store or Sephora today, if you haven't yet! I think it's really worth it!  
positive My wife just purchased a bottle of Black Opium for the fall-winter weather.  I like the orange blossom, dark chocolate and jasmine notes in this and it seems to hold up very well in terms of performance.  The spices, vanilla and patchouli provide a further gourmand base effect, which reminds me of a warm winter drink.  A slightly plummy coffee note over a dark chocolate and vanilla bean.  It's a good cool weather scent, but my preference is still for the deeper, more elegant Tom Ford Black Orchid.  Black Opium will still do well in more casual activities of holiday shopping, house decorating and running about with our kids.  Thumbs up for me.

negative The floral top notes have a synthetic-generic sweet vanilla undertone on my skin that is quite unpleasant and not helped much by a rather indifferent coffee note in the drydown.  The base with its cedar-patchouli again is fairly generic and unexciting. Silage and projection, however, are good and I get five hours of longevity, but overall this is a very disappointing flankers to someone who like the original quite a lot. 

neutral This smells lovely and unique on me; lots of pepper, vanilla, and patchouli with that hint of coffee. It has good sillage (projects but inoffensively) and longevity too. However! I've noticed Black Opium changes so much based on your individual body chemistry, more so than many other perfumes I've tried. On my mother, it smells just like super sweet berries with a hint of something bitter. It's not bad by any means, but it's not what it smells like in the bottle or on me. It smelled much more generic on her. That's why I'm rating this as Neutral; it's really important to test this one out beforehand to know what you can expect. 
neutral Black Opium has a strong heart,  what coffee can do for a cheap scent. Black opium has heady everything, forming the illusion of  an intoxicating scent,  but really-just resting on its laurels.  A bit. Nonetheless,  its top notes are fun and fully sensual, almost naturally grounded by the warmth of vanilla,  patchouli and cedar wood. The result interplay is the beginning of a night on the town.  Nice enough of a story for  Black Opium's composition. 
neutral I was so disappointed with this perfume. I was so exited to try it and them when I did I couldn't believe just how weak it was I was expecting an explosion of sexy scents and instead I got absolutely nothing
 I could barely smell it on my skin......the best thing about this perfume is the advert on television....how misleading that advert is. Nothing sexy about this perfume what so ever. Never mind
neutral This warm, woody vanilla reminds me of a cross between CK Reveal and EL's Modern Muse Rouge.  It's nice, but it's not Opium, black or otherwise.  Starts off strong, and rather promising with pepper off-setting the sweetness of the vanilla.  Too soon, however the drydown becomes a familiar musky sweetness that, despite the promise of coffee, is rather bland.  
neutral  Black Opium is supposed to be a "Rock 'N' Roll interpretation" of the original Opium (that rich and storied, often even reviled work of art). And surely it is, at least, for those of us who, when asked who first comes to mind when hearing the phrase, "Female rock legend," says, "Taylor Swift."

  This is neither terrible nor original. It is soft as cotton and has no edges. It has mass appeal for the younger generation who grew up in cities and have no idea what real plants smell like. It is Yves Saint Laurent desperately hoping they can stay current and that no one will notice that the superior Belle en Rykiel was released a full eight years before Black Opium. So it's not a terrible thing, but come on guys- it took four head perfumers to copy something that already existed and repackage it for gullible youths? What happened to the firm that gave us Cinema and M7? Don't give up on yourselves just yet.
neutral The subtle, "fruity/aeriform" (lot of pink pepper indeed) and almost linear YSL Black Opium (apart a faint spices/patchouli veined shy background) has almost nothing to share with the higher and far more complex Vintage Opium (darker and hypnotic for real) having indeed more (conceptually and not only) in common with such juices a la Cavalli Nero Assoluto (which is worst), Chanel Coco Noir, Lady Gaga Fame or Maria Lux Deeply. The central accord is in my opinion afforded by a combination of spices (pink pepper and saffron, probably cinnamon), orange blossoms/jasmine, honey, musky vanilla and coffee. This accord is kind of plummy (such orange/plum/apricot/orchid/jasmine sambac like.....alias mostly galaxolide mastered), warmly floral, aerial, balmy-cosmetical and sweetly spicy. A note of dark coffee is well connected with patchouli in order to provide a dark raw undertone despite coffee plays anyway mostly a rounding role (side by side with tonka)  in my opinion and the aroma sounds not properly dark. The dry down is softly vanillic, still fruity and musky under my nose, nothing in common with the great mystic complexity of its really spicy-oriental predecessor. Synthetic, boring and almost candied. Nothing new under the sun guys. Rating 5/5.
positive 
The opening of mint/apple plus a touch of lemon is exceptional and hangs around, eventually giving way to some vanilla in the drydown. I had no preconceptions of Eros going in and was pleasantly surprised. It does strike me as youthful and a good upgrade choice for young men looking to smell classier than drug store body sprays and fragrances. I consider it small bottle worthy and will likely consider repurchase when it's gone. It is a scent that is fresh enough for spring/summer and rich enough for fall/winter. Good for the office if not over sprayed and definitely indicated for date and club use. Thumbs up. 
positive A remarkable fruity and crisp apple with cooling mint at the beginning, and then the appearance of aromatic Tonkabean and the alluring sweetness of Vanilla.
One of the best creations of Aurelian Guichard.
positive A beast mode fragrance, minty with incredible performance! 
positive This is the scent that got me into fragrances. I never bothered learning about them prior. My friend just smoked a joint and I picked him up to go to the gym. He had then just sprayed something on him. It smelled sweet and fresh at the same time, it was amazing to me. I asked him what it was: he told me, "Versace Eros". Showed me his 1.7 oz bottle. I immediately bought a bottle when I got home later that night. I knew nothing about how popular it was or when you were supposed to wear it, but I loved it and still do to this day. The mint and apple in the opening is beautiful to me and the slightly woody vanilla in the sweet dry-down is addictive. I don't really like overly sweet smells in general, but this kind of sweet if you don't over-spray is a really tolerable enjoyable amount. 

Longevity of my batch from 2019 is great, I find that the consistency of both the old and new batches carry and maintain a great longevity, for me its always around 8-10 hours. 
Projection is WELL-above average for a edt. Its great and definitely will project and get you compliments. 

Scent: 9/10
Longevity: 9/10
Projection: 9/10
Versatility: 7.5/10 (I love the scent, but I don't think I would wear it as an everyday scent, you probably could though as depending on how much you spray)

Recommend? YES 100%
positive This scent thoroughly flummoxed me - through two edits, I started an annoyed neutral, went to an outright thumbs down and now I'm back to a thumbs up with some caveats. 

The best way I can describe this fragrance is to compare it to a Roald Dahl book - it's a big friendly giant. There is nothing subtle or understated about it, especially in the base which is big, boorish and sweet in an endearing way. 

For some reason, the first night I tried this the tonka, ambroxan and vanilla were utterly overwhelming and that formed a negative impression I've struggled to recover from. It was unseasonably hot, so that could have been the impetus for my initial ire. I also really struggle to pick out the cedar notes, which is seriously disappointing to me as I'm a huge cedar fan. 

Having said that, at the right time and in the right setting, this is a lot of fun. Two sprays only for clubbing or date night, especially in colder weather. 

It's a shame the opening doesn't linger a bit more, as I found it to be bright, lively and on the pleasantly sweet side - the dry down is heavy and heady, which normally isn't me at all, but I've come to appreciate this for what it is. 

Given the fair price of admission, thumbs up. 
positive The overall impression is of candy floss. The mint and lemon keep things bright and lively, but when combined with the Tonka bean and the vanilla, the effect is delicious. Not classically masculine in the least, but very appealing to the younger set in the way that sweet, fruity wines are. Ambroxan (Venezualean?!?) is the synthetic version of ambergris, which that keeps the base salty, oceanic, and lilting. Geranium gives it zip, and a wan cedar serves as the anchor. Oakmoss and Vetiver? Can’t find them in there. This fragrance is all about the initial impression.

*This was a daring composition because it is essentially a gourmand for men. Only one other commercial men’s fragrance that I know of which managed to pull this off- Givenchy’s Very Irresistible for men. It became a cult classic but was not generally well received on account of its Thin Mint cookie note, and was quickly discontinued (whilst the more classic woodsy rose of the women’s version marches on to this day).
positive I am trying to compare apples to apples with another fragrance Le Male Ultra Male. Seen a lot of reviews on these two before I added both to my collection. Both have the same idea in terms of idea. Eros is a beast when comes to initial projection and keeps that mode for quite a while and smooths to creamy and less sharp at the end. Le Male is balanced to be not sharp but smooth right to the end. Eros is very sharp right on first spray. May have to be the apple that gives it that vibe. I have recieved compliments on both however Le Male is more seductive in nature. Both are great for out doors however at work, if you chose to use Eros, limit your spray to a max of 2 as you may cloy others. I have it in my good list as I enjoy these scents.
positive This one is another one that shouts out “LOOK OVER HERE!!”... especially in the opening. The 1st stage bursts out with vanilla notes, and definitely calls out for attention. When it mellows into stage 2 its a sweet, proud swagger that women absolutely love. It’s an absolutely awesome frag, but it’s not for everyone.
positive I liked this fragrance when I tested it at the shop where I purchased. When I got home and wore it, I was confused. Was it too minty? Was it too strong? Am I too old to be wearing this? Then after a few days, I settled into it and now I really like it. It smells better to me after the dry down, when it mellows out a little. It's a nice scent and I will be using it frequently.
positive It honestly was only a matter of time before the house of Versace also jumped on the ambroxan/norlimbanol bandwagon of male fragrances with synthetic ambery woods bases, as dictated by the always trend-setting Chanel (for better or worse) with their Bleu de Chanel (2010) penned by Jacques Polge on his way out the door. Versace has always been one step behind everyone else in terms of male compositions in the perfume industry (where trends are concerned) after the unfortunate passing of Gianni himself, since he often was hands-on with these because he wore them himself, and Donatella let the company sort of run itself for quite some time after his death, particularly with male-oriented products because she had no knowledge in that area. Every now and then something quirky comes down the pipe to keep us interested, and Such a scenario was the case with Eros (2013), a fragrance seemingly built up from the work on Versace Blue Jeans (1994), but perhaps improved with the removal of the powdery core which I find too annoying to ignore. This is Donatella's first hands-on with a masculine fragrance, with Aurélien Guichard tackling Eros as it's perfumer, and since he's becoming something of a house perfumer for Robert Piguet, I imagine he was on loan for this work. Eros feels to me like a marriage between the ambrox-powered "blue cologne" smell established by Bleu de Chanel, and the sweet semi-oriental synthetic night club tones of Paco Rabanne 1 Million (2008), merging a cool opening and warm base with a Hell of a lot more sugar and spice. Something like this combination suggests would make a fragrance which appears deceptively fresh upon first noticing, then grows rather warm and smothering quite quickly, but if it's meant to pull double-duty in both the office and the club, a lighter hand can prevent it from being the "beastmode" projector that it otherwise can become. The gorgeous bottle in which this is presented merges the color schemes of past flacons, like the aforementioned Blue Jeans, and the Medusa-head motif as seen on bottles like Versace The Dreamer (1996), with a Greek frieze-style patterning along it's sides. Even people who hate this stuff love the bottle, and I can totally get why, as it pretty much screams "VERSACE" at you from the counter. 

Eros opens with mint, lemon, and green apple, all of which I can detect and which hearken me back to the 90's when these notes were more common among masculines. The fruity sweetness countered by the citric bite and coolness of lemon and mint respectively is particularly 90's inspired, and is where my mind makes a connection to Blue Jeans, with it's "citrus cocktail" that's basically a mojito in disguise. Eros also follows with geranium just like Blue Jeans, but where these two differ is in the development past the top and part of the middle, as the powder tones of Blue Jeans are excised to make way for tonka and ambroxan which both are unusually early to arrive in Eros. This uncommonly rich middle phase is the direct result of using what have been base notes in most other scents as heart notes in Eros, but that comes with a price: this stuff really blows the doors off compared to it's other ambrox brethren. Dior Suavage (2015) may win the battle in sheer volume with it's norlimbanol overdose, but for a fat and almost intimidatingly sweet bass riff, Eros wins the day, and will thrum along for days especially on clothes. The base of cedar, norlimbanol, and vetiver isn't dry enough to counteract that heavy-handed tonka and faux-ambergris in the top, which is further supplemented by vanilla and oakmoss in the base. One thing is certain: anyone wearing Eros is definitely trying to make an entrance, and possibly a statement to boot. I'm not saying this stuff doesn't smell good, but you're more likely to have a bad experience with this if it's on a more-casual fragrance wearer, because they're not going to be skilled enough with application to know how much is enough, and thus Eros joins the ranks of bombs like Pierre Cardin Pour Monsieur (1972), Bogart One Man Show (1980), Lapidus Pour Homme (1987) and Joop! Homme (1989) where a warning label for application should be included for public safety. Suffice it to say sillage is nuclear and longevity is eternal on this one. I'd say keep this to the clubs, as it has less versatility than it pretends to, but it's the first truly stand-out creation from this house in a long time, plus the only modern one really worth dropping into a department store to sniff.

Eros will obviously not appeal to the older fellas who stopped caring about any designer fragrance the day oakmoss was restricted in 2011, and still have PTSD over the use of calone in the 90's (come on guys, really?), but for the man looking for a rich and sweet club hopping tune that smells different from the blood orange bomb of 1 Million or the revered gay club icon that is Jean-Paul Gaultier Le Mâle (1995), this might do the trick. In colder months, with much lighter application, Eros might also serve in place of Bleu de Chanel as an office scent, since it carries the "blue pleasantness" of mint and citrus, but has a beefier base which makes it more formidable when the needle on the thermostat dips below comfortable levels. Even in this scenario, I'd be careful if your job keeps you indoors a lot, because Eros has almost an almost horrific amount of lingering power, and the trail you'll leave from office desk to copier and back might make some sort of unintentional scent boundary if you don't watch where you spray. Eros succeeds in delivering the ambrox/norlimbanol trend in the brash House Versace style, and although they have since released several lighter, more aquatic, and totally tepid casual playthings since it's release, this is still the best one outside of their classics for a guy that wants to shout to the world that he never gave up on the Versace brand even after all the rock stars stopped endorsing them. I feel Eros is a missing link to the 90's heyday of the label (which many particularly-set-in-their-ways old heads don't like either) for a house which has had trouble finding it's direction in the 21st century from a fragrance perspective, and it's a good base from which to work, even if there actually haven't been any flankers of Eros since it came out. There certainly isn't niche quality in this, but definitely niche levels of performance, so Eros is also good value-for-money in that department, it just has about as much subtlety as  Batman crashing through the skylight, so be warned.  Thumbs up for this odd mix of fresh and loud.  
positive This is rather remarkable, need to use in small amounts but the essence is inescapable. I use it when walking out and about. Hit a single spray of Le Male with it, very nice indeed. 
positive Cool, minty and sweet. Also, a strong performer that gets noticed. Very similar to LeMale Eau Fraiche (Superman/Popeye). Ladies do like this and it seems suited for a younger crowd but if it makes you feel good, wear it. 

The performance is so good that this can become cloying if over-sprayed. Projects and lasts all day with the best projection coming in the first 4-5 hours. 
positive This cologne is bomb af. The longevity of it is insane. It will start out smelling like fresh apple and lemon, then periodically it will smell like sweet vanilla.
positive A new take on Versace Homme, which is fine with me.  Makes it a little more creamier.  A true hit.
positive I think this one is given a hard time unfairly so.

It is what it is. It's no masterpiece. But what it does offer is a freshness, Great projection/longevity & a lovely mint/vanilla combo. Great for clubs and bars. If you don't take yourself too seriously then you will/can learn to like it!!! 
positive I bought this fragrance as a clubbing/night out scent.  I find this to be a projection beast that cuts through other fragrances in the area.  If you want to stand out this is the right fragrance.

In the opening I can smell a lot of apple and mint with hints of the vanilla.  The midnotes tend to lean more toward the vanilla and apple.  The base is a warm sweet vanilla.  

This is not a very flexible fragrance and can really only be used for nights out.  Overall I love this fragrance and would give it a 9/10
positive Versace Eros is a masterful fragrance and a must have alongside other Versace fragrances such as ‘Dylan Blue’, ‘Dreamer’ and ‘Versace Pour Homme’. I am reviewing a new bottle of the EDT version which has been reformulated, not the Eau de Parfum concentration. 

The initial blast is vanilla, tonka bean, mint, and sweet fruit over a base of vetiver and woods. I don't get any lemon or flowery notes. It smells natural, high quality and projects extremely well. If you're not a fan of vanilla, mint or tonka bean, you will not like this fragrance. If you are, then this is a great scent you’ll instantly love. Women absolutely love this scent and go crazy for it. 

The middle and base are pure vetiver and cedarwoods, with the ever present vanilla and sweet notes. With a liberal application of ten sprays (neck, chest, shoulders and wrists), I am getting about 10-12+ hours of longevity with great projection and sillage within in the first six to eight hours. Then its a subtle but ever present scent for another four to six hours. It stays on clothes and fabric for at several days up to a week or two depending on the application.  

There is certainly no beast performance or nuclear sillage here anymore thanks to reformulation, so I am guessing people here are recently reviewing the EDP version or vintage bottles which last quite a bit longer and perform even better. But make no mistake, even the reformulated version has  very good performance. 

This smells very similar to Jacques Bogart's 'Bogart Pour Homme', which I also own but has slightly better performance and costs half the price of this. It also reminds me of JPG's 'Le Male’. 

I will likely add the EDP concentration to my collection, plus a large 200ml vintage bottle of this. Its definitely more for nightlife and clubbing situations, very youthful and sexy in that sense and gets TONS of compliments. I would likely only use it in these type of situations. Women seem to love it so whatever works. High recommended. 
positive Nuclear, nuclear silage and just monster projection!  It does smell nice but wow, please go easy on the trigger with this one - it's aggressive!

One spray under the shirt is absolutely plenty, this stuff is dangerous to apply on exposed skin.

I bought this because I needed a clubbing fragrance (I go clubbing once a year but that's beside the point..) and this fragrance seemed to fit the bill.

It smells exactly like the pyramid describes - goes on strong with lemon (bitter oil type), then the mint comes to party, closely followed by crisp apple and then huge tonka and vanilla for the dry down.

The real star of the show, the note that comes out screaming and never stops is the massive top chemical note. I don't know the correct name for it but wow, it's here in extreme amounts - it dominates everything and just never gives up.  I heard this chemical is used to stop nose blindness.  It's so strong and powerful I can actually feel the chemical on my nose...I'm not joking!

Go easy on the trigger and this bottle will last you several lifetimes.

**Edit**

I've been wearing it for a few days now and I now have completely changed my mind on it.  I love it.  It's not an aventus masterpiece by any stretch of the imagination.  It is on the other hand, a perfect work fragrance.  Just 1 spray under the shirt and it lasts all day - I'm not joking, it's still there and just as strong 12 hours later!!  The chemical they use in it stops you getting nose blind and it gives off a nice 3 foot smell radius around you.  It's very inoffensive and it never gets cloying.  

Highly recommended and it's jumped into my top 5 favs.
positive so far, this stuff is amazing, i wasnt to sure of it when i first smelled it out of the bottle... but after trying it on, it was amazing.

im using a sample from scent bird, but id like to get a regular size bottle.
positive First of all, women love this. I'm gay, so that's not a big draw for me, but it is for many others. (It's androgynous enough that I'd recommend it for nonbinary people or butch-spec women looking for their first cologne.) 

This is a predominantly sweet fragrance. Personally I find it clean rather than cloying, thanks to the apple. I absolutely love the opening--it dries well, but nothing can compare to the head. It does noticeably change in tone when it dries, going from cool-bright to warm and creamy, but the mint lingers longer than you'd think and is amazing with the tonka bean. When it gets to the base, the cedar grounds the vanilla delightfully. Overall, it stays interesting and layered throughout. It's complex, but still accessible. 

This scent definitely has personality, so it's not for everyone. There's something glamorous and elegant about it. If you don't want a cologne that "says something," then you don't want Eros. And even if you do want a cologne that "says something," you might not like what Eros is saying. This is one I'd advise against blind buying unless you're 1) a big fan of sweet scents or 2) a bottle collector. 
positive I got this on a blind buy because the bottle is cool. Not a good idea to do, but I got lucky and am pleased with it.

This is a beast. One squirt will last you all day, and people can smell you before they see you if you're not careful on the trigger. I'd recommend spraying it on your chest under your shirt, otherwise you'll cause migraines.

Onto the scent. The first thing I smell is mint. It smells just like if you held mint leaves up to your nose. Apple and lemon is supposed to be in the opening, but I don't smell them.

It usually dries down between half or two hours. The vanilla is really rich, and the mint hangs around a bit. I'm tempted to refer to this as a classier version of Axe Dark Temptation. It can cover about the same situations as axe as well. I would definitely call this a "party" fragrance, and you could also use it for romantic situations if you don't overdo it.

This isn't a very flexible fragrance, but it can cover those two situations quite well. I'd give it an 8/10. 
positive Double Plus Good!!!

Everything that Drakkar Essence should have been.
positive Great fresh opening of random mint..clean Apple.. Settles into a vanilla/filthy strange sex smell mid section then twenty minutes later relaxes in a medley of Tonka top notes reverse. Not an overly dominant vanilla either just a nice creamy finish to a crazy concoction, continuous dry down of creamy vanilla crazy mint ever so slightly bubble gum? Projects fantastically.. so go easy.. Reacts to body heat so gets another life in a gym or club.. Overall an excellent all rounder. Quite oily on the skin hence the projection and sillage. *Update* I really am growing to like this more and more for it's honesty and versace core philosophy of camp class :s. Overall tho this is the best idiotic night out scent there is .

negative 2 sprays and you will be transported back in time to your early teens, you know, the insecure glory days. 

Hanging out at the donut shop, sporting tight trousers and applying half a can of Axe body spray with an itchy trigger finger. Good times. 

0 stars. 
negative I acquired a bottle of this under batch code# SA422 and I must say I'm not impressed with Eros by Versace.

I get an opening slightly fresh of mint then it's coated over by a lot of vanilla. I get green apple, cedar, and little ambroxan in the blend. Occasionally the mint peeping through the vanilla body of this fragrance.

I get about 8 hours of light projection with this fragrance so it's no performance beast. Eros to me scent wise isn't unpleasant...but it's a rip off at cost. It's an office and casual wear fragrance. This fragrance has a lot in common with the Penguin/Musingwear apple based fragrances that were designed before Eros and are about $20.




negative Tried it in a store after seeing it being hyped by youtubers recently. 

It's a good aquatic but in a way it's sort of like a glorified Axe/Lynx product. You know, the blue/marine/aquatic ones like Marine, Apollo and Click. Eros is a lot like the shower gels of aforementioned. Which is not a bad scent and back in my teens I always thought Axe's shower gels actually smell better than their body spray counterparts. 

That's what Versace Eros is to me, a very good aquatic shower gel scent (although done more naturally) with the longevity of an EdT. Would have loved this as a youngster in the late 90's but it smells dated now. 

Need to mention this one's stingy on the Ambroxan to me, keeping it from entering that Sauvage and Invictus vibe that's currently marketed as being the best and most modern way to smell. 

Minty and aquatic, barely perceivable leather. Coumarin and geraniol like Axe/lynx only not as much of it.

negative Boy oh boy where do I start. So I was interested in Versace, because of all of the positive reviews, just like Bleu. Big mistake. 
Eros, is very sharp and harsh and syntheticly sweet. It gives me a headache, and it is just too much. 
Unless you are in a club, where pretty much ANYTHING smells good, this is not pleasant. 
There is Strong lemon and some VERY synthetic smell underneath that is headache inducng. Thank God I just bought samples, I will be happy to give them away to guys I know that go clubbing. 
negative I will start this off by saying that vanilla is not one of my favorite notes, however, I like it in certain situations (JPG Le Male, for instance). This is nothing but uber sweet synthetic vanilla and mint. If you like super super sweet scents, you will like this. I'm not sure I understand the hype around this, though. It seems like it attempts to do what Le Male does, but it doesn't quite achieve that euphoric mix. I've tried wearing this several times and it's super cloying. I can't imagine this working in the super hot humid southern US summers. Like I said, if you enjoy sweet vanilla you will probably like this, but I would definitely recommend trying it before you buy it. 

neutral Its got a sweet ambroxy vanilla mint thing going on.  It is gaudy in bottle and scent.  It really does smell quite good, and people like the smell of it in general.  Good lasting power and powerful projection.  Feels juvenile and unrefined.  
neutral Versace Eros

Well not much I can say about this one. 

Pleasant smell, fresh... People pleaser. 
Not to complex. Dries down from Minty Apple... To a nice Vanilla base sweet Tonka base. 

Overall Scent 5-10
Longevity 5-10
Sillage 5-10

Around 8hrs with good 2hr progection
positive I actually really enjoy this. Quick story on it....went into the only place I have locally that sells fragrance(a small Macy's)back in early 2013. And basically went around sampling everything I hadn't got my nose on yet...and honestly, this was the only frag that caught my attention out of everything I sniffed.

I know when this scent came out it got a lot of hate....but I see people starting to come around on it. I kind of understand why some don't like it, since its nuclear strength and mostly just apple, mint over a dominant vanilla/ambroxan overload. But I can't help it, it holds a special place in my collection. I will say this is one scent that after I wear it, I'm good for awhile before I rock it again. So my 100ml bottle with probably last me several lifetimes;) I find it to be a good compliment getter for me as well. 
positive Smells nice! I'm surprised this has so many negative reviews as it's not much more than a sweet, pleasant scent with a smooth synthetic mint note up top and a healthy heart of vanilla and ambroxan. It dries down to a vague and sweet woody base. While it's certainly not unusual or complex, Eros doesn't feel cheap or poorly composed either. Within its genre, Eros works well. Projection is good, though I think reports of Eros' nuclear strength are exagerrated. It has a medium range projection on me, and lasts for about 8 hours. Think along the lines of a more reserved One Million, Invictus, Le Male, etc. Easy to wear to work and casual social events, Eros offers a quieter mint alternative to the sweet and ubiquitous woody-amber colognes. Thumbs up. 
positive Salutation.

I am not a big fan of VERSACE fragrances but truly this one is really nice,much better than Versache PH and Eau Fraiche for me.I love this scent it says:Eat me!surprisingly pleasant and other words Modern,Sweet,Aromatic, Interesting and Charming.

Aromatic freshness of green apple,lemon and mint Precede a cute and charming hert of granium and tonka bean,this notes are wrapped in low notes of manly woods and rich cedar with a tender touch of vanilla that result is like a hug from a loved one that soothes throughout the day.like anothers VERSACE fragrances the opening is so better than dry down.

This EDT is positively delicious smelling the sexiness is blended with a beautiful,playful casual hair. EROS created after a young and free-spirited modern muse.It makes you feel fun,fantacy,young and flirty.Nothing a masterpiece but a nice choice.

Sillage?Ok.

Longevity?Good on my skin.

6.75/10
positive Lasts long. A transparent vanilla/gourmand that feels better than Rochas Man (which I do like, sans chocolate notes). Three sprays lasts all day for an American warm spring day. It does feels "messy" however it makes me keep smelling it to figure out what's going on with it. Several people have complimented positively on it.
positive If this was a song, Nick Jonas would be singing it. It's not challenging, it's not complex, it's extremely sweet, and it seems like teenage girls would like it. It's not a work of art but if you're looking for a loud, "clubby" scent this is a strong contender. I compared this to Spicebomb, 1 Million, and Pure Malt and chose this. 
positive I'm a sophomore at Notre Dame and have had my female friends judge twenty-some fragrances at this point - this one destroys everything else I have. This one seems too strong and cloying for me but they might not let me live if I don't get a bottle. Curse you, Versace.

I think it's safe to say that this is the vanilla One Million. Projects and lasts like a monster, obnoxious beyond belief, and is a 20-something girl magnet. It'll be a sad day when I'm officially too old to wear this life-hacking cologne.
positive The fragrance may be a kind of trash - but it is a trash that works! Thumbs up for longevity! Best of all I owned so far, outperforming A*Man and 1 million. Got it as a pack or perfume/deodorant and deodorant longevity is also very good.
A perfect working man fragrance.
The only drawback is deodorant being supplied in exactly the same glass bottle as EDT so you have to check what are you putting on. I'd like to have a deodorant in a convenient metal case.

positive So much bandwagon hate on this one. Is it just the name "Versace" that turns you off from this fragrance? I love this one, it projects and LASTS! However, I believe it was recently reformulated, and wasn't as good as the "vintage" juice. 
positive If you're looking for something revolutionary, this isn't the fragrance for you. 

While it's fine to look for something super complex, I don't think its fair to over look what can be a nice scent because it isn't the exact fragrance in your #1 wishlist.

With that said, lets get into the details. When I spray this I get a citrus (lemon not orange), floral scent with smooth traits. It has some sweetness but it isn't a sugar pit, as time goes on it gets more smooth with a dry down of tonka/vanilla. It still holds to some floral/fruity mix and you can get the cedar in there some what (although I don't know the difference between virginian and atlas cedar).

The best way I can convey this scent is there's this jar of lemonade sitting in a window sill on a breezy day. There's some herbs floating in the liquid, a flower or two floating at the top, with an overall herbal trait to it, including some mint. The wind blows and you can smell a sweet blend of the sugar mint in the lemonade mixing with near by grassy flowers  by this log cabin house. 

I give it a 8.5 out of 10, if you have a few vanilla fragrances, or you dislike tonka etc. you probably shouldn't go with this one, but it's definitely worth giving it a couple of wears before ultimately deciding. Everybody that has smelled it on me so far has loved it. The projection is below average (my skin tends to do this to fragrances) but it lasts a good while on me (surprisingly). So this is closer to the skin most likely. Enjoy.
positive I really like this fragrance. It starts off sweet, but that quickly settles to a really nice and subtle clean scent. My girlfriend loves this.  I received this as part of a gift box, and when layered with the after shave and shower gel, it really comes into its own.  The cologne on its own without the layers might lack a little projection.
positive I've avoided this for a long time; all the while knowing it smelled good. I was finally talked into giving this a go. I'm generally not a fan of tonka, but its nicely done in this application. This is a perfume for garnering sex appeal. Though I feel YSL L'Homme is a tad less synthetic, I prefer Eros over it and One Million. There are a lot of negative reviews, but so far I like it and will wear a few times hoping that I retain the same feeling about it. Always remember to explore for yourself and let your nose be the guide. 
positive versace eros is one of the better expensive colognes out there I have worn. sweet smelling fragrance that last for hours. you feel elegant wearing this. a good companion to armani code. if you want more masculine colognes your best to stick with those classic drugstore brands. seems every famous clothes designer got into the cologne and perfume business from dior to laurent to versace to armani to valentino etc.
positive I have to say I agree with all the reviews here, good and bad.  I just received a gift set of Eros for my birthday, so I now own across two bottles, approximately 5 ounces of the stuff.  There was no return receipt, because I would gladly exchange this for something I love.  But you know what?  It's growing on me...I'm kind of craving it in that way you do some scents.  Like you need a fix.  Hold on, I'll be right back...
I just sprayed some on.  It goes on like a supersonic candy shop; but that quickly dies down and the more subtle, grown up cedar notes make their presence known mixed in with a touch of vetivery-lemony sub-sub notes.  It is quite a bit like Rabanne's 1 Million (which I think is just Tenere with some added ingredients) but I like it much better.  I thought 1 Million was one of the most perplexingly overrated scents of the last few years and I love Senor Rabanne.  
Versace's Eros also has a strange sour undernote which I quite like.  Clearly this was a slapped together, by committee, as AndrewtheCologneGuy said "...a combination of the last 3 or 4 top selling of the last decade" scents.  But they got it right.  Or they got lucky.  Or we did.

negative I made the mistake of spraying this on myself while browsing through Macey's. Ugh...I had to continue walking through the mall with my wife while the stench of this stuff clung to me like a bad nightmare. I got nauseated within about 40 minutes and by the time we left the mall, I was almost ready to beg for someone to turn a fire hose on me. It is far too strong and cloying in a very bad way. The only positive is that the bottle looks very cool. Eros means romantic love, but the name of this scent to me would have to be "Miso", which of course would be Greek for "hate". Big thumbs down...
negative Not very creative! but I appreciated that in the sample I received there was the olfactive pyramid explained and the olfactive family quoted. A good way to inform and disseminate the culture of perfumes. 
negative WAY TOO STRONG!
This can be used a clubbing scent in the same spirit as 1 Million, Le Male.
I cannot imagine a mature male using this in an office environment or at church as it would be too cloying.

It's not a BAD smell; it's just overwhelming and ever-present (like Axe).
Maybe it will burn itself out in a year.

I can imagine those under 26 or over 65 wearing this to "make the scene" in a club as they unnecessarily yell into your ear "CAN YOU SMELL MY COLOGNE?".

negative 10 minutes after spraying this on, it wasn't hard to determine Eros' target market....15 to 20 yr olds, looking for attention.   This mess will compete with the worst of scents in any tight room.   If that's your need, knock yourself out...  

Truly awful stuff.
negative Eros is another uninspiring release from the house of Versace. It opens up with citrus-fruity accord and smells good for the first few minutes. But then the tonka bean, vanilla and other notes set in, leading to a gourmandish mess. It is in the same ballpark as modern clubbing fragrances such as Le Male and 1 Million. In this particular olfactory niche the bar for being a decent composition is rather low, but this one still misses the mark. 

The bottle looks good, the cap outright tacky. 
negative Welcome to the factory of vanilla powder. Pure trash. 
negative I've tried this one from a sample for the last week, on and off. It's exactly what you'd expect from a mass market brand - utterly bland, designed to be characterless so as to offend as few people as possible and thereby to appeal to the widest market. It's "nice", up to a point, but it's also instantly forgettable. It doesn't create a mood or enhance one's spirit, it doesn't intrigue or elevate. It just sits there being polite.

Give me something with distinction any day.

1/10
negative Don't like it. It kind of gives me a headache. 
negative The usual tiresome, sweet, fruity, synthetic, charmless, obnoxious, loud dreck.
negative The bottle is a masterpiece, but it goes downhill from there.

I was expecting a quality masculine aquatic but this is sweet, sickly perfume in the style of 1 Million. Avoid if you are over 18.
negative To be fair, Eros isn't as bad as I expected.  I assumed from the blue bottle that it would be just another "bleu" Windex aquatic.  Don't get me wrong - it IS a Windex aquatic, but the harsh chemical smell is tempered with mint and lavender and paired up with a sour-milk caramelized marshmallow smell instead of the ubiquitous grape drank or fake citrus that scents like this usually use.

That being said, I haven't really liked Eros.  It's REALLY obvious that this was some marketing team's attempt to make something that smells like One Million and, even if it were more unique, I just don't like that sharp Windex chemical smell, and I dislike it even more when awkwardly paired with Angel-esque super-sweet notes.  Oh well, more for the youngsters...

neutral I can't seem to get past the fluoride mouthwash vibe from the synthetic mint aroma molecule. I've heard others say Eros gives them a headache but this has not been my experience. Versace Eros is a good sweet, creamy vanilla fragrance however I do not find it designer quality. Good performance, but definitely not worth the price. I would wait for it to show up at discounters if you really feel the need to add this to your collection. The quality is not there. If you want sweet and creamy without the mint, you can purchase CK Reveal Men or Mont Blanc Individuel for around $20. 
neutral If the metallic notes weren't so pervasive, this would be more wearable. There's quite a bit going on, but the more warm, subtle pieces seem to get lost on me. Would be ok for a club or date night, but then so would most any cheaper, generic fragrance. The base notes are nice, but by the time I get there, I've had enough. Too strong for my taste.
neutral Eros opens with a fresh and minty accord (apple, mint, citrus) surrounded by the usual metallic-ozonic notes, however supported by a pleasant and slightly less predictable (for this type of scent) base of warm, rich, aromatic spicy-woody notes (tonka and cedar above all), sweet and quite “round”, perhaps due to tobacco and/or patchouli dusted with vanilla - the “uncommon” side is that these notes smell actually good and solid, more than the average in mainstream scents. I smell a couple of “niche” nuances here, for example the ambroxan note which provides a “modern” feel of dusty grayness (quite reinforced by aldehydes) – not far from several niche products of the recent years. Also, another “niche” factor to me is some of the contrasts this scent is built on – the tart-mint head opening and the almost gourmandish base, which is quite sweet, warm and resinous, and smoky too. Overall it smells safe and crowdpleasing, but if pay attention and smell it more carefully, it’s not as common as it may seem. And it’s definitely decent. Plus, Eros has also an unexpectedly nice evolution too: instead or remaining identical and just getting drier and lighter, it gets softer, warmer, more resinous, actually more pleasant as hours pass, once the sharp metallic-zesty opening fades away. I’m wearing it since a couple of hours, and now is remarkably better than before. Nothing great and nothing new, but not bad and not (too much) boring. 

6,5/10
neutral A better version of Chanel Allure Extreme. It has more of everything and doesn't pretend to be a flanker of a flanker of blah..blah..blah. There's a little more of everything and but ultimately it's a loud and pretty obnoxious fragrance. Fits right along side of 1 Million as a clubbing or attention fragrance, but does it with a bit more of a synthetic quality. This is sweet, but from the reviews I was expecting along the lines of cotton candy sweet which it isn't. No bad really, but it's an acquired taste.
neutral Too sweet, can't imagine smelling this on a man...
neutral I didn't expect much when I blind bought Eros

a pleasant surprise - the bottle and packaging is a stunner; but the scent is even more intriguing. Granted it's not something that you would say 'masterpiece' or something similar - but it do smelt good. Eros is a good blend of vanilla and tonka with addition of mint; it would remind you of any sweet scent because it IS sweet, but doesn't mean that any scent smelt like 1 Million.

Eros smelt odd even for sweet fragrance; initially I felt disturbed by Eros scent but lately I found that Eros have moderate to good projection (which mean less offensive for most people) and great longevity (it stays in skin for 8 hours - a record for me!) definitely better than Versace Pour Homme

All in all; a good fragrance if you want something for close-counter fragrance in club, it smelt nice and draws compliment especially in the drydown
positive ooh! intense, warm, rich, intimate. For me it's a cooler weather choice or a special occasion.
positive The 1980's was full of big perfumes, and newly-appointed house perfumer at the time Jacques Polge needed to make a big perfume to compete with the likes of Yves Saint Laurent Opium (1977) or Giorgio Beverly Hills (1981). Already having achieved a new paragon of masculinity with Antaeus (1981), Polge needed to repeat a similar success in the feminine segment, an objective that eventually lead to the creation of Coco Chanel (1984). Obviously titled after the late Gabrielle Chanel's nickname, Coco was meant to channel the strength of will and businesswoman aesthetic of the house founder, and indeed contains the essence of her often-terse and condescending manner as well. Coco is not a friendly perfume, not happy, but full of the kind of bold animalic vigor that shoulderpad blouses and teased hair of the decade often signalled to hapless men who stood in the way of the take-charge middle class 80's woman. Polge blended both opulent florals and heady spices in a note-packed kitchen sink style similar to perfumes of the early 20th century, which was a rare move for a perfumer who would later become famous his conservative restraint and plush blending, making Coco as much a young "show-off piece" as Antaeus was.

There are simply too many notes to sift through them all, but the opening of Coco demonstrates a similar aldehyde rush as the legendary No. 5 (1921), but with angelica, pimento, frangipani, and mandarin giving a sweet zing that is very feminine and fruity in the start. The very indolic heart of jasmine, rose, tuberose, cascarilla (coffee seeds) and neroli is delicious, with some iris and ylang-ylang to sharpen things up. Midway through this veers gender neutral and curious men who love animalic perfumes will start finding reward in Coco at about this point. Heavy animalic honeyed sourness of civet and styrax merge with incense elements of opoponax, olibanum, sandalwood, musk, and patchouli, while labdanum, oakmoss, and vetiver bring in a chypre-like golden focus near the end. I can't always discern which notes are doing what as stated above, but knowing the characters of each and how they mingle, the "big picture" Jacques Polge paints isn't hard to see. This is a fruity floral oriental animalic chimera which comes in disarmingly saccharin sweet at first before turning the lights down and bringing out the leather straps. Feminine to masculine, light to dark, friendly to Faustian, that was Gabrielle Coco Chanel in life, and that is also how her posthumous namesake perfume is as well. 

This was likely an office perfume in the 80's, since everyone wore everything everywhere, but with the increased social consciousness of perfume use in the 21st century, Coco is best worn in evenings for romantic gatherings or just personal enjoyment. This oriental kaleidoscope works surprisingly well in all weather thanks to the brightness of the top and warmth of the heart, plus a lack of cloying notes like vanilla or tons of amber to cook on skin. Eau de Parfum is richer and more-suited to ladies, while the Eau de Toilette is sharper and a tad more raunchy, making it the better bet for men. Any version is suitable as a unisex oriental, but knowing CISHET predilections, I make my suggestions thus. Polge would settle into watery or fruity florals for women and ultra-blended semi-orientals or woody ambers and fougères for men through the rest of his career, but like with Antaeus, he really let the horses out of the stables with Coco, and it's wonderful; ravishing even. Time has taken its toll on some of the animalic heft in more recent batches of Coco, but all versions are still the strident "don't mess with my success" 80's estrogen bomb as intended, so go easy on the trigger when testing or wearing. Thumbs up! 
positive Chanel ‘Coco’ is the powerful business women. There are only a couple of people in the world on her level. She is the definition of command and control. In a field full of obnoxious, arrogant, ego centric people dominated by men and women alike, she is the only one who is of her kind. Gentle yet firm. Dressed in an obsidian Parisian chiffon clad flowy A-line dress imported from France, her long bare neck is embellished with a single Cartier diamond pendent, tiny dangly crystal encrusted drop earrings are adorning her ear lobes, shimmering under the glittering chandelier whenever she moves, she is dangerous but also elegant and has grace like no other. Her hair is luscious and smells intoxicating. However, get on her wrong side and you will see just how much power she truly has. She is a force to be reckoned with. She is not an employee but more of an employer. Executive of a Fortunes 500 Company, she does not play around. Having one assistant won’t cut it when helping Coco run her enlarged empire, that’s why her 3 assistants, Coco Noir, Allure EDP and Chance EDP are always present and ready. Ready to take on the world and accomplish whatever that needs to be accomplished. Even attending parties. Coco knows when to work and when to party and she won’t deny her assistants the opportunity to strengthen business ties and have fun while doing so. 

This is what I envision everytime I smell coco edp
positive It's all in the attitude. This may have been marketed for women but when it dries down, the notes bring a spiciness to it that makes it truly gender neutral if not eminently suitable as a masculine scent. A couple of spritzes to the chest does me nicely.

positive Coco Cola. Coco is dark, sweet, fizzy and classic, and cola-ish. It is rounded and ripe, with the spice of a boozy Christmas cake that has spent three months luxuriating in a tin. It also has hints of an orange studded with cloves, another Christmas treat. But just like Coca Cola, the recipe is impossible to reverse-engineer. 

It reminds me of a time when people smoked in cinemas and perfumes were necessarily stronger so they could rise above the curling silver clouds lit up by the projector. It suits a good coat with a brooch and silk scarf.
positive Very vintage floral mix. Potent. Gorgeous. 
positive Hygeia by Gustav Klimt
positive Mesmerized by this
Growling tiger of flowers,
Spices and resins.

positive This is in regards to vintage Coco, eau de toilette.  Coco is one of those rare ones, for me.  Every now and then I try a perfume I don't care for at first.  Then it grows on me, a little.  Then I like it more and more, as I wear it.

I don't smell any stand-out notes of mimosa, vanilla, Tonka, or orange blossom here.  Everything else, seems just fine.  This reveals itself to me in layers.  It is "old school" and I like that.  I may procure another sample, for further wearing's. This, like Mitsouko, are slow to win me over...
positive Vintage edt: Dreamy perfume to my nose, especially the opening and early on while it's still strong. I love perfume from the 1980s, and this is one of my favorite feminine fragrances overall, a delicious sweet floral.

The vintage parfum version is also a treat: a modern-smelling, fruity floral that smells like fresh, clean laundry.
positive Vintage COCO (84) EDP.
COCO is the goldilocks "just right" of Orientals. Old luxury is a slightly understated, quality experience. That embodies COCO.

In its historical genre there's Opium (77), Cinnabar (78), Diva(83), Teatro Alla Scalla (85), Incognito (92).

Review for Vintage COCO EDP

COCO is the most balanced in the genre. There isn't a main ingredient you can point to and say "thats what dominates in COCO." That is its true strength. She is all her own done in Chanel style. You can see echoes of Diva and Opium within her DNA, yet balanced and refined for the Chanel house.

Her spices are never overdone, her fruits are luscious, the rose is a beautiful feminine addition. Its as beautiful as an Oriental can get. She will be loved because there isnt a part of her that stands out too much, or not liked for not having a distinct identity and perspective. Perfect example of a well crafted, strong, classy, non offensive benchmark in perfumery. The only reservation I have is when hunting the vintage, in my experience the strength fades overtime.
positive This is gorgeous and I understand why it is such a classic. There is such incredible scent development and smooth transitions.

Coco opens with bright mandarin, something akin to orange blossom and is supported by opulent rose and jasmine. After about 20-30 minutes the sparkling citruses dissipate, the florals deepen and a very smoothed spice develops. There is also a mild sweetness in the background. Not sugar sweet, more of a vanilla bean which is rounded out by a touch of powder. Roughly 8 hours later it is still very present. It has softened and the creamy sweetness of the vanilla bean and powder is more prominent. The strength of this perfume is in it's balance. Everything that is loud or soft feels like it is meant to be that way, like a well composed piece of music.

Sillage is moderate to heavy at maybe around 4-5 feet and lasting power is incredible at 10+ hours (outdoors in dry/cold weather on dry skin). 

I don't go through bottles of perfumes....but this I could see buying multiples. It's a classic for good reason.
positive What an interesting scent! It's as sophisticated and elegant as one would expect from Chanel, sparkling with aldehydes and with enough self-assurance to support its eccentricity. It lingers in the mind and reminds me of...something, I don't know what: an evening long ago, a garden breeze at night with crystalware tinkling in the distance, a torchlit veranda...something. It's edgy and romantic at the same time.

Coco is available in EDP, EDT and parfum concentrations. The EDP lasts for 24 hours on my skin, without losing any of its structural integrity throughout its development and drydown. When Coco finally fades away, it does so without reverting to the rubbery synthetic smell that I've noticed in the last stages of most reformulations: it is very much like a fine vintage fragrance, rich from beginning to end, with perfectly blended floral, fruit and spicy notes (similar to Opium, but more stately). 

One reviewer said that Coco smells like old-fashioned cough syrup, and I understand that perception; for me, though, there's enough going on here to lift it out of the medicinal family of notes, and set it apart. Coco is an unusual beauty which needs to be appreciated with an open mind, on its own terms. I find it simply stunning.


positive Coco literally came into my dreams last night, which is fitting because to me it's always been an ethereal fragrance. The opening is loud, sweet, and a little spicy. As it heats up on your skin, the subtle florals come out, until it falls into it's slightly spicy-vanilla drydown. There is a certain note in Coco, along with Antaeus and 31 Rue Cambon that always smells off to me. I attribute this to the labdanum, which I'm not crazy for. It feels a bit dry and dusty to me. It's worth noting that while the opening smells nothing alike, Antaeus and Coco definitely share a similar dry down. I prefer the bath products for this reason, as they have more of the heart and opening, and less of the dry down. In liquid form, I've owned the parfum, and tested the EDP and EDT. For me, the parfum and EDP are the best, and I find the EDT a little anemic for me, but if the others are too strong you may enjoy it.

positive Salutation.

Unique as you are.COCO is one of the most influential creations in the whole of perfume's history,it is really beyond words...Everything about it spells drama,opulence,striking features and indulgence of the senses.This legendary perfume definitely makes you feel like you are worth more than a million dollars.Memorable,Rich,Special, Ladylike,Exquisite,Sensual, Glamorous,Spicy,Classic and Very French. 

It is rich and sophisticated with hints of orient spices.COCO starts with notes of pomegranate blossom,peach and orange blossom that is fresh yet strong,adding a garland of tempering elements with a soapy vibe(orange blossom and rose)and some spices(clove and clover).the unforgettable and warm base notes full of animalistic civet,tonka bean,amber and vanilla which projects it is seductive message "i am all woman,come sit by me". 

I would truly recommend it for anyone who wants to turn heads in any room.COCO is for the outgoing and excellent personality of the perfect lady.definitely for Autumn and Winter and a Special Evening.Looking great and smelling great is always is in style. wearing COCO will make you smell great.In fact COCO and a wonderful outfit,will make any lady look and smell wonderful.

Sillage?Superb. 

Longevity?Amazing. 

8/10
positive I first bought this for myself when I was a teenager and I love this. It has been my signature fragrance for years. The newest reformulation has me glad that I have two bottles of EDP I bought back in the nineties. I bought the Parfum this last year and love it. I would highly advise anyone buying this to go for the Parfum instead of the EDP or EDT. You won't be disappointed.
positive Genre: Woody Oriental

Coco was Chanel’s contribution to the bevy of dense spiced amber orientals that helped define 1980s perfumery, and I find it hard to discuss without reference to its earlier counterparts, Opium and Cinnabar.  All three lean heavily upon cinnamon, cloves, opoponax, and heady rose and orange blossom, but coming from Chanel, Coco is more refined and elegant, less dense and garish, than either of the others, and hence much easier to wear. 

Coco’s amber is less dark and viscous than Opium’s or Cinnabar’s, its clove is less pronounced, and its opopanax is less exposed and angular. Fewer spices and a persistent sweet citrus note brighten Coco’s heart, and the floral accord is softened by a powdery mimosa that plays no apparent part in the Lauder or the St. Laurent. Together with a more prominent vanilla in the drydown, this powdery accent rounds and softens Coco’s contours, rendering it more pretty and slender than its rivals while at the same time aligning it more closely with the Chanel house style, as established by No. 5, Bois des Îles, and Cuir de Russie.

While no fragrance in this style could reasonably be called understated, Coco comes closer than most. Sillage, projection, and endurance are all ample, but next to Opium, or even Cinnabar, Coco seems downright retiring. Whereas Opium and Cinnabar, applied lightly, make perfectly fine masculine orientals in the vein of Jaïpur Homme or JHL, Coco always strikes me as more gender-specific. On the other hand, its relative sense of proportion leaves it much more viable for today’s women than its more flamboyant predecessors.

positive Review for the EDT.

I absolutely love this one! A warm, spicy, sensual oriental. I love how this smells. In fact I actually think this is unisex. Cloves, Spices, Amber, dark resins, creamy sandalwood, I can see this totally working on a man. I also see this much in the same way that I would something by Serge Lutens (whose perfumes are very rich and heady and are inspired by Morocco).

The fragrance itself opens up to me with a blast of cloves, I also get a type of orange blossom smell, and peach or plum (dried fruit accord). I also detect Jasmine, and Jasmine is actually my favorite smell. There is also some prominent rose, but the base is where it all happens; resins, amber, vanilla and tonka, dry sandalwood... it's all there, and it's very very evocative! 

I've heard that Jacues Polge wanted to evoke Venice with this perfume (just as Shalimar was inspired by India and Opium by the Middle East and Southeast Asia etc.), and I can totally see Venice in this. Italian, Baroque and also Oriental, with spices and rich, warm sensuality. Jaques Polge himself would later refine the spices (along with more wood, leather and tobacco) to create his eventual masterpiece "Egoïste" released 6 years after Coco.

I remember trying the female Opium EDP and I think this is a lot more wearable for those who couldn't wear that. It's Chanel, and a Chanel is never too loud, it knows just when to stop and hold you there, without being too loud or overpowering. In fact to my nose Coco is like a spicy, exotic, oriental version of No. 5; and just like No. 5, it makes a statement. It's grown up, it's mature, but also sensual and in-control. It's for someone who knows a little about life and is experienced both in mind and body. Someone who isn't afraid to be who they are, instead they celebrate it.

I don't know if that description helps, but that's what Coco brings across to me. Warm, sensual, passionate, loving and even a little amount of danger at the edges. It takes guts to wear this, but it's totally worth it. Pure Emotion in a bottle.
positive How does Coco manage to smell fruity when there are no fruits listed in its ingredients? Masterful blending and the use of damascenes. Spicy, sweet, strong and warm.

Barbara Herman's notes are somewhat different from those listed above:

Top: Mandarin, Pimiento, Coriander
Middle: Rose, Carnation, Ylang Ylang, Cinnamon, Orris, Patchouli, Vetiver, Sandalwood, Tuberose.
Base: Olibanum, Amber, Benzoin, Vanilla, Musk, Honey, Civet

This is not a demure scent. It is right out there and in your face, like Patou's Joy or Lanvin's Arpege. Turin calls it "elegant spicy" and gives it four stars. He also points out the new use of damascenes, which smell like "complex dark, dried fruit."

This is an ultra-feminine scent for a mature woman. Guys, stay away - not even remotely a unisex scent.  Quite fine and for me, Chanel's best scent for women.
positive This is absolutely beautiful. Albeit not for the faint of heart, wearing this around sensitive noses will bring out a myriad of complaints about allergies and headaches. 

The EdP version is the only one I've worn and the inital blast is a bit much. Sharp and downright unpleasant, even. But give it an hour on the skin and it blossoms into the most beautiful, spicy, radiating scent. 

In my everyday life, Coco is a bit much, and a little too attention-grabbing (not many 20-somethings will wear this one after all...), I've taken to wearing a little bit of the lotion, which is very true to the fragrance and actually projects like your average EdT even when you only use a little. 

Highly recommended! I could see this working on a daring man too, actually. It's not girly, even if it's feminine in nature, and it's just beautiful all around. 
positive This is a great '80s perfume that has been sadly eclipsed by its far less interesting younger sisters, Coco Mademoiselle and, more recently, Coco Noir.  Soapy florals and a delicious cinnamon-flavoured dry-down make this a lovely winter smell.  When I'm wearing it, I imagine myself snuggled up in a leather armchair with a wool blanket keeping warm by the fire as the snow falls outside.  Unlike its younger siblings it does not aim to please by being overly sweet - it makes no apologies for who it is.  Yet unlike similar fragrances from the era, it does not overpower.  Coco is high on my wish list.
positive Ahhh Coco. The perfume that rescued Chanel for me.  As much as I love and respect No.5 on other people, it smells stale and sweaty on me. As with many of Chanel's creations, I was forced to admit that they just didn't suit my chemistry.  That was until I met Coco.  The ingredients, top notes, middle notes and dry down have been articulated far more accurately and eloquently by others here.  All I can write about it how Coco makes me feel.  She is a winter fragrance for me.  Whenever I wear her, I feel lava hot, invincible...and pretty darn foxy.
positive A classic floral/oriental with a spicy soul, the Jacques Polge's trademark and an impressively charismatic aura of elegance and gorgeous spiciness, something familiar to each of us, evocative about a left back feminine type of "radiant mystery" once swirling around in the air constantly (almost everywhere) and nowadays veiled (I mean unfortunately replaced) by the "new-age" common gassy/chemical orchidea (or stuffs like that) based modern insecticides. Yes, Coco is extremely elegant "at distance" (logistical and temporal), is massive, mystic, velvety, somewhat impenetrable, slightly aldehydic (i suppose) and subtle in the background (a backwardly emerging floral/spicy patchouli spark in the middle of musks, indolic floral notes, woods and balsams). I definitely agree with Foetidus as i detect a forceful soul of spicy patchouli (cinnamon for sure), almost addle (somewhat fruity) rose/jasmine/mimosa (the latter just noticeable by me in the top) and amber, the first approach being deliciously fruity (I detect peach and orange indeed in the top), spicy (more than vaguely Cinnabar jumps on mind, I detect the aromatic coriander's influence among ripe and mild spices) and with a thick and animalic mossy (labdanum) background along the base which nails the aroma down among the classic spicy/boise hystorical chypre. A coconutty/tobacco spark emerges vaguely from the final mossy and fruity-spicy amalgam. The patchouli is stout, rosey, slightly earthy, hesperidic and spicy till the end, representing under my nose the royal backbone of this old-school ambery floral chypre (the complicate intricacy of Tabu and Youth Dew come partially on mind on the final stage). Class and refinement dominate the scene with this textured and "fragrant" potion. Sillage and longevity deserve a commendation for sure. Coco will be forever a potion created to elevate each "measured" woman on the stage of Queen. 
positive #5 but better and more complex	I love this perfume; there is nothing else to say, in the end. One of the first "real" perfumes I ever smelled was Chanel no. 5; it was nice, but after all the hype, I was a little disappointed. I liked the newer, (then) trendier Obsession better. When I first smelled Coco in 1994, I felt as if Chanel finally got it right. Like so many scores of others, I detect a close kinship with 5. Along with that, there is a deeper feel to Coco, and the drydown is heavenly. For some few people, the drydown turns a bit sharp, but it is a chemistry issue rather than a fault with Coco's formulation. Although it was created in the 1980s, it is a lasting classic. Just as with any scent, you should be fine in the office as long as you don't douse yourself. But you might want to! Good anytime, but excellent in cold weather and for (classier) evenings. Not too formal, but appropriate for formal occasions. You will have to decide for yourself whether you like it in hot weather. I love it anytime, but some people think it's too strong for summers. Give me Coco any day over the boring one-note concoctions omnipresent these days. Layers well with real vanilla oil. I need to get some more of this and try it out with something like Wish or Angel. Coco strikes me as amenable to the gourmand side of things.Pros: Very likeableCons: It might not work with your chemistry"
positive Absolutely amazing	This is my favourite scent by Chanel, I can't help but smile each time I remove the bottle's cap and treat myself to two or three spritzes of the EDP. The opening is a delicious blend of amber, peach, roses and other florals. On my skin, the scent gets better with the dry-down ... becoming more 'edible' and warm as time goes by, perhaps due to the tonka bean and opoponax. And it lasts! If I spritz myself early in the evening, the scent is still there on my skin in the morning. Highly recommended.
positive I prefer the EDT, lighter and more wearable than the EDP, too strong and sweet for me(and I must say I love strong perfumes). It has the Chanel elegance and is very complex and feminine. A masterpiece.
positive I've worn COCO body cream (the one that comes in the clear glass box with the blackand gold screw on top) ever since I read a descrition of it in 1984 when it first came out.  It has been my signature scent ever since - I only wear the body cream however the purfume does not smell the same on me.  I've had countless strangers ask me what I wear and several of my girl friends have tried it including my sister =  Interestingly it DOES matter what your personal chemistry is with this fragrance - not everyone can wear it.  None of my friends can wear it - It doesn't smell the same on my sister either - who loves how it smells on me.  THere's nothing like COCO - I absolutely love it - I feel like it was made just for me.      

negative I wore this in the 90’s when it was rich, deep, and peppery.  I sniffed it yesterday for the first time in 20 years and nearly gagged.  All I got was Dr. Pepper soda pop and Johnson’s Baby Powder.  

neutral I'm never sure if I like Coco: I don't actually dislike it as I do Allure, and the downright ghastly Coromandel and Bel Respiro, but every time I smell Coco, it leaves me disappointed.

When I first tried it in the mid 80s, it instantly reminded me of Opium, though softer and not as spicy. Shortly I afterwards I bought a bottle, as at the time I was very much into Oriental scents, and immediately wished I hadn't: I liked it, but it always felt like it should have developed into something deeper on my skin, but never did.

When I smell Coco now, I still feel there is something missing from this perfume. It no longer reminds me of Opium, but more of a somewhat fruity oriental with a slightly Guerlain-ish vanilla and tonka bean base.

Though it is far preferable to some of Polge's more recent creations, Coco is not a perfume I would ever buy or wear again.
neutral Yankee candle, for winter use.
positive This was beautiful at first. Warm and spicy. I sprayed it on my left wrist and kept sniffing at it, almost compulsively, in wonderment. 

Then, about three hours after spraying, I started having some sort of perfume panic. The smell was getting to me. Horribly. Finally I almost raced to the bathroom to wash off the scent. 

I had to scrub my arm three separate times to get the smell off of me. I almost threw up. 

How many spritzes did I give my wrist? Three. That was clearly two too many. 

I will try again when the mental/physical reaction (AUUUGGGHH GET IT AWAY FROM ME GET IT AWAY FROM ME!!!) goes away. 

It's beautiful. Just way, way too much. 

EDITED: Three months later, I am as one with Coco. Our differences are past.* The repulsion caused by too much perfume too soon has faded, and I have fallen deeply in love with this scent. I wear it when I want to impress. I wear it when I want to feel good about myself, or lift myself from a funk or sad mood. It makes me feel sexy and powerful. 

Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. It shimmers and glows, and enfolds. It invites, it smiles. It is wonderful. 

* I suspect it was the strong tonka bean and heavy vanilla base that killed me when I first tried it. I have had a powerful aversion to strong vanilla and tonka bean. Thankfully, I can handle it now. For others who detest heavy vanilla in perfume, be warned. 
positive Another year round daytime scent for me.  On me it smells crisp & lightly floral, I was surprised that it's considered an Oriental.  The The body lotion is quite moisturizing, not just nice scent in a quickly drying lotion.  If you wear the lotion, go lightly on the parfum or it'll make your eyes water.    
positive I wore this Eau de Parfum just after it came out. I was in High School and my father bought me a 100ml refillable cartridge bottle for Hanukkah. As soon as I started wearing it the compliments just kept coming. 

This is the kind of fragrance that HAS to blend well with your bodily scent for it to come off as beautiful and timeless. I feel quite lucky that this is my personal scent. I put it on and it just blends so well with my natural chemistry that I feel it was made for me.

You should try it before buying it. It just might not smell good on you.

I love you Coco!
positive This is one gorgeous scent, reminds me of Christmas time.  It is moody, spicy, and can be a bit heavy if you are not careful.  To me, this is cold weather scent, and it lasts forever.  This is the epitome of what an oriental fragrance should smell like.    
positive Thumbs was up on this one. Probably my favorite Chanel scent, but I do love the orientals and this one has that spiciness I like.  She is deep and alluring, very sexy. Aredore describes her very well.
positive This is definitely in my top 10 sexiest scents a woman can wear.  It turns my head, in a good way.  Pheromonally attractive. 
positive Coco is the scent I adopted after Beautiful. Beautiful got me through the virginal high school years, and Coco is what I switched to when those years had passed. 
Coco is throaty, and seductive. If Beautiful is what I wear during the day, Coco is what I switch to after work, for long nights out. It lasts the whole time, and leaves a nice lingering scent on whomever I happened to get close to. These days that would be my husband, and he knows when I wear this fragrance, it is going to be an interesting night! It is one he never lets me run out of, lol! There is something about this fragrance that brings out the sultry, that helps you let your guard down and be more flirtatious, this is the "three shots into the night" feeling, in a pretty bottle. 

positive Coco is the smoky eyed brunette to No. 5's red lipped blonde. There's a lot less subtlety and more flippant color. Think saxophones in lieu of pianos. 

Top notes are glimmering orange and vague segments of southeast tropics. It's markedly warm and sweet (perhaps cloying to some) while retaining a great spice trailer. Floral notes like rose and orange flower are overpowered by the dark gourmand ones that come at the end. The drydown lasts forever and ever. Tonka and vanilla are the big lingerers, very thick and strong. 

All spice and syrup, I feel it's the more enigmatic of the 80's oriental princesses. Obsession is too glossy and Poison too fizzy, but Coco is just opaque enough to be the solid winner for its sensible loudness. The wholly recondite sex appeal puts it in the category of covered up eroticism rather than bare skin sexy. Once you remove the shoulder pad and cigarette images associated with its launch, you discover it's truly a modern scent better suited to third dates than boardrooms. 

This all being said, I definitely wouldn't wear it. I would however encourage very hot hot Bettie Page types to buy it in bulk. 
positive Coco is hot stuff!!
Grown up, spicy, glamourous and definitely Chanel! Sillage is immense, lasting power is extremely good, especially on clothes, I can still smell it on my scarf even after 5 or 6 days. 
Coco is what I wanted No5 to be, but I don't enjoy that at all, thank goodness I found Coco, my classic Chanel!
positive (2009) My BF bought it for me for my BD. His says it is his fav on me. I love it too, it is spicy and deep, could have been a little sweeter IMO. Like very few EDP it causes a warm sensation on my skin for hours.
positive Disillusioned with Mademoiselle - which was very specifically targeted towards my age group - I requested a sample of the original.

Good god, this thing is beautiful.

This was back when I wanted to make Shalimar my signature - the smoky citrus-vanilla wore on me like second skin, sexy like a cozy cable knit sweater “accidentally” showing off the lace of my bra.

Coco is aggressively sexy. She’s a big, bosomy, come-hither spicy floral with solid musculature and good bones. Smoky, resinous and rich, I imagine a dark-haired ingénue towering over me in a power suit and heels. Her eyes are kholed and cold. Red-lacquered lips form words through a cloud of cigarette smoke; “You are not worthy.” I cower and slide coco back on the shelf. Such voluptuous magnificence was never meant for uncertain waiflike figures.

Yet I covet this thing I can never be. When I am brave enough to wear it, my nose is glued to my arm, lost in a fantasies of impossible romantic escapades. I am powerful, aggressive, beautiful, transfixing. Desire me. Fear me. I am Coco.

positive I have been wanting to try Coco for a long time and would periodically sniff the bottle when I was passing the Chanel counter, only to put it down without spraying it on. The top notes of this seemed to assault the senses which always put me off. However, my mother re-educated me and said I HAD to wear it to appreciate it, and boy was she right.
On first application this went 'pow!', I've worn No'5 since I was a teen so know Chanel scents have a reputation for having that  BIG opening only to meld into your skin and soften but Coco takes it to a whole new level. I resisted the urge to wash it off and thank goodness. As the middle notes came to the fore I was still undecided if I liked it or not, it was so different to the sort of fragrances I usually love. But by the time it got to the base notes I had decided I most definitely did like it. The dry down on this is soft and subtle and sexy, I *need* a bottle.
positive I'm  men and I know this is a very femenine fragance, but I love it and I like how this wear to me. I don't know why young girls don't use this fragance... This fragance in a party girl should wear very nice.

blame on coco
positive *** UPDATE: 09/22/11  I am definitely more pleased with each wearing! I agree with other reviews in that this one seems to grow on you with time. While I absolutely LOVE Coromandel, Coco is more "comfortable". I can actually see me wearing it to rake leaves, shopping for used books, a date for pastry & coffee. Yes, I like it. :)

Today I sniffed Coco by Chanel for the third or fourth time. Decided to wear it. I took some steps to add a little longevity and I have to admit, I like it better this time. I loved the spicy, "sparkling" stuff at the beginning. The middle fell a little flat. I'm beginning to think I may not like jasmine? Then the base stepped up. I really enjoy the scent's warmth and hint of spice, but must say, I wish it ws "more". More spice, more heat more sweetness, more smoke, more something!

This is considered such a classic, I'll probably try it again, but so far, cannot justify a bottle... 


positive This might be my favorite Chanel. An intense warm floral, for some reason it reminds me a bit Hermes' 24, Faubourg, Guerlain's  Shalimar,  and also a bit of others Chanel fragrances like Bois Des Isles and No. 5. This vanilla and sweet base notes are just glorious!

Pure love. 

I just grew into this fragrance after not understanding it in my childhood. This scent to me now is so welcoming and perfect. I can picture myself enjoying it for many years to come.
positive I really wouldn't classify Coco Chanel as being an oriental spicy scent as I find that description to be very misleading. To me, Coco Chanel is an intense and rich floral.

I had almost given up on Chanel fragrances; I had disliked No.5 and No.19 with a passion and had only appreciated Allure in small quantities. However, Coco was such a sophisticated, feminine, seductive and classic fragrance. 

Coco is elegance and class in a bottle. The opening is a fresh burst of florals and the heart is a gloriously warm and spicy rose mixed with spices.

The drydown was absolutely divine with a beautiful aura of rich vanilla, making this fragrance's composition the result of a very talented and masterful perfumer.

I am far too young to wear this type of fragrance and get away with it, but I don't doubt I'll be revisiting this when I'm older.


positive My favorite Chanel after Coromandel.

I tried this in a provincial department store, back when I was a glum teenager who longed for the bright lights and the big city. I wanted to love it -- I wanted to be sophisticated, to be effortlessly chic just like Mlle Chanel. But I HATED Coco (of course, back then I sniffed too early, and the strong opening put me off). Disappointed, I snagged Coco Mademoiselle -- a scent I loved passionately but have now long outgrown -- instead.

Ten years later, I gave Coco another whirl. I was just starting to understand a little about perfume then, and though Coco didn't grab me, I liked her much better than before.

Today, I tried one more time. And you know... I am so sad I didn't love Coco from the get-go. I'm sad for all the days I didn't spend with her.

Truly, this is beautiful. Truly. I know the word "classic" is dreadfully overused but it DOES apply to Coco. It is a perfect composition. Each note is perfectly balanced, glowing warmly and sweetly, smiling up at you. Coco captures something timeless and eternal -- the exquisite strength of a young woman who relies on no-one, a girl of matchless wit and grace.

What is it about the best Chanels that awaken such deep emotion in me? This is for wet spring days, sleeting winter skies, hungover weekends and quiet introspection.

*****

If you're thinking of trying this because it's a "classic fragrance", but you know you aren't much of a connoisseur (and there is nothing wrong with that), do three things:

1. look for the EDP. Don't start out with the EDT, it's a little too harsh and it doesn't warm up in the same way as the EDP.

2. don't pay any attention to the first few minutes. Coco has the standard Chanel sledgehammer opening -- even if you like the scent of it, it can seem incredibly strong and that may bias you against the scent unnecessarily. Give a single spray on a pulse point, and then LEAVE it. Wait a good five minutes before sniffing.

3. don't berate yourself for not loving Coco immediately. (I know too many girls who own a bottle for the chic factor, but refuse to wear the scent because they "can't stand it". don't do that! it's so silly.) Put her back on the shelf and promise her you'll catch up with her later. Sniff around, shop around, and try her again sometime.
positive Coco brings to mind an image of a party girl.  Think Holly Golightly after a night of hard partying.  But really, it could be any girl who started out the evening looking like the cover of Vogue and ending up a Cosmopolitan outtake.  Her make-up is smeared, her hair dishevelled, she fell into her bed with her dress half off and her panty hose still on.  A brandy glass still in her hand.  She smells of a rich perfume that started out sharp and sexy and now has gone soft and silky.  Her sheets will smell of it for a week.  Even the cat likes it and has curled up under the girls' chin and fallen into the deepest sleep.  
For some reason when she awakens she does not feel as though the night before was a mistake.  She is relaxed, comfortable and cozy.  She drifts in and out of sleep, dreaming vaguely of France, where she's never been.  It's the Paris she's seen in movies.
When she gets out of bed she does not have a hangover.  She goes to her local bakery for a croissant and coffee.  She smells her wrist.  Coco is still there, sweeter than the cinammon bread.  She gazes out into the wet afternoon.
positive This one is pure emotion.
The emotion that one feels when is faced with an absolute masterpiece, a monument of perfumery world.
The "Venetian" oriental, halfway between Paris and the Orient, speaks for itself and it would be presumptuous to try to interpret it with words.
Jacques Polge has earned his place in the Olympus of perfume gods: this is perfumery conceived as an art.
Any perfume lover should test Coco at least once in his life, otherwise you might be missing everything.

positive I find the vintage form to only be flattering on me.  The modern version does absolutely nothing for me, nor does it smell nearly as good.
positive I'm not exactly a wealthy man, and don't have the bigger $$$ to drop on the parfum or EDP of Coco, so I'm reviewing my small bottle of the EDT here. I'm familiar with Coco, No. 5, and several masculine Chanels, and the thing I have to mention whenever reviewing something from this house is that these fragrances are "abstract"; they are not the concise pyramidal formulas of other houses, with easily identifiable top, middle, and basenotes. The general impression left by a classic Chanel like Coco is one of warmth, depth, softness, and quality. The EDT is no exception, although it is much leaner than its counterparts. With that said, I usually don't concur with the notes pyramids here on basenotes, but if ever there was one that captures the gist of the scent, it's this one - Coco does boast heady doses of mimosa, frangipani, and sweet citrus fruits over a rosy heart and vanillic labdanum base. However, none of these notes leap forward to take a starring role. The fragrance comes alive in a sweet and fruity haze, progresses rapidly into an array of powdery flowers, and eventually fades into the sugary mist from whence it came. Somewhere along the way I get a bubblegum effect, which soon trades up to a gauzy leather. Coco is certainly geared toward the feminine, but in 2011 these gender barriers are anachronisms. It is sweet, a little powdery, and a lot floral, but the spare leather effect of the EDT makes Coco a charming alternative to the brutal masculine orientals on the market today. 
positive a very attractive scent for a woman. giving compliments where theyre due.with a slight warmth vanilla cocoa presence.
positive 
I put a dab on filter paper and dropped it in a brandy snifter and covered it. Later, after sniffing out its progression, I put the snifter on a shelf and forgot about it. Two weeks later, when I wanted to test another fragrance, I smelled the snifter with the paper still in it, and got a transparently beautiful patchouli, rose/jasmine, cinnamon, and amber accord. This serendipitous experience was almost as impressive as the scent itself. Coco—stripped to its essential elements—superbly and cleanly elegant and refined…still carrying a surprising bit of olfactory substance.

Coco is forceful—sophisticatedly, femininely, and ornately forceful. It is based on that solid, elegant core of patchouli, rose/jasmine, cinnamon and amber. The other notes—aldehydes, coriander, peach, mimosa, clove, sandalwood, civet, vanilla, among others—are elegant decorations, decadent trimmings, grace notes to the core quartet. My experience echoes tigrushka’s description: “Coco is like the simplest possible Little Black Dress worn with the most barbaric gold jewelry.” Great call, Tigs...

Originally submitted  22 April 2007

positive I began my perfumista journey 2 years ago and have spent a lot of money on hundreds of samples, and had a wonderful time exploring and learning and reveling. Imagine my surprise at having Coco end up being my all time favorite? To me it is the most beautiful, gorgeous, wonderful smell in the whole world, ever and always. Amen.
positive Lovely.  Vintage (not too old - 90's?) EdP wears close to the body, dominated by a dried rose petal note which is slightly powdery & smoothed by underlying vanilla/tonka.  I'd have to love rose more to wear it regularly -- on a friend of mine, though, it's barely floral - oriental resin/wood/spice notes predominate, beautifully.
positive I tried this when it first came out, loved it, and for years wore nothing else. It has taken me a while to get the message that there's no law against a spot of philandering when it comes to perfumes - monogamy is such a waste of time when there are so many gorgeous fragrances out there - but I'll always have a bottle of Coco to come back to.
positive opulence...
positive I struggled in NYC in my twenties - trolling for pennies to buy bagels on the weekend....walking everywhere....dating for dinners..faking until I made it in the fashion industry. One Thanksgiving I was so tired of being afraid and lonely and broke -- and my mother and sister surprised me with a visit. They raved about my courage and my ambition and took me out to eat and bought me a bottle of the latest Chanel perfume, Coco, from Bergdorfs..That smell brought about a beatific moment that let me feel that by God's grace, I would  prevail. I must say Coco contains many 'holy' notes and does smell heavenly.  So whenever I am feeling average or doubt my ability, I remember that Thanksgiving and Coco's smell of encouragement. This is the one I give as a gift when I am feeling grand.

negative I wore this  20 some years ago , but it changed.  It's stronger but in a negative way for me.  I'm not  happy when I wear this.  It smothers me and makes me sad and I don't know  why.  My husband shelled out 60.00 for it as a present and I could not tell him I didn't like it...   There is a secret to this although, spray lightly.  As colors have different hues and shades, so does perfume and this is not a pastel! It's a dark hue.

neutral it's warm elegant and it's a league apart from the other Chanels. 95% of all Chanel perfumehave a cold metallic aldehyde note, this one doesn't it's warm with the opening of spicy coriander orange blossoms semi-sweetmandarin oranges with the predominant noteof juicy peach that which dominates Coco Chanel with nocturnal jasmine and delicate rose.Mimose dries the middle note cloves withit's pungent scent clover with it's earthy greenish note then it become deeper and more resinous with the opening of warm and sweetish amber labdanum petals sandalwood dry with aridtexture tonka bean makes it grounded and of course civet the animalistic styling finishes this scent beautifully.This was made in the 1980's but it has a austere 1940's elegance in a time when there was Wartime shortages simple tailored elegance broad shoulders ala Joan Crawford clean lines and that whatChanel wanted simple and elegant nothingultra feminine girlie with bright flowers just chic independent womanhood.
positive A sweet, minimalist fragrance.  I smell a 70's musk undercurrent.  Just the right amount of benzoin.  The caramel note is not as over-bearing as I thought it would be.  Prada Candy isn't bad at all, really.  I didn't expect to like it.  I imagined it would be tooth-ache sweet and well, it just isn't.

Not too loud, sweet, or dark - it would make a fine gift for a favorite loved one who enjoys perfume but, who isn't a total frag-head like most of us here.  It is just right, for a night on the town, too.  Big thumb's up for a designer perfume.
positive I like how this fragrance lives up to what I expected when smelling something named "candy" but it's not so literal of an interpretation that a single note is all that you get. (like Pink Sugar). I detect the caramel most strongly but there is a nice addition of benzoin which gives it the powdery dry down. The musk is blended so seamlessly that it doesn't even seem to stand out but it just adds something to the composition that keeps the saccharine sweetness at bay, as benzoin is also a resin sweetness that can make something smell a little like powdery maple syrup if overdone. Musk and benzoin together make a low key powder + woods combo which added to the caramel makes it more interesting and still recognizably sweet, but with a little something extra. 

It is somewhat linear in terms of development, but the scent is never overpowering or "too much" at any stage of wear so I do not mind. Sillage is more close to the skin for me, and that is probably due to the musk, but sometimes I like keeping my fragrance close to me and more intimate, which is what someone who considers gourmand/sweet scents a "guilty pleasure" might be happy to hear. This one will give whisps of a sweet scent trail but it doesn't just stick to you in a heavy cloud which allows you to not constantly smell yourself and get tired of the scent. Longevity is all day for me, 6-8 hours, which is about what I would expect from a standard designer scent release. I usually only apply about 2-3 sprays. 

I can't remember if this is an Eau de Parfum of Eau de Toilette and my bottle is not close by to check but regardless I think this is a nice quality scent for someone who likes sweet scents but wants a little more depth to it than just straight vanilla extract or burnt sugar. I've never regretted applying this once it's on, and also is very easy to layer with. 

I recommend anyone to test this scent on their skin but it won't be for everyone. It's a very middle of the road sweet scent so if you find youself on the extreme ends of the spectrum in your gourmand obsession or you just don't like sweet scents at all, you will not enjoy this one. If you can appreciate sweet scents with more going on beneath the surface, give it a try. 
positive I get fruit before caramel. Despite this note, I’d name it a light (only) gourmand. The opening is very alcoholic and clean musky, with a bit of flower as well. The projection could be better. 
positive If you've ever been to Main Street in Disney World there is a little candy shop where they hand dip caramel apples for sale.  Prada's Candy zooms me right back to my childhood staring at the hand dipped caramel Mouse-shaped apples.  Prada's Candy perfectly meshed together Kraft Caramel squares with a British toffee sauce into one cute bottle.  

Burnt sugar and milk together, with a hint of the musk to wrap it together.

Problem is, I don't want to smell like caramel and toffee all day.  Some do, I get that.  Simplistic gourmand, singular scent done well. 
positive When I first sprayed it on the paper, it smelt litterally nothing at all. Then I tried on my skin, same effect, nothing. I walked out of store disappointed and sniffed the wrist on my way home, that's when the yummy caramel starts show its charm.

It's creamy, smells almost pure caramel, slightly salty and sour to balance the sweetness. It's straight and doesn't evolve much, not sophiscated that's sure, but very efficient. It's a cheerful scent for autumn and winter. It lasts 8h+ on me and the sillage is not bad. If you're a fan for caramel, you really should give it a try, and be a little bit patient to well savour it.

I thought the bottle was tacky and the campaign looked silly. But after testing the perfume my mind changed completely. It's such a playful illustration for the perfume.

Originally written in 2013
positive As a girl who is quite obsessed with sugary sweets and products that show off my femininity, I knew I had to try Prada Candy. The name and the packaging seemed right up my alley, so I decided to give it a go. 

I used the little rollerball sample you can find at the department store and walked around for a bit, letting it settle in. The scent is exactly how you'd think a perfume called Candy should smell like: cotton-candy/caramel-y/sugary sweetness. It's not sickeningly sweet or cloying in the least. Combined with a little bit of musk, it gives it a nice note of warmth to balance it out. 

As much as I'm in love with this product, it simply doesn't have impressive longevity. Once I roll it on, in multiple pulse points I might add, it only stays for a couple of hours. However, I recently bought a full-sized bottle, and though I doubt it'll make much of a difference, I'll see how it does when it is distributed in spray form, on my skin and on my clothes. With just the rollerball, I find myself having to reapply often. 

However, considering this is one of the few perfumes that I truly love (a lot of perfumes are much too heavily scented for me and make me feel nauseous), the light, sugary scent of this is worth it. If you don't mind the hassle of reapplying, this really is a perfume worth looking into.
positive Prada Candy is a lighthearted, stupid/clever tribute to benzoin that's exactly calibrated to the point of of maximum resinousness.  Sure, it's sweet, but it's not any sweeter than, say, Shalimar, or most Guerlains, to be honest.  It's not the least bit edgy, but its emphasis on one of the geekiest notes in perfumery is borderline subversive.  There's no fake strawberry or confected "patchouli," and the alleged caramel notes don't smell gooey.  And there's no distracting vanilla.   Do the little girls that buy this know (or care)?  Even the citrus/floral combo at Candy's opening is restrained; it feels, almost, kind of, elegant.  It gives the early stages of the perfume a nice lift before it integrates quite gracefully into the composition, so that (despite its name) Candy smells like perfume and never turns too foody.

This stuff has a way of melting into skin and then just sort of emanating a kind of gentle softness, almost like the texture of a musk--you smell sweet, resinous skin rather than sweet, resinous aromachemicals.  Sillage is discreet, which is right where it should be; this stuff could get painful at higher volumes (benzoin-triggered headaches are the *worst*--for me, they always involve nausea).  And this stuff lasts, and lasts, and lasts; I have no idea what some other reviewers are talking about when they complain about its disappearing from skin.  It has be olfactory fatigue, because I can still smell it at eight-plus hours.

My only complaint about Candy is a slightly plastic musk that occasionally pokes through in the middle stages of wear.  But that bit of weirdness comes and goes, and eventually resolves in a drydown that restates the original resinous theme, garnished with a touch of something powdery that almost feels like iris.  Here as elsewhere (i.e., Infusion d'Iris and its cogeners), Prada's house perfumer Daniela Andrier demonstrates her facility with popular-but-interesting, fun-but-tasteful perfumes that any woman could wear pretty much anywhere and smell good without scaring the horses.

So, overall, Candy came as a pleasant surprise.  It's not complicated, but there's more to it than meets the eye, or the nose--whatever.  It reminds me of Marilyn Monroe (with those ridiculous glasses) in How to Marry a Millionaire--all wide eyes, blonde curls, bodacious curves, and wicked timing--with her quirky intelligence simmering under the ditzy surface.  

And I think the enameled bottle is kind of cute.  
positive It's a simply sweet, candy-like scent, but it's a sweetness that makes me smile and doesn't make me throw up. I find it tolerable on the sweetness scale. Very nice.
positive Is it me or are most of today’s mainstream releases intentionally concocted to wear exclusively close to the skin, with little to no sillage?

Prada Candy is a frustrating example, a luscious gourmand interwoven with an intriguing smoky note that at times smells like burnt sugar and at others like stale cigarette ashes. It’s a wonderful, extremely clever scent, and one that I’d love to wear more often. But the only way I can enjoy is to continually huff at my wrist. Which just looks silly in public.

Edited 2020: 

Recently started wearing this again, and I have no idea what my initial experience with this stuff was about because now it hangs around forever. Which is a good thing—this stuff is fantastic. Upgraded to a Thumbs Up.
positive   Personally, I think both the name of this perfume and the girlie picture on the box are a bit misleading. Both of those things made me think that this was going to be one of those very cute, sweet, innocent types of scents. It really, really isn't. 
  Truthfully, this is a big, bold smoky-vanilla oriental fragrance, done in the same style as Shalimar. Or, in any case, Shalimar is what it immediately brings to mind. It is very bold and very sexy, but not really overly "feminine" or girlie. Actually, girlie is probably the very last word I would choose to describe this kind of perfume. The word "girlie" conveys a sense of "innocence" (to me, anyway) and this perfume is nothing of the sort! 
   It is bold, heavy, smoky, mysterious, dark and very, very sexy. It's great as an evening fragrance or for very special occasions. Although I like it, I don't think I would want to wear it every day. 
  PS: I've been wearing this now for a few hours, and actually, as others have said, this perfume is not all that long lasting. It kind of fades out after a bit. Also, yes, in the dry down I agree that it ends up smelling like ginger snaps! 
positive Salutation.

The name of this perfume describes the scent just perfectly: CANDY!PRADA CANDY tells everything at hello and will have him salivate and ask for seconds with its gourmand,yummy base under the polished charming heart and vanilla,musk and lush top notes of its scent. it smells like a well balanced lollipop not too sweet,not to sour. Modern,Creamy,Powdery, Girlish, playful, Vanillic,Charming and Delicious.

This scent is all about energy and seduction a plyful girl who will be attracted.cheerful and yummy notes of sweet vanilla with tonka bean,benzoin and musk with a sensual creamy base notes of caramel add comfort and warmth to this sweet scent which is as prettily charming as the girlish images that accompany its launch.

It reminds me of something a little girl would wear when playing dress up.this flirty scent is for a young girl to wear as it evoking images of flirtation and fun with a playful and active girl in a coffe shop when you have to eat a vanilla ice-cream.it is a daytime scent in Autumn/Winter.A nice gift for a birthday too.

Sillage?Nice.

Longevity?Above Average on my skin.

6.75/10

positive As others have stated, I'm not sure what prompted me to buy a 1 oz. bottle of this at $68 but buy it I did.  Overall, I like this perfume, I really do.  It is a HUGE departure from my usual "go to" perfumes; however in general, I like Prada Candy a lot.

Preparing for an upcoming cruise, I didn't have the time or the usual money to buy my beloved Aqua di Parma Magnolia Noble or Frederic Malle Musc Ravageur, etc.  So, off I went to Ulta to seek out perfumes.  With the Caribbean in mind and having recently used some Philosophy creams, I had candy, cotton-candy, bubble gum, pink and something sweet on my mind.  Initially, I was torn between Candy and Vince Camuto Amore but I settled on Prada Candy 'cause I disliked Camuto Amore's more floral dry-down.

This fragrance is very warm, dry, a bit powdery, simple & sweet.  Like others, I fail to detect much of this scent after I spritz it on myself; however others DO smell it and seem to like it.  Uncomplicated, the dry-down is definitely a tacky caramel base.  There is musk, vanilla...the usual sweet gourmand array of today's latest "pink" perfumes.  Unlike others, I do not find this fragrance overly strong, intense or sickeningly sweet in any way.

I must reiterate (as others have stated) that Candy is a very wearable, unoffensive, simple & pretty perfume.  I cannot see a young child or teen wearing this...in a funny way, it seems too "old" to be worn by a young person.  With that said, I think it will be fine for the cruise and for the upcoming summer.  Will see how I feel after using a 1 oz. bottle.  Not sure I'd repurchase it at this point in time.
positive This is sweet, but not as much as the name might suggest, and there's plenty of darker notes to add a balance. This stuff is pretty light and non-offensive. The sweetness makes it wearable for kids, but the structure behind the sweetness makes it ok for adults too. It's a little bit of an homage to Chanel No. 5, I think, with the sweetness providing the new signature. 

It smells a little like ginger snap cookies in the dry down.
positive Gorgeous perfume, it receives a lot of compliments but I don't smell it nearly as much as I'd like to?
The bottle is cute.
positive Got this perfume among others for Christmas. At first I thought that I wouldn't like it, simply because of the name 'Candy'--way too little-girl, and I like feminine, bold scents--but I tried it a few times and got a bunch of compliments. It's a very warm, dry, sweet scent. I like the caramel/vanilla blend, but there's an odd background that somehow makes this perfume more sophisticated. Overall, I like it...it's not my favorite, but it's something different, and I might even buy more if I run out.
positive Prada Candy was a blind buy for me, and I'm happy I took the gamble. I love sweet scents, and this is a grown up, more dressy and less "sticky" version of Pink Sugar. Candy is sweet, but also has a dry, powdery hint when first applied. It dries and lingers with a caramel and musk (?) vibe. 
positive Smells like plastic coated in sugar.

I imagine it would attract wasps.
positive I love most perfumes with a strong benzoin note, and vanille gourmands as well. This is heaven for me. I do get the similarities with l'eau Ambree (they seem to share the same base) and Infusion d'Iris though the latter is much to powdery to suit my nose. 

Candy is one I wear to bed dabbed in the crook of my arm at least 4 nights a week. The smell is so comforting and relaxing. I find it does smell very different dabbed than sprayed. It brings out the richness of the scent, and creates only enough sillage to smell oneself occasionally. Sprayed, it can become to sharp for my nose. It's as if the wrong notes come to the forefront, and the lovely base becomes too light. 

For those that think this disappears, I guarantee others can smell you! My MIL wears this, and after one spray In the morning, I can smell her later in the day... she smells fantastic! Also, I can smell this on my laundry for at least two days after I wear it. 

This will surely be one of my all time favorites long after it's popularity dies down. Send all your unwanted bottles my way, I'm hoarding this. lol



negative As a guy, I was curious to check this one out, being a fan of several of the men's scents from Prada.

The opening showed promise, with the characteristic camphor-like benzoin note and interesting caramel rich and sweet note.  It smelled like a decent, balanced oriental lady perfume that I'd not recoil from.  But...

The musk in the drydown has the smell of, well, slight lady's body odor.  It didn't come across as pleasant, but more so animalic in a somewhat undignified, unwashed way.  Too bad: At least from my pov, the musk could have been dialed back more, and the other elements could have stood out better.

Granted, my experience is purely from a male perception, coming from a sample vial sprayed on my hand. Take it for what it's worth.
negative    If you wish to smell like dusty caramel this might be your treat, but I just can't get behind this simpering sweet-toothed creation. As with many foody scents it overstays its welcome, so points for longevity, at least.
negative I received fragrance sampler kits from Sephora for Christmas.  I wasn't impressed with any of the included samples.  I was hoping Prada Candy would be a warmer, richer, more mature gourmand.  Instead, it is extremely sweet and dries to a burnt caramel finish.  This might be okay for a teenager, but I wouldn't recommend it for adults.

neutral This is a pretty scent, but I do not get any caramel in this. Perhaps I'm scent blind to whatever set of chemicals make up that impression. 

This has very strong powder notes with a hint of musk and a warm resinous base. If I didn't already know that there is supposed to be a candy caramel quality to this, I would have never known. I can't tell if I can smell a faint burnt toffee note (with some metallic hints??) in it or if it's wishful thinking. I will admit that I just ate milk chocolate toffee lace cookies. Perhaps that is overpowering the candy notes in this. I feel like I've smelled this once before and had similar difficulties, though. 

On dry skin in warm/dry weather this is a skin scent after about 20 minutes. Nary a sillage and lasting power is fairly weak at about 3-5 hours (determined by my own, as well as a second, opinion). Still, as I said it's a pretty scent, just not really one that reflects "me".
neutral The musk and the caramel opening reminds me of those Big Foot candies I used to get as a kid- synthetic "strawberry", plastic-like. 

Sometimes early on I get a whiff of something that almost resembles CK Be, with strawberry and musk instead of peach and musk.

The candy notes fade eventually and Candy becomes an inoffensive musky, sweet vanilla scent.

My girlfriend really likes it, I honestly prefer her Amazing Grace by Philosophy.
neutral Floral caramel plus candied-plastic-musky benzoin. Pleasant but kind of "anonimous". There is something vaguely minty in the blend, a sort of lingering aromatic-vanillic muskiness. I get the spicy-honeyed caramel, vaguely burnt-sugary, resinous and finally powdery. Caramel seems kind of honeyed, floral-infused (iris, gardenia, jasmine??), vanillic-cinnamonic and vaguely cocoa-veined, the note of benzoin is synthetic and somewhat cellophane-oriented. Appalling bottle. Nothing furthermore to add.
neutral Wow. I cannot smell a bit of candy, vanilla or musk in this. It almost smells like gardenia on me, but not quite. It does smell synthetic. Candy makes me sneeze, so I won't be wearing this and it doesn't smell good on me anyway. It is strange what body chemistry can do to a cologne.
neutral An opening dominated by overly synthetic white musks, with a drydown of strong benzoin-vanilla aroma.  Quite sickeningly sweet on my skin - I am sure sampling it can cause tooth decay. After a couple of hours a caramel base develops that is quite pleasant, and the base is the least cheaply done part.  Good sillage and projection, with a decent overall longevity of six hours.  Good before puberty. 
neutral I do really like the smell of Candy, it is a sweet toffee gaurmond but the throw & lasting power is very poor on me. I have to push my nose right into my skin, exactly where I sprayed to smell so I rarely wear the samples I got.. Not worth the price of a full bottle to me.
neutral Party GirlPrada Candy opens with the expected toffee and candy floss and then settles with a dull thud. I understand that candy is supposed to smell like, um, something that Barbie would wear to casual events and perhaps I shouldn't be disappointed; but I am. After about 15 minutes, the candy note still dominates, and a strange musk starts to emerge--a gross synthetic musk that seems to fight with the cloying c-c-c-c-candy. In 20 years, someone is going to write a review and point out that Candy smells so 2011.
neutral It opens with that caramel taste that you get when it's stuck in your teeth, that juicy sticky caramel.  But it has a fruitiness in the background, almost like there is fruit water somewhere there.  It is interesting how the caramel is ambery and is almost too sweet, but this is balanced out pretty well by the wateriness that feels like a mist of water drops has somehow mixed with it.  Please note:  This is only from the wafting - I haven't got to how it smells close to skin yet!

When I put my nose close to my arm, I get the familiar dry licorice wood of Serge Lutens Un Bois Vanille in there, and there's something almost salty in there.  It must be the dryness of the wood that is making me think of salt.  Either way though, the scent is much rounder and fuller on skin than it is when it wafts.  I will be honest; on my skin, the wafting could get cloying for a fussy person near me.  Other reviewers disagree, but then everyone's skin is different.

It dries down to a drier vanillic resin.  The caramel is always present, but I find the drydown (which occurs pretty quickly) very very similar to Un Bois Vanille (yes, I'll keep mentioning this one), but with a slightly saltier and less rounded drydown. I do like this part, but because I have something similar, I keep wishing the juicy caramel lasted longer.  It's just as well though - I might get a toothache if the sticky caramel stage lasted too long.

I will say this:  The fragrance doesn't change too much on my skin, but it does do something very unfortunate;  it gets eaten by my skin in a very short time.  Now, this would be alright if it were a cheap fragrance, but it's 50 Euro for only 30 ml!!!  Now that would be worth it if there was a) many hours of pleasure and b) some sort of complex development - but there isn't.
neutral I would never have even gone near this if I hadn't been buying a perfume for my daughter. I had gone to the Guerlain counter as any sensible mother would and we tried many. The lovely patient Guerlain lady asked her what smell she liked best and she said 'toffee'. The lovely SA then whisked off and bought her this one off another stand and it brought an immeadiate smile to the young daughters face. Caramelised toffee with vanilla musk and a dose of balsamic benzoin. I think I would rather eat it on ice cream myself, but certainly much less unpleasant than it sounds. It has a certain dryness, like a grown up sweetie more than a childlike one. More gourmand caramel with an orris feel. My young daughter absolutely loved it, so it does have a market.... I cannot give it a green as I couldn't possibly wear it, but it was fairly pleasant. I didn't hate it, and I expected to. It dries down to a really rather sophisticated dry burnt caramel orris musk.
positive Quite sweet and powdery to my nose.  A defining metrosexual fragrance.  I had Cuba Gold before I got to sample this classic from 1995, but the dry down is very similar.  The opening of Le Male is better and so is the performance, but otherwise, you get the same powdery sweet lavender plus vanilla/amber combo that’s been working it’s magic for decades now.

The current formulation has decent projection without being too loud and lasts 7-8 hours.
positive Started as a teenager and have been wearing it ever since. Le Male has a strong cinnamon vanilla and lavender note, creating a scent to make women weak at the knees. My signature! 
positive Its got a nice mix of lavender, vanilla, mint thing going on.  It becomes an accord to me, melding together to smell "le male"ish.  Powdery, synthetic, sure.  If it didn't have that terrible bottle I'd own it.  Performance is good.  A respectable fragrance.  
positive JPG is awesome simple as that. Sure it has its time and place, i like to wear it when its a little chilly out with a descent outfit for going out. just like 1 million and invictus etc the frag will have its haters. But like i say, if your goal in a frag is to get noticed and get compliments then this is one of those. I guarantee anytime you wear it someone or several people will stop and ask what your wearing or tell you "omg you smell so good". Isn't that the point afer all?
positive I wish I had tried this before reformulation; as the smell is great, but it barely lasts me 3 hours in projection/longevity. The drydown scent is AMAZING, and I would rate it much higher, but the endurance of the aroma is nonexistent.
positive Jean-Paul Gaultier Le Mâle (1995) is a very important fragrance, and indeed a very controversial fragrance in the world of perfume. This was Jean-Paul Gaultier's debut masculine and it set the world alight with it's bizarre tin can packaging and risqué muscular male torso bottle with sailor shirt stripes to match the previous year's Classique (1993) and it's bare-chested feminine bust. Le Mâle did several things at once upon release: it established perfumer Francis Kurkdjian as his first creation (and arguably most successful one); it's loud and bombastic smell cut through the club scene like a hot knife through butter and was the de facto king of that scene until Paco Rabanne 1 Million arrived in 2008; it unintentionally gave the gay community on the male/male side a champion scent due to it's bottle design, bright smell, and "sailor boy" aesthetic that was in line with gay ideals of male beauty. You simply couldn't get away from this stuff in the club scene, and even after scents like Curve for Men (1996), and Givenchy Pi (1999) started taking nibbles at Le Mâle's dominance in more mixed clubbing company, it continued to rule the gay scene for years to come, and is still a strong contender even in the face of the aforementioned 1 Million in clubs of all kinds across the globe. 

In fact, Le Mâle has perhaps become too successful for it's own good, which fuels the controversy around it's artistic merits because everyone was just overexposed to it back then like they were 1 Million, and more-recently Dior Sauvage (2015). The scent's famous artemisia and mint opening is much to blame for it's shrill piercing of hot nightclub air, but it isn't quite an ozonic as it doesn't have a huge grapefruit note, but just the usual bitter bergamot and a contrasting cardamom note. Le Mâle is all about contrasts, which is how it gets to be so freakishly loud without being cloying like Joop Homme (1989) at similar volume levels. Cinnamon and dirty cumin is opposed by fresh lavender and orange blossom, showing Francis Kurkdjian borrowing a play from Edmond Roudnitska in the "dirty but clean, virile but pleasant" department, but the base ends up taming this beast at the end. Sandalwood, cedar, tonka, amber, and vanilla act as a forgiving security blanket that hides the diametrically-opposed notes in the top and middle. By the time Le Mâle is (finally) a skin scent, only wisps of the mint and lavender really remain to mix with the heavier, creamier, and powdery base, making this a very barbershop-like smell in it's final throes. I actually get a bit irritated by this finish, but wearing it on shirt helps keep the top around longer. There really isn't another fougère like this one (outside of clones), and the performance is beyond this world. Expect 10 hours plus of good detectable sillage and projection way past an arm's length. Best use is pretty much all seasons save the dead of summer, but obviously this smell is associated most with the night life.

Le Mâle is finally starting to appear dated around it's 25-year mark, and like other notorious period scents from the 90's such as Nautica (1992) and Tommy by Tommy Hilfiger (1995), is so inexorably linked to the decade of its birth that even in the gay scene (where it had the longest clubbing lifespan), it's seen as "old-school", which hurts it's wearability. If loud mint, bergamot, lavender, spice and vanilla traffic jams sound like something you could dig, you can't go wrong with Le Mâle, but if you were duly overexposed to it like I was, then you can appreciate it's importance but never bring yourself to wear it more than occasionally, a single bottle lasting a lifetime, or wear it again in some cases. Nuclear performance is the name of Le Mâle's game, but much of the notes used here inform of later Kurkdjian creations for his own MFK label, and has come in so many different packaging editions that it's also become a darling with collectors. The scent has always been something of a love/hate, but in no way am I dismissing the entire Le Mâle line, as there have been many different and nice flankers in the years since, a good portion of which are also designed by Francis Kurkdjian. A famous fresh, jarring, semi-powdery fougère scent that is instantly recognizable but not versatile like most things of its ilk. Thumbs up
positive The legendary Le Male by Jean Paul Gaultier... Introduced in 1995, it is one of the most successful - and most copied - perfumes of all time, that really influenced the way male perfumery advanced ever since.

Being the second perfume I ever got back in 2000 (5 years after its release and still being extremely popular back then), there are so many memories tied with its smell. I believe that Le Male is the kind of male perfume that every single perfume enthusiastic should smell as an introduction to what male perfumery was and still is all about. It is exceptional in its own way and - while it may smell a bit dated after so many copies of its smell being released, from male perfumes to... car deodorants, still stays relevant to JPG brand philosophy. You may love it, you may hate it but you have to give it a try.

Nice longevity, ideal projection - I feel that it is a bit watered down nowadays, compared to the original formula though, which is not a bad thing, considering the fact that the original formula could stay on skin for 24 hours and more. I remember going to the pool wearing the original formula years ago and having people around telling me that the whole pool water smells like Le Male. 

Apart from all the flankers of Le Male that JPG released (which all have been kind of fail - except Ultra Male and the new Le Male Essence), in my opinion the only perfume that took Le Male base and developed it to something modern and powerful is Prada Luna Rosa Extreme. 

In conclusion Le Male is a milestone in male perfumery, something that being in market for 21 years proves. While I am not sure if it is the way I want to smell in 2016, it has always been a steady presence in my perfume collection, something I love to visit from time to time.

*This review was written after several full wearings of the perfume and not just after smelling this on paper or on wrist.
positive Not something I would wear nowadays as it reminds me of being a very young man up to no good.

Still a great scent and remember when I sampled it for the first time. It smelt so damn good. Really different and unique. Girls went crazy fro the stuff!! 

Oh...........Those were the days!
positive I tried this when I first started getting into fragrance. I almost bought it on a blind buy because I thought the bottle looked cool. Luckily I tried it at the mall before doing so. I didn't like it and went with Versace Eros instead. That was about a year and a half ago.

This past weekend, I saw 1.7 ounce bottles for about $25 and went for it. I'm glad I did. The scent grew on me.

I'm getting a combination of vanilla and lavender from this one, and maybe tonka bean. It's a pleasant scent for this time of year. I would recommend it whenever it's chilly out, but it probably won't do so well in warmer weather.

Unfortunately, it doesn't have adequate projection or longevity. It smells nice, but the performance is lacking. Maybe it would make a nice date fragrance since proximity matters, but that's about it.
positive Classic.  But I think a bit played out so no longer in my rotation.
positive A legendary, polarizing and ever popular oriental scent that will always be my favorite.  I've seen several attempts by different fragrance houses to recreate Le Mâle (sometimes convincingly, other times even improving on it); but THIS is the defining sensual experience that, after all these years, still delights (and annoys) many.

For me, the lavender, mint, vanilla, cumin, and sandalwood are well formulated.  There is that Clubman Pinaud vibe here (that pleasant powder in the green bottle used in barbershops after a haircut).  The bottle is always a shocker to behold, and the tin can is unique, too! 

The flankers that have come (and gone) all take the Le Mâle mystique and enhance specific notes.  In the case of the "La Cologne Tonique" set, the fragrance serves the role of a bracing, tastefully muted body spray.  But for me, it's hard to dislike the retakes on this one (save for Ultra Male, a radical remake that is its own scent).  A dependable, always pleasant experience...Le Mâle will remain in my top favorites of all time.

positive This is beyond a classis.  Of all scents that I have owned, and still own, this is the only one that I have purchased and gone through numerous bottle, plus also the after shave balm.

From bottles that are over $1,000 to mid range to low end... This one has always stood out.  The scent brings up good memories, good times in my life, and I have never not enjoyed this scent.

I do not wear it out often as it is not a unique scent, however I do use it before bed.  Such a happy and calming scent for me.
positive Not much more, if anything can be said about this one. This was the first designer fragrance that I was really exposed to and absolutely loved the smell of. It will get hate due to its popularity as much as people who genuinely dislike it's scent. I had a friend who picked out ginger in this one which was probably the cinnamon/orange/cumin I guess. Can't say I get ginger... or lavender for that matter which seems to be a very dominant note quoted by the majority. All I know is I get a very pleasant smell that for me is the same now as it was in the late 90s. Above average sillage and longevity and a real classic for any wardrobe.
positive Review and Ratings based on the original formulation.

Years ago I watched the commercial, where guys are changing from their stripes shirts to formal suits. As soon as i watched that commercial (I believe was aired from the year 1995), I knew I had to get it. I had to wait some more time, and after possessing 2 fragrances (In which were given to be as gifts), I had to buy my very fragrance ever. It had to be Le Male. 

All I can say is, that this fragrance is a memory. Yeah, Memory in a Bottle. Enough Said. 

Thanks.  
positive Lavender.  Lavender. Lavender.  But in a good way :)
positive Judging from the positive reviews and love this fragrance gets, I made a blind buy ( actually 90% of my scents are).. 

It smells pretty nice as it projects. Smelt directly from the skin I gets a rough, synthetic after-smell.. Lots of vanilla in this one. 

Maybe it's because it was re formulated, I don't get the beast mode longevity and projection everybody talks about.. I even wore 4-5 sprays on a hot day, barely got notices.. 

Still happy it's in my small collection.. Barely escaped a neutral..

6-7/10

positive Salutation.

Yes LE MALE!This one is really great.elegant is the perfect way to describe.strong and definitely FRENCH style.masculine,beautiful,like a dream.

In my opinion Le MALE is clearly not for everyone.you either love or hate it.one spray is enough for long hours.well balanced and the base it very lovely for me.

One of the best fragrances in winter nights for me.perfect for smart stylish man.and one of the word is magical.

Thank You JPG.

82.5/10

negative After all these years, I can say with full confidence that I just don't like Le Mâle.  It feels good to finally get that off my chest...

I think almost everyone knows what this smells like by now, but if you don't, it's basically a lavendor/tonka fougere, sweetened with vanilla, cinnamon, and coumarin, kind of soapy and powdery, but kept from turning into a gourmand by a mix of exhaust-fume terpines, bleach, plasticky diaper musk, and smegma.

It actually kind of reminds me of Shalimar, but if Shalimar were reimagined by a punky gay weirdo who thought it would be funny to get unsuspecting people to wear a classic musk perfume that uses bleachy dried up sperm instead of musk.  As such, I get the joke, and I acknowledge the artistry, and the wink-and-nod to history, and the iconoclasm.  But I still think this smells nasty.
negative Synthetic at its best. Powdery synthetic scent. I dont get anything in it, it's too lame to separate the notes. I only get some "artificial" lavender. Hmmm...


negative Does nobody else get shaving foam, herbs and mustiness?

**/*
negative I've bought 125 ml for 40 €
I'm not an expert on reformulations. 
The scent is classy and great. I've owned dupes of this fragrance. 
Le male in its current state is not worth the money. Sillage is poor and the dry down is not that great. 
Kindlooks for 5 dollars is better and the sillage is far better than JPG LE MALE. 
negative I don't like to ramble on about reformulation's but this one is totally spoiled now ..it's dry and has lost all of its opulence and density..highly synthetic and basically its not been treasured or treated with any respect by the company that currently formulate it. I gave it away to my 14 year old nephew ..he likes it so at least it wasn't a complete waste of money.
negative The original JPG Le Male from the 90s was a masterpiece & had tremendous performance! Le Male has since been reformulated & most retailers are selling the reformulation. The reformulated version of Le Male does not smell or perform nearly as good as the original. It is not powdery, nor is it a powerhouse! I find it woodier in the dry-down. The vintage is a much darker juice/better formulation. A reformulated bottle will last 5 hours at most on my skin & project for the first hour. It is a shame that the house destroyed a beautiful fragrance. Not worth it - only buy if you can find the vintage juice!
negative I happened to be living in London when this was launched and was running into Harrod's on an errand when, right inside the door, a woman with a spritzer grabbed my arm and asked if I wanted to try this new scent.  Before I could answer, I was given a dose and I quickly moved on.  Before I was twenty steps into the store I knew that something was wrong.  Very wrong. What she sprayed on me was so vile, so gross, that I went straight to the men's room to wash it off.  It was on me ten minutes or so and I sniffed at it the whole time, wondering what was so "off" about this scent.  I was probably wearing Bel Ami at the time, so strong scents were no problem.  I also love Caron PuH and Ungaro II, and the vanilla lavender combo is a favorite, so what was so wrong?  To me it smelled overly strong, overly sweet and oddly bestial--and not in a good way (and as I mentioned, I like the civet in Ungaro II!).  Very similar to my reaction to Kouros, even though they are very different fragrances.  Even after a scrub in the gent's I emanated its evil odor for the rest of the day and felt like I needed to apologize to strangers who drifted into my wake.  Oddly enough, I have smelled it on other men since where it smelled just fine--actually tame and minty-fresh barbershop-like.  I might even like it now that it has been reformulated but I can never forget the visceral reaction that I had on first trying it. 

neutral I was looking for something different, no Le Male at all, but began to test several fragrances at a local Belk.  I got to Le Male and thought.  It smelled like something I already have, Body Kuros.  I do not know if BK has been reformulated but my juice in over a decade or so old now.  So my nose, from both, gets a spicy sweetness.  It is ok, but not something I would want to wear. I only wear BK a couple times a year. I cannot speak for longevity but the initial power is strong. I do not like the sticky sweet of it but others may find this appealing.   
neutral So I was out of my bottle which I got from my friends 11 years ago. So I purchased a 200 ML bottle for 60 euros. Bargain I thought for such an awesome smell, butt (yes, double T f....., thats how I felt)... WTF?!? Why the hell would you REFORMULATE YOUR BEST SELLING PERFUME JPG?!?! WHY?!?

Scent
Scent itself is a masterpiece, but this one smells less powdery than my previous bottle and more aqua...

8/10

Projection
Poor, ok projection for the first 90 minutes then it's bye bye kansas. My previous was a beast projection.

3/10

Longevity
Poor, getting max 5 hours. Used to get 15 hours of longevity. Stays over 24 hours on clothes though.

5/10

Versatile
Less suited for winter.

9/10

------
6.3 overall score

Neutral score cause of the scent and versatile score. I am so disappointed, not gonna buy this anymore. Well, atleast it was cheap, 100 ml for 30 euros. Poor projection and longevity and the whole world owns it now. There are better perfumes than this. 


neutral Powdery,sweet,gives me a nausea's feeling ,,,,really synthetic probably nice at a distance..Think i prefer it on others as opposed to myself...
If you like this frag and wished it was on another level then go for Amouage Reflection man....Stunning,upperclass,totally well blended scent similar to le male but on another level totally and goes a different direction at points...but yes similar.
neutral My nickname for this fragrance is "man in a can" because well, that's what the packaging is.

This is a good fragrance. The combination of mint, lavender, and vanilla has been duplicated many times, but this is still the original and best. However, at least where I live, men overspray this one quite frequently. One of my friends started wearing Le Male once, and he used so much that he could choke a small room.

So go ahead and wear Le Male - but please, don't overspray.
neutral Le Male is one of my few blind buys, and I regret it. It is constructed around a minty lavender opening and heart, and a sweet base of vanilla, musk and amber. I get some faint spices and woods throughout its lifespan on skin, but the trinity of mint, lavender and vanilla dominates everything else. While it scores for being quite original in scope and execution, I don't personally find the overall scent to be very agreeable. Moreover it seems to diffuse this sophomoric vibe and I cannot take it seriously at all. After hearing about all the wonders, I find its performance on my skin to be pretty average. 

For some reason I feel this would smell better on a woman. But I'm not recommending it to anyone. 
neutral sweet,fresh,sometimes annoying i'd say.Average longevity and projection for me
positive It is a fresh, cool and modern perfume.
The scent is soapy and lavendery.
It is an oriental-fougere type of perfume.  

It is a very popular perfume. 
I liked it so much, I bought it even though it is a man's perfume. So defiantly thumbs up for it. 
positive Thats a monster!!! but a good monster so good that it has became so common that I could not wear it any more.
Vanilla mixed with candy sweetness cinnamon and pepper with monster longevity and projection.
the bottle is just....bad!
positive I really enjoy this scent especially the dry down. I would say it's quite unique to other colognes on the market. all the notes fit together perfectly. I would only wear this scent in the winter as its quite gourmand like. In my opinion le male is one of the best gourmand fragrance out there. I would defiantly recommend this but I would say test before you buy because it might not be for everyone.
positive I am surprised I have never smelled this on anyone where I live besides myself. I love this notes in this one. One would think that mint, lavender, and vanilla would not work well together but they combine so well together to form a truly unforgettable scent. I always receive compliments in this scent and my wife is madly in love with this scent. A great fall and winter time fragrance.
positive an excellent fragrance overall excellent projection and longevity. i use this one for fall and winter. for school or office wear only wear one spray but for dates or going out 2-3. no more than 3 sprays. its just that mine came with a defective pump :(. but i will exchange it.
positive The opening is on another level to anything I've worn before. Powerful, juicy and mouthwatering. The projection before it dries is a force to be reckoned with. The drydown is also nice and this stuff lingers on the skin for a good amount of time.

Not completely masculine, but then again not perfumey at all.

The bottle is impressive, a real quality item. I have the 75 ml and it just feels great in the hand, the glass has a really smooth feel.

However, Le Male is of course a victim of it's own popularity. The first time I wore it on a night out, it was recognised and named by the first person I came across. For this reason I would never wear it regularly. 

Also if someone is wearing other than yourself,  it it can be a bit cloying.

4/5 - Shame about the fame!
positive jpg le male is a true classic in my eyes. Vanilla lavender combo one of the best in the business. This projects forever and lasts a long time. Its stood the test of time so you can get this one cheap. Im not sure how you could hate this other than the fact that you prob smelled it on someone before but who cares.  I definitely get compliments with this one. The dry down is strong and i like that! you can get this one cheap!
smell 7/10 not bad i love vanilla
longevity 10/10 beastmode 
projection 8/10 this might have been reformulated???? i remember it projecting better but idk..
positive Very nice lavender/vanilla fragrance with a slightly herbal minty opening. 
Great longevity and sillage.
positive Hated. Loved. Adored. Loathed. 

No matter where you stand with this masterpiece (if you don't have an opinion do yourself a favor) this is  a fragrance that is undeniable. When I wear this I am usually asked what it is...just the pronunciation of the maker and cologne does something to people. Of course those in the know either roll their eyes or smile. I don't usually go into the ingredients of colognes as one only needs to look that up- but the minty vanilla of Le Male is glorious and was a game changer when it appeared. Instantly recognizable both by scent and sight, a definite legend in its own time and in my mind.
positive Very very sensual barbershop smell. The trick: easy on the trigger. 
positive Very sweet.One of my first purchases of cologne. Very sweet smelling. Has a vanilla-powdery drydown.Pros: decent projectionCons: doesn't last as long as the original "
positive Best fragrance if u are looking for sweetness.	Well I was looking for it and finally found it last night...i just wanted to check how its is coz i asked someone to get it for me...when i smelled it I was completely in love with it...that sweetness and the dry down is excellent..cant wait for it :DPros: Long Lasting, Projects GoodCons: Expensive :P"
positive Fun and Lively	Le Male by Jean Paul Gaultier is one of the better lavender and vanilla based fragrance offered to this date.  This scent can have  a mysterious aphrodisiacal effect at times.  Just remember to put this scent on mildly.  It's quite potent so please consider others and the occasion in which this will be worn.  Overall, a beautiful scent that gives undivided female attention to its wearer.  
positive Pleasant, sweet, great longevityI enjoy this scent very much. Most fragrances wear very close to my skin so even something with the reputation Le Male has, I don't smother people or invade their nostrils. The vanilla is very nice and the powder is something new for me but it is also quite pleasant to me. I think this is a fragrance that is just predominantly going to be popular with the younger crowd more so than the older crowd, and once you've smelled it you can see why. I really enjoy it and plan on continuing to use it. To each his own. Some people can spray once and get a headache from the sweetness. I can spray 2-3 on and you won't know I'm wearing it until you get relatively close to me.Pros: Sweet, long lasting, projects wellCons: Can be too sweet for some people"
positive I love this stuff, and it gets me noticed more than just about anything else that I own. It is another scent that seems to suffer from extreme popularity, but nobody else in my inner circle even seems to know what it is. It is a very pungent, sweet smell that follows me around wherever I go. It is strong stuff, so I try to go light on the trigger. Awesome for the middle of winter, it cuts through the cold, dry air in my area and has a good festive smell.
positive I dont really like sweet fragrancies but this one, wow. The top notes are very clean and fresh but as it dries down it gets very very sweet, mainly vanilla and cinammon. It smells so damn god, i'd like to feel this scent even when i go to sleep :D.

I think this is one of those frags that you either love or hate but if you love its love at first sight.  Projection is good, just as longetivity, but it doesnt last any longer than 5-6 hours on my skin (its still very good, compared to other frags).

absolutely favourite
positive I know this is a very popular fragrance. And like all things as popular as this there will be some backlash. But this is a top notch fragrance. Very original and very good quality. You spray this on and it seems like it would last forever. Definitely a winter time scent. This should not even be sold in tropical countries. However this is one of my all time favorite fragrances. A++.
positive A very exquisite and expensive smelling fragrance. It is instantly noticable and recognised. I have had countless 'you smell nice' comments and it is without doubt a smell for the modern guy and the fragrance lasts for many hours. It is very well packaged and marketed and really goes down a treat with the ladies.
positive I smelt this today after reading alot of reviews about it and..

I was delighted :D

As its got alot of vanilla (I LOVE VANILLA) i did adore the smell; but it did come of as abit sweet, maybe abit too sweet? 

Also, i got abit of cherry from this? Anyone else get that or is this just me? cos i was getting some cherry and alot of vanilla on the dry down?

Anyway, even tho it is quite sweet, i am pretty sure i will pick up a bottle of this soon.
positive It took me a while to warm up to this fragrance but it is the fragrance that made me realize that you actually have to wear a particular scent before you can decide whether you like, love or hate it.  The opening of Le Male is what initially turned me off about the fragrance.  I got a peppery cardamom scent at the beginning that I didn't particularly care for.  That is what made write off this scent initially that was until I smelled Le Male on co-worker of mine that had gone into the dry down.  It made me actually test Le Male on my skin... well long story short is I got to experience the wonderful mint-lavender-cinnamon middle and the vanilla-tonka-amber finish.  Im still not a huge fan of the opening but still an overall great scent.  Projection is good while the longevity on my skin holds for 14+ hours.
positive Vanilla and mint dominate this frag. I enjoy it. I keep reading how projection and longevity are beast with this more but I don't experience that. 
positive It's a good fragrance. Not the best, but good enough to earn a thumbs up from me. It's a powdery sweet scent with great projection and longevity. The bottle design is amazing, and it looks great displayed on a shelf :) I own the limited edition flask version though. Once i get through with this bottle, I'm going to purchase another one for sure!
positive The first time I tested this I was not impressed and it was easily forgotten.
For Christmas my wife got me a sample pack from Sephora, this was one of the frags in the box.
I tested each one on my skin daily just to see the outcome, boy was I shocked.
This package contained two of my favorites, D&G The One and Gucci Guilty and
this one won me over after trying it on my skin.
4 hours in and I swear it is just as strong as when I put it on.
I am not usually a fan of the "soapy" smells but this one blows my mind.

I am a huge fan.
positive Crowded, synthetic. So what? If looking for a fragrance for a night out, that has good performance in skin and like the girls, this is your candidate.

negative Genre: Woody Oriental

This dull, aging, straight-laced, (if socially progressive,) straight guy grants kudos to the house of Jean Paul Gaultier for openly courting the gay male market well before it was politically correct to do so – back in those benighted times when “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” actually looked like a step forward. Insofar as the packaging and winking sailor boy from The Village People ad campaign were unambiguously and unashamedly targeted – not to mention decades in advance of Etat Libre d’Orange – I say good for Gaultier. I only wish they’d given the guys a better scent.

I have no idea what perfume critic Tania Sanchez was sniffing when she described Le Mâle as a “light, soapy lavender scent,” but to me the contents of the bottle with the bulging crotch rank among the loudest, crudest entries in the sugared 1990s tidal wave that included A*Men, Pi, Rochas Man, Lolita Lempicka au Masaculin and Joop! Homme. I find this especially remarkable given that it’s purported to be the work of Francis Kurkdjian , him of Enlévement au Sérail, Acqua di Parma Iris Nobile, L’Eau Noire, and Ma Dame. The composition smells very simple, and all I get out of it besides Ms. Sanchez’s lavender is powdery vanilla, amber, and a monstrously amplified note of ethylmaltol. This last is the same diabolically shrill, sweet aromachemical that lends the original Angel its syrupy consistency.

The development, if I may deign to call it that, is strictly linear, and the cloying sweet central accord persists at the olfactory equivalent of deafening volume for hour upon hour – which I count as no good thing, given how unpleasant I find Le Mâle. Contrary to some others, I actually find Kurkjian’s recent floral variation, Fleur du Mâle, far more wearable and interesting.

negative A classic scent destroyed by reformulationJean Paul Gaultier's Le Male was a masterpiece of simplicity and design. Some people thought it was a victim of its own success but popularity was never due to hype or marketing, rather it was down to one simple and fundamental truth (often forgotten in fragrance world), Le Male just smelled so bloody wonderful. Le Male was never a complex scent, just a perfectly balance of duality - its intense vanilla dry down tempered beautifully by mint and a hint of lavender. It was also renowned for its projection and longevity across the board, something rare with so many different and subjective reactions to fragrances. So it's with a heavy heart that I inform the reader that Le Male has, most likely, been reformulated as a shadow of its former self. I've purchased 5 bottles over the past six months, all from reputable sources and they have all inspired contempt and frustration. The new formulation has dropped the heavy vanilla dry down in favor of something more subtle. It's not unpleasant but it's far less sweet than the original formulation and seems a little more powdery. It has also become far less potent. In fact, I'd go so far to say that its projection is weak. It stays so close to the skin as to become none existent. Longevity remains decent - around 6-7 hours, less than its earlier incarnation - but because the projection is so slight and the scent so bland, longevity becomes mostly irrelevant. I don't think that there has been any official word from Jean Paul Gaultier but the forums are abuzz with speculation. I remained objective in my assessment - negative experiences with scents often comes down to fake bottles or stale perfumes - but I feel confident that I've given enough time, and enough money (!), to confirm my judgement. In conclusion, be wary when purchasing Le Male. I suggest hunting down older bottles, if you know what to look for (it's been suggested that the older formulations have darker stripes on the bottles). Otherwise, lower your expectations of this once beautiful creation and mourn the defiling of a classic male fragrance.Pros: Retains hints of its older versionCons: Weak projection, weak longevity, lack of vanilla intensity"

neutral Cuba Gold has bad, tacky packaging. JPG took Cuba Gold, found even worse packaging, and raised the price from $3.99 to $64. Le Mâle is God's way of telling you have too much money.
neutral Shalimar for Men. Then...... pleasant musk. 
neutral A sweetish, very synthetic scent with a sweet minty start that becomes increasigky flowery -mainly lavender - to be completely dominated by vanilla in the drydown. Overloaded and unbalanced at times, it's main fortes is a splendid longevity of eight hours in cool weather. 
neutral This is a very complex fragrance and it does involve into something interesting to say the least. I'll be honest and say it is semi pleasant but it is not my kind of scent and I wouldn't wear it in public. First initial impression is baby powder and vanilla.

Try it before you buy it.

positive There's nothing left to say about this wonderful scent. Classic and timeless, definetely a must have for any fragrance lover. A wonderful mix of lavender, vanilla and tonka bean (mainly) that lingers for a long time in your skin. Thumbs up!
positive I love this stuff..  Been wearing it for years, and yeah a lot of people wear it, but it lasts a long time and I think it smells great.  Asked for another bottle for Christmas this year..
positive What an absolute classic this is.

The first 5 seconds of this fragrance is possibly my favourite smell in the world. A blast of fresh, minty masculinity. The drydown calms down but is still really pleasant and agreeable, you won't find a woman that doesn't love the way this smells on you. 

Lasts forever, very versatile, the bottle is a classic on your shelf, can't ask for anything more. 
positive Great fragrance, a little synthetic but had a great projection and longevity. The girls love it. : )
positive one of the all time clasics,( cool water, acqua di gio). unrealistic smell of mint,cinnamon and vanilla that is done perfect. if you love sweet orientals this is for you. beware of the bootleggers. if you get the 4.2 oz bottle for 30 bucks you have been scammed. this, chanel and acqua di gio are the most bootlegged scents..
positive Even though this one has been around for a while, I have to rate in as if I just smelled it for the first time. Longevity is a beast on this one. The scent is on point also. The only thing about this frag is everyone has it. If you want to stand out of the crowd, this may not be for you. But if you want a scent that's going to hang around for a while, this is your juice.
positive VANILLA BOMB!!!

So whats there to say about this 1 that hasn't been said? Not Much anyway...I just had to get this Gem of a fragrance. Growing up in middle school i used my brothers Cuba gold all the time it just smelled so sweet and elegant, idk lol thats just how i pictured it at the time. A few years later after wearing Eternity and Hugo(again my brothers haha) i found out Cuba gold was a "knock off" of JPG, it had been years since i had smelled cuba gold so i figured why not give this "JPG" a try. So i purchased a bottle, initially i was thinking "what the heck is this?". I smelled traces of cuba gold but nothing too similar. Than about an hour into it i start smelling something familiar ,i start sniffing my wrist And Wow it smelled just how i remembered cuba gold smelling like but much better...

Anyway now that i own a few more bottles this stuff smells somewhat dated it just brings back a lot of fond memories, and its no longer my favorite :( haha...Nevertheless i still LOVE the smell once it settles down after about an 1hr into it. It just starts off too strong thats my only Knock on it. But as stated this is Either a Love or hate fragrance.

Three words To describe this VANILLA, VANILLA, SEXY....Not the best Vanilla scent but its not Ever so popular for NO reason!

positive The classic manly vanilla fragrance. Over here in Georgia, USA not many people wear it, so this is fantastic.The smell is excellent: minty, lavenderish vanilla. Potency is great with this fragrance, and I don't find it cloying if you over spray (the mintiness and comforting feel of the vanilla are not heavy). Should be good all year around, summer time included (nights preferably). Spring time I think is the best time for this fragrance, since I like to bring out the really gourmandy scents in the coldest weather. This is definitely great for regular temperatures though. Will get attention and cause smiles. Great fragrance.
positive If you like vanilla and mint this is for you! The performance is incredible. Sure, its not the most natural smelling thing, but if all your worried about is smelling natural then why don't you stick to BO. This scent is delicious and a lot of women love it. If your in highschool this might be great for you. Not many kids where good fragrances at that age, and with this being so sweet it will set you apart from all the fresh scenes kids wear. Just go easy on the trigger and you'll be good. Also the colder is gets the better this smells. There's just something inviting about this in cooler weather. 
positive Awesome. I love it. My only problem is it reminds me of shockwaves hair get from the 1990's
I dont think its as popular in the Uk as it used to be i think the the kids have moved on to 1 million and other frags now.
Its fairly linear which suits me fine no worrying about what its going to develop into and its strong. 2 sprays at most are all you need. Its almost like someone lets off a mint and vanilla bomb. Good for nights out, might be too cloying in summer when its hot

positive Lot of people has got their own views about JPG LE MALE but it's one of the best perfumes ever created.I feel ,it's ignored by by a lot reviewers because it's used by a hell lot of people and its very common.Otherwise this perfume is a great creation ,no one can deny the fact.It's a mint and vanilla bomb.I dont really know any other perfume which has got such a day long staying power.Its truely a monster.People might talk about A*Man,Joop and lot of other things but these all do not posses the same quality notes.I use it in the morning and it keeps on going strong till evening.As far as the projection concerned ,no other can beat this.Belive it or not.Guys ,if you want to find out mistakes ,you can find it out anywhere,even in the most greatest things in the world.
positive Love it, been wearing it since high school. Sweet, woody, vanillic, and yes it is a bit synthetic and overdone. But its JPG after all.

Also it has in my opinion the best executed note of cumin in perfumery: it does not smell one iota like mexican or middle eastern food, it does not smell one bit like very bad body odour (which is why I dislike cumin), yet it adds a slight funk to the blend as it dries down and descends from the sweeter, heavier, louder top into the lower pitched coumarin-rich vanillic base. Very nice, provided you don't bathe in it.

Also I've noticed that last year's formula tweaking lessened its sillage, and it now seems to spoil very quickly. I kept an unsealed bottle of a formulation from about 10 years ago, and its fine, but 10 months with the newer formulation and it smells like its beginning to deteriorate, but still quite good.

End of the day: don't care about how overdone it is, how widely it is used, and the type of people who use it. Its a great fragrance, and does me very well. 4.5/5.
positive I live in St. Louis, MO - and this one is pretty well known in these parts as a club-only scent. I faked hating it for a long time before I would admit to owning a bottle. The stuff is truly beautiful. I have seen women literally roll their eyes in pleasure when sniffing my shirt. It smells a little fem to me, but hey - the wife loves it, so it has a home in my collection of bottles. There is no denying it's authority. One spray would get me through a weekend on the farm working around pigs.
positive Scent: Mint, Vanilla, Lavendar, Spices (Sweet/Spicy)

Usage: From 1 being rarely used by people and 5 being most commonly used, this fragrance gets a 5.  It's very popular and best-selling, for good reasons, but at the same time it's own success is what makes it for some people difficult to wear because they do not want to smell like several other guys.

Longevity: Lasts 6 to 10 hours (8 for me)

Projection: Initially overpowering, so wear a half hour before going out.  Stays strong throughout, doesn't die down.

Sprays: Since it is very strong, I recommend only 1 spray.  2 at the very most.  NEVER any more than 2.

Caveats: If you find sweet scents cloying, you may not like this.  This is a very sweet fragrance.

Recommended Age Group: Younger crowd (15 to 30), but anybody though.

Overall Rating: 9 out of 10 

Verdict: A classic, that belongs in all collections.

positive If you've been to a bar or club in the last decade in a major city you've smelled multiple guys rocking this. Powdery, floral, spicy, woody. It's pretty complex and it is ubiquitous for a reason. Women like it. It projects like crazy. It basically kicks noses in the balls and takes no prisoners. It's very masculine in that sense, even if it is pretty powdery and floral. 

Night-only people. Preferred in the winter/fall. I smell far too many undergrad-types sporting this during the day in the summer. It gets cloying and can turn many people off, especially in close quarters. 

Still, it's well made, is loved by men and women alike, and has a proper place in the clubbing scene. Just don't overdo it.
positive Opens up with sweet lavender and by the hour i get a nice spicy fresh vanilla and as the hours go by i pick up a slight cinnamin,and all i smell now is vanilla and what i believe is "mint". Very good :).
positive The scent is pretty good and projects awesome. I'd only would wear this on clubbing nights and I don't want to be wearing what the guy next to me is wearing so its a no for me. Ladies do like this.
positive I don't know what it is about Le Male, but it sends me into a frenzy! Perhaps because it reminds me of someone? The powdery sweetness of the vanilla combined with mint, cardamom and cinnamon is the perfect mix of sugar and spice, surprisingly quite masculine. However, I'm a female and wouldn't hesitate to wear this either. Someone in another review compared it to "body funk," but it reminds me of a freshly perspired man, skanky in a good way!
positive Very sweet, powdery, a bit minty and some tobacco, to my nose. But I would stress VERY powdery and sweet, and fairly linear. Sillage is not as impressive for me as for others, but no slouch. Longevity ia about 4-6 hours projecting, and another 2-4 very close, maybe 6-8 overall. This is very similar to Joop! Homme to me, and if you like sweet and if you like one, I would think you would like the other. I think it is worthowning one, but not both. I picked up Joop! first, so I will pass on le Male. I believe Joop! costs less as well, not sure. Also, Joop! has more longevity foe me.

Good scent, very powdery, a bit feminine, in fact, reminiscent of Joop! to me, and I prefer the latter.  However, I am not averse to powdery sweet on occasion, and this one is a pleasant enough interpretation of that, with some other fun notes mixed in, so thumbs up for me.
positive Now this fragrance has one of the best projection and longetivity. This is definetaly a sweet smell, so use it sparingly. Half to one full spray is enough for me. This is a good compliment getter if you wear it right. One of my faves.

negative Sweet scent at first sight but too much for my taste. It becomes invasive and unpleasant.
negative With all the amazing reviews I read about this, i just HAD to try it.  I WANTED to like it... but alas, it was not for me.  
When sprayed on the test strip of paper, it was very forgettable, with an undertone i wasn't sure of.  Surely that was just something subtle on thetop notes that would wear off eventually.  So I tried it on my skin.
For 45 minutes all I got was babypowder that had something subtle trying to come out.  Eventually the hidden note came out:  Vanilla.
If vanilla and babypowder are notes you enjoy, then this is the frag for you.  Sadly, I didn't feel that it lived up to the expectations made by all the reviews.  IMHO.
negative Le male contains some of my favourite notes and I was eager to try it.  I really liked this fragrance on the blotter.  Then, I sprayed some on my wrist.  Big mistake!  After 20 minutes, I smelled like I spilled a bottle of Musk for Men by Jovan (a horrible cheap drugstore fragrance that was all too popular back in the 70's).  For months, my mouse pad reeked of white musk. Oddly enough, musk is not mentioned in Le male's olfactory pyramid.  I wonder what it is that reacts so bad on my skin.

Maybe Le male is a great fragrance on some men but on me, it is utterly revolting.  Headache in a bottle, unfortunately.
negative so sweet it mekes me sick, are you sure this was intented for males to use it?
negative I keep trying this one and it's just as nasty as the last time I tried it on.  Smells like a syntheticly sweet plastic.  An assault on the senses.
negative THIS SCENT LASTS FOREVER AND A DAY! I had a spray in a shop and the initial very alcoholly blast put me off a little. After about 20 minutes it blends into a spicy vanilla scent. I personally struggled smelling any lavender or mint but there you go. I really don't see what the big fuss is with this fragrance. However, the sillage/projection/longevity cannot be faultered.

neutral This fragrance (Le Male) is in the same category as Chergui and Givenchy Pi: baby wipes.

When reviewing a fragrance, it is best to cast aside personal preference and try to rate the fragrance objectively. The cardamom, caraway, and cinnamon add depth and warmth, while the vanilla and tonka bean turn the whole thing into a delicious baked treat. I’m having a tough time picking up on the mint. The lavender adds a masculine nuance, but in the end it’s all about a baby’s rear end.

Here’s the breakdown:
Le Male: baby wipes + spices 3.5/5
Chergui: baby wipes + hay and tobacco 3/5
Pi: baby wipes + baby wipes + vanilla 2/5

neutral Not a bad scent.  Just way to sweet for my meat!
neutral it reminds me of the barber shop which i visited with my dad they used a powder which exactly smelled like this
neutral This is a nice little fragrance, but sadly underwhelming. Top notes are cinnamon, cardamom, with a hint of lavender/ginger. Middle is clean linen. Once dry it is powdery vanilla. Not that the success of a fragrance should be measured by this, but I can't catch the scent 10 minutes after applying it. Occassionally, I will catch the faint vanilla. It wears close to the skin with absolutely no projection or sillage. Starts of well, but loses stamina and complexity almost immediately. I would not purchase this again. 
positive This is certainly powerful for a cedrat-driven scent. I have to say, though, I'm not sure I remember L'Occitane's cedrat EDT being ever so different from CD in its overall composition. Consistent, strong sillage, if that's what you're after. In my view, it's the cedrat note that sets this composition apart from cheaper scents.

It is a little disturbing that it stays fresh for quite this long. I find it linear, unremarkable, but there's something endearing in just how much Mancera has put in for the punters.
positive This is an absolute powerhouse of a fragrance.

Every time I wear it I get noticed and I get comments even so much that one of my work colleagues immediately went out and bought a bottle of this after smelling it on me.

It's bold, smokey, a little fruity at the start, and on me carries quite a medicinal note. It is a little linear after the opening but given how solid a performer it is, I'd simply be nit picking to criticise it for that.

I would't know how close Cedrat Boise is to Aventus because I've never compared the two. Regardless I'd rather have a bottle of this monster performer any day.

Also just an additional note to point out how nice the bottle feels in the hand. Nice solid bottle with a cool feeling metallic cap, all delivered in a nice Montale/Mancera style carry pouch.

Lovely stuff.
positive Very pleasant woodsy lemon - very wearable and versatile but not as interesting as the note listing and hype seem to suggest - I don’t get much of the florals or blackcurrant - I just get more lemony wood in the dry down. It’s still nice though and avoids smelling like a cleaning product (which most lemon scents don’t.) The absence of the fruity florals leave it a bit wanting though to be bottle worthy.
positive Creamy, buttery lemon.

Lasts all day, with 2-3 sprays.

And on my clothes in the mornin'.


Great juice, the wife loves it.  The only gripe would be that it's fairly linear.
positive This has to be the most outrageously misrepresented fragrance I've ever come across.
All the reviews are constantly comparing this to Aventus. It has absolutely NOTHING in common with Aventus. I can understand when people lump other fragrances like Pineapple Vintage, Zara Vibrant Leather, Mont Blanc Explorer etc into the category of Aventus. Those fragrances definitely are in a similar class and share a similar DNA.
However, MCB is a much darker, richer, heavier fragrance that has more in common with Chanel Coromandel and Allure Edition Blanche, than any resemblance to Aventus.
Also, MCB is a leather fragrance. The leather is quite sharp from the start and settles down to a more suede and ambery, woody vanilla in the drydown.

I almost feel guilty for even mentioning Aventus in this review, because these two fragrances shouldn't be appearing in any sort of list together. But sadly, it's so commonly compared to Aventus that I feel that the myth needs to be thoroughly dispelled.
I also feel like this is some sort of test to allow us to more easily identify the hype gallery amongst the community. If you're saying this smells anything like Aventus, I think you need to spend a little more time trying other fragrances and less time reading reviews. I'm not sure what started this thing with drawing parallels to Aventus, but it needs to stop. Was its original formulation more similar? I have no idea, but the one I have is not even in the same category.

This all said. MCB is not a bad fragrance. Just don't expect it to be anything like what all the frag bros harp on about.
I do like Coromandel and Allure Edition Blanche. MCB sits more alongside them. It's not a bright, fresh, open fragrance. It's darker and richer.
positive Quite possibly my most commented on and favoured fragrances. Has a very satisfying opening and this develops into a long-lasting scent of at least five to six hours. An absolute classic of a fragrance and one I go back to, time and again.
positive It doesn't smell like Aventus up until the drydown, but it has more going for it on the top and mid. I'd say Aventus for the day, and Cedrat for night outs. Overall, I like it more than my 16L Aventus.
positive This is a really nice masculine fragrance that gives me similar vibes as Creed Aventus, but isn't a clone of that fragrance in any way really. To my nose, only the opening reminds me of Aventus (and mainly due to the sweet blackcurrent note). The opening is bergamot, blackcurrent, cedarwood, lots of black pepper, and a hint of violet leaf to my nose, making it sweet yet spicy and masculine leaning at the same time. On the drydown though, it goes in the direction of mostly cedarwood with blackcurrent and a bit of bergamot in the background, and doesn't remind me of Aventus at all (no noticeable leather notes). In fact it reminds me of Creed Bois du Portugal and Lalique pour Homme (Lion) due to the prominent and natural smelling cedarwood note, and also a bit like Dior Sauvage.

This is like a power scent. It's a scent you wear to a business meeting or when you want to make a statement or your presence known. "Cedrat Boise" as a name is very appropriate, but I feel it should've been called "Cassis Boise" because the blackcurrent and cedarwood are stars of this show.

Projection is insanely good (2 sprays was almost too much for me and nearly choked me out; 1 spray is all I can do with this fragrance). In fact projection is so strong I'd classify this as a winter scent. While longevity is also insane, projecting strongly for over 8 hours and even through a workout! Overall this is an amazing masculine fresh yet sweet and heavily woody fragrance with absolutely nuclear performance. 

5/5
positive A nice and clean fragrance; lemon with woody undertones. Not as smoky as Aventus, this is more geared towards fruits and woods. The opening is lemon, the mid is lemon supported by fruits, and the dry down is woody. The opening does have that fruity Aventus vibe but I think CB is different and remains its own fragrance from start to finish.
positive An awful lot of noise comes from the online fragrance community across forums, YouTube, and social media, especially from the CISHET male side about how Mancera Cedrat Boise (2011) is the big "Creed Aventus (2010) killer" made to put the house in its place for considerably less. This is absurd, and has righteously caused many Creed sycophants to instantly declare this an enemy/usurper (which is a bit theatrical but not far off), while others whom agree with the declaration think they've earned some modicum of hipster colognoisseur cred by wearing the Mancera over the Creed. Once all the silly High School drama clears and we're left with Cedrat Boise sitting on it's own merits, what we actually have is a fragrance released by a perfumer who is in his own little world (likely from sniffing too much synthetic oud) that is indeed a competitor for the same demographic almost by accident, but actually smells more like higher-quality and more-natural predecessor to Dior Sauvage (2015). Another glaring facet that "dudebros" seem to forget is Cedrat Boise is not a gendered fragrance, and therefore all but unisex without being called such, so folks with feminine chemistry are also meant to try it to see what results can be wielded from wearing it. I do agree that like many Unisex Creeds, Cedrat Boise mostly appeals to masculine tastes, but not by the design of the house of course, since "citrus woody" as its name roughly translates could apply to a number of feminine perfumes. Cedrat Boise is a dry woody scent with a juicy sharp fruity citrus punch on top, and a few key synthetics to shape it out, which is where I get most similarities with it and the designer bomb known as Sauvage.

Mancera Cedrat Boise opens with a brief rush of dry bergamot, followed by Sicilian lemon, and a sweet blackcurrant note which is the biggest comparable facet to Aventus it has. The connection to the later Sauvage is much stronger and almost instant as well; one can surmise that François Demachy of house Dior must have taken huge inspiration from Pierre Montale's work here when he composed Sauvage, especially in the base construction. I can see where the fruity presentation might sniff of Aventus from afar, but a total lack of pineapple (or the ability to tell it apart from blackcurrant) instantly kills all serious likeness between Aventus and Cedrat Boise to me. A touch of dusty white florals and cardamom spice inhabit the middle of Cedrat Boise, while the blackcurrant continues into the heart, joined by a white patchouli note and jasmine hedione. A telltale norlimbanol scratchiness which is milder than Sauvage but close in throbbing tone announces the base, and also distances Cedrat Boise from Aventus even further, both in quality and personality. A white musk and cedar note finish out Cedrat Boise, with hints of leather softened by vanilla and shined up with a sliver of oakmoss bite, whatever quantity is allowed by IFRA these days anyway. Sillage is mild overall, and downright weak for the usual Montale/Mancera composition, but longevity is stellar at 12+ hours assuming you don't become anosmic to the musk or synthetic karmawood. This is a perfect year-rounder generalist through and through for folks digging this vibe, so wear it where you will, and maybe make it a signature if you're a one-scent kind of person. My only complaint is I'd get bored really fast if this was my signature of choice, since this style is all but standardized anymore.

A big weak point to Cedrat Boise if compared directly to Aventus is the scratchy norlimbanol, although not as intense as what is found in the later Sauvage, but still gives Cedrat Boise an obvious synthetic quality which Aventus is much better at hiding with its house ambergris. Secondly, without pineapple or vetiver, the only real link they share is the white floral heart, and that's too brief, but for noses not as finely-honed, I can see where the confusion in telling them apart lies. I also honestly don't think Cedrat Boise was made to be an "Aventus Killer", as marketing anything that way is setting up for failure with critics, who have by and large embraced this juice. Lastly, Cedrat Boise is one of a glut that Pierre Montale churns out yearly for his own houses, precluding any notion of targeting another scent's market, especially considering Aventus was barely even a year old by that point, and not yet the hype monster it would become in the fragrance community. Guys who like Sauvage but find it too sharp, loud, or shrill should really check into Cedrat Boise, and fans of Aventus should add this alongside, as discounters often sell it at designer price points, so you can get it with less risk. Old heads will likely hate Cedrat Boise, but it's almost deserved disappointment if you prefer mossy or animalic masculines and dive into psuedo-synthetic "nouveau-niche" like this without first testing. I am a fan of the fruity sharp citrus synthetic woods style (much to the chagrin of some peers), as for me it's the early 2000's come again, but I'd not recommended this over anything it compares to because Cedrat Boise feels less like a replacement for a popular masculine and more like an alternative to sit alongside them in a larger collection; it's a real off-beat "deep cut" of a creation made more for a collector than somebody with a smaller, more pragmatic wardrobe. Thumbs up! 
positive At first when I got this.... I thought it was OK, however after more wearing, what a gem this really is.

Juicy, fruity, woody. 

In the warm weather this radiates and creates a lovely clean fresh Aura,  a bubble of fresh Citrus and Blackcurrant... Before slowly turning woody. 
For all the Creed fans, yeah it has that vibe, however this is like a distant cousin. More friendly and defo better value for the money. 

Mancera hit it out of the Park again for me. Simply delightful. Gains a lot of notice and liked by most around you when wearing. 

Overall Scent 8.9 - 10
Projection 8.6 - 10
Longevity 8.5 - 10

A good 8hrs on my skin
positive I love this! It's canvas is of Citrus based cleaner used in a Public toilet. Jasmine's vague Petroleum Indol and Contemporary creamed Sandal dances a diddle atop. A green Cedarwood note is countered by a fruity Currant.
Apply lightly and concentrate on the playful dance.

Another Mancera fun fragrance.  
positive So Cedrat Boise it seems will be forever known as the Aventus clone. I think that does it a massive disservice. There are similarities for sure. It was obviously inspired by Aventus. But CB is different. It is much creamier than Aventus. It is certainly fruitier. 

Very nice indeed. 
positive This is Mancera  showing Creed how to do it as far as green woody fragrances are concerned Cedrat Boise is far superior to Aventus. Its more focused, cleaner, fresher, more of masculine edge to it, less 'damp and green'. The difference between walking in a fresh cool sunny meadow versus one that's just been rained in. Or a picture perfectly in focus showing that is what the scents meant to be versus someone who's gone to photoshop. And it's better value for money.
At the other extreme there is always Armaf Club de Nuit which is a budget incredibly accurate clone of Aventus. Mancera however is pure class. 

Fragrance: 4/5
Projection: 4/5
Longevity: 4/5

Stop press: June 2019: Notino are selling 120 ml bottles for £52 including postage. Cheaper than the 60 ml bottles!
positive A quite fruity (kind of apparently berrish and surely lemony) sophisticated creamy sandalwood. There is a quite present lemony/grassy aura (the cedrat vibe) which is musky and floral (definitely classic in effect - some old school or classically appointed sandalwood/jasmine-implementations from Estee Lauder or Mark Buxton jump vaguely on mind). The "sandalwood/jasmine/black currant connection" is surely central. I detect the "Cedrat Boise-effect" but the note of sandalwood (a floral sophisticated musky sandalwood) is equally dominant. Feminine.
positive Strong citrus and the jasmine in the opening. It reminds me of Mr. Balmain but higher quality. The woods and blackcurrent give it a rainy day quality that's nice. It's the best of this type of citrus cedar style I've tried so far. I would probably prefer this to Bois de Cedrat simply for the sillage and longevity. I would also choose this over Mediterraneo Tuscan Cypress. 
positive when first applied,aventus did come to mind. when i smelled my wrist again, the aventus was gone.in an twinkle of an eye, sandalwood stands up in this. cedrat boise has a citrus and woody personality with a discrete vanilla base. lemon,bergamot,sandalwood, cedar, blackcurrant to tone down the citrus, and vanilla....fantastic!!! totally different than aventus, which has a spicey identity. im ready to sign cedrat boise to my starting roster to join my superstars like  aventus.
positive This opens with a rather strong lemon zest, which thankfully dies down rather quickly, but settles in with a sweeter version of lemon, like a meringue.

The fruit dominates, with just a touch of cedar in the background, to me a slight astringent tang, just a hint of a Band-Aid, in no way off-putting.

I really enjoy this.

9/10
positive Just received Cedrat Boise and I must say it is a lovely fragrance! Now, I know I am going to make enemies here so for all of my frienemies who say this is a clone of Aventus, smells like Aventus, resembles Aventus....unfortunately I would have to disagree. This is nothing like Aventus from the beginning to the end. And yes, we are all entitled to our own opinions, and mine says I don't get Aventus at all.

I, too, like landshark321 think there are other fragrances that resemble Aventus and due to all the hype put out there regarding these two (among others) I was intentional about locating the similarities and for me there aren't any. The first fragrance that came to mind was Obsession for men by Calvin Klein....
(If this reminds me of anything that would be the aforementioned. I think this is a newer more modern take on the very manly Obsession if to give a point of reference). 

In a league of it own, Cedrat Boise has a woodsy, gourmand feel to it that is creamy and fresh all at the same time. With the Bergamot, Cedarwood, and a very potent Lemon and Blackcurrant that's clearly and artfully done-I see Cedrat Boise as one having created an ambiance of its own; a stand alone fragrance for anytime, anywhere, with....shut yo mouth!!

There is a certain DRY sweetness that you get as all the notes come together. I will give this a bit more time as I adjust...great fragrance overall!!
positive Cedrat Boise by Mancera has a fruity opening, and then it transforms to something familiar to me: fresh, woody, and a little sweet -- one of my favorite scents back in college -- the first version of Colors for Men by Benetton. Cedrat Boise is a lot better, though, and more modern. A gourmet version of fast-food Colors for Men. 

Wearing just a dab sample, Cedrat Boise's longevity is excellent on my skin, and the projection is moderate at best. If you can afford to purchase a full bottle, I'd say go for it. 
positive For me, it's the sandalwood and jasmine notes that star after the initial, very pleasant citrus opening. I get very good performance from this and it's the type of scent i look forward to wearing when the occasion and mood suits.
After several wears of this, it is definitely a keeper in my collection and if it was a choice between a bottle of this or a bottle of Aventus, it's this.

negative So many citrus woodies these days are so uber synthetic and loud that they tag the wearer as hanging with their old mate Screechmella. Walk down a stairwell wearing one and the scent will linger, leaving the next resident to encounter it thinking that the cleaners have done a particularly thorough job this time. 
Cedrat Boise has that garish volume for sure, but also a few grace notes. First, the powerful citrus  – common with all such perfumes – that comes across as strong detergent is somewhat masked by a riotous fruity mix that makes it easier to live with. Second, the synthetic cedar note has a bit of a sappy and green quality to begin with.  
Unfortunately, the mix also reminds me of the fruitsick hell that is CK’s Escape for Men, an act of  perfume violence guaranteed to make me move away from the wearer quicker than any threat of physical harm. It has that same nauseating, highly chemical, watery persistence, common to so many of these bro-juices, that it makes me think I must be an utter snob to feel such visceral revulsion. Perfumes of this ilk are garlic to my inner vampire. You’re safe bro, you really are – go (preferably very, very far away) in peace.

negative Cedrat Boise smells synthetic to me. Sometimes that's not a bad thing, but in the case of Cedrat Boise, it's distracting to me. I couldn't disagree more with the thought that this smells like Aventus. It's nothing like Aventus to me. In fact, this isn't even in the same time continuum as far as enjoyment goes with Aventus, at least for me. Cedrat Boise's wood notes smell more like Cashmeran than cedar or sandalwood to me. The citrus also smells like white musk with hints of citrus. I do get a dash of jasmine in the opening. Wish I could smell the blackcurrant, but the dry down is all about synthetic woods to my nose. I love my new bottle of Red Tobacco by Mancera, but Cedrat Boise is a miss for me. 

neutral Opens with a tropical fruitiness which is a combination of smooth sweetened lemon and bergamot sharpened with a spritz of blackcurrant. I can see how this accord is reminiscent of pineapple, but for the Aventus lovers out there, it isn’t obviously pineapple and there is no smokiness whatsoever. It then has white florals as a bridge to the smooth woody/musk base.

Too be honest... despite already getting compliments on it... it’s not really my thing. I feel like I have betrayed the niche gods by dabbling in the dark designer arts.

Recommended for niche lovers looking for something more designer, generic leaning and socially acceptable, when Muscs Koublai Khan or Fumerie Turque isn’t appropriate.
neutral Odd that I just happened to review Aventus today as well, as it was completely unplanned and next in my rotation to review. Serendipitous!

Spicy citrus-cedar-the bergamont comes through, as does the lemon. The lemon does smell very synthetic to my tastes. Unlike Aventus, which smells very natural throughout, this has a strong artificial element to it which I, unfortunately, do not care for. There is little sweetness here: almost undetectable currant that is very faint. I don't find that this projects anymore than Aventus, nor do I find it any more long lasting: very similar in their duration and action.  I'm not sure I'd say I care for one more than the other: would I trade a synthetic lemon-cedar scent with a woody base to town down the sweetness, or a cloyingly sweet but natural smoky pineapple fragrance? Either way, I find them both above average. Although they may be used for similar situations, they are different scents altogether.

Linear, perfectly acceptable summer fragrance that is probably (definitely) more expensive than it should be. Very forgettable, but not something you'll regret wearing.

6/10




neutral It starts with a pungent blast of fruity pebbles as opposed to the pineapple, apple, and bergamot.  Aventus birch is traded for an application of cedar, becoming a bit more astringent than smoky.  Lasts a bit longer than its competition.  To me, this gives the same impression as Aventus.  I could see using them interchangeably, in similar situations.  But, it is a different scent altogether, and not a clone.  
neutral Fruity, woody, musky. 

Cedrat Boise is a fresh fruity fragrance, with the emphasis on fruits. It's a basket of fruits, and you can sense lemon, pineapple and blackcurrant, while there is only a hint of florals. The fruits are supported by a conventional woody note that smells of cedar, and hints of musk. It is not leathery to me, and is quite linear from start to finish. I find that here the fruity notes together with musk create a strange accord, somewhat synthetic, that I do not quite like. I usually don't enjoy fruity fragrances, but this is well balanced. 

This is often compared to Aventus, but Aventus has more prominent pineapple, and is distinctly smokier and leathery. Cedrat Boise has none of those attributes. Compared to Aventus, Cedrat Boise has persistent noticeable projection, good sillage and lasts more on skin. However, in this style my clear favourite is Morning Chess by Vilhelm Parfumerie. The fruity aspect of Cedrat Boise also reminds me a bit of Minotaure.

Overall a nice but unremarkable fresh fruity-woody composition with mainstream appeal. 

2.5/5 
neutral My Mancera sample must be off because I get a very smoky Aventus vibe from Cedrat Boise. It actually reminds me of Glenn Peri Unpredictable Adventure. I still get plenty of lemony-fruits in the top notes but it’s all very smoky. This lasts for about 4-5 hours.  Later, it’s a creamy, sweet woods scent. Something in it reminded me of the drydown in F Black. My sample must be off. 

Projection is pretty good while the top notes are still going. The whole thing lasts about 8-9 hours on me. 

Update: Own a full bottle now and this is much more fresh and pleasing. The opening isn’t as smokey as I remember but it’s still a little smokey, dry and sharp. The drydown is a very pleasant and attractive clean, woody, masculine scent that has me repeatedly smelling where I sprayed on my arm because I just don’t remember it smelling this clean and fresh. Still very good performance even with only a couple sprays, which may be the key to making this so fresh and clean. 
neutral Strikes me as reasonably different from Aventus / CDNI but similarly fruity; the blackberry I suppose, its sweetness not overdone. The opening is all about lemon. The drydown lacks the birchy interest of Aventus / CDNI. I'll stick with CDNI.
neutral A little fruity, sweet and creamy (I guess from some vanilla). I get almost an orange cream pop vibe or something from it. 
positive Vanilla-infused turpentine.  Musty, moldy antique wood furniture.  I like it...  I'd say this is a rather dark, woody vanilla, bordering on boozy at times.  This house rarely impresses me.  I find their fragrances rather mainstream, pedestrian, or boring.  This one, intrigues me.

Wooden vanilla fades into a creamy, almost ice cream flavor later on, with sprinkles of pencil shavings.  Ha!  An unusual vanilla scent for sure...
positive This is lovely. My association with vanilla is that it's usually sweet and gourmand, but this is darker, more like smelling an actual vanilla bean, maybe with some dark rum. Subtle, not intense. If it didn't sound so cheesy, maybe it would be called "Vanille Noir."
positive 

Peppery, citrusy, woody vanilla. A tempered yet perceptible vanilla note of good quality thats not cloying or overly saccharine; woven in with a diverse set of citrus, vetiver and oakmoss notes. Well blended, very versatile and one of the best "dry" and "easy to wear" vanilla fragrances alongside Creeds' Sublime Vanille (which has a more upfront vanilla presentation). 

A vanilla fragrance good enough to convert a vanilla-denier. 


positive Excellent no frills vanilla, can be worn by both men and women, however I would love to smell this on a guy. Your not going to get the gourmand baking vanilla so prominent in other vanilla heavy perfumes. Excellent oak moss and vetiver notes, woody undertones.  
positive Vanilla is a scent I often struggle with, particularly boozy vanillas or anything with even a vaguely cupcakey accord. This is dry, which seems to be a far less common presentation - certainly vanilla isn't something I particularly associate with the cologne genre. As others have said, Insensee means 'insane', rather than 'incense', although I don't find madness or excess in this at all - if anything, it smells rather introverted in character, despite having decent projection; lasts well too, being a Cologne Absolue. I loved it at first sniff and, from the fact that my first sniff was from an amber-coloured, rather ancient-looking sample, I can tell you that it ages well, getting deeper and a little warmer.
It opens with a full and vibrant lime, a juicy opening for a scent which dries down papery, dusty and (as ClaireV so insightfully pointed out) with something of the Communion wafer about it. Maybe it's the lapsed Catholic in me that loves this, maybe it's the bookworm...
It works well as a base under herbal freshies, too - a great way to transition them between seasons. I definitely get a spike of vetiver in the drydown, to my nose it shows as an earthiniess below the papery accord.


Also, am I the only who just loves the Atelier bottles? Like pebbles, there's something really comforting about them in the hand - just the right weight and those rounded corners are lovely.
positive One spray of this and I was reminded of a Bruno Acampora oil (Vanyl) which foxed me a couple of months ago as I felt it was a 'green' vanilla in the sense of not sweet. Just read Kotori's review of Vanille Insensée here and she mentions that it smells like the pods rather than baked goods made with vanilla - that is spot on! I had become so used to vanilla being sweet and body lotionish that I'd completely lost the association with the real thing. So VI is a cool rather than cozy vanilla, and I like it. A couple of hours later, it's humming along and exuding a feeling of calm and wellbeing (not cookie scented at all!).
Although it's not something I'd rush out to get for myself, I'm very happy to try it and if I ever wanted a vanilla of this type it'd definitely be a contender.
positive Ahhh... it makes a lot of sense to know Ralf Schwieger created this one. The style reminds me of Fils de Dieu or the Merveilles line. "Insane Vanilla" is a vanilla-dominant cologne (as in eau de) with a contrasting orange peel note and some supporting jasmine, moss, and woods. The jasmine blends well and whispers softly, never once attempting to overthrow the vanilla. It is a cold vanilla, based on the pod, not the extractor any baked goods featuring it. In the sense of coldness and darkness, it resembles Eau Duelle EDT by Diptyque, though not in the actual notes (other than the pod-based vanilla). This is one of my favorite ever vanillas, which I've learned after a two-year long vanilla quest. Very intelligently composed and modern.
positive Very nice vanilla that has that old book smell (Not a bad thing). It does have that Memoirs of a Trespasser vibe.
positive Vanille Insensee by Atelier Cologne is one of the only three vanilla-centered fragrances that I would consider adding to my collection. The list also includes Salimar EDC and L de Lolita Lempicka (sadly discontinued). Lately, it seems like half the beauty and bath products on the market are laced with vanilla, and I can see why—it is universal, comforting, and not “perfume-y”. On the other hand, if I am going to burn a hole in my wallet and purchase a fragrance, I except something more than vanilla extract. Vanille Insensee reminds me of a vintage perfume that developed for several hours on the skin. The top notes are long gone and only a hint of floral accord remains. What is left is a gently humming benzoin-laden vanilla with a dose of subdued “oakmoss”, a touch of vetiver, and airbrushed musk. That being said, VI is far from vintage with its burnt sugar turned up full blast and the civet strategically omitted. Even the moss accord has been declawed and given a bath. 

VI is very approachable, yet it provides the wearer with something more than vanilla scented body lotion. My favorite part is the freshly cut hay accord that is screaming for help under the pile of sugar and moss/musk.

4/5

positive UMMM - Vanille Insensee - a favourite from the house. Sampled over 2 consecutive days, and it has bowled me over both days! The note list doesn't make much sense as I don't really get corriander, lime, vetiver or oakmoss. What I get is a fantastically intoxicating vanilla with a citrussy-floral orange blossom type note, this juxtasposition created a 3-dimensional scent with lots of shadows, brighter areas and hidden corners.

The Vanilla is clearly the star of the show. This is a straight-up vanilla scent. It is a lot like opening a tube of raw black sticky vanilla pods and giving it a good sniff - quite a multifaceted smell, a little dark, a little smokey, slightly powdery, even boozy with a kind of burnt-sugar and plastic that raw vanilla can give , thankfully not over-sweet. The supporting notes keep the mind engaged. One of the best vanilla interpretations I've come across. Probably slightly feminine leaning, but distinct enough for a man to carry off. I got a similar vanilla from Lush Vanillary but that one went a bit too cup-cake, this one is more like a light dusting of vanilla infused icing sugar: quite airy, light and transparent. Above all a sensual-romantic classy scent: reminding us that - when fully ripe - natures vegetation can be just as seductive as animalic displays!

Overall 82/100. Somehow not doing so well on other reviews, but I'll trust my nose here.Closer to the very best vanillas (Guerlains, Mona di Orio etc) than designer efforts. The real magic is in the first hour, then it may resemble a refined Le Male given an unlimited budget. I'd be delighted to have this smell associated with me.
positive Atelier Cologne Vanille Insensee is a creamy vanilla, somewhat gourmand-like, drawing from many different concepts: woody, smoky, and definitely floral.

I didn't get too much citrus in the opening, despite the note listing.  The experience started mainly with the vanilla itself, which didn't wait for the dry down.  Similarly, I account for the amber's presence throughout the life of the fragrance due to the creaminess of the vanilla.  The oak stands in the background throughout, anchoring the fragrance with a dryness that doesn't let it become a fleeting floral nor an overly cake-like gourmand.

To compare to other vanilla-focused fragrances, Vanille Insensee contains some of the booze of Perry Ellis Oud Black Vanilla Absolute, some of the florals of Dame Perfumery Blak Floral, and the darkness of Imaginary Authors Memoirs of a Trespasser, perhaps the insensee (incense?) reminding me of the prominent myrrh note in MOAT.

Now I'm not sure Vanille Insensee is as good as of these fragrances since it doesn't really commit to any one direction all that much, but that might make it all the more agreeable among vanilla lovers and non-lovers alike, the latter since it's relatively easy to wear.

On performance, Vanille Insensee projects more and lasts longer than most of its Atelier Cologne freshie brethren, so it definitely feels more valuable, and at an unusual steal at FragranceX for only $84 for 100ml.

Usage-wise, men and women alike can use this throughout the year.  I imagine it can remain under control in warm weather but not disappear in cold weather either, so I'd speculatively regard this is a solid year-round option.  Not my favorite vanilla but one I might consider adding.

8 out of 10
positive I'm really starting to enjoy Atelier Cologne's fragrances.  They all seem to be slow burners:  I'll spray one on, then think "Hmm, not much to that," and then about an hour later I'll notice a really nice, beautifully balanced fragrance emanating from about an inch from my skin.  Vanilla Insensée is no exception.  It starts as a sweetish vanilla with a lick of lemony jasmine, and then it ends in a light, woody bit of pie-spice.  Quite a polite vanilla, really, in a world full of bombshells, beasts, and layer cakes--but not prim or shy. 
positive Light, refreshing Vanilla...

This is a vanilla that is in keeping with the spirit and direction of Atelier Cologne in that it is an eau de cologne with a vanilla aspect to it. That means that it is not a perfume with a heavy vanilla note. Instead it is one which is surrounded with citrus notes.

The lime and oakwood are the main notes, along with the vanilla, are what make this. I also detect the citron backing up the lime, and the subtle jasmine, giving a dirty quality to the mix.

I think this is a vanilla for people who don't like vanilla in perfumes. A very wearable vanilla for men and a unique, refreshing choice for women. Not bad at all!
positive Nevermind the insanity of the name, this is a pleasantly luminous vanilla-inspired scent with a fraction of the richness associated with the bean and none of the heft. A hint of spice, a touch of floral and a toasty paper-like crispness come together for a surprisingly interesting take on the genre. 

Vanille Insensée smells to me like an improved albeit sweeter version of DSquared Rocky Mountain Wood with its warm floral incense vibes. Performance may vary with individuals but I can't personally fault its sillage nor projection as I find them excellent.
positive vanille edcNon-cuddly vanilla.  More woody than spicy or dessert-like. Papery, actually.  Citrus notes at the top tell you that the vanilla won't be either warm or sweet.  Ambery and smoky notes are accents rather than dominant notes and let the vanilla keep its crisp edge.  The Atelier line purports to reinvent the cologne genre. Without much sillage, strength or endurance Vanille Insensee doesn't step far out of the range of dynamics of the eau de cologne, but the composition certainly isn't the classic citrus edc. It has similarities to l'Artisan Parfumeur Vanille Havane, Serge Lutens Bois de Vanille and Parfums de Nicolai Vanille Intense. Atelier's vanilla shares the coolness of the other vanillas, but is airier, less radiant and more matte. It's the unlikely goldilocks between the contemporary woody vanilla and the classic eau de cologne and a successful refashioning of the edc genre. 
positive Like raw vanilla bean and spice. Haven't tried it alone, but it pairs beautifully with LaVanilla "Pure Vanilla," which has some patchouli in it. Together, they're as satisfying as a hot cup of fresh black coffee.
positive l get a refreshing, woody-citrus opening, & then l smell a lot of white musk along with a whiff of jasmine. lt takes a few minutes for the vanilla to appear, & it's not candy-sweet at all, but dry, & laced heavily with amber. The amber becomes more & more dominant over the next few hours, & the base has a warm, woody, slightly honeyed feel. 
l would say this fragrance is far more about amber than vanilla, so if you're looking for a straight-up vanilla, this isn't it. lt is a very nice fragrance though, & the sillage & longevity are good, this being labelled as a "cologne absolu". l think this is supposed to mean a "perfume-strength cologne", although l don't know why they don't just call it an EDP...

negative A thoroughly cheap-smelling synthetic vanilla mixed with some smokiness; it's both bland and off-putting. 

I'm inclined to be especially harsh here because of the absurd and disgraceful pricing. This is transparently cheap, nasty stuff being sold at entry-level niche pricing.
negative Just another cheap little vanilla.  It's that dumb marshmallow frosting vanilla, with isobutavan added for a hint of nuts and creme soda, and a touch of boozy immortelle that's trying its best to class things up but fails.

Right now, in any town in America, you could go to Ross or TJ Maxx and find a candle or a room spray that smells like this for less than $5.  This is the dictionary definition of what "cheap" smells like.

neutral Whilst I am the vanilla pretty much straight form the opening blast, this turns out to be different from the usual sweet, rich and strong gourmand-style vanilla.       

This vanilla is paired with a bitter lime, which gives the vanilla more brightness and a nigh-fresh character.  There is also a persistent metallic-like undertone that I get throughout the development of this composition.  

In the heart notes a fairly nonspecific woodsiness arises, and touches of cardamom and coriander add gently spiciness from time to time.  

The base adds little new on me, except an amber impression of muted shrillness.  The vanilla is still lingering on until the end, although the citrus element has more or less evaporated by now.  

I get moderate sillage, adequate projection and an excellent ten hours of longevity on my skin.  

This scent for warmer autumn day is based on a pared-down slim, bright and cool vanilla, an anti-vanilla as far the the traditional sweet gourmand versions go.  The mighty drawback is it’s egregiously synthetic and generic nature - maybe to an extent that it is insensée indeed.  A somewhat mundane vanilla, which might of interest to people who dislike the usual heavy vanillas.  2.75/5.  
neutral This is a vanilla cologne for the warmer weather. Vanilla perfumes are usually heavy and sweet and more suitable for colder months, but Atelier manages to produce a blend for the warmer months. The citrus and woody notes surround the center staged creamy vanilla. It is a light gourmand, like a fresh chilled vanilla cream desert. It's moderately sweet, mostly linear and with medium performance.
neutral Vanille Insensée is a light and spicy vanilla that leans towards green freshness, unusual for a vanilla fragrance. The drydown becomes less green and fresh, more of the spice and vanilla.

Projection is very good.
neutral Oh, i was so happy to finally try this one... it sounded like an interesting vanilla. And then, the disappointment. It smells like Demeter! A lot of alcohol and the same "backscent". I think my mind's tricking me into this because of the coriander. It's quite weak but long-lasting. Try Eau de l’Angelus for something similar but much more qualitative, cheaper and potent. I get many compliments with it.
neutral  If you want to smell like singed, buttered tonka this stuff will knock you out. The quieter dimensions at work (especially the moss) keep things in check as best they can, but it's a tough sell to make a truly interesting vanilla-centered fragrance. Not at all a bad scent, overall. Fans of VI looking for a little more dimension may have some fun looking for old samples of Scott McClintock. 
neutral This soft-spoken offering from the typically soft-spoken house of Atelier Cologne made me eat the following words, which I've repeated many times:

"I've never smelled anything similar to any of Imaginary Authors line."

Well, now I have.  Vanille Insensée is not as unique overall as Memoirs of a Trespasser is, but the dry and mellow vanilla smells as if it comes from the exact same aroma chemical.  Honestly, the whole thing smells a lot like MoaT.

As for what I smell, it opens with the signature citrus/bergamot opening that Atelier is so fond of.  The same opening that I can barely detect. About 10 minutes in, I get the type of vanilla I mentioned earlier (dry, mellow) with some nice green/watery notes (not aquatic, though) that come forward as it develops.  There is a nondescript floral note that I can't put my finger on, but I don't get any jasmine.  It settles down into a woody, dry vanilla base.

This a vanilla I can wear.  It's not sicky sweet at all and  like MoaT, comes across as gender-less.

Like almost everything I've tried from Atelier Cologne (I bought sample set of the entire line) this is pleasant and unlikely to offend.  It doesn't particularly wow me though, and neither does Memoirs of a Trespasser, for reference.

Kind of strange that the name contains the word "Insensée" because I detect no incense here.  Although, when I type it into Google Translate, it comes up as "senseless".  So harsh Google!  It's not that bad.
neutral The opening of this fragrance is a very light and transparent semi sweet vanilla smell with the whisper of citruses mix with it.
The vanilla note smell like vanilla ice cream but it's very transparent with small amount of sweetness.
Projection is crap at the start and you can barely smell the scent.
A few minutes later suddenly the fragrance start to warm up and get stronger and sweeter and at the same time some floral notes came in.
The note breakdown says jasmine, but I can clearly smell rose beside warm and sweet vanilla not jasmine.
This combination smell sensual and interesting but it's quite feminine.
In the base some woods joined in and this is where you will find this fragrance almost unisex.
The base is a warm, sweet and sensual vanilla and rose combo with some woods in the background that give the scent a little smoky and dark masculine feeling which is very nice but still much more feminine than masculine.
Projection was terrible at the start and it's stronger and better in the mid and base but still average.
Longevity is good and it's around 8 hours which surprised me because of that mediocre to weak projection.
neutral Metallic vanilla?

Opens with a musky citrus, which smells quite synthetic, although the vanilla is present from the start. After around 30 minutes I get a really weird metallic smell, which persists throughout although becomes less noticeable with time.

Every now and again I get a delicious wisp of vanilla, but on the whole the sillage isn't great on me and it feels like I'm sniffing vanilla through a veil. I don't get the jasmine at all, but rather a clean, musky drydown that seems a little at odds with the promised vanilla.

Might be good for those who want a dryer, lighter vanilla, but this is not potent or rich enough for me. Hats off to Atelier Cologne for selling 7.5 ml samples, however!
neutral Vanilla and a Paperback book....Ok, it sounds weird, but this hits me as a strong dose of vanilla bean, and a supporting note that smells like a hot dry paperback book.  It must be the oak and coriander mix, smells kind of like pepper (not listed as a note).  Despite this, there is nothing special about it in  my opinion.
neutral Dry Vanilla When I was in the shop I made the mistake of assuming "Insensée" referred to incense (the French for incense is encens). Vanilla incense cologne sounded like a great idea. But, actually, the proper translation of "Insensée" would be "crazy" or "insane." Is "Insane Vanilla" a fitting title? For me not so much. 3 stars for quality. Although I'm not a fan of the scent, I can tell it's high quality.  Aroma: Even though Atelier Cologne advertises vanilla from Madagascar in the formula, I don't get the richness that implies. To me the vanilla note comes off rather flat. It reminds me of the synthetic vanilla the casinos pump into the air in Las Vegas to mask the stink of cigarettes. I get a subtle impression of the wood and oakmoss, but it's overwhelmed by white musk. Atelier cologne doesn't call out a musk note in their copy but it's definitely there. The overall impression I get is dry vanilla. I bought the travel spray on impulse along with some other Atelier Cologne fragrances and I'm glad I didn't get a bigger bottle. I'm going to use this for layering I think, but...  Projection, Sillage and Longevity: I find Vanille Insensée to have rather powerful projection and strong sillage. I layered with Ambre Nue and this one completely overwhelmed the other. I wore a little only on my wrists and even wearing a jacket that covered by arms I could smell Vanille Insensée quite clearly. It's been about 9 hours now that I'm wearing it and the scent is still making its way to my nose.  Value: I appreciate that Vanille Insensée is available in a .25 oz. travel spray. Like all Atelier Cologne fragrances, the big bottle is a great value at less than $1 per ml.. Vanille Insensée is also quite strong and a little will go a long way.Pros: Strong projection, sillage and longevityCons: Flat, overly strong
neutral It's funny that I'm seeing the scent pyramid and that Vanille Insensée has all of these notes, because when I was smelling it at the Atelier store, all I really smelled was vanilla bean.  It's not bad, in fact it's smoother than the pure vanilla madness of Love by Kilian.  But honestly, it's not too original and it doesn't really waver from that one note.  
positive A synthetic fall and winter gourmand fragrance that manages to stand out from the crowd with a tiramisu twist. Not groundbreaking or mindblowing by any means, but it has decent performance and nets great compliments. People love this one. It is pretty synthetic, and the opening is a nauseating alcohol blast typical of cheapie synthetic frags, but it evaporates after about 5 minutes and the nutty sweetness begins to take over. If you can find it for cheap it's not a bad pickup. 
positive Oh boy, how come still not hyped? Is it fabulous? No. Unique? No. Solid good? Yes. Surprised that some of those youtubers (no need to name them) didn't review it.

Tiramisu + boozy sweet. Creamy and somewhat powdery. Not my game, but I like it and would wear it regardless. For autumn and winter only as it is too heavy.

Aggresively strong and sweet. Shares the style with many fragrances, but has its own particular character. Namely those frags wouls be: CK Obsession For Men, Chanel Allure Homme, Guerlain Ideal, Boss The Scent/Scent Intense, Armani Code Profumo etc.

Not for everybody this one. Not for the kids because it has a dose of maturity. Not for the older men because at the same time it has a dose of something flippant, frivolous maybe. For 35+ crowd who have their own vision of life, not caring for other people's opinion. 


Originality 6/10
Scent 8/10
Longevity 9/10
Projection 9/10
_____________________
80%
positive [Wow...I recently noticed that SF Uomo's bottle looks almost EXACTLY like the one for Lalique's L'Insoumis EdT...coincidence or ???]

Salvatore Ferragamo's Uomo strikes me as copycat and unique all at the same time: A mix of woods, spices, tangy citrus, and sweet gourmand notes that seem quite common a formula nowadays (one recent similar  outing is Armani's Stronger With You; another albeit not quite as similar is Yves Saint Laurent's Y pour Homme); yet Uomo exudes its friendly casual masculine character in a special enough way that is not pedestrian. 

The presence of tonka in Uomo understandably draws comparison to the A*Men Pure Tonka scent, which I have grown to appreciate.  Yet Uomo has so much more going on, and the tonka is a strong supporting part rather than the dominant, bottom-line note in this fragrance.  

Personally, I have found that Uomo fits my fast-paced restaurant work environment and appears to be appreciated by my fellow co-workers. It is a balanced potion that lives up to its press release: 

“A sense of elegance and beauty. All the optimism and joy of a real smile. The ability to be modern, yet also timeless; to seize the day. All of this is part of the story of Uomo Salvatore Ferragamo, the new fragrance for men. A potion of pure Italian style.”

Definitely worth a sample spritz and consideration as a part of ones daily wardrobe.
positive Sweet, Tiramasu... Woody and a nice alternative to all other winter offerings.
Very pleasant smelling, perfect for casual wearing, as it isn't a beast in the longevity or the projection. 
So if you like the very sweet then give this a blast. Very warm and pleasant. 

positive i have totally changed my view on this. Smells amazing and sexy and cozy. good sillage and longevity.I get the baked caramel smell and its just really comforting and pleasant.I find it gourmand and rich smelling.
positive I really enjoy wearing this..although it is dominated by a sugary coffee note it is excellently blended with orange blossom and the ambroxin. It never gets too sickly either, When it first goes on it feels unisex but once the dry down starts it gets more masculine and you'd swear there was a touch of iris in the 4hr mark. It gets lots of positive attention from the females, which surely is the main reason we wear scents. I do think ferragamo have hit the mainstream jackpot with this, usually this sort of blend is reserved for the niche fragrances although the syntheticness gives that away.
positive As i waited seating in a restaurant for the waitress bring me the menu, some of the other clients were having their desserts already serving, and all of a sudden my nose catches a sweet-and-smoky note that makes me wonder wich of those cakes or creamy delights smells like that! Few seconds later I realize it's just Uomo wich I sprayed onto myself about an hour ago.

 It shares some notes with PR 1M and Valentino Uomo Intense, where this one settles just right in the middle of a full-retail mainstream EDT and a fashion house gourmand scent. While some may say it's too sweet, I like this approach of a young men fragance wich will make ladies keep close to their skin just to have some more of that sugar delight.

Longevity? First 3-4 hours like a blast from the kitchen, then it dries down to a more subtle scent that's still recognizable for the heart notes of it's gourmand blend. Totally recommendable if you're ok with not the typical "fresh and clean" men fragance and want to get a bit further with those dessert-lover ladies ;)
positive Salvatore Ferragamo Uomo is definitely one of the more hyped designer men's releases of 2016,an for good reason---the purported tiramisu note and the amount of coverage it's received each merit some attention from gourmand lovers like myself.

That said, Uomo is still pretty impressive, all things considered.  Many seem to classify it as cloyingly sweet, but I regard it more as a sweet blend with more traditional aromatic masculine elements.  The tiramisu is front-and-center but doesn't dominate the fragrance nonetheless.  The sweetness is paired with sharper elements to start and in the dry down the experience becomes smoother, more relaxing.  It's slightly spicier at the opening due to the cardamom and black pepper, which give way after about an hour to the tiramisu and eventually to woods and tonka in the dry down.  I admit I don't get much bergamot or orange blossom at all--not really any citrus or floral contributions at all to this.  It's mainly a sweet and woody composition to my nose, which is fine by me.

On performance, it's above average for an EDT, projecting significantly from the onset and having good longevity, as lingers just beyond the skin for 6 hours or more overall.

As expected, Uomo ought to work better for colder weather, and its projection is significant enough at the start to cut through colder temperatures, but it's modest enough to work on warm weather evenings, as well, as an alternative to a heavier-hitting option that might prove a little cloying in the summer, even at night.

I imagine this would be better for men but women could surely still wear it, as there's nothing especially masculine about it in the traditional sense, except perhaps for the spices at the opening.  But in the dry down especially, it's just a sweet/woody blend that could work for any gender or age.

On price, it's not terrible from a retail standpoint ($90 for 100ml) but on FragranceX, at only $55 for 100ml, it's a great value., so this is definitely one I'll need to consider buying while it's this cheap to start.

8 out of 10
positive Salvatore Ferragamo Uomo has a simply beautiful opening.  The dry down is not as satisfying, but still very good.  While I wouldn't recommend a blind buy, I think most fragrance aficionados will find SF Uomo a worthwhile addition to their collections.

Smell 8.5/10
Projection 9/10
Longevity 9/10



positive Very interesting in a good way.
This morning i sprayed this on and walk out of the room. The spice was prominent on opening but quickly transitioned to this tiramisu note (more to me like the coffee liqueur you would find in a tiramisu) and i would definitely put this in gourmand territory.
Shortly after, i walked in to the room where i had sprayed this and could still pick up the bright ope i g in the air. On my skin it had settled down to a lovely sweetness. 
Seven hours later, this is basically a skin scent now and the predominant thing i pick up is a faint lipstick iris reminiscent of Dior homme.
Just a lovely scent.

negative Extremely nasty modern hodgepodge aggregate  of the worst designer modern masculine synthetic aromchems tendencies of the moment.
Avoid at all costs.
To be noted I’m a moss, cat’s arse and beaver sack type ..
negative One of those A*Men-inspired coffee/lavender/caramel gourmands drenched in mass market masculine aromachemicals, notably those omnipresent aquatic grape topnotes and a full-on Axe body spray "woody amber" base.  It's OK at first and ends up smelling ferociously cheap.  In the recent flood of coffee gourmands, this seems quite unnecessary - the only thing it brings to the table is cheapness.
negative Very sweet, freshly-baked sugar cookies on a warm wooden plate.  Not a suitable scent for a gent.  
negative A sugary woody piquant synthetic unoriginal mess. A shame as the most part of the new woody releases "retracing" this infamous gassy (sugary dusty) trend. Ferragamo Uomo's opening is a cedary-spicy sugar's tornado while dry down is a less dusty-gassy nondescript woody-caramel. Zero texture. An unpleasant piquant boredom on my skin.

neutral Irresistible tiramisu!
Definitely a gourmand fragrance and definitely a lady killer scent,she'll love close encounters.she react to this like orgasm reactions like (ohh god,wow).to me it's a sexy chicken.

Uomo interprets the sublime masculine through a luminous aura with an intense,vibrant,and glowing combination of fresh Bergamot,Aromatic Cardamom and mild spicy black pepper.An addictive sensuality accented by oriental,intriguing,and enveloping notes like tiramisu, amrboxan amber,orange Blossom melds with a racy virility symbolized by woods such as cashmere Wood while Sandalwood and tonka bean provide a cuddly comfortable scent as she want to eat him when he wears this.the dry downs very smooth and sweet.It has a slightly tropical,spicy,sweet,and just yummy vibe.totally the sweetness from the tiramisu and tonka bean is what this fragrance is all about.

I sat there just salivating thinking of a delicious hot flaky danish dessert with butter drizzled all over it - this thing is a breakfast table at a pancake restaurant in a bottle.It really doesn't stand out in any particular way.If a guy has a few bottles of well made designer fragrances,I do not see a reason to add this one to the mix.With so many endless choices for mens cologne, this one can easily get lost in the crowd.suitable during autumn/winter.

Sillage?Moderate.

Longevity?6hours on my skin

6.5/10
neutral Batchcode 11i13AR 2018

Read so many reviews on this..really kind of a let down.

Its smells like it could be another Armani Code Flanker.

Im finding more and more that anything after 2016 is just not what it used to be - performance wise & sillage.

I blind bought because of all the positive reviews but was left rather disappointed. Its also very similar to Paco Rabanne Black XS.

I'm running on 4 sprays for 2 hours now and have gone completely blind to it, 2 on back of arms and 1 behind each ear.

I have to say again there is just a strong resemblance to Armani Code with slight hint of coffee bean.

I'd give it a 5/10 (average) just because its different - but not anything ground breaking or anything that stands out. If you want something sweet that projects - this isn't it.

Parting Note: It really does remind me of the way sample sprays in a magazine fold out advertisement smell 
neutral Salvatore Ferragamo Uomo sits firmly in the designer realm, a linear gourmand built around a tiramisu accord that is presented in a pleasantly airy fashion, but still boasts impressive performance.

Compared to something like L'Instant de Guerlain pour Homme Eau de Toilette (which, unlike the Eau de Parfum, boasts an airiness similar to Ferragamo Uomo), Uomo seems thin. Indeed, there are a host of cacao-infused gourmands from the past twenty years that vastly outshine Uomo in artistic accomplishment.

Still, there's something here worth enjoying, and its simplicity adds, rather than detracts, from the pleasure. 
neutral A sweet and thickly opening notes greets me and sets the stage for the future development: caramel, chocolate, freshly baked cakes and biscuits - all very rich, creamy and filled with vanilla custard. 

The other side is a nonspecifically woodsy note, which, at times, sports whiffs of a musky component.  

I get moderate sillage, excellent projection and seven hours of longevity on my skin.  

Clearly a wither scent for colder days, this creation is predictable to a level that is tedious at times.  The main drawback is the overly chemically synthetic nature of the ingredients and its poor structure.  2.5/5. 
neutral Salvatore decides to offer a Thierry Mugler A Men flanker and call it his own.
This composition is quite familiar: sweet woody vanillaic.  Add a salty spiciness for Ferragamo weirdness or Italian charm, your choice.
Not a bad fragrance in and of itself, since it does stand out in that tonka bean based gourmand-for-men genre of masculine fragrances.

neutral My initial thoughts after spraying were a cup of coffee with cookies baking or honey roasted almonds.  Very syrupy sweet, heavy and nutty. Wife detected some "smokey" notes.

Seems most appropriate for cold nights when you want to get close with someone.

Very good projection from opening into the drydown, so no need to over-spray. After the opening softens, I do get some florals, although only in a very soft way.




neutral A gourmand lover's dream.  This opens with sugar, vanilla, maple syrup, a bit of cooking spices...Cinnamon? Reminds me of some of the Bond no 9 Sickly sweet gourmands. New Haarlem maybe? Anyway, if you get it ONLY wear it in cold weather, and not somewhere where it will mingle with food odors.
positive A sweet boozy cherry tobacco scent with roasted almond/tonka and some woods.

I was pleasantly surprised by this one.
this starts off with a huge dark sweet cherry note which tones down quickly within 5 minutes. i then get some boozy cherry tobacco along with slightly roasted almonds. at this stage it reminds me just a little bit of some of the notes in tobacco vanille. i dont get the rose and jasmin.

After that it gradually gets more woody (cedarwood), more balsamic and less sweet/almondy over the course of 3 hours. by the 4 hour mark the scent is woody with some tonka and vanilla, some remains of the cherry note and just a hint of those spices. lasts 6 plus hours and has moderate projection its not weak at all by any means.
also, its totally unisex.
Overall score 8.2/10
positive I am obsessed with this fragrance. I received it for Christmas and have already purchased a backup for myself, and if it’s confirmed that this is in fact a limited edition I’ll be saving up to purchase a few more... I’ve honestly never smelled anything like this that moved me (or the money in my wallet) so strongly. 

The scent is divinely delicious on me. Sweet cherry syrup that lasts for hours before the woody tonka drydown. I get a hint of almonds but they’re toasted and glazed in the cherry sauce, which I would equate more to a sticky syrup than a boozy liquor, but I don’t drink so maybe I’m just ignorant to how that would smell. Regardless this juice is intoxicating and the entire time it’s on my skin I’m in love with how I smell.

The sillage is actually quite impressive but Tom Ford fragrances are always way ahead of the game in performance versus other designer fragrance lines for me. This is no exception and I’m actually shocked to hear that so many people had issues with this scent not lasting long enough or projecting, I’d say this scent almost knocks me out at times it’s just as strong as some of his other scents (I must stress again, on my skin). I never spray this on clothes, only on my skin, so I’m not sure if that would improve anything, because I don’t need to. There’s nothing about this fragrance I would change, except the price. 

I highly recommend testing for yourself but I wouldn’t suggest a blind buy even if you’re obsessed with Tom Ford fragrances like me because it’s an awful lot of money to be out of if you’re expectations aren’t met. Mine were exceeded and considering all the negative buzz this scent generated, I was pleasantly surprised. 
positive smells like Amaretto, a bit boozy and sweet, I like Liqueur of cherries, but as a scent, it appears a bit strange.

Performance is very good, but it is more suitable for Cold weather and for outside activities.


positive The release of Tom Ford Lost Cherry was almost as well-publicized, and seemingly highly anticipated, as that of Fucking Fabulous in late 2017.  In the case of Lost Cherry, the "limited edition" label used in FF was no longer a new feature, and since FF eventually became a mainstay, there was little reason to believe it, but lo and behold, Lost Cherry is only available in 50ml bottles (at the same price of FF, OWI, TOI, and NPF) at $320 for 50ml.

The scent, though, is quite great, and frankly it's at least intuitive in that cherry liqueur is a central note.  When combined with tonka and almond, it takes on a sharp, boozy feel, and with peru balsm, rose, and woods, it's creamy and comforting in the dry down.  It's really mostly gourmand without being utterly, completely gourmand.

Almond and tonka are fun additives, especially in concert with one another, like they were in FF.  Almost natural bedfollows, their sweet-yet-creamy-but-sort-of-powdery tartness makes for a fun counterpoint to the cherry liqueur, held by the glue of the balsam and woods, and ever so slightly hint of rose, barely detectable.

It's important to note that Lost Cherry's cherry is relatively short-lived, the cherry being front-and-center for only an hour or two and being wholly in the background after 6 hours.  The fragrance itself lasts somewhat more, not a beast by any means but not as horrible on my skin as some seem to purport it on theirs.

Performance seems to be the main gripe of the fragrance, particularly considering its high pricing, on the higher tier of Tom Ford Private Blend, and it being limited to only 50ml bottle as opposed to flacons that would allow for splits, or even 100ml bottles also, which would be better priced by volume than the 50ml bottles.

Considering performance and pricing issues, the Dua Fragrances alternative of Popped Cherry is particularly appealing in terms of slightly better performance, greater use of cherry, and lower cost, of course, at $65 for 30ml, always discounted further.  I find that both Popped Cherry and Lost Cherry have interesting nuances, the former more cherry-intensive and the latter more generally gourmand, particularly in the dry down.

I find Lost Cherry to be a great release, as much as the gimmick of the limited edition, particularly without the availability of flacons (at least for now...a new trick), does start to get bit old, and will undoubtedly test many TF fans, especially with other cherry fragrances out there like Dua's as well as another fresh/sweet/tart realistic cherry fragrance, Hilde Soliani Una Tira L'Altra, which is available on Luckyscent for only $160 for 100ml.

Still, I credit the release for drumming up some interest in cherry as a particular note and gourmands as a general category of fragrances. Presumably more clones that Dua's will follow.

8 out of 10
positive I just tested it at the airport. The opening is much of a candy-like, syrupy cherry, with the bitter almond playing a big part in this. It softens to a powdery tonka with amber-like balsam. Unfortunately, this original gourmand and regressive dries down to a cherry blossom that stays way too close to the skin. 
positive Lost Cherry really surprised me. I smelled it over the weekend and was captivated. I sprayed once on my wrist, and kept going back to it the rest of the evening...I went back to Saks the next day and bought a full bottle. It's insanely expensive, but a holiday splurge never hurt anyone, right?

Cherry opens this one in a big way. One of the most realistic notes I've ever smelled in a fragrance, it literally smells like you just opened a jar of high end luxardo cherries. After a few minutes that initial cherry burst goes away and leads to a beautiful almond/cherry/tonka fragrance that leads the rest of the way. 

Projection and sillage are both average, longevity has been good for me so far (8+ hours), and I am OK with that. I don't love fragrances that are loud and screamy with projection, and this is a fragrance that leaves a decent sillage trail and can be discovered if someone is close enough. I was really surprised to love this one so much, but on scent alone this has immediately become one of my favorites, and will be a beautiful cold weather/holiday staple of mine. 

negative Lost Cherry is a great name for this one:  10 minutes after spraying, it's G-O-N-E.  Interesting that longevity is good for some people and zero on others....

neutral Cherries, cherries, cherries galore - that is the opening blast;  a rich and sweet explosion of red cherries.  Soon they become really boozy, and an underlying undercurrent of bitter almonds And amaretto - darker and a touch more bitter than the Ferrero’s Mon Cherie chocolates.  

Then, after about an hour, the cherries truly are “lost” - the opening notes collapse spectacularly, and like the echo of an explosion, the amaretto remains.  No other contenders have a chance to develop: the jasmin Sambas as well as a Turkish rose- the latter remaining rather a background feature that does not contribute significantly to the development of this creation.  

The base adds a tonka impression that is sweet but not too dominant, at times is has a tobacco notion attached to it, without seeing the two taking the foreground as they do in this house’s Tobacco Vanille.  Touches of the Peru Balsam con and go, and a woodsy component developed towards the end - more cedar than sandal, but quite weak on me.  Whilst a bit of vetiver shines through rarely, this is a vetiver that is as faints as it is nonspecific.  

I get moderate sillage, adequate projection overall - from excellent to weak - and and about six hours of longevity on my skin, with the last few hours very close to my skin.   

As the name says, the initial cherry is lost very soon.     It is somewhat overly synthetic.  The subsequent notes are not particularly rich or expressive.  
Still, better losing one’s cherries than losing one’s marbles.   2.75/5. 
neutral Do you want to smell like a cherry? Well if you do and you want Tom Ford to be the brand that enables you to do so, you're going to pay $320 for 50ml of the pleasure. I really wanted to dislike this as I did Fucking Fabulous (2017) and Lavender Extrême (2019), but there is just something a bit fun about Lost Cherry (2018) which makes that impossible. Primarily, the scent is more complex than one might suspect and dries down into tobacco (which is always nice), even if performance is extremely underwhelming. Lost Cherry is a gourmand tobacco scent at heart, with a tacky theme the likes of which only Tom Ford has the gall to market at this price point, but if you decide it's for you, I'd grab one while you can if it isn't already discontinued by the time you see this, because it is a low-volume seasonal exclusive.

Lost Cherry opens with... cherry. I mean come on, what else did you expect me to say? There's a maraschino cherry mixed with a bit of amaretto liqueur thanks to the bitter almond sharing the top. The heart sees some rose and jasmine to make Lost Cherry more "perfumey" than just what otherwise might just smell like snow cone flavoring, but it's the base where things heat up. Tonka and tobacco undoubtedly borrowed from Tom Ford Tobacco Vanille (2007) make a show, and pair up nice with some cedar and sandalwood for a proper base, with the tobacco being the core theme past the first hour. Sadly, this is also a skin scent by then, even if it lasts all day otherwise. I also think Lost Cherry is quite unisex for fans of the note, and something this decadent can only be worn in a romantic or cold weather casual setting. If you have the audacity to spend top coin to drizzle yourself in Tom Ford's cherries, at least have the reserve not to show up at work in it, thanks.

There aren't a ton of perfumes with a cherry tobacco accord at their core, and the only other notable one I can recall is Burberry London for Men (2006), which luckily won't cost an arm and a leg, even if it is less sweet and a good amount spicier. The niche realms house some pretty strange things, especially in the frivolous-to-the-max realm of luxury lines which serve little other purpose but to be status-inferring symbols of indulgence, so I guess there really isn't much more indulgent out there than wanting to smell like a cherry cordial enjoyed with a smoking pipe. Whatever floats your boat, you had better be willing to pay for it, and due to the limited nature of these seasonal Private Collection releases, you'd better cherish that cherry while you have it. As for me, I give this silly overpriced fling a neutral for giving me a laugh, but I can't take it seriously.
positive Tried sample of Eau de Toilette in small set; nice longevity and hints of wonderful scents and notes that don't QUITE reach fruition.  Definitely going to try as EDP.
positive Until today I have never owned Shalimar, the pillar perfume. I've tried it, hundreds of times, always the EDP and decided it wasn't for me. I own Parfum Initial, L'Eau, Eau de Shalimar, Batwing Shalimar Cologne and the 2015 version Cologne. My favourite is Cologne 2015 and I ordered what I thought might be a replacement bottle that was headed EDT/Cologne. Yes, I thought, that's it, Shalimar Cologne 2015 at EDT strength. It was the EDT that arrived. I had factored that in as an eventuality and I sprayed it on, layered with a bit of the Batwing bottle Eau de Cologne (made for the U.S. market in the U.S.A) and it's very nice, I will use it, but I love the Cologne 2015 as it is closest to Shalimar Eau Legere (DISC) Are we all sufficiently confused now? I haven't even mentioned the Madagascar or the Mexique. There is no escape from Shalimar.
positive Shalimar is the crown jewel in the Guerlain catalog, the scent that came to define the house and it's use of the "Guerlinade" compound note which found its way into almost all of perfumer Jacques Guerlain's compositions, plus a great many of Jean-Paul Guerlain's as well. Shalimar was named after a garden in Lahore made for Mumtaz Mahal, the same woman for whom the Taj Mahal was also built. The creation of Shalimar was near-accidental too, as perfumer Jacques Guerlain discovered its primary accord by pouring a bottle of ethylvanillin into a bottle of Jicky (1889), the seminal fougère that was originally composed by his uncle Aimé Guerlain, building a fragrance upon another fragrance as Jacques Guerlain was known to do. Therefore like Jicky, Shalimar is technically a fougère as well, since it is built up from that fragrance's structure, but it contains a great many more oriental elements to it, and is thus often associated with the oriental category. If Jicky was the unintentional gender bender progenitor that was loved by a great many men alongside women, and Mouchoir de Monsieur (1904) the masculine-targeted shade thereof, then Shalimar is the rounder and more-luxurious advancement of that primary accord pitched to women during the roaring 20's. The scent was originally released in 1921 alongside Chanel No. 5 (1921), and proved to be the strongest competition that iconic perfume had, but went under a numerical designation just as the Chanel did until 1925, because the name "Shalimar" was being contested by another perfumer who claimed to have already used it. When known as "No. 90", the perfume made waves, but it wasn't until it's widespread 1925 release as Shalimar that the legend was born. The overall smell of Shalimar isn't much removed from Jicky, and indeed many of the great oriental and fougère-like compositions made under the hands of Jacques Guerlain share similar traits, not only because of his "fragrance upon another fragrance" crafting or the "Guerlinade" house accord he perfected, but also because it's the style he seemingly preferred. L'Heure Blue (1912), Mitsouko (1919), and Shalimar all have multiple levels of this intertextuality with each other and previous Guerlain efforts from which Jacques drew his inspiration; that was just part of of his unique creative process.

What makes Shalimar stand out from all it's siblings is its plushness, its fullness, the radiance of its notes, which can be a bit much to take for some people. The scent opens with lavender, bergamot, and mandarin, but switches out Jicky's rosewood for aldehydes and herbal rosemary, which makes for the resplendence of Shalimar's opening. This change doesn't make as much difference to the overall character of the perfume as the addition of an actual heart structure to Shalimar, which Jicky sorely lacked. That scent moves from its barbershop opening into a hellish moat of animalic and heady base notes, with only a floral heart inferred by the flip-flop transition between top to bottom. Jacques Guerlain likely wasn't happy with the "presto-chango" suddenness of uncle Aimé's composition, because instead, we go down to the base notes in stages with Shalimar, more like a traditional perfume. Jasmine, rose, patchouli, and vetiver stand vividly in the heart of Shalimar more than they did in the trap door dry down of Jicky, and are joined by a poofy iris note which also replaces the orris of Jicky and helps Shalimar feel a bit more feminine, which was the aim anyway. The tell-tale vanilla note anchoring the accidental discovery that is this perfume's primary accord shows up halfway, bringing in the rest of the Jicky base with new additions of opoponax and peru basalm. Shalimar tries to be a little more polite with its use of animalics, taking musk in place of styrax, and toning down the civet and ambergris just a touch so the other heart notes of tonka, leather, sandalwood, and oakmoss can be felt. I don't get the cinnamon spice or incense notes of Jicky in Shalimar either, and the blending is much smoother, making any note separation a real reach (translation, lots of sniffing to find), which is another master stroke of Jacques himself. Taken on its own merit without comparing it to compositions with which it shares most of its notes, Shalimar is an unusual vanillic oriental fougère-like fragrance that sat right with women in the early 20th century, particularly flappers that liked it's dynamism made possible by rich semi-indolic underpinnings, lady-like aldehydic florals, and oriental smoothness. Wear time varies greatly on concentration, as Shalimar was made in many forms, but a median figure across all iterations is a solid 8 hours of moderate sillage. Something this illustrious isn't a casual wear, regardless of context, so make sure you don't glow like a diesel hot plug by your choice of Shalimar on a casual game night. 

All told, Shalimar is still mostly retained by women as the matriarch of grand perfumes, with only the aforementioned Chanel No. 5 to really contest this claim, but guys can totally wear Shalimar too, as the primary accord is rather unisex, but with a slightly heavier dose of "Guerlinade" than usual pushing the smell to be uncomfortably makeup-like if you're a jock type. Still, dandies in France famously have worn Shalimar for years, and if Jicky didn't scare you, I doubt this will either. The reason for the stigma against men wearing Shalimar, like most things in the fragrance world, comes down to marketing. Guerlain had mostly given up on pitching Jicky to women even after making Mouchoir de Monsieur as a manlier substitute, but they stuck to their guns with Shalimar, keeping it in the company of Mitsouko and L'Heure Bleu as sort of the "big 3" feminines from the house, creating something of a marketing barrier. Then Jean-Paul Guerlain went off and made the chypre Habit Rouge (1965) with grandfather Jacques' "Guerlinade" in the mix, perhaps moving male interest further away from Shalimar in the process, but that hasn't stopped perfume hobbyists or open-minded guys with a bit of gender fluidity from enjoying it. Bottom line here is if you like old floral barbershop smells, vanillic orientals, and anything with a clean, plush, soapy smell up top, but a substantially musky animalic backbone, you'd enjoy Shalimar regardless of what is between your legs. Since this perfume has inspired so many others high and low, you've likely already bought something descended from it anyway and didn't know. Parfum extrait and eau de parfum are going to be the heaviest take with the most complex dry downs. More vanilla, oakmoss, sandalwood, and musk is present to my nose in the extrait, and the top fades fastest. I find folks enjoying the animalic qualities of Shalimar best suited to the eau de toilette, which seems to let the floral heart and civet in the base breath more freely, at the cost of some development. The folks who want the fougère elements to ring truest are better off with the eau de cologne, since it showcases the lavender and bergamot strongest, then crisply segues through the floral heart and lays upon a drier version of the base that sees the vanilla, civet, and leather turned down in favor of the tonka, oakmoss, and ambergris. Regardless of which version you get, they're all thumbs up from me. Shalimar is a pièce de résistance solidifying Guerlain as one of the greatest perfume houses of all time, and you know I rarely speak in such lofty terms.
positive I think of Shalimar as the more elegant and refined version of Jicky.

It is a signature worthy fragrance that can easily be worn by men. Get it while it’s still readily available. 

Only caveat, it takes time to understand and appreciate Shalimar, vintage Shalimar makes this process easier.
positive Shalimar is one of the most famous perfumes of French house Guerlain and one of my all time favorites. If you want to be clinical about it, the perfume was created in 1925 by Jacques Guerlain, in time when the “scent of Orient” began spreading through Western Europe. It touched everything, from fashion, art, music…to perfumes. Jacques Guerlain was experimenting with a brand new substance, synthetic vanilla (etylvanilin) and mixed it with different perfume basis. He was happy with the results but when he mixed vanilla and Jicky…magic happened. The spirit of Shalimar was freed from the bottle.

Perfume and its name haven’t stopped intriguing our senses and imagination; its effect breaks social taboos. Respectable ladies of the time shouldn’t consummate cigarettes, dance tango… and wear Shalimar. They of course did all that in secrecy. There isn’t a force strong enough to stop the passion and erotic yearning for life embodied in Shalimar, whose name in Sanskrit means “temple of love.” Legendary garden where Emperor Shah Jahan and Mumtaz Mahal celebrated their love. After Mumtaz’s death, inconsolable emperor built Taj Mahal in honor of his favorite wife. Like Taj Mahal, Shalimar is a monument and part of perfume history. It is the first oriental perfume history knows. But that is not the most important thing…because the story of Shalimar has no beginning or end. It is a story of the essence of human desire, the sweet moments of bliss unknown to history but older than time.

It could have been created in ancient Egypt where its lush, intoxicating nature would spark forbidden love between Cleopatra and Marc Antony. Homeland of Shalimar could have been mysterious and magical Arabia because it told more than 1001 tales. I can easily imagine Madame Pompadour wearing it and knocking the entire Louis XV’s court of their feet with her beauty, charm and seductive silage. I can even see, with my inner vision, a beautiful creature inhabiting Earth thousands of years from now, smelling like Shalimar and through synthetic explosion in its highly developed brain soaking freely all the beauty of being on this planet and tasting its sensual fruits skillfully captured in a small bottle of perfume. As poet John Keats said: “A thing of beauty is a joy for ever, Its loveliness increases, it will never pass into nothingness.” If that is the case, isn’t it beautiful?
positive Think Mae West and Sophia Loren and Rita Hayworth all rolled into one. Pure and utterly rich plushness and rounded, generous bosoms and a warm, talcum-ed girdle. The grande dame of all perfume-land and one of the few scents that I love, but cannot wear. She is truly beautiful and utterly seductive...so much so that I feel as if I am wearing a satin negligee and pink feather boa whenever I put her on. She is more of a woman than I ever could be and almost too hot to handle, so I smell her from a distance and enjoy her all the more that way. 

The scent for which the term va-va-voom was invented.
positive One of the greatest scents in modern history.  I've always owned this and always shall.  My nose memory cannot tell the difference between vintage and modern.  Nor, does it care.  Not a scent for the timid.  Deep, rich, velvety, and assertive...
positive I’m so glad I have this beauty in my stable finally!  I’ve flirted with Shalimar for a long time, and really wanted to get it, and then by some major luck I was able to pick up a nice big bottle for an astonishingly good price, so I went for it.  But really, what more can I say about this that hasn’t been said before?  It’s a beautiful scent and I can understand why so many people love it.  The sillage and longevity of this is amazing – I could still smell this after eight hours, and it’s one of those scents that seems to bloom if you get a bit warm.  This is one of the few perfumes I have that has elicited an unprompted “oh, you smell nice!” from my husband.  Normally I have to shove my arm under his nose and ask him to smell it before I’ll get a comment.  Reading through the reviews, I’m amazed at how this perfume reacts with different people – some get leather, some get incense, some get spice, some get lemon.  Each time I wear this, it is different.  The first time I wore it, it was all soft powder with a touch of citrus.  The next time, I got a big burst of citrus at the start, with a hint of leather, before it mellowed into a beautiful, soft, creamy powdery vanilla.  The time after that, it was all powder and cream and vanilla, straight away.  Shalimar smells sexy and very, very classy but at the same time, there is also something very comforting and approachable about it.  It’s like you’re at a fancy party, and you see a stunningly beautiful, beautifully dressed, elegant woman – at first glance, she appears aloof, and you’re not sure if you should approach her.  So you stay away, and instead she approaches you and flings her arms around you and greets you like a long-lost friend, and she’s so warm and friendly and welcoming that you wonder why you stayed away.  I love it.  
positive Top notes attractive notes with the freshness of the citrus flavor (especially the notes of Bergamot). The colors from the floral notes give the overall scent of perfume a special, full of smooth continuous drainage with the presence of iris, jasmine and roses. Creamy soft vanilla seductive, combined with the scent of iris hard to resist, all around flavor and aroma of a food pharmaceutical warm tonka bean, all blended into a unified whole top from which no language can describe.

Queen of the oriental flavor, fragrance Shalimar is a feminine, attractive and timeless for perfume. Perfume scent sexy and smooth screen with sweet vanilla flavor warm embrace of incense and amber. Elegance and persistence, the seductive appeal of Shalimar contained.

Timeless oriental fragrance full of charm and mystery for the girls. Beautiful bottle design and meaningful. Exotic fluidity is also the strength of fragrance. 
positive This 1950s Shalimar Eau de Cologne is a nice, sweet vanilla and tonka perfume, stronger than my 1980s Habit Rouge Eau de Cologne, but bearing a strong resemblance.
positive Sharp bergamot and powder on the opening, a little soapy. Rose and jasmine full in your face, drying beautifully through amber and creamy sandalwood. Tonka, opopanax and leather underneath.
The first 20 minutes are gorgeous - I have my nose to my wrist every 60 seconds so as to not miss a turn in the development.
Although the opopanax powder is quite heady at first - I found it be an acquired taste, actually - it is soon balanced by the incense spice. Later, it settles down into that lovely soft, warm vanilla and tonka base, kept from becoming too sweet by a little leather to dry it.

Definitely a grown-up fragrance with the option of sharing - would love to smell it on a musky male, interesting with a touch deep in a beard, I think.
One of my top 5 favourite feminine fragrances and the first I ever bought blind...
positive What can I say about Shalimar?  I think it is a milestone of perfumery.  A classic.  I am a Guerlain addict and I love the big 3 (L'Heure Bleue, Mitsouko and Shalimar).  I always have an EDP working of those three.  I love Shalimar but was first not going to wear it because I associated it with both my mother and sister who wore it.  I thought it would be too much for me but it is wonderful.  This dark, sweet and smoky scent is wonderful on me and can definitely be worn by a man.  3 sprays will do it;  one on the chest and one in each crook of the elbow is enough.  Best to apply about an hour before leaving the house as the opening is quite strong and can be alarming with the high dose of bergamot.  
The beauty of Shalimar for me is the development of all the notes that come together in the final drydown.  
I think that the citrus blast of bergamot with a bit of cedar in the opening leads beautifully into the heart of jasmine, iris and a deep rose scent that is unbelievably rich.  The creme brulee vanilla drydown is stunningly displayed on skin for the remainder of the day and I love it at the end of the day when I take my T shirt off and can still smell the Guerlinade and perhaps a bit of civet to make it interesting and personal.  
The use of oppoponax and tonka bean are pure genius and make the base absolutely unforgettable.
Everyone must try this just to sample a bit of the brilliance of Guerlain.
This seems like a refined sweeter version of the civet heavy Jicky which is my number one favorite scent of all time.
positive A lemony, powder-sugared confection.  That is how the gourmand quality hits me.  Like those little lemon cookies at Easter time covered in powdered sugar.  So yeah, this is very powdery.  My mom always wore the very powdery Chantilly and this is also very powdery in a similar way.  If you associate powdery perfumes with mothers and grandmas, then this will be one of those.  

The dry down is where Shalimar really wins me over.  It settles into a warmer, more vanilla scent (yet still powdery).  I can't get enough of it then. At this point, it doesn't project as much, making it more of a personal indulgence of nostalgia.  Not one you're going to wear out to blast the party and club scene with.
positive My family is mostly show people and jazz musicians, and when I was little there were often colorful characters hanging around, HOW colorful I didn't find out until later.

One of them was an older English lady named Mae, who had a white poodle. Apparently she was the madam in a high-end brothel. Sometimes we'd go to Mae's apartment, which had the most extraordinary smell of years and years of Shalimar permeating every surface + unwashed dog. That was my first Guerlain experience. (The second was a Pekingese that smelled of Mitsouko. True - not trying to be funny.)

So it took a very long time before I could really consider Shalimar on its own merits, and even then, its skanky facet was off-putting to me, because I kept smelling unwashed dog! In retrospect, Mae's poodle may not have been that dirty, and it might have just been her vintage Shalimar. I really never thought I'd become a Shalimar person, even though I have lots of history with the other vintage Guerlain greats.

The Ode a la Vanille (Mexique) ended up being my gateway drug, because the vanilla in that version is so smoky and dense and wonderful that I could stick with it, and now I've learned to love even the skank of Shalimar proper. 

I do continue to prefer that limited edition, yet I've come to own and love the EDC, as well, because that version also features a very smoky vanilla, and ends up wearing as mostly that. Plus it's often available inexpensively in the drugstore! Coming around to Shalimar has actually had a fantastic effect on my perfume spending habits, for while I  still find new things that I like, when I ask myself, "but would you be likely to NOT wear Shalimar to wear this instead?" it's just a no.


positive Salutation.

I absolutely love this fragrance and definitely it is in my top 10 of all great fragrances for ladies.It is a classically timeless rich floral fragrance.A sensual and provocative fragrance that oozes femininity. Masterpiece,Seductive,Warm,Magnetic, Artistic,Rich and Feminine

The opening is classic floral with a citrusy note,which harmonizes with the note of Rose,Jasmine and Patchouli.A base of Incense, Vanilla,Sandalwood and Leather brings an air of Sensuality as it is warm and full of depth. The dry down is wonderful.

You wear it when you are going somewhere very SPECIAL and you want to make a Great impression.This fragrance might be best for AUTUMN/WINTER seasons.excellent for perfect lady. Anyway in my mind it is an intoxicating bosom smell,it is just phenomenal and a definite must have.

Sillage?Fantastic. 

Longevity?Great on my skin. 

THANK YOU GUERLAIN 

8.5/10
positive This is an intriguing opening indeed, a surprisingly dark bergamot with rose and - on my skin - an early opopanax burst - denoting shadowy freshness with incense. The floral drydown with iris, jasmine and a whiff of a gently smoky leather.  
In the second half the very guerlainesque vanilla grown stronger, full but elegant and never overbearing. 

This is fairly unique composition, beautifully balanced, well blended and firmly structured.  Classic, especially older version,whose drydown have a gentle powderiness added and are richer and darker.  Yet the newer versions - they are no full reformulations to me - are less powdery and lighter, but still delightful. 

I get strong sillage, excellent projection and eight hours of longevity. 

A grand classic and well worth it, even the recent versions: 4.25/5.
positive I quite like this. However if I have to speak my mind free from the pressure of knowing that it is sort of a perfume legend and all, I would rate this as one of the old perfumes. It's nice but could be better, or, it smells somewhat dated to my nose and I wouldn't want to wear this too often. My aunt used to wear this, this alone, -who owned only this.-25 years ago also didn't help me too much shake the perception of Shalima being OLD. 

If I am over 55, I wouldn't want to use it since I am sure this scent will add more age. I think anybody who is still  young can try this one without feeling too self-conscious. She will stand out smelling gorgeous and above all, special. 
It is just my personal opinion, but I believe that scents can make the wearer seem aged/dated since the famous and old perfumes have popular smell of the era which everybody can associate with those period.It seems especially true those era are closely put together. Whenever I smell of Estee Lauder Beautiful, the wearer is almost always over 35. Really powdery one like Chanel No.5 or Soapy one like White linen is frequently worn by 50+ yo ladies. Anybody sticking to wearing Thierry Mugler's Angel can be seen 30+. The more broadly popular the scents were, the worse the effect, I reckon since mass of people recognize them. but, less known scents that were created a century ago, still can smell very fresh due to rarity.
positive I began wearing Shalimar after spending a lot of time around one of my friends who wore it every day.   I thought she was so feminine and classy, and that's the way it makes me feel.   I believe it is the vanilla and opoponax that got me addicted to it.  I'm so glad that my husband also LOVES this perfume.  To me, it is as classic as Chanel No. 5, which I'm actually not that fond of.  
positive I'm going to assume the notes on this site are quite incomplete because I don't see anise, black pepper, or cinnamon listed and all three have a presence in this fragrance.  The top is bergamot with pepper and anise, a bit too spicy for my taste but very well-blended leading straight into the heart of it which is slightly flowery, slightly powdery, slightly spicy and slightly creamy.  This middle lasts quite a while and there's a hint of incense, smokiness, and leather throughout but as with any well-blended Guerlain you'll only catch some of these facets some of the time throughout the day.  This is so well-done that I can't get enough of that scent despite the fact that I find it too spicy for me.  The incense gets a bit stronger as the middle drags slowly along but it never really dominates on me.  Coming to the end phase of the fragrance, many hours later, a touch of dryness or leatheriness remains but there's a lot of creaminess and a touch of spiciness acting as dominant notes.  It almost smells like warm milk with a bit of cinnamon and just a touch of vanilla.  I would eat something that smells like this.  The Guerlinade is most certainly there too.  Overall I love the smell of it and though a man could get away with wearing it in extreme moderation I don't think i'll be wearing it often just because of how uncomfortable I am smelling anise or pepper all day.  It's no wonder this great fragrance is a classic of perfumery!
positive Old formulation: My mother had a sample in the late 80s/early 90s, and I remember loving it, the opulent spicy fragrance which I associated to winter and warm coats.

New formulation: I recently tested it at a department store. It does smell quite differently, still with the same inspiration, but the new version is a worthy fragrance in its own way. If I could, I would own both formulations.

The new formulation started with a combination that reminded me of the older Shalimar, spicy, warm, almost oily (in a good way), only not as round. Maybe a bit more angular and less oily. 

As it dries, it becomes very different from the older one. The woods and sandal came to the front and in my opinion created a sour phase which previously did not exist. I quite appreciate this phase. Then amber and incense too, it becomes a little less sour and rounder, but still quite different from the older Shalimar, woodier, airier and not as oily. After a while the sour disappears and it is woods, amber, incense and a few spices in a rounded, warm, more "behaved" version of the older one.

Still a dense perfume, but different. As I said, I actually like both.
positive I own the EDC from Walmart.  When i first sprayed it on, i smell a plastic shower curtain smell.  This changed over time to a strong powdery orange creamcicle smell mixed with vanilla and maybe some sweaty keys out of someones sweaty pocket?!  
   Gotta try it again later.

K, tried it again and now.....I really like it...no plastic shower curtain or sweaty pocket scent at all.  Strange how ones nose picks up different things each time.  One thing i did differently this time was shake the bottle a little before applying....don't know if that mattered or not?  This time i pick up more citrusy smells....which i adore by the way, but is that bergamot in the mix making it smell kind of like an orangy lemon?  Oh, and vanilla, which i like, but i really, really would like to be able to pick out the leather note...which right now i am having allot of trouble doing...i would wear something with mainly just that note if i could just smell it.  So far, love it tho...powdery lemony orange vanilla...thats what i pick out. 
positive Genre: Oriental

I don’t have much to add to the discussion where this classic is concerned. All I care to do is draw attention to the brilliant treatment of opopanax. Much has been said regarding the unique quality of Guerlain’s vanilla, displayed most prominently in Shalimar and Jicky, but for me the enigmatic, spicy-sweet, resinous quality of opopanax is equally responsible for Shalimar’s allure. The interplay of vanilla and opopanax established in Shalimar’s base notes still resonates in compositions as recent as Diptyque’s Eau Lente and Nicolaï’s Maharadjah, but I have yet to experience an interpretation that trumps the original’s exquisite balance. I wonder if it’s even possible to fully comprehend the oriental fragrance genre without becoming familiar with Guerlain’s enduring paragon.


negative Good God, what have they done to this once beautiful perfume?  This concoction is an abomination of its former self.  I had an older bottle for years that I would always return to, received a new one for a present that is so different it is nearly unrecognisable.  The cloyingly sickly sweet smell of vanilla off the new formulation is downright offensive, I actually had to wash it off and I have never had to do that before with perfume.  What was once one of my favourite scents is now dead and buried.  Don't bother buying this, just get a couple of vanilla pods and rub them around your neck, job done. 
negative I ordered a bottle of this over the internet, and thought it must have been a knock-off because it smelled so terrible on me. I gave it away, but have since tried it again at a department store to make sure it wasn't just a bad bottle, and it wasn't. There is something in the opening that reacts badly with my skin. After about 30 minutes it calms down, but still doesn't smell great. I had a bottle of Shalimar back in the early 80s and did not have a problem, so I am thinking it is something they have added to the newer formulations. The newer version is truly terrible on me and I cannot pick out anything on the pyramid that normally reacts that way with my skin. My friend asked me please not to stand too close...
negative Shalimar EdP opens with a astringent citrus accord of bergamot and lemon and then moves into a lovely vanilla scent.

When the incense arrives and melds with the vanilla the scent does become quite alluring.

Though as it evolves you begin to smell leather and civet which also mix's in with the incense in a unpleasant way. At this stage it starts to smell acrid like mothballs or bug spray.

The scent is complex and has many facets of development with floral notes adding to the above notes. 

I like some elements of the fragrance like the vanilla and incense. But what kills my interest is the dated mothball/bugspray like accord coming from the civet and incense.
negative Shalimar is unequivocally the most cloyingly sweet, baroque perfume on the market today. Some old fragrances become classic standards that are timeless. Others survive by being "a name" in popular culture. The overwhelmingly sickening sweet synthetic vanilla and talcum powder of Shalimar that projects and punches EVERYBODY within 20 feet of the wearer (literally) is actually indecent and offensive. Goes beyond a statement. Beyond boldness. Beyond good taste. I can't think of another fragrance that is so overpowering that I'd have to tell someone I can't stand to be near them. Long after escaping the vicinity of a  Shalimar cloud, it's all you can smell. Your battered olfactory senses causing a headache and thoughts of "does this meal smell like Shalimar?" or "have they cleaned this restroom with Shalimar?" and so on. The domineering pervasiveness is actually rude then.

neutral I am really in two or even multiple minds on this one.  Had a test spray on a strip last summer, liked it enough to spray some on me. Lovely, and not like anything else in my wardrobe. I read all the blurb, info and reviews,  and added it to my birthday wish list.  Hmm. Be careful what you wish for. Like a summer romance that fades once back in the real world, I wonder if I'd mixed up the scents I tried that August afternoon in Brighton. Or maybe the air is different in the South West. 
This smells gorgeous on the dry down, but the couple of hours to get there? A heavy traffic journey in an overheated car with a fractious under- 4 screaming "are we there yet?" Way too intense.
I have to be really careful not to apply more than 2 sprays, or I get burning eyes, instant head ache and can barely breathe. Aldehydes? But my skin always absorbs fragrance very fast, so I have to apply at least 4 sprays to get it to last over two hours.  Ok; so a smart exit from the bathroom away from the fog of choking scent, and the first strikingly good and weird stuff starts happening within 10 minutes. A huge burst of cut lemons right next to a smoking wood fire, without any blending of the two. They are absolutely distinct in a way I've not experienced in any other scent. So good, yet so scary. This perfume is taking no prisoners. Something dirty-sexy bleeds through  about half an hour later, it's very animalic at this point, bordering on the unpleasant, and I hate it.  This feels far too strong to be on me at all, and definitely not out in public, but by then, I'm leaving the house, so too late to back out. 
However,....I can't stop sniffing my arms. After an hour the lemons and smoke and dirt have come together to make a truce, and an uneasy peace is agreed. Some days the ceasefire holds and I love wearing this,it's earthy, smoked-lemony and gorgeous. Some days though there are  nasty skirmishes and the smell remains over-strong, unblended, raw and industrial. 
Some fragrances can only be worn when I am in the right mood for them,(such as Cliquat de Lancome or Ivoire de Balmain), and that always works. The problem I have with Shalimar, is that I can't guess whether its going to be a day of war or peace- the scent reaction to  my skin seems to be completely out of my control. Mood doesn't affect her. Overall a bit of a loose cannon. When she was good, she was very, very good; and when she was bad, she was horrid.    
neutral I had the chance to test Shalimar EDP (current version), Shalimar parfum de toilette, Shalimar Souffle de Parfum and buy a 70s vintage version Shalimar, the first version of Ode à la Vanille, sur la Route de Madagascar and sur la Route du Mexique. 

The current Shalimar EDP was a bit disappointing. A lot of bergamot with some cardamom and then a powdery rose (almost itchy). Then it settles down finally but doesn't give a good sillage. What's funny is that it smells different if you smell it one cm away from another spot. 

Shalimar from the 70s is so much better. Both softer and spicier, with an amber, cashmere feel. You get the bergamot and the rose, but nothing is too strong. 

Parfum de toilette (mine is from 93) is even softer but powerful with more powdery vanilla. Less “itchy” bergamot and rose. 


Souffle de parfum shouldn't be compared. This is not Shalimar, don't expect Shalimar. There are some common notes, especially if you wear vintage Shalimar on the other wrist. But it's very good on its own! A wonderful floral with some spices and a gourmand dry-down. I'm happy I randomly got a sample of this and I hope I'll get a full bottle. Sillage could be better, though.

The original Ode à la Vanille opens in a very bitter way. It's balsamic. Then it goes towards a powdery bergamot. The acid vanilla comes later. It's a bit sweeter than the vintage Shalimar but quite similar in the dry down. It also has more fruit. 

Sur la Route de Madagascar shares a lot of notes as well, but it's more floral than fruity. It's more animalistic. Dirtier in a very sexy way. It has more vanilla than the others as well. 

Sur la Route du Mexique opens with more pepper. It's something between rhum and gin, with spices. It might have a more itchy, synthetic feel for me.

Note that the three bottles are exactly the same. You've got to keep the boxes to differentiate them. 

The opening of all those Shalimar, except for souffle de parfum, is the biggest difference. The more they dry, the most similar they get. 

neutral Beautifully put together, it opens with caramel and musk. Flowery notes come in after. This fragrance is /strong/. But it's a little bit of an acquired taste, and not for me. It's all at once too sweet for me, while also not leathery enough. 
neutral I'm told that what I'm smelling here is a recent EdP. 

Shalimar is usually instantly recognizable; a cavalcade of notes that somehow manage to synchronize perfectly. But versions of this scent tend to vary quite a bit, and in this particular one there’s a medicinal, metallic effect that cuts through the standard citrus to meet with a powdery vanilla, producing what I'd describe as redolent of effervescent candy. It reminds me a little bit of sherbet lemons—the same candied sweetness that walks a fine line between sour and sugary, only here the sour notes are rendered in a more industrial, disinfectant style.

What’s strange about this version, though, is that it doesn’t bear much of a connection to the Shalimar that I’m more familiar with—that civet-y, marzipan-style scent that’s top loaded with crisp citrus notes. This version is gaunt by comparison, and seems to veer more towards clinical sterility than confection. I don’t dislike it (I actually don’t like Shalimar very much, so this might even be a step-up for me), but I’m not entirely clear what its aiming for or how this version wandered so far away from the original fragrance.
positive Ah, the ur-Oriental. Sitting down to write a review of Shalimar kind of feels like looking up at the top of Mount Everest and wondering how the hell even to begin the ascent. It seems to cover (in one single bottle) a lot of the themes and notes people go looking for in separate perfumes - you want vanilla, it's the textbook example, you want smoke and incense, well you got that too, you want amber, it is the mother of all modern ambers, you want animalics and leather, ditto. If you also happen to be the type of person who is interested in freaky notes, like baby diaper, burning tires, tar, and slightly rancid butter, then, why yes, Shalimar also has you covered.

It's not an easy perfume to love right off the bat. Don't get me wrong, Shalimar is easy to love, but the actual falling in love bit is not immediate. It took me ten days of wearing it before I could even tolerate it, let alone love it, but I got there and in end, it clicked for me, and that was it. Pure love. The everlasting kind. Whenever I see someone saying, oh I just don't get Shalimar, or oh Shalimar hates my skin, you know what I am thinking? You're just not trying hard enough. Put your back into it. If you can't commit a week or ten days out of your life to understanding Shalimar, then not only are you cheating yourself out of experiencing one of the best perfumes ever made, you are also missing the opportunity to "get" most orientals that came after Shalimar. 

For, once you unlock Shalimar, you start to see that Serge Lutens' Ambre Sultan is just a snapshot of a portion of Shalimar (principally the amber and herbes de provence) blown up 150% and turned sideways. Etro's Shaal Nur is an abbreviated essay on the incense and opoponax in Shalimar. Mono di Orio's excellent Vanille is a modern take on the woodsy vanilla of Shalimar. You can spot echoes of Shalimar in Chypre Palatin (vanilla and animalics), Fate Woman (bergamot and powder) and Bulgari Black (vanilla, rubber, smoke). Whether perfumers are aware of it or not, most of today's grand orientals refer at least in part back to the ur-Mother Oriental herself.

Forgive my wittering on. For all of that, Shalimar smells absolutely wonderful, grand, lush, smoky, sexy, comforting, and warm. The opening, as I've mentioned, is jarring to the nth degree, especially if you're not used to it. I don't know whether it's the particularly stinky grade of Bergamot that Guerlain use, or the way it clashes with the vanilla, but the top notes smell curdled and rancid, like when you pour lemonade into cream. The vanilla itself smells tarry and burned, like rubber tires piled high and set on fire. Somehow, somewhere underneath all of that, there appears a slightly horrifying note of soiled diapers, or at least baby powder that has been caked into the creases of a baby's bottom. It smells sort of unclean, and is pungent enough to singe your nose hairs off. 

Here's the odd thing - after you get used to Shalimar, you start to actively crave the weird opening. When you begin to go "Mmmmmmm" rather than holding your breath, this is a sign that you've crossed the line. Welcome! It's like a Shibboleth for hard-core fans of Shalimar -  we're all over here at the other side of the line, and everyone else is pressing their noses to the glass, shaking their heads and saying, "I think you have Stockholm Syndrome" 

After the "horrific" first half hour (for which you may want to refrain from sniffing your wrists if you are smelling it for the first time), it is an easy ride from there on in. Sweet, smoky vanilla poured on top of a long, golden, powdery amber, with accents of leather, smoking resins, and animalic musks. It has this neat trick of smelling comforting/familiar and yet ultra-sexual at the same time. It lasts all day and, in my humble opinion, is just fantastic in whatever concentration and vintage you wear. Yes, the vintage parfum is the deepest and smokiest, but we can't always be wearing that (for reasons of finances as well as time and place), so it's good to know that Shalimar is still recognizably the same Shalimar in the weakest EDC as it is in the parfum - thinner, yes, but still, you wouldn't mistake her for anybody else. For me, it is true love, and a top five perfume forever. It is like my second skin.  
positive Rich, somptuous, baroque chypre masterpiece. There's pretty everything in it, a comprehensive symphony or perfumery basics. Splendid talcum-powdered drydown, gentle as a lady asleep. Not much to chat about this!

10/10
positive Love the history.....love Guerlain....don't love or even like Shalimar.  Instead of smelling sultry and seductive, I smell like an old ashtray.  The smoky notes just overwhelm on me.  
positive As many others have already said, shalimar is a classic, perhaps the most classic of them all, and equaly a work od a genius perfumer. For me is smells more msculine than feminine, what is no surprise after Prada pour Homme Intense, Eau Sauvage Parfum, Burberry Brti for Men, Tom ford noir and many scents in the same oriental veil. Shalimar seems a blueprint for so many scents we all know and that's why I cannot perceive Shalimar as dated, old fashion and even less, praise God, old lady-grandma-ish. No need to go through the notes, it has been done very well indeed by some Basenoters. I just think everybody really keen on fragrances should try Shalimar. It is beautiful, it is an art form, it is perfection. I feel very fortunate to own an EDP bottle of this relic and yet so present, uptodate scent that is Guerlain Shalimar.
positive Shalimar is a scent I'd been avoiding. Somehow, it had 'old lady' tones in my mind.  However, I've been progressing in my journey, I've discarded the idea that a scent fits with a particular age group.  Yes, some scents are classic and have been worn for many years by people and so you may know an older woman whose been wearing Shalimar for 5 decades, however, that doesn't define the character of the scent.

In the case of Shalimar, it's been around for so long because it is that good.  I've been wearing the current EDT with great pleasure.  It's a scent that envelopes me like a fur coat, in fact, a bit like fur that remains on the leather which has been sueded and worn soft.  This scent is warm, familiar and full of smooth vanilla laden leather.    I recently acquired a bottle of the vintage EdC and find that it is creamier still.  It's got the typical feel of Guerlain, a powdery feel, but I don't feel like that is as strong as in some of the Guerlains, it is more creamy than powdery to my nose.

This is a wonderful scent for most any occasion, though I suspect it will perform less well in a hot and humid climate.  It is a powerful scent to my nose, not something that the wall-flower would want and I believe a man could easily wear it as well.
positive Typical example of a fragrance that you need to let grow on you before you can fully appreciate it! Fist time I tried this... a very strong, very dirty, almost bitter vanillic leather aroma hit me and I found it quite pungent and almost overbearing. But after a few days, and other applications... I really had to agree with everyone here in that this is quite an elegantly made, beautifully blended, sophisticated fragrance, and I can see why many call this a masterpiece. There is not much more to add to what others have said, but I would say to first time users please give it a few tries on your skin and leave it the time it needs to fully appreciate it. Trust me, if you do this you will be rewarded, but be patient and you will see why so many people call this a masterpiece.
positive Superbto be honest, I buy Shalimar only for the gorgeous bottle at first. I dont sniff it, just get this pretty flacon. how bad Guerlain could be?real badass. the opening is not my favourite part (at fact, the least. its rather offensive), but the rest, especially the dry down is something to die for. the vanilla and incense is really prominent (but the seller said, "its woody spicy". never trust a seller women. especially when they already tried to sell a BOSS Bottled) usually I detest vetiver, but on this one its controlled beautifully, ended with strong Vanilla that just perfect. it have strong projection and stays for really long time. the bad side is, like most Guerlain is on the banal opening. if you survived the first minutes, a very beautiful scent awaits you Pros: projection, longevityCons: opening"
positive It really has grown on methe other sitting in a meting I was distracted by a whiff of the most delicious perfume, I surreptitiously sniffed the people within distance and none of them had warm woody tones with a hint of spice. As my head dropped to my chest to retrieve my pad I realized to my surprise that it was me. I would never have guessed applying Shalimar in the morning inhaling the burst of powdery vanilla and rather sweet fruit that what would remain through the day would be be a lovely spicy base with a hint of rose. I love the combination of sandalwood patchouli and jasmine and rose, though some notes are fainter than others. I wear it because of what it becomes and for how long it lasts, if I could change it I would add more strong green patchouli and maybe a hint more of rose.Pros: it gets better as the day wears onCons: first whiff is deadly sweet"
positive Great in bottle, less so on skinMy bottle of vintage Shalimar arrived today and when I removed the stopper, an absolutely heavenly and complex aroma of florals and woods and citrus filled my nose.  Yet when I put it on, I smelled ... well, like an old lady.  Just because I AM one doesn't mean I have to smell like it!  I'll try it again, but so far I'm not sure I'll be wearing this grande dame, happy though I am to own her.Pros: LuxuriousCons: A familiar scent to many"
positive Shalimar eau de parfum reformulationAfter finding out that my idol Lady Miss Kier of Deee-Lite wore Guerlain's Shalimar I immediatly bought a bottle I was just 14 back then in 1993.it was a gorgeous warm powdery kind of a heavy perfume I loved the vanilla and the exotique feel of it, it became my signature perfume for quite some time. Now 20 years later I bought a bottle of eau de parfum and i still like it but i do smell that it is not what it used to be I've been reading up on some reviews here on Basenotes and at Bois de jasmin's blog finding out it was reformulated i still like it but thers something missing.the reformulation seems to be milder and doesnt stay with me aslong as the 1990's Shalimar I once knew did.I love Guerlain for its history and perfume know how and tradition its my  favorite house but i feel robbed.It is still gorgeous and really really beautifull but this is not the old Shalimar I knew
positive Pour Homme	Shalimar is a perfume associated mostly with women from an older generation, so as a young man, 20 years of age, I perhaps can offer a more unique perspective of one of the jewels of the House of Guerlain. 	Let's quickly look at the key notes found in Shalimar:	Top: Mandarin orange, Cedar, Bergamot, Lemon	Heart: Iris, Patchouli, Jasmine, Vetiver, Rose	Base: Leather (?), Sandalwood, Opoponax, Musk, Civet or Civetone (?), Vanilla, Tonka bean 	First off, you might be sick of hearing this, but, like all Guerlain perfumes, Shalimar is a deeply personal thing. This is because Shalimar is definitely not your typical woody/oriental perfume. A quick glance at the notes makes this more obvious. Cedar, typically a heart or base note, is used as a top note, and this gives a distinctive woodiness right off the bat.  Vetiver and patchouli, which are now typically used as base notes. These help to cut the citrusy scents of the top notes and brings a bit of balance and, more importantly, complexity into the perfume. In the base notes, civet or civetone (the synthetic alternative to the natural ingredient, now banned for ethical reasons) brings a strong animalistic scent to the perfume. 	Next, my initial introduction to Shalimar was when my grandmother used it. To me, it was the epitome of sensuality and luxury. It has amazing projection and longevity, and merely a few drops of the perfume would last the rest of the day. 	Finally, I am using Shalimar because it works well on me. For reasons unknown to me, when Shalimar touches my skin, the top notes go off quite quickly, only lingering as time passes. In contrast, the musky and powdery base notes project very well, with the dominate notes being vanilla and tonka bean. This leaves a powdery and, almost, creme brulee-ish scent on me.Pros: Excellent projection and longevity, legendary scents, top grade ingredientsCons: Varies greatly with personal tastes and body chemistries"
positive A warm temple of mysterious love in a bottle...As a perfume hobbyist, some iconic scents of ladies department also come into my collection. And as expected, Shalimar ranked as top priority on my purchase list.So, as I recalled the first time I sprayed Shalimar, my immediate reaction was: wow, it's indeed warm and sensual. The aroma was so complex so should you want to give a try--you should try this one with caution.Yes, not every chick can wear this, even for some first-timers this would definitely too much too handle. A possible headache or confusion (due to trying to identify the notes LOL) may result.The longevity is truly outstanding, tested on my wrist and it lasted 8 hours and more. After a warm spicy mixture of scents decorated the earlier stage, a slight jasmine followed shortly but not too powerful. As it dried down vanilla note appeared and lasted, clear and sweet.Mysterious, as I remembered this one. Just like its name, Shalimar best translated as a warm temple of mysterious love. So, undisputedly this one suitable and enjoyable only for a more mature women not for teens.Even though I still have no idea if my wife (Estee Lauder Pleasures Exotic, Kenzo Flower, Hermes Un Jardin Sur Le Nil) or my mom (YSL Rive Gauche for women, Thierry Mugler Angel) would love to wear this or not. My overall scoring was 8/10.Pros: Warm & heartfelted scent, great longevityCons: Complex aroma on immediate spray not suitable for younger users, standard bottle & packaging
positive Love this perfume	Shalimar is my go to perfume for every occasion.  It's classic.
positive Try with caution: not everyone can wear this, on some it will make me feel queezy and give me an instant headache!

I just bought a bottle of the cologne being a bit shy to try a stronger concentration and I am absolutely loving this!  The lasting power of the cologne is truly impressive it wears on way beyond what I imagined, a good 8 hours.  In the dry down I love the burnt creamy vanilla that appears, smells like heaven.  Love this but may not wear to work!  Sexy, vampy and mysterious is the name of the game here not cookie cutter scent of the week.
positive Hmmm... Shalimar. Ladies smell so nice when they wear it. This is a scent that can bring about many memories. I can recall being a young teenager and being completely intoxicated by a friend's mom's perfume. This stuff MADE her a "hot mom". I remember the bottle...

I bought some for my girlfriend. She's in the roller derby, and I was looking for something that would go well with her sport. We've gone through many sweet, fruity, herbal, and sporty scents... tried a few Etat Libre d'Orange, and a couple of samples of various Tom Ford. I settled on trying out the Shalimar because of its longevity (not while wearing... I mean in the sense that it's been around since the 20s), its attractiveness, and the way it can match up with a sport like roller derby: It's dark, dangerous, sexy, and packs a punch, but can keep its wits about about it in social situations.

Shalimar comes in with the lemony top note, but does not last long. This dries down into something smoky and subtle, seductive. To me, it gets my mind racing on things like sex, making out, etc. The woman who wears this should wear in confidence that your man will notice.

I don't know what the formula was like in the 20s, but I would love to find out. Buy yourself an extrait or at least the EDP. Any other "strength" and you'll not get the full idea of what this scent is supposed to be.
I would even wear this myself if I paired it up with something Versace Baby Blue Jeans or put the smack down on it with Amouage Ciel Man.
This one's a sultry winner, ladies.

(update) I have been wearing this myself lately. I am really enjoying it. The extrait is the way to go... 
Guys, this smells good and I would recommend trying it. I know it's for ladies, but this can and WILL be quite masculine when worn by a guy... period. It smells nice, and you will get compliments... it seems that this is more unisex than anything else....
positive First try of Shalimar...

...there it sat on my skin. The flagship of Guerlain. The first spritz is very lemony of course, but you also get a sniff of cedar which reminds a bit of church pews and old fur coats. I knew at the first whisp this was a great Old World Perfume. A legend. History. 
The hesperidics are quite elusive and the scent changes remarkably into smoky vanilla. I don't get that much flowers. The smokiness makes me think of a Walpurgis Night bonfire. Shalimar has an aura of wisdom, of a significant other. It's one of the few perfumes that really make my mind wander. True dramatic beauty. 
Who knows what the vintage version was like, but even the reformulation is aweinspiring. Luca Turin said, Shalimar makes 80% of todays fragrances appear trivial.
Of course I now own a bottle. And what a timeless beauty that bottle is, don't you think? When did blue and yellow ever look that good together?

I'd dare say: Greatest perfume of all times! Too special for me to wear it every day, but good to know I have it!
positive I give this 5 Stars b/c I appreciate it.  It is one of the best loved fragrances of all time.  Having said that, I don't usually like women's Orientals.  This one is softened by the vanilla,Tonka and a light use of Bergamot.  The heart notes are all floral, soft florals. This has a gourmand tone to it. 
positive Just opened my bottle of Shalimar Pure Parfum and applied a few dabs...omg it is so sensual and beautiful and warm; heady and intoxicating---so luxurious. Wow!

Love it!


positive This was my second ever "grown up" perfume that my boyfriend bought for me
in 1973 and nearly 40years down the line I think I have grown into it.
I felt very sophisticated wearing it in my 20's but felt it was maybe too old for me
because of it's heaviness. However I have always loved the sensual smell and  always will, so do the men around me...as I have had many compliments on my 
perfume whilst wearing this,mainly from the older man !! 
positive What can one say about Shalimar that hasn't been said one million times?

Go buy yourself a bottle of the extrait.

Apply to your wrist.

Sit back, inhale deeply, and be transported to another universe.

And for the record, the extrait formulation is eminently suitable for use as a masculine - there is nothing even remotely girly about the dark-colored juice in the gorgeous crystal bottle, gentlemen.  
positive I recently purchased two vintage bottles of this and listed one on Etsy.  Today, I opened the second bottle and OH MY GOSH!  It is so very beautiful.  I quickly decided that could never be without this beautiful scent and took down the Etsy listing.  Who knows if I shall ever find the vintage EDT again?  I am totally in love.  
positive goes down heavy but results irritating to my neck skin, great scent anyway!
positive Chanel No. 5 ? 

Fugedaboutit. That powdery senior scent is as out of place these days as Guerlains Vetiver. 

This is what I imagined a timeless classic would smell like. Dark, vanilla, hints of oriental and side of civet for some carnal verve. Drydown is a creamy vanilla. 


positive I absolutely love it. It's the classic par excellence, way better than Chanel 5, a must have for anyone who loves perfumes.

And yet -- and this is a big YET -- it changes dramatically from bottle to skin. This can be for better or worse. On my mother and on some of my friends it smells great, and becomes the perfect fragrance for an elegant night out; on my skin, unfortunately, it gets flat, old, tired.

I am more sorry about this than I can say.

Still, every now and then, I spray it on my pillows and go to sleep thinking about some wonderful place in a faraway land.
positive The most perfect fume! I wore nothing else in my twenties before I was really able to understand, then I discarded it totally in favour of citrus scents in my early thirties, only to come back to it now, to rediscover it perfectly and completely. So much so that I now have edt (for bedtime), edp and vintage edp and parfum concentrations, im a Shalimar maniac! It's hypnotising and all encompassing - I have a lot of perfumes, and yet now I've rediscovered SHalimar I'm having a hard time wearing anything else. It feels like I'm cheating! I love Shalimar and I can believe I neglected her for so long. It's an incredible fragrance, from the Bergamot sharp opening to the nest like Opoponax tonka vanilla drydown. Genius.xxx

negative I've tried to enjoy Shalimar for its smell.  And its history.  And its importance.  And its benchmark status.  But no.  I'm afraid I think Shalimar smells gross.  That's not to say it isn't important and possibly a great perfume.  But I still think it smells gross.

Lately, I've been sampling the EDT, which is heavy on the baby powder and talc, fuzzy with lavender and a weird plasticky musk that smells like a diaper, as well as a realistic musk that smells like baby poo.  And there's vanilla, too.

I prefer the EDT because it focuses on the powdery aspects, letting the poopy diaper fade into a powdery spiced vanilla, which is the smell for most of the day.  

I've also tried the extrait, which highlights the poopy diaper musks and is just terrifying.

Oh well, I've given Shalimar MANY chances, and I get why people love it, but I just don't want to walk around smelling like a poopy diaper sprinkled with vanilla and cinnamon in a cloud of baby powder.  Maybe I'm losing snob points, but I'm fine with that...
negative Oh Dear Lord, Smells like FLY Spray :(after reading the background to this Fragrance and that of the good reviews I decided to try some of this on to check to see if was all that of the hype some people give this Fragrance. I was looking to give it to my Daughter for Christmas if it was good. I had imagined myself telling my daughter about the story behind the fragrance etc too but when I sprayed this on my arm, oh dear lord.. I nearly fainted... they didn't have any of the EDP so I used the EDT... my MRS didn't like it either, she thought it was horrible... it smelt like fly spray.. non the less, it was now on me so I watched if throughout the afternoon and into the evening.. it powdered down a lot better after an hour but still with that faint smell of fly spray in with the powder... it lasted very well, 8 hrs +... but hell, would you want it on you for that long? very disappointed :(Pros: dries down nicer than original burstCons: Smells like Fly Spray"
negative Disgusting and intrusive. 
negative I'm definitely in the minority here but I don't like this fragrance.  When Shalimar is mentioned I hear perfect, classic, wonderful.  When I try it all I get is vanilla, plastic, and dead cat.  What am I doing wrong, folks?  

neutral On good days, this smells like vanilla-flavored smoke and leather. On bad days, it smells like bug spray. 

That said, I'll always have a bottle with me, because there's a disturbing beauty to it, and as an oriental, it smells so completely different from any of the edible, dessert-like fragrances being classed in the same category today. (Not that I don't enjoy those.)

I can't say why but to me, Shalimar smells like it contains a tarry leather note. There's a deliberate "dirtiness" to it that makes it more raunchy than romantic, and I definitely need to be in the right mood to enjoy it.
positive There's nothing special when I tried Shalimar for the first time. It was the new version (EDP) that I tried at the local shop. From all the praise that I read here... I only got a burst of citrus note and sweet vanilla. A big disappointment for me...


I'm still curious for this "historical" SHALIMAR, so I tried to find the vintage one to erase my curiosity forever. I bought 1 bottle of Shalimar (PDT/75ml) at the flea market. I tried it at home, 2 sprays on my left arm and miracle happens...


I cannot explain the excitement I feel when I smell this beauty. It's like you've just drink a 100 years old wine when previously you only drink a grape juice.
positive If you looked in a dictionary under P for perfume there should be a big picture of Shalimar.  While some would argue that Chanel No 5 deserves that spot, to me Shalimar IS perfume, the highest expression of the perfumer's art. 

 Some people think of this as an "old lady scent" but don't forget, those old ladies were young once and it smelled as good on them then as it does now.  It works on a grandmother and on a nubile young 18 year old and at every age in between.  The story, the legacy, the packaging and advertising are all magnificent (that bottle!  The original is perfect) but what about the scent?  Well, it is gourmand without being too foodie, seductive yet still ladylike, rich and oriental but fresh at the same time.  I LOVE smelling this on a woman! The bergamot is perfectly done and paves the way for the iris and opoponax which is supported by the most beautiful vanilla ever--as only Guerlain can do.  This defines the Guerlainade note for me.   There is a smoky animalic note in there but it never forgets its manners, even if pushes the limits a bit.  

Please, women of the world, wear this more often!  In extrait if possible but all delivery systems for Shalimar are great--cologne, E de T, lotion, powder, etc.

I can well see why Guerlain paid homage to this when they gave us Habit Rouge and thank goodness they did, but for me, Shalimar is the mothership and a great perfume whose light  I hope never fades.      
positive SHALIMAR – Guerlain – 1925	[classic oriental]

This is the classic oriental, one of my favorites (Yves St. Laurent’s OPIUM and Boucheron’s JAIPUR HOMME are my top favorite orientals).  This is a warm, vanilla rich oriental, the very first of its type, and still the very best. Both men and women swoon when you wear it.

Top Notes: Bergamot, Lemon, Hesperides
Middle Notes: Jasmine, Iris, Rose, Patchouli, Vetiver
Base Notes: Vanilla, Frankincense, Opopanox, Sandalwood, Musk, Civet, Ambergis, Coumarin

positive Now I know why Shalimar is all over this site. What a wonderful fragrance! I seem to have an older version, the bottle is different than pictured, but it is lovely. Not too powdery for me, soft and sensual, a real classic. Still not better than Knowing on me, but I'll definitely keep it in stock.
positive This is my first review of a truly great perfume.  I don't think I've been qualified to write anything about a perfume as complex and perfectly composed as Shalimar.

I recently experienced for the first time the 1967+ vintage Shalimar extrait/parfum, in the  black and white zigzag box, with the purple flocked inner box adorned with the fabled gold Marly horse design inside the lid.  Its ferocious beauty has emboldened me to try to do it justice.  I compare it to the blue-boxed current parfum.  That is the only other formulation I know well.  Here goes ...

It opens with a beautifully radiant bergamot note.  That soon recedes into a chorus that is dark, smoky, sweet and animalic.  It's complexly organic, not just animalic in the "check-the-box", "yeah, it's in there" synthetic aromachemical sense.  It builds to a sharp, nose-singing kerosene bite.  It literally burns a bit when sniffed close to the skin.

It is intense, and utterly captivating. It goes in through the nose, passes through the brain, down the spine, and grabs you by the core.  Nothing else I've smelled has such a visceral effect.  People say that vintage Shalimar makes them feel weak in the knees, or feel faint.  You think this must be hyperbole.  It's not.  If any perfume has the power to incapacitate, it is this vintage of Shalimar in its opening movement.  The current version has much the same character, but is much less intense - not in potency or projection - in depth, darkness, and complexity.    The opening is the best part.

After that, the heart is still gorgeous, but it loses that raw gut-wrenching power.  It is much more floral -  rounder and sexier that the current parfum.  More feminine, most would say.  I don't care, though. It's too good for that to matter.  I think I smell jasmine, rose, and iris - I'm not sure, as I'm not great at separating out notes.  I'm sure there's much more than those three anyway.  It's very natural and complex to my nose. I would guess that these were still all natural florals in this vintage.  I don't know if the current parfum still has any, but there's a big difference, I think.  Resorting to an analogy, I'll say that the vintage is like an oil painting, where the current is like a pixelated digital image.  The current is very angular and sort of represents the idea of the floral elements, where the vintage feels ... real!  The heart is where the vintage and current differ the most in character.

The drydown is all smoky vanilla and sweet resins, overlaid with the fading light of the heart.  By the time the florals are gone, it is very similar to the current version.  That makes sense, as I don't think any of the base components are restricted, scarce, or particularly expensive.  It's deliciously edible by this point.  One of the nicest drydowns in all of perfumedom.

This is the best perfume I've ever known.

If I'm going to rate it, I'll say that on a scale of 1 to 10, this one goes to 11.  I have to do something to stand it apart from all of the other 10s.

11/10
positive One of the major fragrances that smells completely different on my skin as opposed to paper is Shalimar. 

On paper I get the big blast. A fistful of powdery sensuality anchored with high pitched lemon, dense beany vanilla and bergamot. I'm immediately transported. The after effects are a pleasant dry vanilla with that herbal lavender colored velour that all Guerlains seem to contain. It whispers oriental rather than sings it. 

However, on my skin I get a different world inhabited mostly by powdered vanilla. I can't get the citrus. The fade is very fast. An hour after application I have nothing but a barely noticeable hint of sweet baby powder. Why is that? No clue. Whatever it is, it's something in me. The paper sample smells rich roughly 3 hours after application. 

I will say that even with my poor chemistry, I still love Shalimar. Never mind that I likely can't wear it. It's so calm and frothy. I love its dainty chantilly creme' in contrast to the fatty pate' of other orientals. It's no wonder this was Rita Hayworths favorite perfume. It's feminine and sensitive, but at the same time bold, plump, vampish. 

The batch I smelled was the latest in the newly redesigned black ribbon bottle. I recall a few years ago smelling the classic tassled bottle and noting a distinct bitterness that turned me off. Maybe a louder bergamot in the old batch? 
positive I adore Shalimar! I think my favourite versions are from the '80's and '90's and I seek them out on eBay as they seem deeper, more complex and longer-lasting too. I always go back to Shalimar and I know I always will. 
positive Indisputably beautiful. Shalimar doesn't merely sit upon your skin and project its essence like most parfums; it melts into you, combining with you, and projects your essence. Hypnotic and wonderful. Breathtaking every single time.
positive I saw the reviews, and I decided to get a bottle from the local shop.  Yes, I am a man, and I wear Shalimar...and I like it.  It reminds me of 4711 meets Number Six meets Florida Water.  Good and citrusy, sweet, and just plain nice.  Not getting anything flowery from my wrist, sorry.  But nice, sweet, and relaxing.
positive On first whiff I smelt liquorice and incense which must have been the bergamot! It then fades into a powdery sweet vanilla. The iris in it is lovely. It's very sexy and feminine, definitely not a day perfume. 
positive Skin but better. The scent my son used to spray on his pillow when I was on nights to make him feel safe. Again  Basenotes reminds me to add an old favourite to my wardrobe
positive The first whiff on my skin made me think Old Library Books, not really enticing or sexy, but curious enough.
After thirty minutes, the top notes wore off, which were not fresh, but the opposite of fresh, the fragrance remaining was pleasantly strange, unusual and really authentic, like it was part of me.  The heart and base notes were mingling and lasting for several hours, four or five, and they were fascinating and mysterious, not so bright. Comfortable shadowy scent.  Something a bit rare and excellent here.  
positive I got a sample of this from Escentual, and have given myself a hefty dose. I'm not a fan of bergamot, something I've only discovered since joining Basenotes, and luckily, that note disappeared fairly quickly, although it was not as unpleasant as some I've encountered. I would love to have smelled the original formulation way back in the mists of time, however I'm content enough with the current blend, and not suffering any of that angst, so many Basenoters feel about the reformulations of fragrances. (I do however have a particular angry feeling about Lanvin's Arpege i got in the 80's and the reformulated article somewhere around 2006)

I'm breathing in a powdery aroma, and having read some of the reviews, people seem to associate powdery with old ladies, whereas i associate it with babies and youth. It doesn't seem at all "old People home" to me, and its uplifting for me,  in the powdery stage. The sillage of this one, seems to carry the powdery notes, and i expect people will smell that around me, until i shove my neck rudely in their faces, and demand they comment on this new scent I'm trying.

But where i love it most, is the nose-to-skin smell where i get an animalistic emanation, and the iris and opopanax are readily apparent, someone also mentioned an incense-y kind of aura, and I'm feeling that as well. Now, also the vanilla is waving hello to me, shyly, coyly popping its sweet little head up and saying "Hey, I'm here too!!"

 I never tried it before because the name puts me off, i don't like it at all, however, contempt prior to investigation has deprived me of something i may well choose to be my signature fragrance. I am actually going up to my mother's house to "appropriate" one of her 2 bottles of this. 

It's lovely, and i shalll be resting my nose somewhere down my cleavage, with eyes closed, breathing in this classic fragrance whilst watching Tv tonight. Thanks Guerlain
positive Just incredible. I'm wearing it right now.

The Shalimar ad says it so well in the tag line,  "As close to forever as a perfume can go." 

The classic amber, complete with a colorful lineage.

Everyone should do themselves a favor and  at least sample it.
positive   I'm beginning to learn that many perfumes come out smelling somewhat different on me depending on where I spray them (seriously.) When I apply this fragrance to my wrist, at first all I get is the really strong animal musk/civet smell, which I find almost a bit too much to deal with. When I apply it farther up my arm it's all lovely, soft powdery notes which are really nice and pleasant. Now that the fragrance is drying down a bit on my wrist though, I'm finding that it's turning mostly into vanilla and soft, sweet powdery notes too. I'm not sure if what I'm trying is the original or a reformulation. I suspect it's probably a modern reformulation because the sample didn't cost very much, and it smells too much like a vanilla fragrance to be the original (I think.) 
  The fragrance just changed on me again, and now I'm getting a strong impression of incense. 
  Shalimar is a really nice, unique fragrance and I definitely like it and would recommend it highly, but I doubt I would wear it very often. It's a scent that definitely comes across as a sexy evening fragrance to me. I think it might be a bit much for everyday wear. Definitely a great classic perfume though!
positive After all tese magnificent reviews, I was wondering if i should write something. Well...here...about perfume of all time. Most perfume created by real nose, remains as perfume for all times. I thik that, perfumery industry turned to FMCG as well by intoducing serials of new parfumes with new molecules and formulas and no real concept or idea, but the tought of earning. Perfumes were always art, so I am wondering why they were turned to this? Perfumes are sensed by the eldest part of the brain: rhinencephalon and only truly freeminded  and sensitive people can develop good composition.
I am sorry for this huge intoduction, but I wanted to express my opinion on the difference of the "old" perfumists who was creating their perfumes with heart and soul, and new trendy FMCG perfumes.
My flirt with this perfume dates back to 1995. I tried it again, but unfortunately during the summer, when some strange notes developed on my skin. Fortunately, I had a decant with me and tried it again. What to say...perfection made back in 1925.
It opens with lovely citrus notes wich represent the intoduction  to the most beautiful powder I ever sensed. Everything is perfectly done with right measure: sweetnes, citruses, woody and balsamic notes.
It would be nice if manufacturers does not forget that perfumes are like painting,  like music, that someone have to give to them their soul...othewise they would fall into oblivion.
Shalimar has heart and soul, which provided it with eternety in the perfumery world.
positive Love at second sniff - the first was, "Yargh! Old lady!", but wait....try it again....heaven. Smoky, vanillic, a spicy concoction that wafts about the wearer's being like a haunting mist that shifts and blends with the body's chemistry to create something altogether personal. Genius blending and, to me, pure alchemy. Beautiful.
positive Every word alfarom used to describe this is spot on. I am realllly trying to love it, but I get the same animalic note that I get in fragrances using the word civet. Now, I am a total newbie to fragrances of this magnitude and started my niche collection about two days ago, but it seems that all I am getting is that civet smell. My wrist literally is emitting wet animal derriere.  Because I understand that these things take time and this is only my first wrist spritz, I am gonna at least wait to finish the generous sample given to me by my local sephora, but I hope and pray that it morphs into something more pleasurable because like I said I really want this one to work...it's a LEGEND!!! So, I am giving it a thumbs up in honor of it's legacy, and because all of those other thumbs up's cannot be wrong ( whether it works for me or not ). I will just have to wait and see and post an update.
positive We can easily say that the house of Guerlain is french perfumery personified and, possibly, Shalimar is among its most successful and legendary creations. If you  smell it for the first time you immediatley notice its outstanding quality and complexity. Wether you'll like it or not this is, by any means, an outstanding fragrance and one of those perfumes you encounter every once in a 100 years.

An huge amber/vanilla driven composition that is particularly remarkable for its kaleidoscopic aspects. Animalic and smoky, oriental and penetrating, delightfully sweet, mysterious, intriguing....simply immense.

If you happen to wonder if "objectivity" is appliable to perfumes you should try Shalimar as it's one of the most successfull examples of how a good fragrance can go beyond genres and even personal taste.
positive We all have our classics that are nothing like we remember from back in the day.  ('I used to wear [insert classic] until they RUINED it!)  I tend to get more wistful than angry over this (Odalisque.)  But just as I've sat to write about Shalimar I've found another reaction, which is to notice and then not particularly to care.  I'm on a plane right now and passing through duty-free earlier spotted Chanel Antaeus, my first fragrance, my only signature fragrance, the one I wore exclusively in my junior and senior years of high school (81-82) and then intermittently for years.  My first thought on sniffing it was 'this is quite literally nothing like what I used to wear.'  My next thought was, 'Oh, look!  They've got  No 19 EDP!' and I went and spritzed.  

The upside of digital perfume communities is the sharing of experiences.  I have learned so much reading Basenotes reviews and threads---had more laughs, more ah ha! moments than I can count.  The downside, though, is that a perfume hobby seems to engender a nostalgia/anger about how things used to be.  There's that sense that contemporary perfumery has taken something intrinsic away from us.  Our response is often a fetish for distinction and provenance, and of course the ensuing butt-sniffing and pack hierarchy.  You know: 'I'm sure you THINK you love your current Mitsouko EDT, but you'll never truly know her until you've smelled my 1967 extrait.'  I'm as guilty as the next person.  

But Shalimar unexpectedly elicits in me an attitude I've tried to foster.  Things do change.  But I just love perfume and find immense joy in it.  Call me common, call me simple, but I currently wear the most recent Shalimar EDT and love it.  It just makes me tail-waggingly happy to smell it.  Citrus, growl, smoke, scratchy amber & vanilla, opopanax, a sly incense.  I'm sure it's not the parfum from 1925, but then again I'm not a 20s flapper.  How wonderful that that era had its Shalimar.  But they didn't have our Bois de Violette, my Insense, my Secretions Magnifiques.  This is no pollyanna desperate optimism, no deflection of resentment.  We live in a spectacular era of perfume.  

My 2010 Shalimar tells me to screw the iconography and embrace the perfume.  It also makes me imagine the fun of watching the apoplexy of the current generation of young perfumistas going as shrill as we have over the resctrictions on our beloved oakmoss.  Imagine the heel-clacking and outrage among the Angel set when ethylmaltol, identified as the causative agent in the future medical diagnosis of Acquired Intolerance Syndrome, is outlawed.  
positive Shalimar has taken me on a very strange journey which I hated at first because its scent was so alien to me that I did not know what to make of it. It reminded me of an antique powder puff left behind by some silver screen diva.

I persisted  with the ODP because, despite my initial reaction, I had also detected something totally irresistible and unique, which set it  aside from every other perfume I have worn.

Shalimar was created at a time where scents where elitist, assertive and owned by few; it is so removed from the 21st century that wearing is like immersing your self in to a time between the wars where everything seemed possible.

Like all masterpieces, you will not get it straight away and you will have persevere and open your mind to it. But once you do Shalimar becomes a magnificent addiction.
positive It is not difficult to see why Shalimar has stood the test of time.

Shalimar is still unique after all these years. Such a beautifully done fragrance, composed with careful consideration and oozing sophistication and elegance.

This fragrance is a warm, smokey and slightly spicy vanilla scent, with all the right qualities to make this sensual fragrance irresistible. 

The opening is a wonderfully obscure citrus blend complimented by cedar. This combination surprisingly works. The top notes are strong but not overly so.

The heart of this fragrance is where the magic begins. On my skin I get a warm, somewhat leathery and spicy blend of floral notes. At first this scent reminded me of calamine lotion. Thank goodness that I like that medicinal type smell. Later I got something that smelt like a mixture of cigar smoke, powdery incense and fragrant woods.

I love that Shalimar continues to change and surprise me. I love that this fragrance is so unpredictable. Guerlain has certainly outdone themselves with this masterpiece.


positive Pillar of classicism and one of the most refined, luxuriant, elusive and sophisticated fragrances of all time. Smooth, at opening luxuriously hesperidic, barely tobacco veined and talky this is the fragrance that inspired the creation of the earthy decadent Habit Rouge, yet the "Shalimar au masculin". The extreme sophistication of the juice is enhanced by its floral heart "populated" by the most sumptuous flowers as jasmine, rose and iris in order to enrich the balsams of the base after a first citrusy voluptuous traditional blast. Rose and iris are prominent and the first of two is linked to talky elements in order to provide a touch of ethereal delicacy while the further floral patterns are more pungent and angular in order to "complicate" the shadowy wake on the side of a detectable note of classic patchouli . The citrus are almost aggressive at the beginning as well as those are strong in Habit Rouge and the link with the bunch of flowers and patchouli produces an extremely elegant, classic, aristocratic and bold impact. The opoponax presence in the middle helps to understate soon the initial harsh impact of citrus in order to prepare a gradual transition towards the resinous final smootness. Some time later the angular citrus and floral elements start infact to drown in a sink of resins and balsams as vanilla, Perù balsams and gray amber that remain all dry and powdery being just at the beginning of the development barely resinous. A touch of flavoured mildness is introduced by tonka in the way that the base exudes nuances of aromatic tobacco. The dry down is anyway warm, enveloping and luxurious with its talky "smokey" mildness, ambery sandalwood and a sort of leathery suede. Shalimar is still nowadays a great choice for the lovers of sumptuous effluviums managing to teleport them in a world of mystic exoticism, sultanates, harems and esotericism.
positive What can I add to the accolades strewn like wreaths of the finest blossoms at the feet of Shalimar?  My two cents, of course!
If Chanel No. 5 is the Queen of Perfumes, then Shalimar is the empress.  No. 5 is a masterpiece of modern aldehydes.  Shalimar is a masterpiece of nature's flowers.  Funny that they appeared at almost the same time, because they couldn't be more polar of opposites.  Shalimar captures the very essence not only of flowers, but of perfumerie itself.  If a perfume is meant as more than a means to end (smelling better)--that is, as a fantasy...a catalyst for dreams--then Shalimar takes the crown. I know it's an oriental; perhaps the first.  However, to me, Shalimar is the quintessence of floral. The only flower I see listed in the pyramid is iris, but surely there are more in this garden.  The experience of Shalimar is the experience of a child smelling a flower for the first time.  Overwhelmed and entranced for life.  The Shalimar I'm talking about here is the original perfume.  I get the feeling today's Shalimar is not what it once was...
How I remember my mother going out for a formal occasion, in a ball gown(!), suffused with Shalimar her special perfume from that magic bottle ( the one with the violet stopper), coming in to kiss us goodnight.  Talk about magical!
positive Absolutely sensational, classic fragrance and without any shadow of a doubt, one of the most complex creations in all perfumery. Evolves dramatically on the skin morphing from one contrasting colour to another in bewildering, virtuoso style.

negative One of the ugliest, most pervasive scents known to man, next to cat pee.

The staying power is, of course, excellent.
negative I dont quite like it. I blind-bought it because it was oh-so praised here on basenotes. That was a mistake. It  smells pretty much like joss sticks and reminds me of red-light-establishements (thou ive never been in one :). As KatiePuckrikSmells stated in her YouTube-Review the smell was considered "a perfume with a bad reputation" and that "there are three things a "Lady" never did [..], wear shalimar", this is pretty much spot on. Its not western-classy but oriental-brothelesque.. thumbs down.

neutral i have the reformulated version from 2011....and must say its a big dissapointment...
 but on the original parfume i can say its the best idea behind any female parfume, combination of citrusy-bergamot and vanilla-amber, incense notes....all the best i like, so feminine and powdery and so special, creme brulle :), and not so many parfumes that play with simmilar notes
thats what i want and thats what its worth having, but not when they put reformulations and think people who buy shalimar wont notice it? ...becasue if it smelled like this before i am sure it would not be such a popular scent, this 2011 version  resembles too much to dior homme, its more of a hay and less of smoky creme brulle. but ok will survive it :)

EDIT:i could not survive it so i sold it and managed to buy EDT vintage, it smells like real icon now! its not so sharp, offensive, citrus layed over hay, but its cremme brulle, i finally get the vanilla!! which i could not findin new EDP,  its like hearing a song from the mouth of a man and a robot, this is the difference for me between vintage and modern perfume, they want to speak the same words but cant reach my heart, amazing experience for me to see how these things do matter!! and reformulations are bad thing!
neutral First try with this, strong oriental vibe, loved the bergamot but it faded quickly. Liked the scent overall. I totally missed the iris, but my husband thought it smelled like "baby powder". Interesting spicy tone in a nice soft vanilla base. 

I will try this one again, but kind of disappointed so far.

***Update 10/15/11***
Maybe my first trial was a stale sample, this time is much nicer! Now I pick up the iris notes as well, that's part of the powder I think. Husband likes it better this time, too.

***Update 09/25/16***
Not in love. At all. The first hour or two is interesting, then it dissolves into sugary-powder. It seriously smells like candy on my skin. Lasts all day, too. I think I'll be swapping this one...

neutral Shalimar has always confused me.  Two women I knew in the 1970's wore it, and it smelled quite different on each, so I never could find it's identity.  Last year i purchased a brand new bottle and sprayed it on.  The top notes were lovely, but the drydown was pure coumarin or some coumarin substitute.  Sadly, coumarin becomes quite bitter and uncomfortable on my skin but lasts forever.  I tried it a few more times with the same results.  Shalimar was moved to the back of the cabinet.
Two months ago I found a mystery bottle of Guerlain for sale.  It had no label but was the familiar round bottle with the crystal stopper and was quite affordable.  I snatched it up and dabbed it on.  The top notes had gone off but what followed was heavenly.  I guessed that it might have been Shalimar, but with no label it was merely guessing. Whatever it was, it was so different from the current Shalimar.
Today I received another bottle (round bottle w/ crystal stopper) off the internet, this one with a label.  Definitely Shalimar.  I dabbed both bottles on my wrists, and they are identical and wonderful.  Full, rich and delicious.  Totally Guerlain.
So.  How do I rate this perfume that smells so amazing in it's vintage incarnation and so painful in it's current state?  I'm afraid it will have to be neutral for now.
positive I first tried Kenzo Flower at Sephora over ten years ago when I was just starting to become seriously interested in perfume. I actually recoiled a bit because of how powdery it was. Now, I love soft powdery scents, thought back to my experience with Kenzo Flower over ten years ago, and sought it out. It can currently be found at discounters for a very reasonable price, is still available in 30ml, and who knows when it may be discontinued? It is 20 years old now, after all. 

To me Flower is the quintessential baby powder scent. I get mostly powder and little else. No florals, little musk. Not too sweet. It's not a complicated scent, but it's a nice comfort scent on colder days.  

EDIT: After several wearings, Flower seems to be a bit of a chameleon. Some days it smells soft and powdery, other days it smells more 'fresh and clean'. This adds to its complexity makes it more interesting. 
positive Opens with a slight melony note(calone given the release date?) and that lipstick smell that sometimes happens with rose/violet perfumes and a bit of a  synthetic buzz. It's strange on first try, but its also kind of strange and fun, especially the more wears you give it. Drys down into a lovely powdery rose scent over vanilla and white musk, which really comes in and rounds out the opening. The vanilla never gets cloying or bakery smelling though, and the white musk never gets sharp or too laundry-esque. It smells nice and clean and clear powdery and violet-y. Very nicely done in a very cool bottle. Perfect for spring.
positive Tons of violet on top; happy little, powdery violets.  Rose shines through a moment later.  Buzzy sweetness on top overall.  Lovely!

The middle and base seem to be as one entity, one blend.  There is a muted resinous, balsamic layer intermingled with a creamy musk.  There is an aldehyde, hazy blend thrown in here.  I'm going to guess it's the "chemical notes" listed for the base.  The violets stick around, dancing around the whole time.
positive A very good and nice soapy floral that performs well. Then, it’s nothing special for me. 
positive When I first spray this on, it appears very strong and very sweet, which if the longevity were stronger, would make it synthetic, sickly and overwhelming. Happily, it falls quickly to a pleasant soft, musky rose.  
positive I find the opening a bit sharp. A lot of violet emerges out while the rose gives a soft touch. At the drydown the vanilla smoothens it into a comforting body scent. I find it indeed very powdery. And I detected some incense-like notes that tickle the nose and constantly reboost up the soft floral and vanilla, very interesting. The sillage is quite good and the longevity is around 7h on me. 

I personally think the bottle is an excellent visual interpretation for the fragrance. It's floral, sensual, and incredibly clean. I especially love it in spring and autumn. I don't think it's a very seductive fragrance, otherwise it can fit numerous occasions with different amount of application. It's not bold, but still very distinctive. It surely has its uniqueness in the floral categories.

Originally written in 2013.
positive FlowerbyKenzo is condense of florals, fresh musk, resins and almondy vanilla. Joyful, radiant and spacious on my skin. Absolutely not cloying, I'd say exactly the antithesis of whichever form of olfactive sultry oppressiveness. While bulgarian rose (initially crisp and earthy) is heady in the fresh opening (a yet vanillic fresh and humid opening) violet and lily of the valley come out along the freshly powdery almondy dry down. Rose is yet present along the bottom, finally soapy and musky. The "denser" (more resinous) part is the central one, opening is crisp, rooty-herbal (yet sweet vanillic) and freshly floral while dry down is musky-powdery with a tinge of creamy resinous. This is not a masterwork but surely I catch on my skin a more than pleasant semi-oriental with a spark of floral-chypre classic sophistication (anyway supported by a modern musky touch of girlish glamour-chic). I detect a sort of sexy girlish floral acidity which is evocative of that hellish "young woman's sweat mixed with creamy armpits' deodorant". Appalling bottle. 
positive Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, no doubt. Kenzo's Flower is an homage to one of the fragrance world's great classics, and possibly the world's first gourmand - Caron's 1941 Royal Bain de Champagne.

RBC was the first scent I encountered upon moving to New York City. A young man I met on Brooklyn Heights' promenade floated in a cloud of melony vanilla amber, and this was the Caron, which immediately became my signature scent - this was in the early 1970s.

As Turin and Sanchez point out in their Perfume Guide, Kenzo's Flower attempts to recreate Caron's masterpiece. It begins quite similarly with honeydew melon and marshmallow, floating over vanilla and amber. However, Flower is greener than the Caron and inside of 15 minutes, has settled down to a pleasant reedy artemesia-like wood scent.  Whereas with the Caron, the melon, amber and vanilla never let up.

A nice alternative, but I'd advise to stick with the original, which is so affordable, it eclipses the Kenzo as an economical investment.
positive Salutation.

FLOWER BY KENZO is an Great fragrance that Invite to Love. It is The brainchild a Genius Like ALBERTO MORILLAS. It is Asia Prestige in The Perfume World too. I was really Pleasantly Surprised when I first smelled this perfume a few Years ago. Subtle,Clean, Natural,Romantic, Sophisticated,Fantasy,Oriental and Feminine.

A hint of Freshness by Black Currant Open the Scene for the Romance of Rose and the Intimacy of Violet in the heart While the base gains Sensuous from Musk and Vanilla.This Perfect blend is Utterly LOVELY,Feminine yet Clean,Soft and Not Heavy scent that lasts for a Long time without Overwhelming.

It is a Delightful Ladylike fragrance and Makes You Feel Like It is a part of Your Personality. The Scent is Light Enough for day wear and very Lovely for Evening Especially with jeans and when You dress up for a ROMANTIC Dinner or a Garden Party in SPRINGTIME. If You are Looking for a Tender Floral scent This one is a Wonderful choice but Test it first before Buying!

Sillage?Very Good.

Longevity?+6 hours on my skin.

7.25/10 
positive Why review Flower when it was released 15 years ago? It's been a bestseller for ages, has been the subject of many flankers and is a successful crossover in Japan. Everybody knows what Flower smells like...

Kenzo asked for a perfume that smells like poppy - a scentless flower. Pretentious folly or inspiration? It gives the perfumer rare creative licence  - and in response to this zen brief Alberto Morillas came up with a white floral bouquet.

A note pyramid for Flower is:
Lychee supported by ginger and mandarin, violet
Rose, with camelia and mimosa,
Frankincense, white musks, patchouli and amber.

Another way to describe Flower is; sweet, abstract flowers with hard black undertones on a basket of laundry musks.

Synthetic odourants are carefully selected to create approximations of rose, violet, hawthorn and Cassie; quoted from another pyramid. Rather than creating each flower and then merging them, molecules common to more than one flower bridge the gaps. This is economic use of materials as only the most essential components of each flower are represented. Close smelling reveals the limitations of this approach though and it's only partly successful. The texture wears a bit coarsely and the flowers do not smell realistic.

With this reliance on synthetics, Flower lacks finesse and roundness. The only natural materials being opopanax, incense and patchouli, and maybe a minute amount of Rosa centifolia, the high percentage of synthetics gives the perfume an artificial quality. This is not necessarily a bad thing; the plasticy feel of Flower makes it distinct from a more traditional formula.

Flower bears the hallmarks of its time (2000) with a watery-fruit note in the head, but in this case it's lychee rather than melon. Its linear core is built from long lasting materials.

As the intense sweetness of the opening declines, dry lemony accents of incense emerge. These give contrast and prevent Flower from becoming a sweet bomb.

Certain key notes have allowed Flower to become a successful crossover in Japan. The lychee in the opening flourish, supported by ginger - common in south east Asian cuisine, and mandarin, create a hook for the oriental consumer. Rose and jasmin have universal appeal and, and incense also has cultural resonance for the Japanese.

Anaïs Anaïs (1978) and Flower are very similar white floral bouquets, but where Anaïs' soapy bathroom accord of lily and hyacinth feels innocent, Flower is harder and less permissive. Its undertone of incense and patchouli announces in a low but firm voice that the pastel, soft focus reveries of the seventies are over. Kenzo's twenty first century interpretation is a plasticy, confident abstract composition. The white floral has moved from being the virginal symbol of early adolescence to a strategy marketed at young women in the postmodern world.

Flowers' continued production has been due to the cheapness of its formula, and is now thanks to its potential to penetrate the enormous and untapped market in China.

The succession of Flower flankers demonstrates the solidity of its formula, which continues to serve as a foundation for new ornamentation.

Flower (like Anaïs Anaïs) has the lasting appeal of a distinctive perfume that transcends the whims of fashion.
It has endured to become a classic.
positive Flower Eau de Parfum opens on a brisk green floral accord that’s at once smooth and refreshing. Violet leaf and violet blossom soon separate themselves from the blend, while suggestions of muguet (lily-of-the-valley) and acacia fill out the dewy spring bouquet. Just a little less roundness, a little less blending of notes, and Flower would smell like air freshener. It’s all squeaky clean – maybe even a little bit clinical – but absent the melon-aquatic notes (over)used in so many of today’s bright florals, the composition manages to keep on the right side of cheap-smelling. 

Flower’s foundation consists mostly of soapy white musk and soft woods. Because the base notes are not sweet, the scent maintains its crystalline clarity right through to the end. I would describe both its sillage and projection from the skin as moderate, and once its central floral bouquet is assembled, it remains stable for at least four hours before beginning its collapse into drydown. Flower is an easy-wearing, happy scent that manages to feel fresh while avoiding modern fresh-floral clichés. I think of it as a space age Diorissimo: equally limpid, luminous, and vernal, but tricked out in a shiny new metallic finish. I like it.

positive I like this, but I do find it wears off quickly almost like a deodorant. Need to top it up during the day.
positive An aldehydic, musky floral typically has an implicit sweetness.  An interesting perfume will play against type and either downplay or compensate for the sweetness.  Flower learned compensation and a sort of misdirection from White Linen, which it smells like, and Tommy girl, with which it shares a conceptual similarity.  

White Linen’s trick is to redirect the composition’s sweetness with a peppery rose that doesn’t so much diminish the sweetness as steer it toward sweet/tart.  From Tommy Girl, Flower learns the lesson of astringency.  Sour, as opposed to bitter, is a hard effect to pull off in perfumery.  In Flower, the sweet, powdery melon-like tone is highlighted by a slightly vinegary note just as actual melon would be by a splash of lemon juice.

positive After years, I finally tried this for the first time.  I used to pass it up, saying, "I don't like florals."  Ha ha.  The joke is on me.  This is PLASTIC FLOWERS.  It is totally weird.  I give it high marks for originality.  I probably won't buy it and wear it, but it sure is fun.  This smells like a bouquet of children's toy flowers scented with powder.  The entire scent is sweet plastic and powder.  This is amazing.  I keep smelling it, through the air, for hours and hours.  There's a bit of ivy or some strange greenness.  The rest is pure fantasy.  Wow.
positive I don't find it odd that so many people have given Flower by Kenzo a negative rating. I know that the sort of powdery, springtime-sugar-flower scents that I love are most definitely not for everyone and that a lot of people dislike such sweet perfumes. 

Maybe it's simply my body chemistry and the way that it develops on me, however, but I don't find it at all insipid like others say, nor out of balance - baby powder is not what it smells like on me. In fact, on me it smells a little darker and more mysterious than many other perfumes I own; it isn't by any means the scent of a femme fatale, but it's not without its charms; and besides, I am not a femme fatale! 
It's reminiscent of a warm, lonely early summer's twilight in a flower garden - soft, sweet and a little sleepy, slightly nostalgic; a last hour's rays of pink-toned sunset on a rose-twined wooden table while faint blue shadows cling to the edges. It's the sort of scent that you could wear just as well in a floral dress, crochet gloves and a boater hat as in an antique mourning dress and veil.

It is a very feminine perfume, on the other hand: not obnoxiously sweet but definitely a "pretty" scent, so it's unlikely to suit everyone's taste. I also agree that it isn't a stunningly unique or strong-willed scent - it's floaty and easy to wear, a lovely scent for a sunny day at a teahouse rather than the signature scent of a diva. Neither is it an intensely grown-up sex-bomb sort of perfume. Still, the lack of strong musky scents is a welcome relief for me and anyone else on whom musks turn unpleasant very quickly. 

My only personal complaint is that it doesn't have particularly good sticking power. I put a drop on my wrists and throat today, and while this morning I was smelling distinctly flowery on the bus it's now mid-evening and it's about as strong as if I were wearing floral talcum powder (although my wrist does smell delightfully like a wild rose bush now). 

Other than that, it's a light, innocent, simple scent wonderful for the spring and summer for any lady (or gentleman for that matter) who likes to feel sweet and elegant. I'd say it's an 8.5/10 for me.

negative its too acidic for me, somehow reminding me of sugardrenched poppycake with a spritz of some bathroom- cleanser.
negative I found Flower by Kenzo to be very sweet and one dimensional. In five minutes, all I got was cheap vanilla. It might, however, be good for a young lady of perhaps 12.

negative Cloying, sweet, nondescript powder. The smell is the polar opposite of the elegant, spare packaging. And red? Red isn't the color I think of for this. There's no passion or brightness in this mix. It's more like melted, rainbow colored sherbet mixing with leftover sheet cake.
negative The opening is all cutie pies and femmey bliss through the wacky/folky Kenzo fashion filter that makes those qualities into an art. The drydown creeps in with a hazy suggestion of freshly turned shrimp cocktail. Opoponax (balsamic and animalic smelling resin), hawthorn (ultra sweet and sharp), and black currant (the cat pee note) are notes that easily read as bodily and profane. Mixed into a modern take on Royal Bain de Caron like Flower, funeralic associations emerge: cheap bouquets and fetid bodies. Also there are ketones given off right before death, and this musk smacks of that scent to me. 

A very morbid review, I realize, and if Flower sustains the pleasure of its opening notes for you and skips out on the heavily disturbing drydown, you're luckier than I was. A perfume that means to be creepy and does it with grace I can take, but this sort of unintentional lipstick on the teeth scenario made for several queasy wearings before Flower was banish'ed. Though I like many scents generally disliked by most people, this one is beyond reprieve: could be summed up as soiled diaper and a rare true case of dead ringer baby powder. But like someone with a flower in place of a brain, I'll probably give this one another try at some point and report back once the extant repeat trauma has faded from memory. It's at least iconic?
negative On first spraying this, my thought was "Springtime!" but within seconds it morphed into a cloying, green-melon-shampoo smell on me. l couldn't pick out any floral notes, & certainly no opoponax; nothing remotely oriental here. Within the hour, all l could smell on my skin was sugar water. This stage lasted for another 3 hours before it disappeared. l'm not sure who this fragrance is aimed at, but l'd say very young girls might love it. l don't.
negative I found this composition to be very off balance.  The basenotes are musky and sweet, woodsy even but sort of impersonally generic due to their overly synthetic nature.  It's not bad it's just awkward.  Actually the dry down is probably my favorite part of this fragrance because the cold violet and rose mushiness is not taking over.  Overall, this made me feel frigid.

neutral The opening has a strong lipstick note. After that, powdery violets. Pretty enough, but not for me.
neutral The floral opening is pleasantly floral, rose-centred, with a frankly disappointing hawthorn -  compared to the benchmark Aubepine Acacia. In the drydown I get a good opopanax impression, and the base might be nicely fresh, but it is quite generic on my skin.
I get moderate sillage, good projection and four hours if longevity.
The flower in the bottle is kind of cute.

neutral I have it on today. And it smells so similar to Burberry Body because of the Bulgarian Rose. Wears off with vanilla scent.
neutral There's no doubt that FbK is a perfume to which people are seldom indifferent. It has a smell of quality, it's penetrating and powerful in its unnuanced sweetness. I don't experience it transforming over time at all, as others seem to. On me, it's signally reluctant to do anything but fade a bit. If I didn't wash, it'd hang on, getting stale, but still resolutely, recognisably itself.
I've had it and worn it, on and off, for several years, the same bottle. At first, I was enchanted by what I took to be its splendid girly innocence. I guess what's happened is: I find its lack of development over time, its insistent shout of sweetness just plain tiring. One can weary of the best perfume, but this one seems designed in a wearisome way. Any charm offensive can fail, it falls apart into charm... and offensive...
Someone mentioned Baudrillard and the idea of a simulacrum - something which is an imitation of something else that doesn't actually exist. What a wonderful insight - and about the art of modern perfumery in general too; modern perfumes being mostly made of aromachemicals. Yes, it's nothing less than Art. 
Anyway, to get back to FbK, shallow is shallow is shallow. In FbK, the map has indeed become the territory. FbK goes nowhere slowly and is, perhaps, the appropriate scent for my last day. When I leave a wish-list of garments and so on for my body to be clad in, I'll ask to be perfumed with FbK. I won't be able to smell it and I'll be beyond weariness.
neutral 
It's been a while since I first reviewed Kenzo FLOWER, my memory of which is best summed up as : vanilla baby powder. I fortuitously received a fresh sample in the mail just this week, and as I am attempting to understand Caron ROYAL BAIN DE CHAMPAGNE, it seems an opportune time to take up FLOWER again.

The opening of FLOWER holds lots of promise for this lover of violets—whether from Parma or elsewhere! Upon initially dabbing the fragrance all over my arms and décolleté today, I began to wonder whether my “vanilla baby powder” memory of FLOWER was really all wrong. Had I reviewed the perfume on a humid day, or irresponsibly allowed my blood caffeine content to dip to a dangerous low before brandishing my pen? Who knows? In those opening minutes, just enough time, coincidentally enough, to make the big sell at counters all over the world, this perfume seems like some sort of dream come true, a rich floriental with seductive appeal, clearly comprising top-notch notes which wax and wane in a lilting, lyrical way.

Alas, the drydown commences shortly thereafter, during which everything flattens out and begins to smell progressively more synthetic until, at last, I recall why my memory of FLOWER as “vanilla baby powder” was right all along. Certainly not a bad perfume, but rather blunt and banal in the final analysis, when all is said and sniffed. Rather like a marriage which may endure for years in a stagnant state after an initially exciting but short-lived romance.

Would poppies smell like vanilla baby powder, if they had a scent? Sure, why not? (if pigs could fly)

neutral  I think MISSSPRING's review really hit the nail on the head.  She wrote:

"If Flower by Kenzo were a blind date, the evening would evolve like this:
He arrives and is better looking than you'd hoped, he has sex appeal and he is so incredibly charming. At the beginning of the date you are in heaven. Then he quickly starts to lose his allure and you begin to feel let down. "Is it me?" you wonder, as you are still hopeful. But after a short while, you find him definitely dull and even slightly annoying. "

When I first put this on I really liked it -- almost as I do my beloved Shalimar.  And then it turned to powder - nothing but poweder - and it won't go away.

This is definitely not for me.

neutral There's nothing I can add to the reviews of this fragrance. It's a powdered spring sweet violet and mixed floral. It keeps you and the mood at that level, and doesn't seem to go 'deep'. So it has it's place, and works as a loudly quiet innocent seeming floral, powdered and light. A nighttime or sultry fragrance it is not, and doesn't need to be. I don't hate or love it - I can see wearing it in mixed social situations, church, etc. That being said, as with all fragrances with sillage and powder, this is best worn very lightly, as it will easily cross that line of intruding on another's space. It is also slightly sneezy, and that must be kept in mind when using it around crowds. If used with restraint, this exhibits the sweet innocent powderedness of a lingerie drawer. If not used with restraint, the insincere sweetness of an ambitious southern belle running for beauty queen.
neutral When you first smell Flower by Kenzo you will most likely recognize the scent as something that you're familiar with because you have at least known one person that wears this fragrance.

This perfume is quite distinctive. It's not an overly unique or ground-breaking scent, rather it is a safe clean-smelling, powdery floral.

I'll be honest and say that I hated this fragrance when I first sprayed it. It was strong, bitter and not at all flowery and sweet like I'd imagined it to be. 

It took some time for those top notes to disappear, but when they eventually did, I came to like this scent a little better. The violets are surprisingly the strongest and most dominant note throughout this composition, however they are powdery and slightly synthetic.

Overall, I don't mind the freshness and subtlety that Flower by Kenzo creates, but I'm really not crazy about this scent. To me it's just a common soapy/clean fragrance that hasn't pushed too many boundaries.


neutral Here are the notes listed on the sample card: Bulgarian rose, Parma violet, Amber, White Musk, Vanilla, Almond.
This starts like a big scoop of vanilla ice cream.  It is very sweet.  The florals are nice but they are all jammed together -- very dense.  Powdery dry-down.  I'm neutral on it (rather than negative) because it seems pleasant, not synthetic.  Once the sweetness burns off, a pretty nice rose note appears, with the white musk.  The scent is just too sweet and "girly" to appeal to me.  
positive Its a  good fragrance but easy to get sick of it
positive I really love this, whenever I wear this scent, I receive a lot of compliments.
Stays the whole day.
positive This has to be one of my favorites.  It's sweet, but a sort of dark sweet.  The scent reminds me of "happy."  This fragrance makes me feel like a women and always has others walk by slowly to really take in the sexy sweetness.  I went through a 3.4oz bottle in one year.  Just awesome!
positive This smells powdery, and doesn't wear off....I'm not a fan, I don't like smelling like a baby. A friend gave me a small little bottle of it....and I haven't made a dent in it.
positive So my boyfriend and I have this rule...we each have our night out with the boys/girls.  We don't ask and don't tell what REALLY happened on those nights because we trust eachother and love eachother, and for us it's like that "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas" slogan kind of thing.It just so happens that my friends are wild and dragged me across the border to Tijuana for a day of fun in the sun, gambling, drinking, dancing, and laughing.  I came across this fragrance in the duty free store as my girlfriends and I were crossing the border to come back home.  I had a wicked licentious smile on my face and some gambling money burning a hole in my pocket, so I stopped in for another huge bottle of Patron tequila when FLOWER caught my eye.  I tested it on my wrist and walked around looking for my liquor.  I couldn't resist smelling my wrist again and again and again.  I forced my girlfriends to smell it again and again and again and we all agreed that it was gorgeously innocent; the PERFECT date perfume.  Not the perfume of the "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas" woman I was that particular moment as I was searching for that liquor and trying to outrun a hangover, but the woman I'd be when I got home, and back to my boyfriend;  the vision of feminity and innocence that he fell in love with....I saw him the next day at church.  I was wearing my new FLOWER perfume, and a super girly baby pink silk Betsey Johnson dress with Kate Spade heels.  He said, "Oh My God, you smell GOOD - did you have fun with your friends?" and with the sweetest, most innocent smile and blink of my lashes I simply said, "yes"That is this perfume.  It's innocence, it's feminine, it's how a man wants a woman to smell.  It's his vision of you at your best, most feminine, simplest form.  It's sexy too, but not "in your face" sexy, but rather, more like a straightforward honest sexiness.  I will always wear this one before a big date with my love!
positive Taliaseki made an interesting assessment while I was searching for a note...dried clover! FlowerbyKenzo boasts a beautiful and feminine rose opening, and a soft one at that. The vanilla/opoponax/musk middle makes this one too powdery for some, but it just wouldn't work the same without it. Then there's that odd 'dried clover' vibe... The rest of its body is as clear as the stem of its bottle. It is mysteriously spacious, as though there's this hollow area inside the scent itself. And despite this apparent lack of body, Flower lasts for hours and hours. I love a good rose scent and this one's so curious I just have to like it. 
positive Kenzo Flower, what an absolute heart stopper.  If she were a woman I would be on one knee and forever in her debt. Im in love. The perfect powdered violet, rose scent that becomes muskier, sexier with time as she allows you to enter her little part of heaven.As your introduced to Kenzo Flower you are struck with sweet black currant, rose and hawthorn and a huge violet note. The black currant doesn't stay for very long but the rose and violet develop down into the heart nicely. These notes are greeted with jasmine and the bittersweet Opoponax, which takes us seamlessly from heart to base. In the base we find vanilla and white musk the jasmine being replaced for hedione (Firmenich tradename, basically a jasmonate). The base melts so close to the skin its heart achingly beautiful. Im almost reduced to tears every time I allow this beauty to dry down into my heart. I wish for her never to leave from this state of grace.Its soft, its powdery, its subtle only showing little nuances over a very long time. Being cautious not to give too much away too soon. Flower embodies modern femininity in my opinion and it has to be up there in my top 5 fragrances. Kenzo flower is one of my comfort blanket fragrances (along with JPG 2). She's a scent to be worn in hot summer days and cold winter mornings for me. This scent was created by Alberto Morillas who has created some of the best selling fragrances of the past 20 or so years and  I have to say this is my favorite from his portfolio.Utter Perfection in a bottle, makes life worth living.
positive Alberto Morilla's interpretation of what the poppy flower would smell like if it were to have a scent, combining the best of rose, jasmine and violet leaf notes to create an illusory floral accord. To my nose FLOWER BY KENZO feels voluptuous, textured with a mild powdery sweetness that draws me into its depth. Not the most enchanting floral I've encountered but certainly one of the most feminine. *** This review is of the EDP ***
positive one of the best female perfumes in production for young ladies.once you smell it on the appropriate skin, you can't stop asking for it.it is so clean, so femini, so nice that you will love it for life.  Smell like sweet flowers, powder but in any way, a very nice female perfume!
positive When this perfume was released I detested it. Far too powdery and overwhelming. However, later my cousin gave me the EDP in a dab on bottle. I avoided it for months, but then discovered that a mere two drops on the nap gave the most wonderously different result. It permeates gently but arousingly. Feminine, playful and uplifting. The powder is still there, which is not usually an element I enjoy, but it is augmented by the rose and violets to bring it out of the matron's water closet.
positive Kenzo Flower Parfum is fantastic.  It is luxurious and lingering.  My fiance is confused about it as he doesn't relly like it but it reminds him of when we first met.  It is quite a bold and lasting scent, perfect for wintertime.  I find myself reaching for it whenever I go to a ball or out for an expensive meal.  I find it sophisticated and memorable.
positive EdT: Horrible, fresh, prickly floral scent. Smells like a dozen others and makes me sneeze.EdP: Heaven sent me a pretty red bottle of warm, syrupy, floral goodness. If you like Fracas and Chinatown type of scents ( floral but with a warm sweet quality in there with depth) you should try this. It´s feminine, sexy but not slutty and comforting. 
positive I have the EDP in the clear glass bottle with the poppy. That was scintillating enough to make me buy the parfum in hte red metal bottle which is divine. I love violets.   I can't see a future without these perfumes, or one of them, in it. Both are more advertourous than Borsari's Violetta di Palma - the EDP more suggestive and playful, the parfum more sultry. 
positive It is one of my favorite women’s perfume. I really like this scent.
positive I like the Le Parfum (red bottle) more than the lesser concentrations. Reminiscent of heliotrope (everlasting flower), the sweet quality of FbK smells like you've spilt the best baby powder next door to the best confectionary bakery. This is one of those sweet fragrances I love to encounter, but would weary of wearing.

negative Less Is more i love the design a single Red flower stem verticly cuting though the clear white bottle.But I Didn't Care for the scent it smell too much like baby power it was to powdery on my skin
negative I'm afraid this fragrance has caused me some cognitive dissonance, and, judging by the responses here, it seems others feel this, too. Strange how such a "LITE" fragrance--that insidious marketing term is somehow more to the point than that respectable word "light"--can inspire such polarized responses as manifested here.But to say "I love this" or "I hate this" without attempting to analyze the issue does not constitute a genuine review, so I'll endeavour to explain. In the first instance, I find it difficult to comprehend that a fragrance of this sort--so airy, so frightfully floral and sweet, so (dare I say it?) "girly-girl"--can possibly be a floral oriental. An oriental that lacks mystery and darkness strikes me as a self-annihilating contradiction in terms. What would be the point of such a fragrance? I wonder if it was somehow supposed to be "cute," but it doesn't quite work out that way, either. And although I warn my students that "I don't get it" is not a very thoughtful response, I still fail to comprehend just what Flower by Kenzo is trying to be or do.FbK, as far as I can tell, is a rather simple linear floral with a little dose of musk and vanilla tossed in to "sex it up" a bit. Even so, "sexy" is not an adjective that comes to my mind when smelling it. I can see that for some it might be a **useful** fragrance; that is, it's not so powerful as to be overwhelming in the workplace, it's not particularly unique, and it doesn't require a larger-than-life personality to pull it off. I think I could tolerate it on others, but I would find it intolerably cloying on myself; but then again, I've never worked in close proximity with someone who wears it, and I can imagine that continued exposure to this sticky violet/rose confection could become quite, quite irritating.But, ultimately, what we have here is simulacrum as Jean Baudrillard would define it: a copy without an original.  FbK is a recreation of the scent of a flower that has no scent, which furthermore has two completely synthetic notes (hedione and cyclosal) as its basenotes.  It is hardly surprising, then, that it smells like nothing in particular.  Baby powder smells quite natural next to this.Having said all this, I find it hard to like any fragrance so devoid of mystery and personality. It seems to me that these two elements are a large part of what makes wearing perfume desirable in the first place. I don't "hate" it, I simply find it too insipid to feel any extreme emotion about it. The truth is, it's one of the most insipid fragrances I've smelled, and I find insipidity harder to deal with than downright obnoxiousness. Given the choice between FbK and Lanvin's in-your-face too-much-can-kill-you Rumeur, I'll gladly take the latter.
negative I tried this fragrance a total of three times hoping to like it but honestly I don't.  All I smell is baby powder and pampers.  This reminds me of my children as babies and it is not what I want to smell like also the smell never fades, it lasted and lasted until the next day. 
negative For me, this smells exactly like baby powder. Not like anything else, just baby powder. It smelled like baby powder when I first put it on 4 hours ago, and at every hesitant sniff ever since, it has continued to smell like baby powder, with maybe a little bit sweeter undertones. Slightly sweet baby powder. Personally, if I wanted to smell like baby powder, I'd rather just buy some baby powder for a buck. But since I hate the smell of baby powder, I won't. Sillage is pretty good, and so is staying power. Lucky me. 
negative Bought this after smelling the beauty of it on someone else. On them it smelled utterly unique and vibrantly floriental. On me, however, it smelled cloying, powdery and sweet - everything I hate in a perfume. I'd give it 2 stars though, on the basis of how beautiful and head-turning it smells on other people. 
negative Received a bottle as a gift.  Whadda waste of effort.  On me it smells like violets and powder.  Didn't do a thing for me.

neutral I thought I lucked out with the opening of FlowerbyKenzo… I smelled an impressive modern floral accord featuring a clear, minimalist rose note with a background modernistic aquatic note.  I say “lucked out” because I didn’t smell the expected violet note, which I tend to strongly dislike.  But that feeling of relief lasted only about fifteen minutes.  Then the violet note came on unrelentingly, to ruin the fragrance for me.  By the time the heart notes have been achieved, the violet dominated in conjunction with a powdery opoponax, vanilla, and the white musk combination.  The powder is charmingly feminine and of high quality.  The opening was a crystal clear floral presentation – a simplistically beautiful rose-floral accord that is an admirable and creative achievement.  I would think very highly of this fragrance if it weren’t for that unrelenting violet note.
neutral I want to like this perfume so much.  I love the bottle, but I completely agree with Lorettagrace: Baby Powder!  I put it on, and smell nothing but baby powder for 5 hours, then I get a hint of something deeper and more complex, but it is so faint.  Fortunately I like the smell of baby powder, so my 1ml sample will be used. I just can't bring myself to spend designer perfume price for the beautiful bottle of liquid baby powder.  
neutral The rose introduces the violet and dissappear in the first minutes. then a musky powdery sweet violet lingers on and on. i also get something ozonic (or dried clovers like?). Too sweet and too violet for my taste.
neutral I'm of two minds about this perfume, which seems to fit in with the split personality aspect of the perfume others have mentioned.  It isn't horrible... it's quite pleasant at times.  It's just that the violet in it smells of parma violets... there's a candylike aspect to the violet that can be a little bit cloying if the ambient temperature in the room or the season isn't quite right.  That being said, Parma violets do smell nice... and the sweetness isn't overly pronounced.  It's just that I would rather eat parma violets than wear them!
neutral Kenzo Flower is almost a copy of  of Leutece and Ombre Rose.  Magic Dreams is an acknowledged copy of Kenzo flower but I think it is much better.  Magic Dreams is dryer and blunter and less sweet and less powdery than Kenzo Flower.  Kenzo Flower is overly powdery and cloyingly sweet; Magic dreams is more buttery and has a fresher and smoother dry down. 
neutral Flower by Kenzo EDP and Parfum comparisonLeft arm: Kenzo Flower EDPRight arm: Kenzo Flower ParfumNot sure if this was mentioned in previous reviews, but these seem to be 2 different fragrances, irrelevant of concentration.On first spray, the EDP is a bit like play-do or latex rubber. It is not as "rubbery" as the latex note I get in Sarah Jessica Parker Covet or most of the Gaultiers, and it has quite a bit a fruit up front, sort of a peach-orange combination (nectarine?) along with a synthetic floral bouquet. Ok, ok, it is a fruity floral with some lactonic "milky" quality. Within 20-30 minutes, the sharpness of the fruit & flower softens to a bit of a soapy note, and is a little bit tart or sour. In fact, it is almost a plastic smell, or maybe a bit like old lipstick (sort of waxy). It reminds me of those dolls that have scented hair. Not bad, but if I had to base my decision to purchase on this one wearing, I would give it a pass.The parfum initially has more emphasis on the latex note with less fruit, and is more powdery with what seems to be a light amber. I would not say it is significantly heavier or stronger than the EDP. Rather, it is more resinous and rich, maybe more of an evening scent. The florals are less bright in this one, probably tempered by the amber notes. Of the two scents, it has more of the same qualities of Kenzo Amour, which I love. Unlike Kenzo Amour, Kenzo Flower Parfum penetrates my senses gradually with softness. I find it more in the "Amour" family than the special edition Indian Holi (which basically smelled like Amour with red cinnamon candle wax). However, the amber notes are not stellar, and with the sourness of the fruit and floral wafting in an out, I am not sure this one is FBW either. Having said that, it is definitely the more enjoyable of the two!Much later: Everything has dried down nicely...even the Kenzo Flower lost its dense waxyness to reveal a soft powdery floral underneath. Unfortunately I sensed hints of ammonia, darn it all, this aromachemical sensitivity!
neutral I'm just starting out with perfumes, so maybe I'll come to appreciate this one more as I gain experience, but right now the powdery note isn't something that suits me very well.  It dries down to something very like a marshmallow on me, which is a bit sweeter than I like my perfumes (YMMV).
neutral I can definitely smell the rose in this one and the sweetness sticks for a long time. Not my thing but I don't particularly care for heavy florals. I tried it once as it was my roommates and she adored the scent. She was from Brazil and said many girls there wear it.
neutral Starts out very promising, with a bright and uplifting opening, but quickly deteriorates into a fairly heavy, almost cloying, musty floral mish mash.  Perhaps it's my lack of experience, but I have a hard time detecting individual notes.  That would be okay if the fragrance was a 'symphonic floral' (to quote Luca Turin referring to 'Beyond Paradise').  Unfortunately, it's not. More like a poorly tuned high school band. Full on 'Meh!'
positive I couldn't not describe a gourmand and not use a food reference so here it goes. First blast is a lemon merengue pie fresh out of the icebox. Thick lemon curd with a caramelized sugar topping. But it soon fades. Way to soon. The fresh lemon fades into an earl grey tea note. Im left with a sweet but not cloying fragrance. Nice, comforting but leaves me wanting more of the sweet and sour lemon opening.
positive Unknown Pleasures is uncanny, unlike any other citrus OR gourmand that I've smelled previously.  It walks the line of a citrus bomb of lemon and bergamot as well as a sweet overload of waffle cone and a host of other gourmand notes.

Comparisons to lemon pie, a lemon icee, or any other sort of lemon dessert / confection are pretty fair.  It actually reminds me of cotton candy to some extent, the citrus influence notwithstanding.  I get a decent amount of the waffle cone aspect rather than vanilla or tonka, so it lands somewhere between lemon gelato and candy.

Performance is strong, not quite as strong as Copper Skies or Follow, but certainly worthwhile for a fragrance that I'd say you need to love in order to buy at $140 for 100ml.

8 out of 10
positive "Ooooh What's that? That's LOVELY!"

The boyfriend. Never comments. The boyfriend is the most asnomic person I have ever met. The only other perfumes he has ever complimented unbidden are Vanille Absolutement by L'Artisan and Putain du Palaces by Etat Libre d'Orange. Given I have about 50 frags in my wardrobe at any one time, sometimes changing my perfume twice a day, and that I test-drive handfuls of samples about twice week and he doesn't seem to notice, means that the odds of this exciting occurrence happening are very low. Very low indeed.

You could argue Unknown Pleasures is a little bit obvious. The initial blast of lemon curd hits hard and then the gooey-gourmand syrupy-sweetness of maple sweeps in with tooth-aching levels of sugar over the vanilla-vanilla-vanilla. I didn't want to like it but I find it strangely addictive. 

I've been layering it with more earthy pleasures such as Patchouli Antique by Les Nereides, and Fleur Poudree de Musc (discontinued) by the same house to give it a bit more base...but still, that first spritz of Unknown Pleasures always garners compliments from my bloke.

Sometimes it's not about my nose, about how sophisticated or complicated or cultured or rare a fragrance is, sometimes it's just about your boyfriend saying, "Ooooo, What's that? That's lovely".
Mr Kerosene, I doff my hat.
positive Hot lemon curd poured over vanilla ice-cream sprinkled with crushed waffle cones. A sundae to warm one's soul through coldest of seasons. 

The notes listed are unmistakably present. The sweetness is well balanced by the citrus notes and the waffle cone cannot be disputed, especially after the note has been suggested.

Recommended if you wish to provoke cravings for lemony desserts in everyone you meet; or enjoy torturing yourself with an aroma clearly designed to induce salivation… an effect which lasts a few hours.

positive Big lemon on the opening.Also tea and baked goods. These elements create an effect almost like sitting down for cookies for breakfast; slightly indulgent, but also comforting. After about 30 minutes, the baked cookie notes start becoming more intense; gourmand all the way. At the beginning, it was almost as if this could have gone one or two ways,  light and citrusy or gourmand- it moved toward gourmand on my skin. I am really liking this! Just looked at the notes- waffle cone!Yes, that works for me, memories of waffle cones at the Delaware shore! Well done. 

Now, waffle cone does not SOUND like something one would want on their body, but this is quiet nice. An hour in, and this is a satisfying gourmand. Not too sweet, very wearable. Two hours in, this is an extremely nice gourmand. At times, they can be far too sweet and coying for me. Here, the vanilla, citrus and baked cookie (waffle) notes are well balanced, warm and enveloping, and not too sweet. I am shocked at how much I like this perfume. Longevity is solid and projection is good but not too strong; perfect, I believe, for this type of scent. I could see having a bottle of this for winter. Really very much worth checking out.

negative "My mechanic eats cookies in bed!" I'm bemused by this perfumer's attachment to sweets.  This one whomps you over the head with a coconut, or more accurately, a gallon jug of Mounds-Bar filling, thinly underlain with lemon. Over time, the coconut remains, with spices supplanting the lemon.  

Like other Kerosene fragrances, this one poses the question: where is the line between a perfume and a good smell?  If I enjoy the smell of my Trinidadian neighbor's curries, why wouldn't I want to smell like that?   

neutral There is a brief flash of an intensely sour lemon note, as astringent and piercing as the one in Profumum's Acqua Viva, although sadly, not as natural-smelling. Almost immediately, though, the high pitch of the lemon note is brought down a notch or two with a dark, tannic element that smells like coffee or licorice, but which is actually Earl Grey tea. Whatever it is, the effect moves the perfume that crucial distance from sour lemon juice to a comforting baked good like lemon tier cake. It is delicious. 

The lemon cake smell shuffles off the stage pretty quickly, allowing the star performer, the caramel, to play its part. It is a pretty simple scent, actually - just lemon cake and caramel - but it does these two things well. The caramel is deep, unctuous, and thick. Also: intensely sweet (well, caramel is). But there is a nice toasty flavor to the caramel, and a vaguely smoked feel that stop the perfume from diving off the edge into unbearably sweet. For much of the progression of this perfume, I thought this edge was toasted coconut, or something like that creamy, stodgy coating around a Licorice Allsort (specifically the yellow flavor 'round' one). Supposedly, though, this note is waffle cone. Waffle cones are more a texture than a taste for me, but in general, I would agree that there is a pleasant toasted "baked goods" or biscuity tone to the caramel.

I like this a lot better than I thought I would, but still not enough to invest in a full bottle. I am beginning to realize that I have a tightly defined triangle of gourmand accents that I like or can tolerate (mainly saffron, some nuts, coffee, and certain lactonic notes) but Unknown Pleasures lies just outside of that tolerance line. If only the unctuousness of the caramel had been tempered for longer by that sharp lemon note at the start, or had been counterpointed in the later stages by a note not so entirely matching in sweetness (that baked goods / waffle note), perhaps by coffee or salt? Never mind, maybe it's not for me, but it's a very well done gourmand, very much on the sweet side. And I have to say that the longevity was immense, which was a bit of a surprise!


