It's all oud almost. Might as well put on an oud essential oil. A smoky oud with a burned smell in the background. You may have smelled this type of oud fragrance being worn by many Middle Eastern (religious) men. I can only see this being applauded by this target audience as oud to them is the go to scent and deeply engrained within their cultures. They might also pick up various subtleties where Oud Satin Mood may or may not outperform other ouds, as they are so familiar with the stuff. 

The rose you get is harsh and pungent and to my nose not all that natural smelling just because the sharp oud keeps being in front of it morphing the rose notes (that probably are in fact very natural at this price point). Because of this, I'm reminded of many a room deodorizer with similar rose like scents. 

It's completely non-gourmand. I get no vanilla at all, no pods, no essential oil, no vannilin.

I wish Kurkdjian had surprised me like Montale did with Black Aoud but he didn't.
Smells too much like a Montale.  Heavy, dirty, rose-oud combo, not enough sweet vanilla-amber to balance it out.  I'm getting zero violet. 
 Just ends up smelling like an old-lady. The vanilla does come through the more you let it sit into the drydown but it's hard to get past the loud rose that becomes cloying.

This thing projects so be careful with the sprays, you won't need many.
Stardate 20170531:

Too sweet. Wish they had toned it down. The oud,rose and whatever else they have in it gets drowned by the cloying syrup. It does gets better 10 hours later but that is too long a time to wait for.

I love a good gourmand, but By the Fireplace pushes into stomach-churning territory, ostensibly an aromatic picture or a s'mores-by-the-fire scene, but what it actually delivers is a grotesque mish-mash of acute marshmallow sweetness and a barbecue grill-ish smoke effect.

I am late on the bandwagon in sampling Angel. So I wanted to keep an open mind and give it a chance. And well.... I just can’t get my head around it. I find it strange, off putting, cheap and generic smelling. An odd mix of sweet and spicy notes. Doesn’t smell foody to me, nothing appetizing about this combination of foody notes. I am late in trying this scent, and perhaps if it hadn’t already been ruined by all of the imitations of it I might have felt differently. I smelled imitations of it before I realized I smelled imitations of it. So I’m afraid that for me Angel ends up smelling like a cheap imitation of itself. I found it unpleasant and nauseating. Had to wash it off. By the way, I do like Alien and Eau de Star by Mugler. But Angel is not for me. I would definitely not recommend Angel as a blind buy or gift due to its polarizing qualities. 
I loved Angel when it was brand new: I had never smelled anything like this sweet, fruity, caramel and chocolate creation! It was such a refreshing change from all the ozonic fragrances of the time, which followed the popularity of L'Eau D'Issey and Escape. After wearing it for about a year, I tired of it, and haven't worn it again until recently, when I suddenly decided to buy another bottle. Initially, I thought my new bottle of Angel smelled as it always did, but the more I have worn it, I have realised this fragrance has drastically reformulated. Though it is unmistakably Angel, it is not as sweet as it used to be, and the fruity notes seem more muted: the fragrance is heavier than it was, and now places far more emphasis on damp smelling patchouli and dark chocolate notes than the sugary chocolate-caramel of the original formulation (this damp patchouli and dark chocolate combination was taken to extremes in Givenchy's Very Irresistible For Men, which I always thought smelled like damp A*Men). This new formulation is unfortunately very inferior to the original! The bath and body products have clearly been reformulated too: they used to smell exactly like Angel Eau de Parfum, but now smell of heavy patchouli and fruity notes. The body creme was a particularly lovely product (originally in an elegant glass jar); even though it is still beautiful quality, it now has an overpoweringly strong fruit and patchouli scent, which I find very sickly (this version is sold in a rather over the top plastic "flying saucer" jar).
My thumbs down is for the current version of Angel; the original would definitely have got a thumbs up. I have, however discovered that Angel Etoile Des Reves, smells almost identical to Angel's original formulation, and is, for my tastes, far preferable the one available now.
Before Christmas 2017 I was going to order a sample of this online but decided against it.

Wise move!

Apparently, it has been added to the growing list of 're-formulated scents' whereby the people are being duped into buying something that is NOT like the original version.  For example, chocolate (for which Angel is/was famous) has been replaced by nutmeg, way back in June/July 2017.  In fact, in the original version there were 24 notes and that has now been replaced by only 12.  This has to be a cost-cutting exercise.  Why else would they do it?

This may explain why recent reviewers hate this scent as it's been re-formulated.
When this first came out I bought a bottle and wore it frequently. People would stop me and ask what I was wearing - it was that different from anything else available at the time. I eventually discovered Jo Malone fragrances and stopped wearing Angel. I now have an extensive fragrance wardrobe and wear a variety of scents. Fast forward - I decided to try Angel again. I cannot stand it now. I had to scrub it off, it was so obnoxious. I know that many people love it, but I just can’t take it. 
The most hideous fragrance I have ever experienced in my life. Dear lord, people pay for and wear this?
Angel came out around the time I decided that Chanel no. 5 was the one for me, so I pretty much hated this on principle. Testing it on my skin today, it seems I was right: I really do hate it. It's incredibly loud, incredibly sweet, and there is a funk in there that sets my teeth on edge. Now, mind you, I normally like a bit of funk: Salome's cuminey underpants? Count me in! The barnyard "butt" accord in Inverno Russo? Bring it on! But this I can't handle at all. It's like the smell of a wet, dirty dishrag that you pick up after it's been festering in the sun all day; a slightly rotting, sour smell that clings to your hands long after you've flung the filthy thing far away from you. The saccharine sweetness on top has the same effect as air freshener sprayed in a public bathroom; it only seems to enhance the stench. I do get why this was groundbreaking and all, and it's certainly not boring, so it has that going for it, but I'm honestly surprised this was such a commercial hit. I find it very unpleasant.
Each time I try Angel it brings vivid flashback of my youth wandering around the Victoria Secret store trying out the new VS perfumes of the 90's, the sweet, uber cloying candy-store scents that went by names such as 'Love Spell' or 'Dream Angels' or even early Bath and Body Works super syrupy scents.  To my then 20-something nose and lifestyle, yes, I wanted to smell like a candy factory.  

However, when I wear this and my kids come running thinking I've just opened a bag of Haribo and ask where I've hid the sweets in the house....I have no desire to smell like bags of Haribo candy. 
Angel opens sweet and earthy. After about 20 seconds a saltiness develops (almost salty sweaty skin, but a bit "cleaned-up")....and additionally becomes a little bit vegetal (carrot seed essential oil?). About 5 minutes in a bit of slightly sweet mint (spearmint?) and cocoa (bitter, not sweet) start to overtake the carrot seed. The "cleaned-up' salty sweaty skin is still pretty predominant. After about 20 minutes there's a little bit of vanilla bean and there is a very soft powder floral undercurrent about 1-2 hours after that. Angel stays with this very complex compilation through the rest of it's wear.

This was tested on dry skin in a warm, dry climate (in doors). Sillage is moderately strong at about 4-6 feet for the first two hours and then moderate to soft after that. Lasting power is about 6 - 8 hours.

This is an interesting amalgamation of notes. On me, it mostly smells "confused". Does it want to be a gourmand? intimately personal? challenging? perhaps a touch brash? It's all those things and I wasn't really enjoying that journey. However, I will say, I do appreciate it's complexity and uniqueness.
Angel is less shocking in the opening than Angel Men, but whereas Angel Men has some redemption in the base, Angel gets much worse as it develops, a cloying scrubber, and hard to wash off.
Angel smells exactly like Morning After Armpits. You know that semi-sweet, semi-sour, semi-BO smell... when your deodorant has all but given up. It's still trying to hang on for dear life, & quell that funky BO that's trying so hard to make it's presence known, but it doesn't quite make it. So you're left with that hot, used up, dirty pit smell.
Angel says "I could really use a shower!"

I've tried wearing this a couple of times & it just smells like dirty BO.

Rub your wrists on your hot, steamy, morning after armpits - you'll get the exact same results & it won't cost you anything.

If there were an intelligent species of alien who viewed us as mindless vermin, much as we view cockroaches, then the poisoned bait they'd strew across the planet in a desperate attempt to exterminate us would doubtless smell very much like Angel.

---

I don't much care for it when people talk about being nauseated by fragrances (unless they really do mean that it causes a literal physical reaction in them, like a migraine or an allergic response). Saying that something smells so bad that it makes you sick...it just seems a little tactless to me, you know? I mean, you're basically telling people who like and wear the fragrance that you think they smell gross. It's just not very polite.

So please understand that when I say that Angel turns my stomach, I am not using that phrase as a shorthand for claiming that I think it smells bad (or that you smell bad while wearing it). On the contrary, Angel smells...well, it smells both good *and* bad to me, both tasty and inedible, and that's the combination that causes all the trouble. It's that particular combination of edible/poisonous that triggers nausea in me, as if it causes some primal part of my lizard brain to wake up and start screaming in alarm. It's a combination that doesn't register so much as offensive or "icky" to me as it does as actively *dangerous,* because that combination of "Yummy...oh, no, but wait--" is the sign of food gone bad, a warning of incipient food poisoning. Or even worse, perhaps it's the smell of deliberate *bait.* It's the evil witch's gingerbread house, the sweetness down the gullet of the Venus Flytrap, the urban legend's Halloween apples with razor blades hidden inside of them. It's an Admiral Akhbar sort of thing: one whiff, and every nerve in my body starts screaming "No, don't go near it! It's a TRAAAAAAP!" It's tainted candy, poisoned honey, chocolate laced with arsenic. If there's amber here, then we are the flies.

Angel is to me what I imagine a delicious-looking wriggling worm with a barbed hook sticking through it might be to a sapient fish. Uhhh, yeah. You guys can have that one all to yourselves, thanks. I...I really wasn't hungry anyway.
Got a sample vial for reasons of sick curiosity.  

Roughly the same experience as when a cat gorges itself on cupcakes and Cadbury Caramello then horks it all up on your pillow.
Migraine in a star-shaped bottle.

What on earth is that?

I cannot distinguish the notes. They seem squished together like sardines and I'm pretty sure they are angry with me.

Why did the bottle need to look like something reminiscent of decor belonging to Studio 54? Am I missing something? Is there a reference I'm supposed to be getting? 

Ouch. The migraine is real.

Fail.
I really cannot bring myself to like--or even tolerate--this perfume.  I will never forget the first time I smelled it--I was with a very attractive, well to do woman (a client of mine) and after a long meeting we all went on to dinner and while we were getting ready to go, she put on lipstick, brushed her hair and sprayed on some perfume.  All charming, feminine gestures, except.....  When she sprayed on Angel, everyone around the table did a double take--shock, horror, wrinkled noses, watering eyes, the whole lot.  I SERIOUSLY thought that she had put on Raid insect killer by mistake--the smell was identical. It makes sense that I would not like it as I do not care for gourmand scents and do not like/am allergic to chocolate.  But Raid?  Really?  Does anyone like that smell?  The kicker is that after the dinner, we both flew home together on a very small plane and even in the drydown--which is better--all I could think of is pest control.  In all fairness, I did once buy this for a secretary I had as a parting gift--she never wore it in the office, thank God, but had mentioned always wanting a bottle and as she was moving to another town, I thought, why not?  I also thought, why? 
Definitely a gourmand. Some clashing, fruity top notes can be detected up close but are buried within seconds under a load of artificially flavoured diet caramel custard. Nothing subtle or even chocolatey about this caramel & vanilla scent.
I got sprayed with this by a sales associate who swore this was the closest thing to smelling what angels wore when they have an appointment with THE BOSS.
Silly, gullible, me. I discovered that stupid mistakes can be made even in the "safest" places.

This fragrance is not cheap, simple, or unintelligent. And I could detect some wonderful things in there. I absolutely adore patchouli (right after the fleeting camphor is gone). And I also love resinous smells. There's also something earthy in there. You may think I'm strange, but I also love earthy smells. And those are very prominent in Angel's formulation.

The problem was that I had to overcome my revulsion for what covered the good stuff: a monstrous rotten-sweet breath from hell. Along with that, superlative perversion: there seemed to be some flowers in there - rotting in hell. This perfume is certainly an angel, a fallen angel. I believe you call that a demon. Unfortunately, no church on earth has ever appointed an exorcist that specializes in perfumes.

Have you ever noticed that some of the most horrifying smells in the world are actually very sweet? Super ripe trash can with syrup? Well they managed to bottle just that in there. It seemed tailored to repel, then attract, then repel... until I ran away, confused and quite scared. I had NEVER (until I met Kouros) smelled something so vile coming from a perfume (!?) bottle.

Why scared? I wondered if my mind was REALLY playing nasty tricks on me. It was not. I was forced to fully "enjoy" it because it lasted the whole day on my arm. I did try to wash it out, but it had already adhered to my shirt sleeve. AND there was no soap in the public restroom that I visited. Mere water, along with some desperate rubbing, did not work at all. It did make the "Angel" extend its awesome power to my right hand. Touched, and marked, by EVIL.

Actually, I have used and enjoyed those cheap fragrance oil knockoffs that are available in shopping malls, Indian stores, and street corners. They contain most of the good stuff that Angel hides under its demonic (but not nicely sulphuric) stench. Whoever makes those, can certainly recognize a bad thing when they smell it.

 I was so intrigued upon hearing about this scent.  With a name like Angel, I envisioned a heavenly, spiritual scent, and it is anything but!  This scent is strong and overpowering and muddled, so much so I had a hard time distinguishing any real notes.  The best way I can describe it is like an artist coloring with every color in his pallet until it becomes muddy with no distinct color. " Angel like" it is not.  When a perfume leaves you feeling choked up and queasy it is definitely not for you.
 With that said I realize my taste in perfume is much different than a lot of people and I can see how this scent could appeal to others...Thierry Mugler thinks way outside the perfumers box and I appreciate that, it's refreshing but for me his scents are so far out there, they are unreachable to me and my tastes.  I love his ingenuity though, I think it's revolutionary.
 I can tolerate Alien and Womanity, but again, too much for me. My daughter took my Alien and loved it at first but had to roll the window down later just to breathe out of its aura.
 In summation, these are very adult pungent scents that command attention, albeit the right attention is for you to decide.
I agree with the previous post...Angel is unforgettable in a BAD way!  It is overpowering, aggressive, in your face foul and I have yet to smell anything worse...well, there is still Shalimar but that's not the point. Angel smells like a dirty, trashy woman to me, no offense to those who like it, it smells like an unshowered woman that sprayed perfume on to kill the funk rather than bathe! It is sweet, rancid and just nasty smelling.  I have not and will not try it on, I am afraid; and every woman I smell wearing it offends my sense of smell.

I do not like Angel!
I thought I was ready to experience this classic. Gourmand orientals are probably my favorite genre and I'm really into fragrances with character and depth. That said, this is the first fragrance I've tried that made me want to scrub it off my wrist immediately. I fought the impulse and tried to give it some time but I couldn't go longer than 20 minutes. 

My first impression was vile. Angel is so sweet it smells dirty. It made me feel sticky and in need of a shower. It smelled like I had my face against a dirty wooden floor after a 4 year old birthday party, in which the raspberry popsicles and vanilla ice cream were a hit, got out of hand and ended in a mess of sticky-faced, noise-picking, obnoxious children. Also brought this imagery of a landfill for popsicle sticks. 

It shrieks. I tried to ignore it while browsing the rest of the store, hoping that it would simmer down and reward my patience with something pleasant smelling. But I felt like I was being followed by a banshee. 

I do have to give Angel credit for being so salient and uncanny. It evokes memories of my past nightmares. The scent is permanently branded into my memory as a synesthetic image. The main notes I could detect were raspberry, an overdose of patchouli, and a smidge of vanilla. All scents that should be agreeable, but somehow the combination is raunchy and undeniably unforgettable. 
When I tried this, all I got was chocolate-caramel sticky sweet sickening cake batter with a whalloping double dose of vanilla.  Makes me think of eating Nestle's Quick out of the can as a child.     

Oh Angel, how I wanted to love you...but you hate me....

I have tried this fragrance twice on the strength of the positive recommendations from this (and other) forum(s) and twice I've had an absolutely horrific experience. The first time I tried Angel (in a major department store) it smelled so bad the sales girl literally towed me to a make up removal station and tried to scrub it from my arm. My four year old son made the "yuck" face and refused to stand on that side of my body.

Why go back the second time? I thought, "this can't be right...everybody says Angel is divine...maybe that first bottle had turned." Oh no. I am convinced Angel HATES my body chemistry. The second time smelled exactly the same but this time the sales person at the perfume counter tried to tell me it was lovely as she(unsuccessfully) tried not to make the "yuck" face herself. (Side note: Don't lie to us salespeople...we CAN smell ourselves.)

So what did Angel smell like on me? No disrespect intended to those of you who wear Angel, but on me it smelled like rancid fruit. I also got a note of something that smelled like rotting meat. On others- chocolate, on me- rotting things. Another cautionary tale about the importance of body chemistry. So a one overall but a five for longevity. Why? Because it smelled revolting for about 15 hours even after all attempts to remove it/cover it up with something else/shower.

On a side note...none of the Mugler fragrances smell as they are "supposed" to on me and I am now really curious about it. Angel and Alien really smell repulsive on me but lovely on others. Womanity smells good but not the way it was intended. Anybody have ideas about why these Mugler fragrances would behave this way on me when no others do?
Oh wow...this was a fragrance I didn't want to last on my skin! I couldn't believe it. So, many love it. It sounds like a fragrance I would love. But, on me, everything meshed together into one big bad sweet smell of ick.
When I first smelled this I liked it. But, when I sampled it there was something there, just beyond the sweetness that reminded me of a sweating hot dog vendor in mid-summer.  Tried it three times and couldn't get past that smell. 
I am sure that all the devils in hell wear Angel, Samsara, Youth Dew and all the other loud and cheap fragrances.  Angel is so disgustingly sweet and strong it gives me a headache and makes me feel sick to my stomach whenever I am too close to a woman who is wearing it.  I just can't understand how such an awful stench could become so popular.  Why on earth would anyone want to smell like a dessert cart on steroids?
I definitely need to try this one on again as so far my experience of this is more akin to Angel of Death than something heavenly. I remember sniffing it in Liberty's in London one winter in the 90s - and absolutely loving it. Then everyone started wearing it. In high quantities, in crowded tubes in summer and smoke filled clubs with poor ventilation at nightime and I hated it.

A friend wears this as her signature scent so it is tolerable (prob cos she's an angel herself) but I still can't help but feel choked whenever I try it on again in a shop and try to recapture that first sniff. 

Smells like death by candy floss in an overheated elevator to me and I would never inflict this on other people in the dog days of summer - unless I didn't like them. Chokingly sweet, overbearing, totally unsexy and impossible to wear lightly IMO. Yuck!
Oh dear, what can I say about Angel. I was apprehensive about getting this, especially as it was a blind buy but at the price I got it for I couldn't complain. I loved the sound of the sweet, chocolate notes, plus I thought it's reputation would speak for itself.

I'm not adverse to saccharine sweet fragrances, but I didn't find Angel toothache inducing - more HEADACHE inducing. My temples start pounding before the drydown. I know that Angel is regarded as the queen of gourmands but it doesn't make my mouth water at all - what berries, chocolate, caramel, vanilla??? Maybe a bit of chocolate, but after a while all I get is unrelenting stubborn PATCHOULI! I was expecting something a bit more "tasty", and I was disappointed.

I can actually imagine this as a car air freshener, and that's not something a woman should smell of.

Angel is a very unique fragrance, I can't deny it, but it's far too strong and sharp for me and my sensitive migraneous head.
Everyone can dislike or like this fragrance, but one thing is certain: Angel Is UNIQUE and different.

I fall in love with A*men (the male version) some years ago, and i never try angel until yesterday.

What can I say? Maybe many diferents notes for one scent?

The male version has many differents notes too, but in A*man the notes of Mint, Coffee, Patchouli, milk and caramel have some direction. Making A*man more Warm and Gourmand.

I think Angel fails in this aspect because is a extremely strong spicy Fragrance, there isn't a note that temper the others, so the first 15 minutes is unbearable, Who the hell can wears this?? I never could and I like spices, but this is too much!

Vanilla? this smells anything but Vanilla, i think this is more like an oriental Spicy.

There is something good about angel and I think it is the drydown, this part smells very similar to the male version, maybe now I can smell some vanilla, but this happens after four hours of been wearing this scent! It's just a pity!

I can see Coco chanel saying: Woman's need to smells like Woman, not like a strong Spicy Dark Chocolate.

My gran wears this, bless her . She's diabetic and loves mirangues. It smells like diabetes would if it had a smell. 
Angel” is the scent of powdered sugar, the inside of an aluminum orange soda can, patchouli, and raving rabid homicidal bee froth. It is the fragrance the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse would wear if the Four Horsemen were War, Pestilence, Death, and Tooth Decay. It is the scent of a terrible emergency, and no one should ever smell it. I need to borrow several thumbs down to fully rate this.
no need to buy it. To recreate Angel go to a bar and tip a pina colada down your front. Cheaper and more fun.

This scent inspired me to begin my journey as a fragrance enthusiast, so I can't turn against it completely, but I've fallen out of love with it and would no longer recommend it. It now seems unpleasantly thick and waxy in a "scented candle"-y sort of way, with the best elements of the composition tucked away beneath the vanilla.

In 2007 it was undeniably original, a bold evolution of the gourmand tobacco that had evolved over the prior five or six years into a strong market presence. In the ensuing decade, it spawned countless descendants, many of which bested it by building compositions with more clarity and structure and intrigue.
Quite disappointed with this PRODUCT, which was quite expensive.

The smell is simply unpleasant...  Objectively, it's unpleasant.  This is not a preference so much as the Formulation should not be worn by people.

I sense that the 'Tom Ford' name sucks customers into buying things such as this.  Count me as someone who is regretful.  I left it for the Hotel Cleaning staff when I checked out of a stay in London.

I find this nauseating. The sweetness comes over very synthetic to me (that doesn't mean it is). Tobacco Vanille tries to be inoffensive, mainstream. I wouldn't downvote for that. But after wearing this for an hour or so, I cannot stand it anymore - too linear, too sweet, too synthetic (for lack of a better word). Try Amouage Journey if you like Tobacco.
You're a Vape Bro and you favor gingerbread cookie flavored vape juice.  

I went to Neiman Marcus to put a couple sprays on to try it. On my drive home, I thought it smelled very feminine and I had mistakenly put on a perfume. The vanilla note is very prevalent and as a result, is a sweet scent. I am a fan of sweet smells, but not this one. 

Too girly for me. 
Surprisingly bad. I was excited for a sweeter tobacco but all I get is a too-sweet vanilla. 

I must be getting some of the spices because, when all is said and done, this reminds me of eggnog. So sad.
Don't get it. This sucks. Soaking tobacco leaves in vanilla would probably smell better. Maybe it is the chocolate note that does it for me. 
Probably The Most Overrated Fragrances I Have Ever Had!  Just got my bottle of TV from Bergdorf Goodman's, along with Roja Dove and By Killian's.  I Have Many Creeds, By Kilian's, Krigler, Clive Christian and Roja Dove.  Tom Ford and The Clive Christian 1872 Are By Far The Worst Scents I Have Purchased in the Last 8-10 Years.  However, TV does project very well and lasts a very long time.  On the other hand, I just received my First Roja Dove, Sweetie Aoud, One of The Best Scents I Ever Smelled, but doesn't last very long!!  Don't know if there is a Perfect Scent, but Roja Dove Is Pretty Close!!!!!

starts with an incredible tobacco scent then goes horribly sweet ends up vanillaThis is one of the most wonderfully opening masculine scents in my opinion ! so intense , very clear tobacco. i almost rush to buy the bottle but as i tested it the vanilla became stronger until it was so cloying i actually felt nauseous. Its so sad that the vanilla is just too over  powering and horrible horribly sweet in my opinion. It projects well with great silage but honestly it ends up smelling of artificial vanilla custard powder. if this was reformulated to be less of a sledgehammer it would be a masterpiecePros: incredible opening of tobaccoCons: really really horrible after about 2 hours. "

I don't get this scent. I almost feel sick when I smell this. Tried to give it away, but no one seemed to like it.
Where do I start with this? First let me say that I'm a big fan of Tom Ford fragrances and I'd been looking forward to trying this for a while. Well yesterday I found myself in Harvey Nichols in Leeds and so I gave it a go.

I'll leave it up to those with much more experience to describe exactly what notes are detectable and how they develop, but what I will say is that I found it awful to the point of being offensive. My girlfriend agreed and even made me get straight in the shower to scrub it off when we got home!

I'm just starting out trying new fragrances whilst I build my collection and I understand that Tom Ford can be a little 'out there' with his private blends. That said, I can't ever imagine it to be socially acceptable to smell like this. I've read the positive reviews with interest and am surprised to see that there's a lot of love for this on here so I guess it's a case of love it or hate it, but I will advise people to try this one before you buy!

Caraway and play-doh heliotrope. I couldn't stand this on my skin. There is a weirdness to this note that isn't appealing at all. There is a fragrance beneath this that speaks of sophistication, though it is drowned out by play-doh, a heliotrope synthesis gone bad I suppose. But really, the formulation itself also comes across with a synthetic glamour and a certain obviousness. 
It might work great on someone in their 20's, as long as that play-doh note doesn't arise. I remember that time in my life - I loved an air of sophistication, without knowing what the hell that was. I wanted something that smelled good to me, and fit in with what my friends wore. It didn't go much beyond that and I wasn't looking for complexity then.
But really, what went wrong with this one on me was that caraway/play-doh note.
Woody Oriental

Hypnotic Poison is one of those fragrances that dispense with the top notes and skip right ahead into their main corpus. And what a corpulent body this one is! 

Hypnotic Poison pops out of the bottle as a thick, dark, velvety gourmand with a prominent fuzzy-sweet woody base. Cocoa powder and coconut blend with a buttery vanilla to make a milk chocolate fudge of an accord. If you took A*Men and stripped it of its discordant camphor and patchouli, or pried the licorice out of Lolita Lempicka au Masculin, you’d probably wind up with something very close to Hypnotic Poison. There is a twofold implication to this likeness: first, Hypnotic Poison is very much a unisex perfume, and second, it’s a lot less complex and interesting than its masculine precursors. (One of which, by the way, was composed by the same perfumer.) In fact, without much by way of florals, citrus, fruit, or spice to temper its central gourmand accord, Hypnotic Poison comes across as unrelievedly dense and ponderous. It’s probably good if you like this sort of thing to begin with, but since I don’t I’m not an adequate judge. 

A very light watery almond scent - I get none of the other notes. This is one of those so airy non-scents that it adds up to nonsense.

I had high hopes for this fragrance, but on me it's terrible. Opens with a faint anise-like smell I attribute to allspice and then becomes something weirdly unpleasant...perhaps the allspice with fruit. Whatever it is, it comes off as leather + rubber to my nose and is nauseating. This lasts for quite a while before HP gets to its drydown, which is mostly sweet vanilla with some bitter almond cutting through and a touch of musk/spice from the sandalwood. The drydown is enjoyable, but not enough to offset the nose-wrinkling middle notes. 
I don't like hp. I received it as a present and wore it in winter. It doesn't make me feel special or feminine, it doesn't add any charme to me. And this is what I want from a parfume. But hp just gives me headache. I know many friends had the same problem. Another thing that strikes me about hp is that there are a lot of cheap copies of it. It is veeery easy to copy hp, and apart for the longevity these copies are very similar to the original!

I have only tried Hypnotic Poison three times, and each time it has given me an instant migraine. On me it turns into a very sickly chocolate ice cream type smell.Needless to say, it's a fragrance I now steer clear of!

Let the hypnosis to the wizards, please. This woody-oriental, bitter-sweet blend of almond and coconut, very addictive for many young women all over the world, reminds me a bit Heliothope Etro (far, far better appointed and with a right level of sweetness) resulting nevertheless to my profane nose too much sweetly flavoured by vanilla, too much pretentiously glamour, too cloying, too exaggeratedly gourmand, be lacking that ethereal and mysterious delicacy towards which this kind of fragrances would have to aim in order to be valued appreciable. The caraway provides projection, a bit of dissonance, and dustiness. Being lacking boldness and naughtiness, not proper to gourmand fragrances in my opinion, being lacking of evocative power and failing, despite the jasmine sambac, the attempt to catch the train of glamour and chic, what is left for us is a bowl of coconutty sugar, a vanilla pudding or a stand of sweets standing in a popular religious mediterranean feast. To be worn sparingly because of its atomic projection. Not for my taste.
I love the idea of this scent, a dry and spicy top with heated woods and sweet spices hitting immediately, warming a feminine jasmine and oakmoss heart.First whiff from the bottle I thought "Wow", but had not finished that word in my mind when I realized I did not want this on me. But finally I gave it a chance on the skin.It fails completely and utterly. The synthetic and harsh woods collide with an overwhelmingly sickly sweetness and the result is offensive, flat and uninteresting. Hypnotic Poison is like a cheap copy of a perfume I would very much like to try. Since then I've smelled it on hoards of women and sadly the impression is always the same, it doesn't seem to adapt any wearer. 

You're drinking a Vanilla Coke in a blooming garden of white flowers in the middle of the woods. Lys 41 by Le Labo.
It opened with a sickly sweet floral and dry down was no better.  Although the scent was very pure and not in the least chemical, I found it cloying to the point of having to scrub it off hours later after giving it a chance to settle .

Silliage was medium and it's incredibly long lasting and was quite strong hours later.





The floral top notes have a synthetic-generic sweet vanilla undertone on my skin that is quite unpleasant and not helped much by a rather indifferent coffee note in the drydown.  The base with its cedar-patchouli again is fairly generic and unexciting. Silage and projection, however, are good and I get five hours of longevity, but overall this is a very disappointing flankers to someone who like the original quite a lot. 

2 sprays and you will be transported back in time to your early teens, you know, the insecure glory days. 

Hanging out at the donut shop, sporting tight trousers and applying half a can of Axe body spray with an itchy trigger finger. Good times. 

0 stars. 
I acquired a bottle of this under batch code# SA422 and I must say I'm not impressed with Eros by Versace.

I get an opening slightly fresh of mint then it's coated over by a lot of vanilla. I get green apple, cedar, and little ambroxan in the blend. Occasionally the mint peeping through the vanilla body of this fragrance.

I get about 8 hours of light projection with this fragrance so it's no performance beast. Eros to me scent wise isn't unpleasant...but it's a rip off at cost. It's an office and casual wear fragrance. This fragrance has a lot in common with the Penguin/Musingwear apple based fragrances that were designed before Eros and are about $20.




Tried it in a store after seeing it being hyped by youtubers recently. 

It's a good aquatic but in a way it's sort of like a glorified Axe/Lynx product. You know, the blue/marine/aquatic ones like Marine, Apollo and Click. Eros is a lot like the shower gels of aforementioned. Which is not a bad scent and back in my teens I always thought Axe's shower gels actually smell better than their body spray counterparts. 

That's what Versace Eros is to me, a very good aquatic shower gel scent (although done more naturally) with the longevity of an EdT. Would have loved this as a youngster in the late 90's but it smells dated now. 

Need to mention this one's stingy on the Ambroxan to me, keeping it from entering that Sauvage and Invictus vibe that's currently marketed as being the best and most modern way to smell. 

Minty and aquatic, barely perceivable leather. Coumarin and geraniol like Axe/lynx only not as much of it.

Boy oh boy where do I start. So I was interested in Versace, because of all of the positive reviews, just like Bleu. Big mistake. 
Eros, is very sharp and harsh and syntheticly sweet. It gives me a headache, and it is just too much. 
Unless you are in a club, where pretty much ANYTHING smells good, this is not pleasant. 
There is Strong lemon and some VERY synthetic smell underneath that is headache inducng. Thank God I just bought samples, I will be happy to give them away to guys I know that go clubbing. 
I will start this off by saying that vanilla is not one of my favorite notes, however, I like it in certain situations (JPG Le Male, for instance). This is nothing but uber sweet synthetic vanilla and mint. If you like super super sweet scents, you will like this. I'm not sure I understand the hype around this, though. It seems like it attempts to do what Le Male does, but it doesn't quite achieve that euphoric mix. I've tried wearing this several times and it's super cloying. I can't imagine this working in the super hot humid southern US summers. Like I said, if you enjoy sweet vanilla you will probably like this, but I would definitely recommend trying it before you buy it. 

I made the mistake of spraying this on myself while browsing through Macey's. Ugh...I had to continue walking through the mall with my wife while the stench of this stuff clung to me like a bad nightmare. I got nauseated within about 40 minutes and by the time we left the mall, I was almost ready to beg for someone to turn a fire hose on me. It is far too strong and cloying in a very bad way. The only positive is that the bottle looks very cool. Eros means romantic love, but the name of this scent to me would have to be "Miso", which of course would be Greek for "hate". Big thumbs down...
Not very creative! but I appreciated that in the sample I received there was the olfactive pyramid explained and the olfactive family quoted. A good way to inform and disseminate the culture of perfumes. 
WAY TOO STRONG!
This can be used a clubbing scent in the same spirit as 1 Million, Le Male.
I cannot imagine a mature male using this in an office environment or at church as it would be too cloying.

It's not a BAD smell; it's just overwhelming and ever-present (like Axe).
Maybe it will burn itself out in a year.

I can imagine those under 26 or over 65 wearing this to "make the scene" in a club as they unnecessarily yell into your ear "CAN YOU SMELL MY COLOGNE?".

10 minutes after spraying this on, it wasn't hard to determine Eros' target market....15 to 20 yr olds, looking for attention.   This mess will compete with the worst of scents in any tight room.   If that's your need, knock yourself out...  

Truly awful stuff.
Eros is another uninspiring release from the house of Versace. It opens up with citrus-fruity accord and smells good for the first few minutes. But then the tonka bean, vanilla and other notes set in, leading to a gourmandish mess. It is in the same ballpark as modern clubbing fragrances such as Le Male and 1 Million. In this particular olfactory niche the bar for being a decent composition is rather low, but this one still misses the mark. 

The bottle looks good, the cap outright tacky. 
Welcome to the factory of vanilla powder. Pure trash. 
I've tried this one from a sample for the last week, on and off. It's exactly what you'd expect from a mass market brand - utterly bland, designed to be characterless so as to offend as few people as possible and thereby to appeal to the widest market. It's "nice", up to a point, but it's also instantly forgettable. It doesn't create a mood or enhance one's spirit, it doesn't intrigue or elevate. It just sits there being polite.

Give me something with distinction any day.

1/10
Don't like it. It kind of gives me a headache. 
The usual tiresome, sweet, fruity, synthetic, charmless, obnoxious, loud dreck.
The bottle is a masterpiece, but it goes downhill from there.

I was expecting a quality masculine aquatic but this is sweet, sickly perfume in the style of 1 Million. Avoid if you are over 18.
To be fair, Eros isn't as bad as I expected.  I assumed from the blue bottle that it would be just another "bleu" Windex aquatic.  Don't get me wrong - it IS a Windex aquatic, but the harsh chemical smell is tempered with mint and lavender and paired up with a sour-milk caramelized marshmallow smell instead of the ubiquitous grape drank or fake citrus that scents like this usually use.

That being said, I haven't really liked Eros.  It's REALLY obvious that this was some marketing team's attempt to make something that smells like One Million and, even if it were more unique, I just don't like that sharp Windex chemical smell, and I dislike it even more when awkwardly paired with Angel-esque super-sweet notes.  Oh well, more for the youngsters...

I wore this in the 90’s when it was rich, deep, and peppery.  I sniffed it yesterday for the first time in 20 years and nearly gagged.  All I got was Dr. Pepper soda pop and Johnson’s Baby Powder.  

I wore this  20 some years ago , but it changed.  It's stronger but in a negative way for me.  I'm not  happy when I wear this.  It smothers me and makes me sad and I don't know  why.  My husband shelled out 60.00 for it as a present and I could not tell him I didn't like it...   There is a secret to this although, spray lightly.  As colors have different hues and shades, so does perfume and this is not a pastel! It's a dark hue.

As a guy, I was curious to check this one out, being a fan of several of the men's scents from Prada.

The opening showed promise, with the characteristic camphor-like benzoin note and interesting caramel rich and sweet note.  It smelled like a decent, balanced oriental lady perfume that I'd not recoil from.  But...

The musk in the drydown has the smell of, well, slight lady's body odor.  It didn't come across as pleasant, but more so animalic in a somewhat undignified, unwashed way.  Too bad: At least from my pov, the musk could have been dialed back more, and the other elements could have stood out better.

Granted, my experience is purely from a male perception, coming from a sample vial sprayed on my hand. Take it for what it's worth.
   If you wish to smell like dusty caramel this might be your treat, but I just can't get behind this simpering sweet-toothed creation. As with many foody scents it overstays its welcome, so points for longevity, at least.
I received fragrance sampler kits from Sephora for Christmas.  I wasn't impressed with any of the included samples.  I was hoping Prada Candy would be a warmer, richer, more mature gourmand.  Instead, it is extremely sweet and dries to a burnt caramel finish.  This might be okay for a teenager, but I wouldn't recommend it for adults.

After all these years, I can say with full confidence that I just don't like Le Mâle.  It feels good to finally get that off my chest...

I think almost everyone knows what this smells like by now, but if you don't, it's basically a lavendor/tonka fougere, sweetened with vanilla, cinnamon, and coumarin, kind of soapy and powdery, but kept from turning into a gourmand by a mix of exhaust-fume terpines, bleach, plasticky diaper musk, and smegma.

It actually kind of reminds me of Shalimar, but if Shalimar were reimagined by a punky gay weirdo who thought it would be funny to get unsuspecting people to wear a classic musk perfume that uses bleachy dried up sperm instead of musk.  As such, I get the joke, and I acknowledge the artistry, and the wink-and-nod to history, and the iconoclasm.  But I still think this smells nasty.
Synthetic at its best. Powdery synthetic scent. I dont get anything in it, it's too lame to separate the notes. I only get some "artificial" lavender. Hmmm...


Does nobody else get shaving foam, herbs and mustiness?

**/*
I've bought 125 ml for 40 €
I'm not an expert on reformulations. 
The scent is classy and great. I've owned dupes of this fragrance. 
Le male in its current state is not worth the money. Sillage is poor and the dry down is not that great. 
Kindlooks for 5 dollars is better and the sillage is far better than JPG LE MALE. 
I don't like to ramble on about reformulation's but this one is totally spoiled now ..it's dry and has lost all of its opulence and density..highly synthetic and basically its not been treasured or treated with any respect by the company that currently formulate it. I gave it away to my 14 year old nephew ..he likes it so at least it wasn't a complete waste of money.
The original JPG Le Male from the 90s was a masterpiece & had tremendous performance! Le Male has since been reformulated & most retailers are selling the reformulation. The reformulated version of Le Male does not smell or perform nearly as good as the original. It is not powdery, nor is it a powerhouse! I find it woodier in the dry-down. The vintage is a much darker juice/better formulation. A reformulated bottle will last 5 hours at most on my skin & project for the first hour. It is a shame that the house destroyed a beautiful fragrance. Not worth it - only buy if you can find the vintage juice!
I happened to be living in London when this was launched and was running into Harrod's on an errand when, right inside the door, a woman with a spritzer grabbed my arm and asked if I wanted to try this new scent.  Before I could answer, I was given a dose and I quickly moved on.  Before I was twenty steps into the store I knew that something was wrong.  Very wrong. What she sprayed on me was so vile, so gross, that I went straight to the men's room to wash it off.  It was on me ten minutes or so and I sniffed at it the whole time, wondering what was so "off" about this scent.  I was probably wearing Bel Ami at the time, so strong scents were no problem.  I also love Caron PuH and Ungaro II, and the vanilla lavender combo is a favorite, so what was so wrong?  To me it smelled overly strong, overly sweet and oddly bestial--and not in a good way (and as I mentioned, I like the civet in Ungaro II!).  Very similar to my reaction to Kouros, even though they are very different fragrances.  Even after a scrub in the gent's I emanated its evil odor for the rest of the day and felt like I needed to apologize to strangers who drifted into my wake.  Oddly enough, I have smelled it on other men since where it smelled just fine--actually tame and minty-fresh barbershop-like.  I might even like it now that it has been reformulated but I can never forget the visceral reaction that I had on first trying it. 

Genre: Woody Oriental

This dull, aging, straight-laced, (if socially progressive,) straight guy grants kudos to the house of Jean Paul Gaultier for openly courting the gay male market well before it was politically correct to do so – back in those benighted times when “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” actually looked like a step forward. Insofar as the packaging and winking sailor boy from The Village People ad campaign were unambiguously and unashamedly targeted – not to mention decades in advance of Etat Libre d’Orange – I say good for Gaultier. I only wish they’d given the guys a better scent.

I have no idea what perfume critic Tania Sanchez was sniffing when she described Le Mâle as a “light, soapy lavender scent,” but to me the contents of the bottle with the bulging crotch rank among the loudest, crudest entries in the sugared 1990s tidal wave that included A*Men, Pi, Rochas Man, Lolita Lempicka au Masaculin and Joop! Homme. I find this especially remarkable given that it’s purported to be the work of Francis Kurkdjian , him of Enlévement au Sérail, Acqua di Parma Iris Nobile, L’Eau Noire, and Ma Dame. The composition smells very simple, and all I get out of it besides Ms. Sanchez’s lavender is powdery vanilla, amber, and a monstrously amplified note of ethylmaltol. This last is the same diabolically shrill, sweet aromachemical that lends the original Angel its syrupy consistency.

The development, if I may deign to call it that, is strictly linear, and the cloying sweet central accord persists at the olfactory equivalent of deafening volume for hour upon hour – which I count as no good thing, given how unpleasant I find Le Mâle. Contrary to some others, I actually find Kurkjian’s recent floral variation, Fleur du Mâle, far more wearable and interesting.

A classic scent destroyed by reformulationJean Paul Gaultier's Le Male was a masterpiece of simplicity and design. Some people thought it was a victim of its own success but popularity was never due to hype or marketing, rather it was down to one simple and fundamental truth (often forgotten in fragrance world), Le Male just smelled so bloody wonderful. Le Male was never a complex scent, just a perfectly balance of duality - its intense vanilla dry down tempered beautifully by mint and a hint of lavender. It was also renowned for its projection and longevity across the board, something rare with so many different and subjective reactions to fragrances. So it's with a heavy heart that I inform the reader that Le Male has, most likely, been reformulated as a shadow of its former self. I've purchased 5 bottles over the past six months, all from reputable sources and they have all inspired contempt and frustration. The new formulation has dropped the heavy vanilla dry down in favor of something more subtle. It's not unpleasant but it's far less sweet than the original formulation and seems a little more powdery. It has also become far less potent. In fact, I'd go so far to say that its projection is weak. It stays so close to the skin as to become none existent. Longevity remains decent - around 6-7 hours, less than its earlier incarnation - but because the projection is so slight and the scent so bland, longevity becomes mostly irrelevant. I don't think that there has been any official word from Jean Paul Gaultier but the forums are abuzz with speculation. I remained objective in my assessment - negative experiences with scents often comes down to fake bottles or stale perfumes - but I feel confident that I've given enough time, and enough money (!), to confirm my judgement. In conclusion, be wary when purchasing Le Male. I suggest hunting down older bottles, if you know what to look for (it's been suggested that the older formulations have darker stripes on the bottles). Otherwise, lower your expectations of this once beautiful creation and mourn the defiling of a classic male fragrance.Pros: Retains hints of its older versionCons: Weak projection, weak longevity, lack of vanilla intensity"

Sweet scent at first sight but too much for my taste. It becomes invasive and unpleasant.
With all the amazing reviews I read about this, i just HAD to try it.  I WANTED to like it... but alas, it was not for me.  
When sprayed on the test strip of paper, it was very forgettable, with an undertone i wasn't sure of.  Surely that was just something subtle on thetop notes that would wear off eventually.  So I tried it on my skin.
For 45 minutes all I got was babypowder that had something subtle trying to come out.  Eventually the hidden note came out:  Vanilla.
If vanilla and babypowder are notes you enjoy, then this is the frag for you.  Sadly, I didn't feel that it lived up to the expectations made by all the reviews.  IMHO.
Le male contains some of my favourite notes and I was eager to try it.  I really liked this fragrance on the blotter.  Then, I sprayed some on my wrist.  Big mistake!  After 20 minutes, I smelled like I spilled a bottle of Musk for Men by Jovan (a horrible cheap drugstore fragrance that was all too popular back in the 70's).  For months, my mouse pad reeked of white musk. Oddly enough, musk is not mentioned in Le male's olfactory pyramid.  I wonder what it is that reacts so bad on my skin.

Maybe Le male is a great fragrance on some men but on me, it is utterly revolting.  Headache in a bottle, unfortunately.
so sweet it mekes me sick, are you sure this was intented for males to use it?
I keep trying this one and it's just as nasty as the last time I tried it on.  Smells like a syntheticly sweet plastic.  An assault on the senses.
THIS SCENT LASTS FOREVER AND A DAY! I had a spray in a shop and the initial very alcoholly blast put me off a little. After about 20 minutes it blends into a spicy vanilla scent. I personally struggled smelling any lavender or mint but there you go. I really don't see what the big fuss is with this fragrance. However, the sillage/projection/longevity cannot be faultered.

So many citrus woodies these days are so uber synthetic and loud that they tag the wearer as hanging with their old mate Screechmella. Walk down a stairwell wearing one and the scent will linger, leaving the next resident to encounter it thinking that the cleaners have done a particularly thorough job this time. 
Cedrat Boise has that garish volume for sure, but also a few grace notes. First, the powerful citrus  – common with all such perfumes – that comes across as strong detergent is somewhat masked by a riotous fruity mix that makes it easier to live with. Second, the synthetic cedar note has a bit of a sappy and green quality to begin with.  
Unfortunately, the mix also reminds me of the fruitsick hell that is CK’s Escape for Men, an act of  perfume violence guaranteed to make me move away from the wearer quicker than any threat of physical harm. It has that same nauseating, highly chemical, watery persistence, common to so many of these bro-juices, that it makes me think I must be an utter snob to feel such visceral revulsion. Perfumes of this ilk are garlic to my inner vampire. You’re safe bro, you really are – go (preferably very, very far away) in peace.

Cedrat Boise smells synthetic to me. Sometimes that's not a bad thing, but in the case of Cedrat Boise, it's distracting to me. I couldn't disagree more with the thought that this smells like Aventus. It's nothing like Aventus to me. In fact, this isn't even in the same time continuum as far as enjoyment goes with Aventus, at least for me. Cedrat Boise's wood notes smell more like Cashmeran than cedar or sandalwood to me. The citrus also smells like white musk with hints of citrus. I do get a dash of jasmine in the opening. Wish I could smell the blackcurrant, but the dry down is all about synthetic woods to my nose. I love my new bottle of Red Tobacco by Mancera, but Cedrat Boise is a miss for me. 

A thoroughly cheap-smelling synthetic vanilla mixed with some smokiness; it's both bland and off-putting. 

I'm inclined to be especially harsh here because of the absurd and disgraceful pricing. This is transparently cheap, nasty stuff being sold at entry-level niche pricing.
Just another cheap little vanilla.  It's that dumb marshmallow frosting vanilla, with isobutavan added for a hint of nuts and creme soda, and a touch of boozy immortelle that's trying its best to class things up but fails.

Right now, in any town in America, you could go to Ross or TJ Maxx and find a candle or a room spray that smells like this for less than $5.  This is the dictionary definition of what "cheap" smells like.

Extremely nasty modern hodgepodge aggregate  of the worst designer modern masculine synthetic aromchems tendencies of the moment.
Avoid at all costs.
To be noted I’m a moss, cat’s arse and beaver sack type ..
One of those A*Men-inspired coffee/lavender/caramel gourmands drenched in mass market masculine aromachemicals, notably those omnipresent aquatic grape topnotes and a full-on Axe body spray "woody amber" base.  It's OK at first and ends up smelling ferociously cheap.  In the recent flood of coffee gourmands, this seems quite unnecessary - the only thing it brings to the table is cheapness.
Very sweet, freshly-baked sugar cookies on a warm wooden plate.  Not a suitable scent for a gent.  
A sugary woody piquant synthetic unoriginal mess. A shame as the most part of the new woody releases "retracing" this infamous gassy (sugary dusty) trend. Ferragamo Uomo's opening is a cedary-spicy sugar's tornado while dry down is a less dusty-gassy nondescript woody-caramel. Zero texture. An unpleasant piquant boredom on my skin.

Lost Cherry is a great name for this one:  10 minutes after spraying, it's G-O-N-E.  Interesting that longevity is good for some people and zero on others....

Good God, what have they done to this once beautiful perfume?  This concoction is an abomination of its former self.  I had an older bottle for years that I would always return to, received a new one for a present that is so different it is nearly unrecognisable.  The cloyingly sickly sweet smell of vanilla off the new formulation is downright offensive, I actually had to wash it off and I have never had to do that before with perfume.  What was once one of my favourite scents is now dead and buried.  Don't bother buying this, just get a couple of vanilla pods and rub them around your neck, job done. 
I ordered a bottle of this over the internet, and thought it must have been a knock-off because it smelled so terrible on me. I gave it away, but have since tried it again at a department store to make sure it wasn't just a bad bottle, and it wasn't. There is something in the opening that reacts badly with my skin. After about 30 minutes it calms down, but still doesn't smell great. I had a bottle of Shalimar back in the early 80s and did not have a problem, so I am thinking it is something they have added to the newer formulations. The newer version is truly terrible on me and I cannot pick out anything on the pyramid that normally reacts that way with my skin. My friend asked me please not to stand too close...
Shalimar EdP opens with a astringent citrus accord of bergamot and lemon and then moves into a lovely vanilla scent.

When the incense arrives and melds with the vanilla the scent does become quite alluring.

Though as it evolves you begin to smell leather and civet which also mix's in with the incense in a unpleasant way. At this stage it starts to smell acrid like mothballs or bug spray.

The scent is complex and has many facets of development with floral notes adding to the above notes. 

I like some elements of the fragrance like the vanilla and incense. But what kills my interest is the dated mothball/bugspray like accord coming from the civet and incense.
Shalimar is unequivocally the most cloyingly sweet, baroque perfume on the market today. Some old fragrances become classic standards that are timeless. Others survive by being "a name" in popular culture. The overwhelmingly sickening sweet synthetic vanilla and talcum powder of Shalimar that projects and punches EVERYBODY within 20 feet of the wearer (literally) is actually indecent and offensive. Goes beyond a statement. Beyond boldness. Beyond good taste. I can't think of another fragrance that is so overpowering that I'd have to tell someone I can't stand to be near them. Long after escaping the vicinity of a  Shalimar cloud, it's all you can smell. Your battered olfactory senses causing a headache and thoughts of "does this meal smell like Shalimar?" or "have they cleaned this restroom with Shalimar?" and so on. The domineering pervasiveness is actually rude then.

I've tried to enjoy Shalimar for its smell.  And its history.  And its importance.  And its benchmark status.  But no.  I'm afraid I think Shalimar smells gross.  That's not to say it isn't important and possibly a great perfume.  But I still think it smells gross.

Lately, I've been sampling the EDT, which is heavy on the baby powder and talc, fuzzy with lavender and a weird plasticky musk that smells like a diaper, as well as a realistic musk that smells like baby poo.  And there's vanilla, too.

I prefer the EDT because it focuses on the powdery aspects, letting the poopy diaper fade into a powdery spiced vanilla, which is the smell for most of the day.  

I've also tried the extrait, which highlights the poopy diaper musks and is just terrifying.

Oh well, I've given Shalimar MANY chances, and I get why people love it, but I just don't want to walk around smelling like a poopy diaper sprinkled with vanilla and cinnamon in a cloud of baby powder.  Maybe I'm losing snob points, but I'm fine with that...
Oh Dear Lord, Smells like FLY Spray :(after reading the background to this Fragrance and that of the good reviews I decided to try some of this on to check to see if was all that of the hype some people give this Fragrance. I was looking to give it to my Daughter for Christmas if it was good. I had imagined myself telling my daughter about the story behind the fragrance etc too but when I sprayed this on my arm, oh dear lord.. I nearly fainted... they didn't have any of the EDP so I used the EDT... my MRS didn't like it either, she thought it was horrible... it smelt like fly spray.. non the less, it was now on me so I watched if throughout the afternoon and into the evening.. it powdered down a lot better after an hour but still with that faint smell of fly spray in with the powder... it lasted very well, 8 hrs +... but hell, would you want it on you for that long? very disappointed :(Pros: dries down nicer than original burstCons: Smells like Fly Spray"
Disgusting and intrusive. 
I'm definitely in the minority here but I don't like this fragrance.  When Shalimar is mentioned I hear perfect, classic, wonderful.  When I try it all I get is vanilla, plastic, and dead cat.  What am I doing wrong, folks?  

One of the ugliest, most pervasive scents known to man, next to cat pee.

The staying power is, of course, excellent.
I dont quite like it. I blind-bought it because it was oh-so praised here on basenotes. That was a mistake. It  smells pretty much like joss sticks and reminds me of red-light-establishements (thou ive never been in one :). As KatiePuckrikSmells stated in her YouTube-Review the smell was considered "a perfume with a bad reputation" and that "there are three things a "Lady" never did [..], wear shalimar", this is pretty much spot on. Its not western-classy but oriental-brothelesque.. thumbs down.

its too acidic for me, somehow reminding me of sugardrenched poppycake with a spritz of some bathroom- cleanser.
I found Flower by Kenzo to be very sweet and one dimensional. In five minutes, all I got was cheap vanilla. It might, however, be good for a young lady of perhaps 12.

Cloying, sweet, nondescript powder. The smell is the polar opposite of the elegant, spare packaging. And red? Red isn't the color I think of for this. There's no passion or brightness in this mix. It's more like melted, rainbow colored sherbet mixing with leftover sheet cake.
The opening is all cutie pies and femmey bliss through the wacky/folky Kenzo fashion filter that makes those qualities into an art. The drydown creeps in with a hazy suggestion of freshly turned shrimp cocktail. Opoponax (balsamic and animalic smelling resin), hawthorn (ultra sweet and sharp), and black currant (the cat pee note) are notes that easily read as bodily and profane. Mixed into a modern take on Royal Bain de Caron like Flower, funeralic associations emerge: cheap bouquets and fetid bodies. Also there are ketones given off right before death, and this musk smacks of that scent to me. 

A very morbid review, I realize, and if Flower sustains the pleasure of its opening notes for you and skips out on the heavily disturbing drydown, you're luckier than I was. A perfume that means to be creepy and does it with grace I can take, but this sort of unintentional lipstick on the teeth scenario made for several queasy wearings before Flower was banish'ed. Though I like many scents generally disliked by most people, this one is beyond reprieve: could be summed up as soiled diaper and a rare true case of dead ringer baby powder. But like someone with a flower in place of a brain, I'll probably give this one another try at some point and report back once the extant repeat trauma has faded from memory. It's at least iconic?
On first spraying this, my thought was "Springtime!" but within seconds it morphed into a cloying, green-melon-shampoo smell on me. l couldn't pick out any floral notes, & certainly no opoponax; nothing remotely oriental here. Within the hour, all l could smell on my skin was sugar water. This stage lasted for another 3 hours before it disappeared. l'm not sure who this fragrance is aimed at, but l'd say very young girls might love it. l don't.
I found this composition to be very off balance.  The basenotes are musky and sweet, woodsy even but sort of impersonally generic due to their overly synthetic nature.  It's not bad it's just awkward.  Actually the dry down is probably my favorite part of this fragrance because the cold violet and rose mushiness is not taking over.  Overall, this made me feel frigid.

Less Is more i love the design a single Red flower stem verticly cuting though the clear white bottle.But I Didn't Care for the scent it smell too much like baby power it was to powdery on my skin
I'm afraid this fragrance has caused me some cognitive dissonance, and, judging by the responses here, it seems others feel this, too. Strange how such a "LITE" fragrance--that insidious marketing term is somehow more to the point than that respectable word "light"--can inspire such polarized responses as manifested here.But to say "I love this" or "I hate this" without attempting to analyze the issue does not constitute a genuine review, so I'll endeavour to explain. In the first instance, I find it difficult to comprehend that a fragrance of this sort--so airy, so frightfully floral and sweet, so (dare I say it?) "girly-girl"--can possibly be a floral oriental. An oriental that lacks mystery and darkness strikes me as a self-annihilating contradiction in terms. What would be the point of such a fragrance? I wonder if it was somehow supposed to be "cute," but it doesn't quite work out that way, either. And although I warn my students that "I don't get it" is not a very thoughtful response, I still fail to comprehend just what Flower by Kenzo is trying to be or do.FbK, as far as I can tell, is a rather simple linear floral with a little dose of musk and vanilla tossed in to "sex it up" a bit. Even so, "sexy" is not an adjective that comes to my mind when smelling it. I can see that for some it might be a **useful** fragrance; that is, it's not so powerful as to be overwhelming in the workplace, it's not particularly unique, and it doesn't require a larger-than-life personality to pull it off. I think I could tolerate it on others, but I would find it intolerably cloying on myself; but then again, I've never worked in close proximity with someone who wears it, and I can imagine that continued exposure to this sticky violet/rose confection could become quite, quite irritating.But, ultimately, what we have here is simulacrum as Jean Baudrillard would define it: a copy without an original.  FbK is a recreation of the scent of a flower that has no scent, which furthermore has two completely synthetic notes (hedione and cyclosal) as its basenotes.  It is hardly surprising, then, that it smells like nothing in particular.  Baby powder smells quite natural next to this.Having said all this, I find it hard to like any fragrance so devoid of mystery and personality. It seems to me that these two elements are a large part of what makes wearing perfume desirable in the first place. I don't "hate" it, I simply find it too insipid to feel any extreme emotion about it. The truth is, it's one of the most insipid fragrances I've smelled, and I find insipidity harder to deal with than downright obnoxiousness. Given the choice between FbK and Lanvin's in-your-face too-much-can-kill-you Rumeur, I'll gladly take the latter.
I tried this fragrance a total of three times hoping to like it but honestly I don't.  All I smell is baby powder and pampers.  This reminds me of my children as babies and it is not what I want to smell like also the smell never fades, it lasted and lasted until the next day. 
For me, this smells exactly like baby powder. Not like anything else, just baby powder. It smelled like baby powder when I first put it on 4 hours ago, and at every hesitant sniff ever since, it has continued to smell like baby powder, with maybe a little bit sweeter undertones. Slightly sweet baby powder. Personally, if I wanted to smell like baby powder, I'd rather just buy some baby powder for a buck. But since I hate the smell of baby powder, I won't. Sillage is pretty good, and so is staying power. Lucky me. 
Bought this after smelling the beauty of it on someone else. On them it smelled utterly unique and vibrantly floriental. On me, however, it smelled cloying, powdery and sweet - everything I hate in a perfume. I'd give it 2 stars though, on the basis of how beautiful and head-turning it smells on other people. 
Received a bottle as a gift.  Whadda waste of effort.  On me it smells like violets and powder.  Didn't do a thing for me.

"My mechanic eats cookies in bed!" I'm bemused by this perfumer's attachment to sweets.  This one whomps you over the head with a coconut, or more accurately, a gallon jug of Mounds-Bar filling, thinly underlain with lemon. Over time, the coconut remains, with spices supplanting the lemon.  

Like other Kerosene fragrances, this one poses the question: where is the line between a perfume and a good smell?  If I enjoy the smell of my Trinidadian neighbor's curries, why wouldn't I want to smell like that?   

