positive Masculine citrus.  Sour, breeze-like.  Slight ocean breeze vibe.  Piercing, almost bitter vetiver.  Just a touch of rosy, pink pepper.  Elegantly blended.  The top flows into the heart effortlessly.  I enjoy this!

Bits of spice and mint stand out at times.  The base is smooth incense and woods.  I'd enjoy this on my man.  Well done!
positive Bleu and yellow. Sunny sea fragrance with a lot of citrus. A change for a fragrance that's intended for men. Could easily be worn by women.
positive A true Swiss Army knife of men’s fragrances. Great for just about any occasion, though never the best at any given situation.

Ultimately, a scent that I catch myself trying to get more of as the day wears on.
positive Christian Grey's white shirt, slightly damped with sweat.
positive A true EdP version of the EdT.  Thicker, fuller rounder but less sillage initially.  The difference is this will linger longer and form a nice cloud around you.

I don't necessarily like it better or think it is better than the EdT, you can't go wrong with either.  
positive Cold blue lasers turned
Fresh into fluoriental
Like a Coco Boss.
positive I smelled this trailing off of a younger guy in the establishment that I work in and it smelled really super nice! I'm a perfume snob to the bone and hadn't the slightest clue that this perfume he was wearing was going to be Chanel's Bleu of all the scents in the world, to be totally honest, I could've sworn to a T that he was wearing Al Haramain's Midnight Musk from their Exclusive Collection, it smelled almost exactly like it which is an awesome perfume in and of itself.

I'd like to comment on the sillage of this scent as the voting scale shows that Bleu is kinda weak, I beg to differ. The building that I work in is a large restaurant and all of the a/c intake areas are located in the back, so whenever someone is sitting near the entrance to the back of the house, the HVAC units will pull a nice trail of anyone's scent that's seated near the entrances. Well, I could smell this trailing from way far away in the dish pit which is a ways off although when I was near his table, his scent was not bathed in per se so, it was mild and pleasurable, not 'projecting' if that makes sense, Chanel's Bleu eau de parfum has an incredible sillage, a long one. It's very incensy with lots of amber, really warm smelling, the sillage that is. I loved it to pieces so much that I bought a sample for myself to try out.

My opinion from an outside nose is that this is actually a strong scent which I believe is one of those perfumes that you can never smell on yourself while wearing, thoroughly impressed me.

Edit: Funny story and this is the truth... I had ordered a vintage 80's scent from a seller in Italy of all places and when I had received the package, there was a sample of Bleu eau de parfum in it! I couldn't believe it and had to laugh as I'm kinda floored with this perfume. I have officially given Bleu a few proper wearings and although this scent is completely out of my genre that I usually like to wear, I truly enjoy this scent through and through. It's super smoky, sour and sweet but, these 3 different sensations do not clash, they work together in perfect harmony. Even though this scent 'does' smell blue, I seriously like this a lot.

As another word of caution, Blue eau de parfum is absurdly strong and long lasting so totally disregard that sillage scale up top there as this scent has some serious throw that projects continually at the same exact volume. I believe it is due to a moderate use of Iso E Super which is designed to push out heart and base notes continually which I'm sensitive to, but here it is used correctly and it's just enough that I can handle it unlike in Versace's Eau Fraicheur that's an Iso E Super bomb that Bleu eau de parfum just happens to resemble, 'slightly'. This could be as to why I find this scent über strong and others don't. Some people can sense Iso E Super and some cannot, the ones who cannot tend to find those perfumes that use this particular aroma chemical as weak and for the people who are hyper sensitive to Iso always perceive it as nuclear. Seriously, this is a killer scent but super powerful so apply lightly with maybe 1 spray or else it's instant olfactory fatigue. I feel strongly that over appliers of this kinda perfume will recreate a ghastly sillage, I'm talking to you 3+ sprays kinda guys. I literally wore 1 spray on my chest and it was an experience, I felt like I was almost choking myself for hours, this would probably be way better dabbed then atomized because as mentioned before, Bleu eau de parfum is super potent for endless hours.

Also, this perfume smells like 2 entirely different odors when sniffed up close and from afar. Up close it smells blue, from afar, the sillage that is, it's very warm, lots of amber and smoke which almost smells like a super smooth musk accord with the olfactory color of orange. Do this little test... spray some onto the top of your foot when you're at home and walk around a little, then stand there for a bit and walk around some more. You'll clearly smell the sillage that an outside nose is experiencing. Or better yet, spray some on a card, leave the room for a half hour and go back to that room and you'll experience the amber note in this. Synthetic yes but these are some of the best quality aroma chemicals being used here that have been blended properly. I'm not one to like or even love any kind of synthesized perfume but I'll tell ya, I really do love this scent. It just smells great and has been assembled with skill, nothing was skimped here as far as a designer scent goes. Sometimes I crave this odor, this is truly a fabulous perfume.
positive On my skin BdC EdP projects a huge cloud and lasts all day, so I am confused by some of the performance issues others called out. 

Smells very similar to EdT, just a little darker/deeper in those notes. 
positive I absolutely love this perfume. It was, and currently still is, my #1 favourite perfume to wear.

It has a sweet, jasmine, lightly citrus and minty opening scent. It lingers with a slightly sweet, aquatic, euphoric smell. It lasts on my skin around 1 to 1.5 hours. After that you can detect only trace amounts in the air around me.

All I got was compliments (from both men and women). It's not overpowering and not weak, it's the perfect medium.

In terms of notes, I found it weird that there was patchouli included in it, as I didn't get any scent of that when I had BdC on. I smelled the Jasmine the most and I think that's what I liked about it.


positive Sweet and minty and a little bit aquatic. There's sandalwood to make it more creamy. The wood and frankincense on the basenotes helps to control the sweetness of the citrus, ginger and jasmine. It's enjoyable but I prefer to stay with Green Irish Tweed which does this sandalwood/outdoor scent better IMHO.
positive Edited Review:

A sweet opening that has a note I really like. There's almost a Barbasol shave cream to the opening. In fact, it smells quite a bit like the Jack Black hair and body wash product, which is a very good thing in my book. There's a transition after the first 45 min to an hour, and I'm not as fond of the change as I am of the opening. It takes on a synthetic woods accord in the dry down that just isn't as good as the opening, but it's still not too bad. I do like this fragrance overall and I'm glad to have it in my collection.
positive It's a huge fragrance note party, and we're all invited!

Bleu de Chanel EdP is indeed a deeper, richer take on the original EdT.  Yet it retains a quality of its own, thanks to the large cocktail of ingredients!

Throughout the day, the fragrance seems to wear different "masks" depending on my skin temp and general environmental conditions - in an almost eerily living way.  The tangy notes of grapefruit and bergamot continually appear when I'm experiencing hotter skin temps, then the scent returns back to a peppery, gingery, woody quality reminiscent of Lagerfeld's Jako (which I'm not a huge fan of).  Bleu de Chanel EdP comes off as a skin scent in terms of sillage; the EdT appears to have a better "reach".

This fragrance shimmers through so many notes interplaying with one another in a semi-unpredictable way. It's not a "blue" scent as one would expect of, say, Kenzo or Bulgari Blu.  It is a hybrid formulation that is hard to pin down and different than other scents out there now; hats off to Chanel for the adventurous endeavor in constructing Bleu de Chanel EdP as a classy, reformulated flanker.

I can't say this would be my first choice of scents to wear in a crunch (compared even to the EdT, which seems more stable and accessible).  

So to me, this fragrance is good, versus AWESOME.
positive Love this stuff and it gets a ton of compliments from the ladies.
positive If you want something more serious than the conventional edt, this is the perfect go! Wish the sillage could be a little better though. Sometimes in warm days it does randomly perform like a beast however, but that is only sometimes.
positive It is a beautiful fragrance. Bleu de Chanel EdP is a real olfactory revolution.
Chapeau Monsieur Polge et Chanel!

positive This is BdC EDT's mature older brother. Opens up with grapefruit, and immediately you'll notice how much deeper, smoother, and richer the EDP is compared to the EDT. As it dries down, the amber & incense combo starts to take over. 
These notes are much more pronounced in the EDP, resulting in a more sophisticated fragrance.

This fragrance is versatile as well, just like the EDT, but it feels more suited for a more "formal" & "night time" setting.

The only issue I have with the EDP is this turns into a skin scent fairly quickly.

Scent: 8.5/10
Sillage: Below Average
Longetivity: Good
positive 
Not much to say here because this is exactly what Chanel claims it is: Chanel Bleu Eau de Parfum is a stronger, richer, longer-lasting version of Bleu de Chanel.  There are some differences between the two, but those distances fall well within the parameters of a genuine Chanel-Bleu-Intense-concept.  If you, like me, enjoyed and purchased Bleu de Chanel, you will likely enjoy this one.  It is an excellent fragrance.  

Me?  I’m perfectly satisfied with Bleu de Chanel. If I run out of it, or if I suddenly decide that it’s about the only fragrance I want to wear (not a chance!), I will purchase Chanel Bleu Eau de Parfum.  I likely won’t be buying because I am content with what I have and do not foresee using up my bottle. Plus I would rather spend my money on a couple of Chanel Les Exclusifs.

positive Smells like the edt version. The difference is that the edp version is slightly darker and richer. This has a slight wood note as well. Nice. 8/10

negative Disappointingly thin elevator guy type scent with no sillage and short duration. 

The idea is nice (aftershave), but the execution is sub par and an insult to the price tag.

One upside is that it's less synthetic smelling than the EdT.


2/5
negative This is a completely different beast to the delightfully frothy and tangy EDT.
Even the opening blast is sultry giving a grudging nod to the freshness of the EDT. It then settles down into something mildly synthetic and fougerie morphing into slightly metallic then settling into pure pepper on a bed of faded petals, fortunately with the pepper mellowing over time otherwise it would have necessitated a wash off situation.
I was hoping for a more mature and meaningful version of the EDT.
Nope. Just boring and generic.

Fragrance: 2/5
Projection: 3.5/5
Longevity: 3.5/5
negative  I can't believe this is from Chanel.It opens with a nice citrus and vetiver that drys down to a powdery amber scent.Very little longevity and silliage.A safe and generic smelling frag.At this price I was expecting something a little more imaginative and unique.

neutral A definite improvement on the edt (which was a thumbs down for me for its unwearable synthetic scratchiness). 

Compared side-by-side with the edt, the edp is noticeably more smoky/incensy, but I don’t find this evident when worn without the edt for comparison. The rough edges have been smoothed in the edp and it’s a much more enjoyable wear.

It’s clean smelling and versatile, but ultimately unexciting. I imagine people would ask you what body wash you use and not what fragrance you’re wearing. There’s nothing wrong with that, but nothing exceptional about it either. 
neutral Very pleasant fragrance.  After wearing a few times..just not 'me'.  I have taken it out of my rotation and looking for a new home for the bottle.  Only wore maybe 4 times with 4 sprays each.
neutral This is pleasant to smell, decent.
None offensive, office and every occasion wear. 

Opens very fresh and citrusy.
Then goes into the woody incense stage which is ok.

Nothing ground breaking, but deffo worth a try.

Scent 7- 10
Projection 5- 10
Sillage 5 - 10

Around 5 hours on me before skin scent

neutral Just like the original....Totally boring and uninspiring! 
neutral I said my piece on the whys and wherefores of the Bleu de Chanel (2010) line on the entry for the original eau de toilette that launched it, and despite every indication from the learned and scrupled crowd of male fragrance connoisseurs here on Basenotes pointing toward Bleu de Chanel being a vapid generalist sell-out, the overall effect of wearing the late coming Chanel entry into the aquatic genre by making a non-aquatic blue juice was actually pleasurable. Granted, an aquatic is an aquatic is an aquatic, even if it technically is not, as all the myriad children of Davidoff Cool Water (1988) have a very narrowly-defined blueprint to which they must adhere whether they have an aquatic note or not, if they wish to be recognizable for what they are to the layman, and that makes even Chanel's uncommonly sophisticated entry still a victim of the "if you're not a beer drinker" argument that states if you don't like the style, Bleu de Chanel still won't change your mind. With that having been said, taking the alternative concentrations route instead of the flankers route was a surprising move for Chanel here with Bleu de Chanel Eau de Parfum (2014), as everyone just so intently expected a sport, intense, eau fraîche, la nuit, or something other than just an eau de parfum option of the best-selling masculine. If you know anything about Chanel's practices with concentrations as per what they usually do with their feminine lines, you'll probably have already guessed that this is a slightly different composition and not just more perfume oil. Chanel had initially done this with masculines too right around the end of the 20th century, with entries like Chanel Pour Monsieur Eau de Toilette Concentrée (1989) or Égoïste Cologne Concentrée (1992), but it hasn't been since then that something like what we have here has appeared.

Four years after the release of the original mega-popular Bleu de Chanel, comes this EdP, and there still wasn't much competition then since Prada Luna Rossa (2012) didn't really light anyone's world on fire, plus we were still a year away from the launch of Dior Sauvage (2015), the biggest challenger Bleu de Chanel has in the ambroxan and norlimbanol loudness wars. The composition to the EdP therefore doesn't feel like a marked improvement or variation from the original release, much like Égoïste Cologne Concentrée wasn't much different from the original Égoïste (1990), but had a few of it's graphic equalizer sliders moved up a few notches while a few others are slid down. In practical terms, this means a similar but dialed-down opening achieved by a few top notes being moved to the heart for sustain, then more notes stuffed into the heart, which is where eau de parfums work hardest, then a shuffled-around base to make the dry down feel differently than in the eau de toilette to (attempt to) warrant a purchase. Drier and lighter notes like lemon and bergamot, join the peppermint in the top, while grapefruit, vetiver and pink pepper move downstairs to live in the middle here alongside the nutmeg, labadanum, and cedar, with jasmine and ginger also intensified a bit. The only new addition to the composition is an old-fashioned composite amber accord, which provides a vanillic sweetness that hides the scratchy harshness otherwise caused by ramped-up ambroxan and norlimbanol, which is something later perfumes in this style by other houses would seldom even try to do at all. Sillage is lower than the EdT but the burn is expectedly longer on skin, but is it really better? No, and in fact, I find this iteration of the 2010's Chanel masculine pillar to be less dynamic and therefore less interesting.

I've always sort of felt that the very nature of "blue juices" goes against them lending themselves well to being perfumes. Colognes or toilet waters in a synthetic but breezy crisp style definitely have their place and have obviously resonated with the general public for three decades now, but their lightness is actually where their appeal lies, and to take that away is to doom their effectiveness as what they're intended to be. Simply put, Bleu de Chanel Eau de Parfum is a freshie that isn't fresh, and there will never be wisps of that effervescent and bouncy top past the opening 15 minutes like there is with the original eau de toilette, just a DMV waiting room of sweet florals, spices and synthetic base notes meant to simulate the comfort of real woods and animalics like cedar or ambergris, and it's all very "Glade Plug-In" at that point once the top is neutered on their behalf. If Chanel had wanted this to work better, they should have asked Jacques Polge to just totally reinvent it as a new scent like he did with Pour Monsieur Eau de Toilette Concentrée, which is a warmer, richer, altogether different experience than the original Chanel Pour Monsieur (1955) from Henri Robert. This isn't bad, but has the olfactive effect of digitally remastering an album to be louder, squishing the dynamic range in the process, and losing both crisp highs and deep bass to clipping in favor of terrorizing you with a crackly midrange vocal track which makes even the best set of speakers sound like a muzac system in the very same DMV mentioned above. Come on Chanel, you know better. More of a "good" thing isn't always what we want.
neutral This scent is safe. This scent is familiar and not terribly inventive.

The opening is sweet, a kind of fruity musk. There's a purple Starburst somewhere in my childhood. BDC EDP smells just like that at the onset.

Beyond that it dries into something a bit metallic, a bit generic. I detect an ambroxan that isn't listed in the notes. It fits in the same bucket as Sauvage, ADG Profumo, and Dylan Blue. I think it's near the bottom of these types of fragrance.

The EDP isn't too far from the EDT, so comparisons between the two don't carry much weight with me. This seems to be about the same in its scent profile but with a better performance.

Again, it is safe, and it works in most situations.

Wear it to work, wear it day or night, wear it socially. 

This is the kind of fragrance worn by someone who only owns one fragrance.

Scent: 4/10

Longevity: 7/10

Sillage: 8/10
neutral I really do not get on with this style of perfume. A good, interesting opening, the "blue" nicely executed in marine notes, ginger, and pepper. But after that... suffocating and uniform. Where are the Chanels that make a statement?
neutral I will be harsh to this scent. Probably do not deserve this, but Chanel for me is going the wrong direction with male fragrances..

Originality of scent is way to alike modern smells not maybe with composure but with a philosophy how it should smell.

Opening is blast of citrus/bergamot/peper and although it is nice smell it can be unpleasant because of combination citrus and peper.
In middle of life of perfume is actually is most quality of this scent, such a nice balanced combination of notes.

Plus ofc is longevity of perfume which is on the level you want of this smell and silage is maybe more for clubs, to be noticed. This last maybe kill the option for work but in big space is ok.

Maybe if this did not have mark of Chanel could be no. 1 hit but really I except something unique from this house on the level Egoist and Antaeus.     
neutral To me this smells like a locker room at the gym. But not any gym! A fancy one. It's like a really posh, well constructed shower gel. Very fresh and clean but ultimately, very generic. 
positive Modern & Sophisticated...

So, I tried the <i>Eau de Parfum</i> version before trying the <i>Eau de Toilette</i>, but I have since tried both side by side. My impression of this one is that it is definitely "woodier". It starts off with grapefruit and incense, much like the <i>Eau de Toilette</i>, however I would say that this one starts off where the <i>Eau de Toilette</i> heart and dry-down occur. So it has less of the bright, citrus top-notes and more of the woodier, mossier notes. I also detect vetiver and amber. There is less of the pink pepper, sparkling grapefruit opening of the <i>Eau de Toilette</i>. This is why when I think of this I think I would use it for more formal events.

Overall, with this <i>Eau de Parfum</i> I think of this as the "night" version of <i>Bleu de Chanel</i>. It strikes me as something more formal, compared to the casual, more versatile, laid-back nature of the <i>Eau de Toilette</i>. This is the version I would choose between the two, just based on my initial experience. But each version has it's merits. I think this would be great for any formal event which requires a man to wear a suit, or dress code. Perfect on a date, and for a man with wealth and experience. Extremely good effort by <i>Chanel</i> with this one.

positive Like the original but smooth and more intense.
positive Deeper, richer and more dense than the EDT. Is it better though? EDT has its own charm and merits. EDT is more sharp and brash and that's what I actually like about it.

EDP is more of a gentleman when compared to the EDT.
Are they both great? Depends. They're generics, simple fragrances done well. That's actually ok!

Are they both worthy of collecting? Yes, absolutely. Still I prefer EDT but just for a margin.

Originality 4/10
Scent 8/10
Longevity 8/10
Projection 7/10
positive Indeed better then the EDT do not like that one,but this is amazing stuff much richer and smoother and more of a gentleman version...
positive An amazing scent.  Very unique IMHO and a top 10 in my assortment of EDTs and EDPs in my collection.  My wife bought it for me on our wedding day and it is by far her favorite as well. High quality scent great opening (I can really smell the peppermint, vetiver and grapefruit) well blended with the woody notes. Projection is above average with about 4 hours of solid wafting.  After wearing for 7 hours it is a close to the skin scent. Enjoy.
positive Bleu de Chanel EdP, is a slightly richer , more rounded version of the EdT.  I like both versions, but prefer the EdP.  The main difference to me is that the citrus in the opening is not quite as sharp and the base is less powdery.  Overall the EdP seems deeper and slightly richer, but that's really quite a subtle perception between the two.  Unlike some reviews, I can't see any reason to own both, but my instinct in scents isn't quite as well refined as others.

Elegant, masculine, lady pleasing.  A must for any wardrobe, IMO.
positive Bleu De Chanel is a well rounded, unashamedly masculine fragrance with a crowd pleasing opening which then veers into a darker mix of vetiver, incense and mint, all kept polite by a dash of amber. It is a great introduction to fragrance development for people starting out in this hobby. The ingredients are high-quality and it performs well.

It is basically a vetiver fragrance with flair. Nothing wrong with that.

I see Bleu De Chanel and Dior Homme heading different directions for mens fragrance. I prefer the more masculine of the two. Bleu stands the best chance of stopping the unisex trend in men's fragrance, a trend that is responsible for abominations like Polo Red.
positive This is much more thicker, deeper, smoother and softer variation of  Bleu de Chanel than EDT, the most describing adjective is imo more SENSUAL - more quiet and lacks the sharp edges of the EDT . It's a very nice variation and can be worn at the same time with the EDT.  I get more woodiness and amber than EDT and maybe some tonka (?) as well.  The longevity is slightly better than in the EDT but projection and sillage are like typical for an EDP, toned down, this works closer to skin.
The relation and idea between Bleu EDT and EDP is comparable with Allure Homme Sport EDT and AHS Eau Extreme.

I like the idea of owning both EDT and EDP of this one, because they both smell really gorgeus but work in a different way - one can choose to wear whichever suits more to the specific time, place, situation and the mood of the wearer, or even wear they both at the same time -  both receive full 5 stars for me and I count them to the masterpieces of Jaques Polge, the perfumer.

The 150 ml bottle can be bought for about 100 euros, likewise Allure Homme Sport Eau Extreme.  Any other bottle size is overpriced if you calculate the price/ML ratio, this applies to fragrances in general of course, but especially in Chanel ones.
positive Bleu de Chanel EdP is a delicious blend of wood and spice that has good projection, is long-lasting and smells the same on skin and cloth. I rate it highly and thoroughly recommend it to those with a soft spot for woody fragrances.

negative Terrible and synthetic nightmare. The worst Chanel fragrance ever released. I'm really scared if they're going to continue making such "scents".

Indeed, what you can smell in here is plastic, kind of melted plastic. Reminds me a lot of Paco Rabanne Invictus, this one is thicker and less "fresh".

The worst Chanel I've ever tried in my whole life, no joke.
negative just imagine the edt opening for several minutes than a plasticky nightmare drydown sets in

positive I often find myself asking "would I wear this but for the hype?" I still don't know the answer to this.  I wore this on my wedding day.  I narrowed down to 5 different scents and went with this one b/c a guy said it's the sexiest of scents.  

This scent does not equal sexy to me.  It equals playful and young.  (I married at 40).  I don't mean it's immature....I mean that you can be mature and wear this and you won't smell old. (hope that makes sense).  This is the opposite of scents that I gravitate towards.  I like heavy, chypre, oriental scents.  I basically like to smell like what I imagine Joan Collins smelling like on dynasty. But this scent fills a need for me.  It fills that sweet spot while being sophisticated at the same time. The complexity is astounding.  

Some say it's polarizing.  They say they smell it everywhere.  I don't.  I have only smelled this scent on me.  The longevity and silliage are both insane.  This just keeps going and going and going.  I think it can be worn anytime of year, but feels too "happy" for fall and winter for me.  But if I need a pick me up during those months this is for sure something I would reach for.  
positive Salted sugary cotton candy with something alluring and seductive. The more I wear it the more I am seduced by the sweet unique smell. I cannot help but like it. 
positive 5/5 without question. Worth the hype. It's everything I want in a fragrance when I go out. It's distinctive, sexy and projects powerfully.

Yes it's completely synthetic, yes you'll probably smell it all the time at high-end restaurants in Beverly Hills now and yes it's 100% worth it's price.

Performance is fantastic. I have jackets where this is still lingering 2 weeks later, in the best way possible. Projection is second to none.
positive Just tried this for the first time and woww... 

Everything I heard about this scent is what sparked my interest in perfumery again earlier this year, after nearly a decade. In fact, before I heard of this scent I didn't know Kurkdjian has his own fragrance house. Bought it not soon after the discovery, yet I refrained from trying it for over half a year, until now.

This is really something guys. And I'm critical towards MFK, believe me (or read my reviews). The opening is smooth and sweet, mandarin ambery and resinous, like a lightweight (frank)incense. 

As if there's liquid incense mixed with orange blossom honey. The incense vibe seems perfectly integrated with the orange, that to me also comes across as orange blossom. 

In the drydown the orange makes way and you get like only the best, masculine notes that are in Tabac (leather, wood, ambergris). The leatheriness stemming only from something oak moss contains, evernyl. Yielding a fine, powdery leather. Seems MFK picked exactly those (sub)notes which is perfect! Thanks to Baccarat Rouge 540 I can now also confirm the ambergris note in Tabac as I've never smelled it by itself. It's stronger in here though (the ambergris). As expected: fir balsam and ambroxan being present and highlighting it. 

BR540 is not a linear scent, it's turbulent! I don't think I've experienced that before in a way where such unpredictability is... laudable and must be 'calculated' so to speak. 

I like it a lot. I don't see any particular incense note in it now that I'm checking the notes. It must be the fir resin and the marigold. After looking up what marigold actually is I only have one drawback, a personal flashback and that is that I've smelled this flower as a kid and it doesn't particularly smell good. If I hadn't looked marigold up however, I wouldn't have recognized it. It feels so in place in here, unbelievable.

positive From October, 2016:

Baccarat Rouge seems almost too simple at first. You get a light whiff of something sweet--a vague cotton candy note over a nondescript synthetic woods, and an odd off-note that smells strangely like glue and...that's it. It seems unfinished. Incomplete and empty. Flat. But then you wear it again a couple more times and suddenly it opens itself up to you. The sweetness becomes addicting, bolder and harder to label. It's not like cotton candy at all really. The woodiness holding it together develops a fuzzy texture and you notice its tenaciousness on your skin and that its deeper than you first perceived. The fir resin becomes the star of the show, presenting something more in line with the sweet sap of a pine tree than an artificial candy. Beneath it there is a warm, alluring nuttiness that permeates the scent. It jumps out even more on fabric causing your shirt to smell wonderful. It blends with the sweet and I'm reminded of Boston Baked Beans.The next time you wear Baccarat Rouge the jasmine shows up, adding a new dimension to the opening, a pretty touch of florals to help balance the sweet woody aroma that dominates. Suddenly, the fragrance is not as simple as you'd first thought. This is an addictive smell that gets better and better the more you wear it. It's a compliment magnet. I haven't met one person who dislikes it on me and in fact I've received positive comments from complete strangers (which almost never happens to me). It seems to genuinely make people happy and draw them in. When you wear this, you'll catch wafts of it throughout the day, and you'll think "mmmm...something smells really good," and at first you might not even realize it's you. The same happened to me when I began wearing Amyris Homme. But then you realize that indeed, the smell is coming from you, and more specifically, from Baccarat Rouge. Then you're hooked. It's been chided for being cloying and overly-sweet and synthetic, but I actually find the composition to be on the subtle side. It's no shrinking violet but it's not loud in any way, and it's not obnoxious. Its different aspects reveal themselves patiently, everything's not upfront and in your face. Sample this, to see if it has the same effect on you, but be sure to wear it at least two times. I recommend three. Baccarat Rouge is quickly becoming a favorite of mine. It's a pleasure to wear and it seems to be received remarkably well. Thumbs up!

UPDATE: It's August, 2019, and I still love this stuff. Even more, in fact. 
positive I am more on the side of like for Baccarat Rouge 540. I disagree with the hospital or dentist vibe which many have claimed, but I do agree with what others have said about the funfair aura this fragrance emits. When smelling Baccarat Rouge 540 I immediately think of the funfair: toffee apples and candy floss, surrounded by traditional Gypsy caravans immobile on the cobbled streets. I get the feeling of being outdoors on a cold evening encompassed by wood, stone and confectioneries: yes, the funfair! 
positive This is on my Mt. Rushmore.  I'll admit it's a bit sweeter than I typically lean, but just the same, it's performance and attraction are undeniable. 
positive The most delicious pair of rubber gloves you ever smelled.

It stands out.  Leans feminine. 
positive Do not allow yourselves to be tricked
By this notoriously excellent and highly unorthodox fragrance
That's pretending to be something else.

Second opinion:

Somebody mixed up
Earth, air, fire and water in
The wrong proportions.

Third opinion:

I refuse to buy
Stolen information, this
Tire fire in heaven.

Fourth opinion:

Olfactive psy-op
To make us sympathize with
Burning museums.

Fifth opinion:

Divine trickery
Mixing up good and evil
In new-fangled ways.

Sixth opinion:

We may not need whales or oceans any longer for the sake of perfumery, but this fragrance shows that we owe them both a debt of eternal gratitude.

Seventh opinion:

Repeat after me:
Radical abundance is
Gonna be some fun.
positive Lovely composition.  A sweet, crisp, elegant, and satisfying treat to wear.  
positive This is a stunning fragrance. It's almost as if you have this fruity/sugary/strawberry/light woody smell that you can't quite get to because it is enclosed in a bubble of water. Sounds weird but if you have tried it you will know what I mean. Someone once told me while I was wearing BR that it was the most wonderful thing they had ever smelt. 

Very elegant, Very classy & Very sophisticated. Lasts forever! 


positive Mmm... Baccarat Rouge 540 is fabulous. It is crisp and clean and lasts longer than you do. The burnt sugar accord is very prominent and reminds me of Josh Meyer/Imaginary Authors Saint Julep without the mint, just a little in the opening. Baccarat Rouge however feels and smells nicer in my opinion. I'm also reminded of another fragrance as BR 540 dries down, and that's Slumberhouse's Sadanne. There's something that smells similar to me. Baccarat Rouge 540 is much more subtle than Sadanne, but there is something similar to my nose anyway.  I believe it may be the coniferous Fir Balsam note, as Sadanne definitely has the sweet aspect like BR540, with a coniferous aspect as well in it's dry down. Baccarat Rouge is smooth and feels incredibly well blended. I'm thoroughly enjoying this in such a way that I know I'm going to want a full bottle. The burnt sugar is lightly tinged with a floral softness that never becomes overbearing. It's a perfect balance between the sugar, florals, citrus, aroma chemicals, cedar and fir balsam as far as I can tell. It is quite linear, but increases in conifer and decreases just a bit in sweetness as it lasts and lasts, causing you to smell like a much classier dude than you really are. This one hits all the marks for me. It will be in my wardrobe eventually.
positive Bit more of a personal perfume than a room-filling announcement. 

I like it because it's smooth, simple, and sweet. It lasts a good long while. Is it worth $300? Eh, I dunno. But I love the cachet and the branding, so... sure! 

I purchased the 10mlx5 travel vial set with the golden atomizer from the MFK site in France for $235 and am quite pleased with my good deal.

This is an excellent "I don't know what I want to wear, but I want to smell good" perfume. It's like a refined, crisp white shirt paired with a good pair of jeans.

It is linear, but it's more expensive than what the other girls are throwing on from Sephora, so while it may be basic, at least it isn't common.

I hope this will be my go-to "I don't know what to wear, so I'll wear this" perfume for quite some time. It's just... easy.
positive I was really surprised with this one. Before I visited MFK section for trying A la rose, I didn't imagine that I will bring Baccarat at the spot. 

I think this one is very special... even the bottle has very special mood among MFK products. It smells like sugar, caramel and leather - very subtle and hard to explain its specialty. It is certainly sweet mood for the first time, but I can feel sophisticated layers in it.  

I think this one is extremely good for cold seasons. Because of its longevity, I often feel good when taking my coat off after coming back home. Highly recommended. 
positive This is ALMOST a teeny-bopper fragrance, gourmand, sweet sugar fragrance but there is something that pushes it into a more sophisticated league.  If I was marketing this, I'd put it in a "Hello Kitty" bottle. Just saying...
positive This one deserves more love... I don't get how people can actually dislike this fragrance ! It is a MASTERPIECE.

The scent is out of this world, if you are into sweet "cotton candy vibe" fragrances this is probably the best out there with Acqua e Zucchero from Profumum Roma.

The sillage with this one is stellar. The longevity aswell.

You might think that it is gone after a while but trust me, this fragrance is BEASTMODE and will easily fill a room without you noticing it.

Since it might not be for everyone, I would not recommand you to blind buy this, sample it first :)

Best wow factor/compliment getter from total strangers aswell. Enormous thumbs up for BR540 !
positive Roasted coffee mixed with that condensed milk smell from Angel, topped with flowers and mint instead of the lavender you usually get with perfumes like this, so the roasted coffee is at the forefront.

It's not bad, and I'm giving it a thumbs up, but there's no way to review this without mentioning the mountains of hype surrounding it.  I smelled it back when it was $4000 and was shocked that it didn't even bother to try to smell expensive.  There's no upfront expensive ingredients, and it's actually quite weak in concentration. 

I cannot even fathom paying $4000 for this, and honestly, it's overpriced in its $300 bottle as well.  The advertising and in-store hoopla around Rouge 540, treating it as the second coming of perfume, a world-changing arrival of new levels of luxury, is just laughably grotesque considering this is just another remix of Angel that's not as good as Angel.  It's worth a sniff and if you've got the money, you could certainly do worse, but don't believe the hype...

negative Don't understand the hype about this fragrance. It smells like bubblegum with smoke or something with it. Way too sweet and cloying. I prefer Grand Soir and especially the wonderful and beautiful Oud Satin Mood to this.

3.5/5
negative I first smelled Baccarat Rouge on paper and got a huge glug of that candy floss and burnt sugar chemical so beloved of celebuscents and something that shouted BERRY in a vocodered voice. So far so like the ultra-sweet gourmands that many young women wear these days that will choke any available stairwell or elevator, but this one seemed buffed to a sheen, and a blotter with a single spray seemed to keep calling to me from the far end of the room. Not the kind of thing I normally go for but it seemed to hold promise. Could Kurkdjian have offered us something addictive and startling in this most trashy of genres? 
But on skin, disaster could not be averted, for alongside the sweetie cloud there was a pervasive iodine and ozone hospital corridor smell and a sharp metallic clang that put my teeth on edge. Here it seems was the woody amber from hell, hell-bent on giving aromachemicals a bad name.  I think it is aiming for some kind of dense yet transparent trick but ends up as widescreen soup with bits in it that you wish rather weren’t. Pretty linear and stretches from here to eternity. 

negative Another overhyped dud that has me thinking the fragrance community is nuts.

On my skin anyway, this fragrance is pointless.

I get a very faint, slightlg sweet/medicinal/mint type of scent, that doesn't project much. It's a muted skin scent from the onset and doesn't get much better I'm assuming (washed it off after a couple hours).

Smh @ the hype for this fragrance. I wouldn't pay $2 for this, let alone $200 for 75ml.
negative Nope, not a fan. I can barely tolerate thorough sampling to give a fair review. I really like the idea of this scent. Saffron is a favorite note, and the listed base including fir and ambergris sounds wonderful. Unfortunately, what I get is a fizzy, super-synthetic spiced floral cola opening accord (not a bad thing in an of itself) backed by a nuclear burnt sugar, Windex and metal accord (which most definitely is a bad thing in and of itself). 

I may be sensitive to an aromachemical in here somewhere, but I am not exaggerating when I say this is strongly unpleasant, and borderline revolting to my nose. 

Strong thumbs down. 
negative Opening for this is very pretty and you certainly get a sense of solidified burnt sugar, crushed back into granules.
And then to my nose, not much else happens here. It is certainly different, but the one thing that makes this a no for me is something in the base. I will have to guess it is the fir balsam. I am getting something stale and sour and not enjoying it at all.
The way this thing was hyped last year may have contributed to my disappointment here.
Tested from official MFK sample purchased on website.

neutral The longevity and silage, for me, were greater than I have experienced on most other fragrances - 1/2 sprays really does plenty for the day. It really lingers on fabrics too, even smelt it on my cuff after washing a shirt!! 
If these were the only factors in evaluating this fragrance, it would get 10/10. I can't emphasise enough how crazy the silage is!!! Everyone around you will smell it.

Despite this, the actual smell of BR540 became sickly for me very quickly. Maybe I overused it when first purchasing, I don't know, but I no longer wear it due to the highly synthetic sweetness. The entirely-synthetic makeup is one of a kind, but not a big hit for me. It definitely smells better in the masses of silage it leaves behind, but on me personally it gives me a headache and I have to wash it off. I get a mixed array of compliments, from 'it's too feminine' to 'you smell incredible!!'.

The story behind this fragrance as well as the how it's made is the real uniqueness here; I would urge anyone to try it if they see a tester bottle when next shopping in store. Overall I am pleased I tried this fragrance, but I would not buy another bottle at the current retail of £200/70mL. Other MFK fragrances such as Amyris EDP, Grand Soir and Oud are much better!!!
neutral A very light fragrance, to start.  It's more like a whisper.  The most noticeable notes are saffron and marigold.  It's a lovely combo.  Then, only the lightest hint of jasmine.

This frag stays light.  The middle is a cross between vague, outdoorsy, country aromas and a delicate flower vibe...  It then turns almost sickeningly sweet but, still light and airy.  It's like burnt sugar and burned leaves...  Is this supposed to be so vague and "airy"?  It's like the mysterious, floor-level mist that surrounds and partly obscures, the nefarious eggs, in the movie Alien.  It's there - then it moves as I move.

The burnt sugar / leaf thing settles down and I'm left smelling sweet, wooden piles of woodchips.  The scent is still light, hazy, hovering.  A slight balsamic buzz occurs, too.  It's a ghost of a fragrance...  It lasts only four hours, too.
neutral Baccarat Rouge 540 (2014) is a fairly divisive and hyped perfume made by Francis Kurkdijan for the house of Baccarat, a revered glassmaker that unlike Lalique, never really tangled much with perfume outside a brief stint in the 1990's. Kurkdijan's creation was originally paraded around in a special coffret and sold directly by Baccarat until 2015 when Kurkdijan was allowed to release it under his Maison Francis Kurkdijan vanity label. Baccarat Rouge 540 is a purely synthetic creation, with all notes implied rather than denoting ingredients, and smells like a lot of different things at different times. The key to it's controversy among fragrance enthusiasts is the wildly variable performance due to these synthetics, which with their purity combined with the olfactory sensitivity or stamina of the wearer, can result in day-long enjoyment or evaporation in minutes.

If you look past the extremely high potential of anosmia Baccarat Rouge 540 has, it is a rather novel perfume, being a "sweet nothing whispered in ear" but in scent form. The opening is best described as a candied floral, with jasmine and saffron tones adding some dirty indolic spice to the yellow flowery sweetness of blood orange and tagetes. The heart is pure ambrox super and evernyl, each being an isolate molecule of ambergris and oakmoss respectively, imparting a rounded buttery warmth that causes much of the olfactory fatigue users complain about. The base is vanilla and woody amber molecules from norlimbanol and an old-school amber compound base whipped up with a wizardly number of captives with chemical names I'm not pedantic enough to list. You get a "rouge" tone throughout the scent's unstable life, and will catch whiffs of it all day without any steady throbbing sillage to enjoy. I'd imagine this is discreet enough for a signature but I find it too sweet for hot weather.

I don't love nor hate Baccarat Rouge 540, but fall into the group of people who can't perceive it for long due to the intensity of the aromachemicals at play. It's an enjoyable floral gourmand oriental experiment while it lasts, but then all goes poof, and for the price of $300USD for 75ml to own a fragrance that I could only tangibly enjoy for the first 15 minutes, I'm not sold. That doesn't mean MFK as a luxury house is without value, as there are a good number of inventive scents made by the "Maestro of Le Mâle", I just count this one as more show than go. If you're one of the lucky people with whom this clicks, power to you and I have no complaints, but if I wanted to wear disappearing ink, I'd just get some from the magic shop for a lot less than MFK wants for this. Solid neutral. 
neutral I can't believe I am writing a review for this stuff, given how much I hated this when I first tried it. I am no lover or liker of sweet scents, so my initial reaction is unsurprising.

This is really were perfumery breaks the boundaries of harvesting fragrance from flowers or extracting essences from natural sources. Baccarat Rouge 540 is pure and simple synthetic from top to bottom.

There is no development here. The scent is literally a very sweet candy floss note (caramelised brown sugar) with ambrox.

So why am I reviewing this scent? The answer is a very firm "I have no idea!". What I do know is that I just keep coming back to it. I still don't like the sweetness, but it is addictive and if it keeps saying to your mind "come back and smell me" it has to be a good thing.

I am holding back giving it top marks though as it has to be said that there is nothing natural about this. The marketing blurb suggests a note of saffron, but I simply detect a highly sweetened strawberry-like note. That's not saffron. It's a bit like how you get strawberry-flavoured yoghurts, which might well be pleasant, but taste nothing like strawberry, yet you keep wanting more.

That said and not being an oud fan, this is clearly one of the brand's better creations to my nose. Is it worth the asking price? I'll let you be the judge of that.
neutral Genre: Woods

Well, this is odd. 

I must be anosmic to most of what’s in here, because all I can smell is an enormous blast of undiluted Ambroxan. Take the synthetic "ambergris" base note from Green Irish Tweed, amplify it by the power of ten, and that's what I get from Baccarat Rouge. The extrait smells the same to me, though it might wear slightly closer to the skin. I’m honestly not sure what to think…

neutral I do not really enjoy wearing this one. There something interesting in the smell that keeps me from giving it a thumbs down. I imagine I might like the smell coming from someone else. On me, it's too much, and not pleasant. It's sort of a slightly-burnt caramel smell, with something such as the listed balsam fir note mixed in. 
neutral Stardate 20170629:

I remember sampling it in Bergdorf a year or so ago (2016) and it was more ambery saffrony and red. But the official sample is lighter and transparent. Perhaps things have changed with this one. My review is for the current version.
It is a  fairly simple italian style cologne with a sweet ambery base. Think AdP Colonia with touch of Jasmine up top and some amber and perhaps saffron and some musk.   
It is decent but pricey. Slight thumbs up
neutral Beauty is in the eye of the Beholder. Personally,  this one is not for me. A little too sweet and feminine for my taste. On the other hand I can see why folks would appreciate 540. 

Quality notes, just not blended correctly IMO. MFK could have done without the orange note. It doesn't fit in with the other notes.
positive The value of Baccarat Rouge 540 depends on whether one values the "raw ingredients" or "the artistry" involved.

I personally think that this is a super sophisticated and unique fragrance. Very well done.

Artistic interpretation:
Beautiful shimmering fragrance that smells like the reflection of glass or metal. Can feel both cooling or warming sensation depending on the whiff you get. It is both transparent and dense at the same time.

Wow, Francis Kurkdjian managed  to bottle the smell and sensation of crystals. Amazing!

Technical interpretation:
Sweet woody amber with citrus (tangerine)overlay that is cotton candy-like. Stays sweet through out. Not the worth price because of the synthetics involved.


positive I love it. Doesn't get the love it deserves. Some say it's too sweet or too feminine. I can name a lot more fragrances men wear, that come across way too Feminine.
The floral aspect in minimal. I get more wood. So I would say it's an oriental Woody. Well done by Mr. Kurkdjian.
positive Lots of fruit and florals with really good projection.  I only sprayed a few sample sprays and kept catching whiffs for hours and I liked what I smelled.  Wife said I smelled "too feminine" at first but then, later on said I smelled like "birthday cake".  Best way to describe it is cotton candy flowers.
positive Kurkdjian excels at creating well turned-out perfumes. Smooth, seamless perfumes with lovely olfactory shapes and pleasant profiles. Of course, he also makes Cologne and Absolue pour le Soir, two of the dirtiest roses available, so he’s not limited to olfactory pleasantry. Still, most of the Maison Francis Kurkdjian perfumes have a mannered quality. Where various perfume lines promise Arabian fantasy or minimalism or narrative, MFK offers the comfort of normalcy. Only better. MFK gives us the mainstream, but with a perfection that negates the inherent dullness found in middle of the road.

Take the Amyrises. They are luxe versions of what you might find on the department store fragrance counters at any given moment—they are designed to be. They might not draw your attention at a distance, but up close the fit looks just too good to be off-the-rack. They balance a prim detachment with a wink to let you know that there’s more here than just an idealized designer perfume.

Baccarat shares the refined, muted quality of the Amyrises but not their designer style. It is more abstract and uncluttered. The polish, the precious-metal glow that many of Kurkdjian’s perfumes have is there, but the shape is less conventional. It riffs on a mainstream sensibility, but less so than the Amyrises.

The opening of the perfume matches the the nearly-fruity scent of fir to a juicy orange but cuts the sweetness with a mineral edge.  The saltiness and a cotton-candy note circle each other, yet Baccarat 540 skips the lingering caramel predictability of the current run of praline perfumes. The specific notes seem to recede over time as large olfactory images come into focus.  A marine/ambergris shape gives a balanced, synthetic profile to the heartnotes. The sweet/nutty pairing holds together through the drydown giving a cozy coherence from top to bottom.

Unusual? Yes.

Edgy? Not in the least.

Interesting? Try it and see.
positive Wore this tonight and I can honestly say I had over 10 compliments. This fragrance really made me feel a certain way when wearing it and I have to admit I loved it! Great buy for me
positive good sillage and solid longevity, totally proper for males, very interesting mix!
positive WOW!! MFK hit a grand slam with this fragrance! I haven't gotten this many compliments since Aventus! 2 thumbs up!! Its listed as a feminine fragrance but this can easily pass as a male cologne!

negative I have to agree with ClaireV and drseid - this is just not good. I have much respect for MFK, and as a general rule, enjoy his creations, but this is not one for the shelf.

The opening is a blast (and I mean that with all that word contains) of saffron and some rotting fruit. Yes, rotting. It is likely a brown banana. There are fruit flies and I sense decayed sweetness. This is beyond banana bread - this is for the trash bin.

The opening also contains something far below, which I keep trying to figure out, but it's a pitchy note that I cannot identify. It doesn't work here. 

The structure falls apart for me and seems to just move amoeba-like for the remainder of the experience, which is really strange for an MFK. It went sorta flat - and I never did find the ambergris nor the jasmine, two notes I adore. I keep smelling something extremely fruity and so sweet, it turns my stomach. 

I am now off to scrub my wrists. Yes, it is that bad - at least for me.


negative Oh dear. This is rather unfortunate.

I have huge respect for Francis Kurkdijan as a man and as a perfumer. I own quite a few of his perfumes (Absolue pour le Soir, Eau Noire, Cologne Pour Le Soir), and greedily covet others that I don’t (his original Oud, Oud Cashmere Mood, Lumiere Noire Pour Homme, Enlevement au Serail). I’m hard pressed to think of a composition of his that I can’t at least appreciate, even if I don’t want to own it myself.

Baccarat Rouge 540 is an exception. Unfortunately, it manages to be the perfect storm of all the notes I hate, all of them converging at once to screw with my head. And it sticks to my skin like glue (ain't that the way it goes).

The top notes are pleasant, barely – a brief succulence in the form of oranges, saffron, and marigold that combines in such a way as to suggest a ripe red berry. For a moment, I am also reminded of the radiant freshness of his original Oud, a metallic brightness of spilled orange juice and yellow saffron powder. The jasmine here smells fresh, like a green-scent breeze moving through a line of cottons hung out to dry, and is reminiscent in its crispness of both Eau Sauvage and  Kurkdijan’s own Aqua Vitae – safe to say that rather than jasmine sambac or grandiflorum, this note is probably Hedione, a wonderful aromachemical that expands the lungs with a radiant, green jasmine sensation.

Unfortunately, the fruity floral top notes get swallowed up almost immediately by the powerful basenotes – and when I say powerful, I mean overwhelming. There is a potent cedar here that reads as wet, pungent, almost musky with that sour edge I dislike in the note, and when it buts up against the sweet, juicy top notes, the result is like throwing a thick pear juice onto a bed of ashes. This unsettling accord (fruit juice thrown into dirty ashes) is also what I experience from Soleil de Jeddeh by Stephane Humbert Lucas 777, another fragrance I’m struggling to get my head around.

The musky, sour cedar is quickly joined by one of the most obnoxious notes in all perfumery (for me personally), fir balsam. This note might make others think of Christmas, but to me, it always makes me think of sweat. Each of the five times I tried Baccarat Rouge 540, it dried down to this thin but obnoxious smell of dried runner’s sweat – I know it’s the fir balsam because I’ve experienced this once before, with Annick Goutal’s otherwise very lovely Encens Flamboyant. Pure sweat. It’s a hard association to shake.

The saltiness from the Ambroxan or ambergris note (whatever it is) doesn’t help much either. Its salty mineral smell brings a pleasant outsdoorsiness, yes, but it also brings forward that sensation of feeling your skin crackle with dried sea salt, sweat, and sun tightness after falling asleep on the beach after a swim. Pleasant in perfumes such as Eau des Merveilles, but joined with the wet, musky cedar and the sweaty fir balsam of Baccarat Rouge 540, it’s simply one drop of sweat too much. Some will find this salt-sweat note very sensual, sexy even - but it just makes me want to go take a shower.
negative Baccarat Rouge 540 opens with a brief dash of saffron spice infused dulled orange before quickly moving to its heart.  As the composition enters its early heart, the orange morphs to a vague, slightly transparent and relatively sweet fruity floral jasmine accord, as powerful woody amber takes on the starring role, with significant powdery oakmoss and fir balsam support.  During the late dry-down the composition remains highly linear as the powder infused woody amber continues to control sans the jasmine and sweetness, now with mild cedarwood support through the finish.  Projection is very good to excellent and longevity outstanding at nearly 24 hours on skin.

What a stinker Baccarat Rouge 540 is.  I knew in seconds I would detest this composition, and sadly after a couple full wearings on skin my opinion hasn't changed.  The initial dulled orange is tolerable, but that only lasts five seconds before the composition turns cloyingly sweet from the woody amber, and extremely powdery from an unpleasant and poorly implemented oakmoss and fir balsam tandem that is suffocating to the powder averse like this writer.  As the composition is highly linear, things don't change much all the way through the finish, letting the nose torture continue on and on... and on.  In truth, there really isn't anything I can say positive about the composition's smell as it is all bad, really.  At least on the flip-side for those perfume warriors that can tolerate wearing this scary stuff, the performance metrics, especially longevity, are absolutely outstanding.  So if you are insistent on wearing an early "worst new perfume of 2016" candidate (at least easily to the nose of this writer), you will live with this stuff all day and all night without any fear of it wearing off.  The bottom line is Baccarat Rouge 540 may seem like a relative bargain at its current selling price of $300 per 70ml bottle (as it originally was sold as a 250 piece limited edition in a fancy Baccarat crystal bottle for an eye popping $4000), but in truth $3 is paying too much for this "poor" to "very poor" 1 to 1.5 stars out of 5 rated horror. Spending your $300 at the baccarat *table* is a better investment.  

positive White skin under a dark red velvet corset. A knife hidden near a pumping heart. Blood rushing in her ears. By no means will she spare them. Her mind sharp as the knife , her intentions dark but just ..... a lady who stands up for herself. No galantuomo needed. She is free and upright , no one will bend her 

A fragrance for a woman deciding her own destiny. Powerful , dark, refined , noble. Red rose , earthy tones and a glimpse of humour when a small raspberry allows a sneak peek on who she is when she is in a good mood. 
She can kill or caress ... up to you 
positive Opening blast is a volumtuous rich rose with a hint of sandalwood. The smell is very high-end and I've been surounded with this kind of scent cloud in posh areas of London with a rich Middle Eastern clientele.

The rose becomes jammy and fruity (raspberry/cranberry) and then quite soapy. There is also a green element. 

This is clearly the mother of any number of illegitimate fruittychoulli scents. It brought Lancome LA vie est belle to my mind and (surprise suprise) it's the same nose.

Unlike many males on BN I don't find POAL easy for a man to pull off, it's decidedly feminine in scent and theme and has inspired too many other common feminines. It does have the quality rose smell of so many expensive rose-Oud combos and perhaps that is why many males feel comfortable with it. For me there is no counterpoint to the dominant rose to bring it back to a unisex center-ground.

Performance is really good which may make one feel a little self conscious if not 100% comfortable with the theme.
Overall 80/100 as a feminine perfume but not necessarily safe for to use as a unisex. A viable male alternative might be Diptyque Oud Palaou
positive What is there to say about this fragrance that hasn't already been said? This a stunning masterpiece of a fragrance that you owe it to yourself as a fraghead to try. Deep, rich, smoky, sensual, fruity, dry, sweet, creamy, soft - PoaL covers almost all the bases. The combination of rose and patchouli - tried and true - is enriched by glowing incense, creamy sandalwood, autumnal spices, and a photorealistic raspberry note (so real that you can smell the tannins in the seeds). It is intoxicating, it is full-bodied, it is exotic, it is powerful, it is perfume with a capital P. This is what you wear when you want to make a statement, when you want to impress, when you want to stand out from the crowd and make everyone smell you. Simply put, one of the best rose fragrances ever made.
positive Portrait of a Lady? Okay, sure, whatever you say, Mr. Ropion. Maybe if that lady was a former headshop hippie from 1975 who goes on to become a rock star, part Stevie Nicks, part Steven Tyler, while regularly atoning for her sins at Catholic Mass every Sunday.

Dark but never heavy, fruity but also funky, with a luminous, clove-y rose that holds it all together. Probably one of my top-ten favorite scents of all time.
positive Beautiful. Easily distinguishing rose, patchouli, clove, and incense. I was worried about this one, because I generally am not a big fan of incense forward frags. This has a proper amount in it as to not overpower the rest of the composition. The patchouli gives it an earthy greenness, while the berries prop up the jammy-ness of the rose in the opening. Its performance is big all around. The cloves here bring the rose down to a more masculine place, though I'm not sure its quite there for me. I get something that makes me think aldehydes, but I see it nowhere. Really well blended, there are no hard edges.

I'm going thumbs up here for quality, and because it is labeled as a feminine fragrance to start with.  The biggest detractor is the unwieldy cost, which is not enough to drop its rating.  
positive Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle sits somewhere between Creed and L'Artisan Parfumeur in terms of prestige and creative freedom. On one hand, Frédéric Malle fancies himself a creative director and "ghost writer" alongside the perfumers he chooses to work with him, guiding them to something that fits both his vision and theirs, but on the other, he also plays up the exclusivity of his label and cost of materials to rake in the cash from naive nouveau-riche. For this reason, scents like Portrait of a Lady (2010) receive both fervent praise from perfumistas enamored with the label's showcasing of perfumer's talent with an uncapped budget, and also derision from hardcore hobbyists that know the same relative quality can be had even within niche realms for half the cost. I could easily name a half dozen rose scents in the same heady, dark, rich vein as this, but there's no point in cutting this off at the kneecaps for being a more expensive alternative to them, since it's all relative to the budget of the onlooker anyway, and who's to say the same person can't both enjoy a $10 bottle of Tea Rose (1972) and a $340 bottle of Portrait of a Lady? What is in effect presented here is a Turkish rose wrapped in spice and incense. The stuff is sold as a feminine perfume but draws parallels to male-oriented rose scents thus is worn by quite a few guys too. The name comes from the Henry James novel of 1881, and focuses on creating the scent worn by the Victorian-era heroine Isabel Archer, which is said to be of dark roses. 

Portrait of a Lady opens with plenty of Turkish rose, and fans of Aramis Perfume Calligraphy Rose (2013) or Amouage Lyric Man (2008) already know where this is headed. This isn't a sweet damask rose nor a leafy tea rose like many of it's ilk, but shrouds a deep red rose head note in black currant and raspberry, both darker fruits. The middle notes of cinnamon, clove, and patchouli, give this a spicy and earthy rounding of the rose's edges, before the woodsy aromachemical base of sandal, benzoin, ambroxan, and incense finish it off. The weakest link here, especially for a scent so expensive, is the reliance on the "Kmart Blue Light Special" aspects of ambroxan, which link this back to trendy high-end designer scents that folks who love Frédéric Malle will likely scoff at, raising monocle to eye and turning up nose past their hairline uttering "how so very dare you" in a nasal transatlantic "lockjaw" accent. Well screw those folks, I don't mind the drydown at all, and anyone who enjoys anything from the larger niche houses these days should likely expect a few popular aromachems here or there anyway, and if it matters that much, there are plenty of one-person operations and tiny artisinal perfumers making scents purely from raw materials that can hand you a comparable rose to this without the ambroxan scratch in the finish. After the scent finishes developing, what is left behind is that Turkish rose, some patchouli, clove, incense, and  nondescript woods with musky underpinnings. Longevity is good, but like most rose scents, this will dominate whatever shirt you're wearing while it's on your skin, lingering hours after, so definitely wash said garment afterwards. I like Portrait of a Lady but for me, I don't think it's nearly $400 good, and with what is effectively a sample sprayer costing as much as a 50ml of Chanel, even smaller sizes are not much of a value. I must note that this is one of the more expensive Frédéric Malle scents, and not all of them are the same price, so don't dismiss the house based on this one review, please.

Portrait of a Lady is a success in what it sets out to be: an olfactory representation of a fictional perfume from a character pulled out of a novel made in a bygone era. As wearable perfume in the modern day, Portrait of a Lady does feel a tad more masculine than feminine with it's portrayal of rose, even if that portrayal is pretty in line with what passed for rose fragrances in the late 19th century, sans the ambroxan of course, because they'd have real ambergris in that 'mutha if it was made then. I'd recommend better dark roses before this one, but Dominique Ropion does a noble job of the task at hand, it's just this kind of thing has already existed for a while before it came around, so in the very large world of rose scents, it had a lot of stiff competition, like Tom Ford's Noir de Noir (2007) for example. Portrait of a Lady is best in mid-climates like spring, fall, or indoors just about any time, with a spicy romantic flair that makes it unsuitable for the office to me, but your opinion may be different. I think a dry leather note or maybe something green might have added enough austerity to sober this up for the professional environment, but as it stands, this is just a tad closer to the smell of the "fallen women" or male "fops" of the Victorian era than anyone trying to be presentable. Thumbs up for quality and performance, but with trepidation do I suggest this one, since it isn't even the best of it's lot and the cost makes it a bit prohibitive to explore without sampling for yourself. Luckily, this one is pretty common at most upscale department stores, so that shouldn't be too tricky! A nice and spicy unisex rose scent, just not for the unwashed masses, to be sure. 
positive Lasts for about 14 hours, the last of which as skin scent, pretty powerful rose and incense combo, very unisex and not just for ladies, it has a kinky and very dark vibe, one of the best outings fro Malle for some serious sillage it takes some serious spraying!



positive A lady indeed.  I got a musty, smoldering spice of a rose in the beginning.  If I inhaled deeply I smelled a teeny tiny bit of raspberry.  Settling down, it became a dry tinder pile of incense and patchouli.  A musky amber finishes this off with nary a nod to benzoin.  
positive Every time I tried it on I get different ideas. This perfume is a Rubik's cube, my dumb brain can only work out one face at a time.

The most current version I got is: vivid rose blast at opening, accompanied by something strongly reminiscent of oud(incense?), with some sort of spicy animalistic undertone. A panther hide in rose bushes. If I get close enough, there is a soothing aspect of aldehyde. 

The rose, thankfully, doesn't have the indolic feel as in Une Rose, possibly due to some fruity softener that I couldn't tell. My skin stays a battlefield between army of red rose and slightly pungent musk. After an hour or so, rose is utterly defeated and the musk decimated, a vast land of patchouli finally reveal itself.

If it really is a portrait of a certain lady, then it's the portrait of Rebecca, the devious and charming mistress of Manderley.
positive Portrait of a Lady is now called "Portrait of a King embracing his Lady!!

...WOW, what a fragrance!!!

Floral, because of the Rose and spices; but also, slightly woodsy from the Patchouli and Sandalwood. 

In the end, you are going to get a beautiful creamy, yet rose combined spice fragrance that is dry and incensey! Lovely!

Performance: 10/10
Silage: 10/10
Longevity: 10/10
Overall: 10/10

[Update: I didn't have to sell myself to get this :o); got a 1.7oz for a really good deal! new-$135]
positive Fantastic projection, fantastic longevity. Perhaps bit too much floral. Only the second cologne that I tried that last until I was in the gym the next morning. Although not quite my fragrance definitely has a lot to have any protection. 
positive I've been putting off writing a review of POAL for ages, because I've had difficulty putting into words what makes it special, and also why I don't care much for it.  

In terms of smell, at its core, it's a fruitchouli, that mix of berries and rose and patchouli that comes together to smell like rich flowery fruity jam.  It throws in some saffron to give it a leathery oud feel, and goes further by adding some sandalwood in tribute to a classic sandalwood/rose attar.

What makes it special is twofold.  First, while most perfumes of this type use cheap fake rose (because it's easy to get away with hiding it behind all the strong ingredients), POAL uses a large amount of upfront real rose, which is the main reason this is considered the best of the genre.  Second, as explained wonderfully in jtd's review, there's a high-performance sheen to POAL that's remarkable.  Rose usually fades in a couple of hours, but somehow POAL's rose shines brightly and unwaveringly for days.  The whole perfume has nuclear longevity thanks to a combination of masterful chemistry and a high budget, which is simply unmatched elsewhere. 

Given all this, I have no choice but to give POAL a thumbs up, but I just don't like it that much.  The top-of-its-class longevity actually makes it kind of boring to me - I would have enjoyed a slow descent from rose to sandalwood, but instead it just sits there, glowing brightly with its changes happening too slowly to be appreciated.  Also, I just don't like fruitchoulis very much, so even the best isn't going to win me over.

Anyway, thumbs up, of course.  This is one of those perfumes you should know.
positive La belle ferronnière by  Leonardo da Vinci
positive I was looking for a fresh, green rose, which this definitely is not, but I've quickly become addicted to this unique scent.

To me, it smells like a rich, slightly tart, spicy rose syrup, with a firm, edgy hit of sharp ginger. There's no ginger in the notes, so it's probably a combination of red fruit and other spices that gives me this impression. Over time, the scent develops a more loukoum like character, with a dense, but transparent, jelly-like consistency. Throughout its development, this scent manages to perfectly balance acidity, sweetness, and sharpness. To me, it's a very edible rose, which is quite extraordinary because rose is a difficult flavor to successfully pull off in food.

Half a sample in, I strongly feel like I don't want to live without it. Its longevity is unbelievable, and one of the best things about this scent is that its character remains fully intact over time. Smelling it on my clothing the second day it's almost as strong, vibrant and sparkling as when I first sprayed it on.

It's prohibitively expensive, but well worth the money.
positive This one has been my signature scent ever since it's launch. Occasionally in a fickle moment I apply a different fragrance but I feel like an adulterous woman cheating on a sweet hearted lover.

I've just tried Dans tes Bras hoping to wean myself away from my beloved POAL but sadly, no deal.DTB is like an icicle, cold and soulless. POAL is like sinking into a soft feather bed at the end of a hard and tiring day. It is woven into my being I'm sure. 

This is a fragrance that either works for you or it doesn't and sadly for me, given it's price, this is my perfect partner.
positive The rose and patchouli pairing is such a good fit that it seems like proof of fate. It’s been the basis for a range of leathery, ambery, woody and mossy perfumes spanning woody-floral, chypre and oriental genres. The Malle PR boasts that Ropion used surpassing doses of rose essence and patchouli coeur, a fractionated patchouli. Fractionated naturals are botanical materials that have been separated into their constituent parts by chemical and physical processes, especially molecular distillation, and edited to remove undesirable traits.

Around the time of Portrait’s launch more and more of these ‘tidied up’ botanicals were becoming available. Well understood materials like vetiver, cedar and patchouli saw their challenging attributes reduced or removed, leaving frictionless, blissful versions of the materials. They were sanded, polished and lacquered. Aroma materials manufacturers were pushing their hot new high-tech, stripped-down botanicals. They were an easy sell. They used a version of the best-of-all-worlds tactic to sidestep the endless botanical vs synthetic debate. They are ‘natural’ and therefore good but they have also been made better through chemistry and are therefore contemporary.

Used thoughtfully, fractionated botanicals allowed a measured, precise tailoring of olfactory effects. Unfortunately they also made their way into some simplistic compositions that smelled like ‘easy listening’ perfumes. The niche and mainstream markets of the time were top-heavy with a glut of radiant, synth-woody fragrances. Many perfume buyers had become accustomed to judging the quality of a perfume by how closely it approximated the properties of woody amber materials. These scrubbed versions of botanical materials matched the tone created by woody ambers. An entire fumie cohort was conditioned to respond to the ‘clarity’ of the new generation of fractionated botanicals.

Distillation of materials is not new to perfumery by any means. The recent emphasis on fractionating well-understood botanical aroma-materials stems from the attempt to dissect IFRA-designated toxic materials such as lavender, lemon and the notoriously virulent tea leaf and remove their noxious bits. Think of a fraction as a potent material that has undergone an exorcism.

***

Rose and patchouli have complementary facets that fit like a lock and key and have strong synergy. The camphorous chill of patchouli acts like an astringent to rose, keeping it from settling into the dull beauty that an uninspired rose perfume can have. Rose’s berry notes become wine-like and boozy when paired with patchouli. Resinous materials give rose a honeyed drawl and musk keeps the bloom on the rose. Camphor, berry notes, musk and amber are the olfactory attributes emphasized in coeur de vetiver and Ropion uses them along with incense, benzoin and god only knows what else to create the durable accords that allow Portrait of a Lady to last for days. It is classically Ropion in that rich natural materials and potent synthetics are focussed on the same goal: coherence. The perfume’s sillage and forcefulness hint at potent synthetics. Happily, though, the ear-ringing, gut-churning feeling I associate with over-reliance on particular synthetics to give radiance and endurance is nowhere to be found. Portrait of a Lady showcases Ropion’s exceptional capacity to calibrate synthetics toward specific compositional ends while avoiding their side-effects.

Since 2010 when it was released, Portrait of a Lady has come to stand toe-to-toe with an equally imposing patch-rose, Aromatics Elixir. While AE dominates the mossy/chypre side of the rose-patch hoards, The Lady has become the standard against which woody and oriental side of the rose family is compared. Rose-oud as well. It’s a perfume that begs to be described in superlatives and worn with abandon.
positive I chased down a lady three blocks away to ask the name of her perfume. Enormous sillage on that windy day. Ever since, this has been on my top five. Opens with quieter peppery spices. Then the most velvety sumptuous rose incense shows through with some fruity sweetness. Its rosy benzoin and sandalwood drydown is sensuous. It is bright and it is dark. Beautiful from beginning to the end. Exceptional longevity.
positive I really don't know how unisex this is, but I do know that it's beautiful and I love smelling it on my own skin.  Without getting into the notes, which others are far more capable of doing than I, my impression of this beauty is like this; if Montale's Black Oud was Bruce Jenner and he had a sex change and transformed into Scarlett Johanssen, then Portrait of a Lady would be the result.  As a man, you'd have to be pretty sure of yourself to wear this.
positive Delicate green fruity floral opening, lightly powdery. Sweet, powdery, and restrained. Rose and patchouli in elegant harmony - old fashioned scent. Reminds me of lilac. Eastern Orthodox church incense. Sophisticated but grounded - mature. It's lightness and elegance brings Japanese perfume to mind. As it dries down the incense comes more to the fore with a bit of a dirty, earthy note (like a centuries old Buddhist temple) in the background. Dries down after a couple of hours to a pale, earthy floral.
positive Great take on rose. Took me a couple of wears to appreciate it. Smells like the Indian 'paan'. Wish it was cheaper. 
positive I'm a fan of this one. One of my favorites from the Malle line. Fantastic, musty, sweet, powdery rose, done as an approachable unisex perfume, with good performance.
positive Portrait of a Lady is the first Frederic Malle I've tried and a rose seemed like a fitting way to introduce me to line---POAL is a very nice fresh rose with patchouli and cinnamon. It's slightly fruity, as well, though not with, say, the same sweet jammyness of Rose Flash or other sweeter rose fragrances.  It leans further to the fresh and slightly spicy, rather.

To me, it's very good but not great; a like but not a love.  But I imagine this largely depends on individual body chemistry.  I wouldn't argue that POAL is very unique or special, but it walks the unisex line very effectively, as this could be surely flattering on both a man and woman.

Projection and longevity are both decent, but at $250 for 50ml and $365 for 100ml, I can't imagine opting for this.  There are many cheaper, better rose options that I would recommend first (Rose Flash, Une Rose de Kandahar, even Noir de Noir or Cafe Rose).  Still, some might find it to be much more pleasant than the other so I think it's worth trying.

7 out of 10
positive oh...this is good. Really good. 

I'm in trouble. I never knew rose could be so violently complex yet so sweet and comforting. It is the whole rose composed, thorns and all. I feel its sting, yet the velvety smooth petals bring me so much joy. This is the BDSM of fragrance. 

The blending of the patchouli is a dance of push and pull - like a sensual mating dance. The rose plays hide-and-seek with the patchouli and it's a mystery as to when and why one appears and one doesn't. 

The sandalwood lays low, but it not quite demure. It makes me smile even as I type this review. It's a lovely balance. Perfect. 

Certainly, this is an expensive fragrance, but one that is most worthy of a full bottle. 
positive The core note is the rose, a medium-dark but neither heavy nor overly brooding rose on my skin.  It is if high quality and very convincing.  

Still in the opening ohase an gently peppery incense note is added, and this now is like a dark cloud mixing with the as such very balanced rose, but on me this is still not overwhelmingly dark but retains an admirable balance of lightness, richness and depth. Furthermore, a restrained cinnamon together with a forest berry mix - blackcurrant mainly - provides a fruity undertone, not sweet but resulting in a lovely twist.   A classic balance, whilst maintaining a good structure.  This is a great rose-centred delight.

As gas as the base is concerned, it does not keep up with the sophisticated and complex first half of this creation. More linear, flatter and mainly an ambroxan impression with a generic light musk and a somewhat pedestrian soft patchouli added in. Fortunately the components of the earlier phase spill over into the base at times, such as to make it more interesting.  I do not get any wood note worth mentioning. 

The performance is very good with moderate sillage, good projection and eight hours of longevity. 

My conclusion is that this had the potential to become a truly great creation that has been downgraded by its second-rate base notes, but overall it still warrants a positive score.  Great in spring or on warmer autumn days.  3.5/5
positive First of all: kudos to Dominique Ropion for creating this masterful rose scent. Its absolutely beautiful and very powerful. While I don't see any comparison with the perfumes noted above, if I had to compare it to another scent I'd say it's like Cruel Intentions by Kilian on steroids. As a side note: when I first tried out the FM line, I hoped to fall in love with Ellena's poetic contributions - ironically I ended up falling for the "not so subtle" PoaL.

While I am not a huge fan of the opening, once the initial incense blast dies down the rose and incense find a perfect balance. From this point on until the morning after (if you wish - this one has beastly performance) a fruity rose dances with incense and patchouli in perfect harmony. I find this scent very attractive which surprises me as I usually shy away from rose centred fragrances. If I had to make an educated guess I'd attribute the appeal of PoaL to the berry accord and masterful blending.
positive Salutation.

Portrait of a femme fatale.this is one of the most amazing and magnificent niche scents that i've ever come across.this fragrance is a head turner.it leaves a sensual aroma when you leave a room.it is such a sexy but yet cool enough scent it makes you feel attractive instantly.this scent is special so it may not be very suitable for everyone it is unique, haunting in its strength and complexity. in other word Sophisticated,Smoky, Expensive,Laudable,Classy, Dark,Rich,Gorgeous and Voluptuous.

The scent blends a variety of powerful elements, strong and passionate top notes of rose,cinnamon and black currant mix with incense and bove all patchouli,closing with earthy,sensual yet subtle base notes of amber,musk and woody notes.the composition is is thoroughly charming in its ability to be worn at the special occasion.PORTRAIT OF A LADY is not absolutely feminine but You can't wear this fragrance without feeling very brave and at least a little sexy.perfect for autumn/winter.Definitely try it on before purchase.

Sillage?Superb.

Longevity?Lasts and lasts.

7.5/10
positive "Her nature had, in her conceit, a certain garden-like quality, a suggestion of perfume and murmuring boughs, of shady bowers and lengthening vistas, which made her feel that introspection was, after all, an exercise in the open air, and that a visit to the recesses of one's spirit was harmless when one returned from it with a lapful of roses." Henry James, Portrait of a Lady

This quote from the novel that inspired this perfume describes it perfectly. Isabelle Archer, the prototypical Sagittarius, is willful, proud, intellectual, adventurous, lucky and drawn to the exotic. This perfume smells like what she would wear, confident projection, rich with Turkish rose absolute, a heart of dark patchouli, smelling of spice and incense, and admirably tenacious.

Since my husband wears Geranium Pour Monsieur, every time I spoke to a Frederic Malle associate, I was urged to try this. Like the heroine herself, I resisted the obvious best choice until the very end. On paper, it just didn't do anything for me. I knew so many men wore it, that I didn't even want to try it on. It sounded like some old drag queen, campy (camphoraceous), throaty and LOUD. But when I finally tried it on, I was pleasantly surprised to find my skin showed a strong raspberry note with a dry dusty leather, the golden glow of rose without being grandma rose, and a realistic impression of incense like classic agarbatti. Although so many people wear this perfume, I feel like it is my own, and I will finally get a full bottle. I love Dominic Ropion's work for this line, including Une Fleur de Cassie and the new Cologne Indelible, so it makes sense I would finally come around to this scent.

negative More like "Portrait of an Old Lady". I can't believe this is so well rated. It smells to me a lot like an elderly woman mixed with the gourmand scent of a male club fragrance.

neutral Really pleasant fragrance. Just too feminine for me. On a lady this would be great!! 
neutral Rose dominated fragrance that can easily become cloying if more than 1-2 sprays applied.  

Leans feminine but does have similarities with other Montale rose-heavy fragrances that men wear, so if you're inclined to like those, then you might like this.

Performance is excellent, just a few sprays fills a room and lasts all day.
positive My favorite of the Replica series so far. The smoke and vanilla create a pleasant toasted marshmallow vibe that in my opinion is unisex and very mellow, not overwhelming. In fact, I think it could a bit stronger, particularly longevity-wise. Only lasts a couple hours, especially in any kind of heat. Definitely worth a sample though.
positive I love this fragance. Every time I go to Sephora, give a try. Looking to buy a full bottle in October '19. It's beginning to smell like Christmass.
positive This fragrance is an incredibly accurate depiction of roasting marshmallows in a campfire, and is incredibly smoky. You can almost see the smoke emenating from your skin when you wear this. But it's entirely pleasant due to the vanilla-marshmallow accord which sweetens and grows stronger over time while wearing this. I also detect some woodsy notes. On my skin, sillage is moderate leaning strong while longevity is very strong - in fact the strongest out of any in the Replica line of fragrances. The smokiness in the fragrance reminds me of Encre Noire by Lalique somewhat, but that is an earthy, dark forest while this is a very cozy, warm campfire in a forest. If Encre Noire represents Mirkwood forest, then By the Fireplace represents the warm campfires of the wood elves. This is also totally unisex. As a fragrance, this is incredibly unique and is an olfactory experience. Due to its strength and scent, I am giving this a perfect score.

5/5
positive Great entry in the Maison Martin Margiela line; generally, this house has very creative, thought-provoking scents that are a great alternative to the usual fare available out there.

Replica by the Fireplace sure resembles its name: Moderately smoky, warm woods with chestnut accord that is an experience more than an impression scent, IMO (although it can achieve the latter as well).  As one reviewer pointed out, this fragrance doesn't smell like a typical indoors fireplace per se; I liken it to an outdoors campfire vibe, livened up with vanillic sweetness. 
positive Sweet, woody vanilla with just a hint of smoke. This is warm, inviting and cozy like it is intended to be but it's not as heavy as I thought it would be.  Has something that kinda lightens or freshens it up, but the overall sweetness and vanilla keep this a cool weather scent.

Projection is very good.


positive I adore this so much. As others have said, it's quite a unique smoky woody scent, and it has a fascinating underlying balsamic note that makes my heart swell. By the Fireplace is a perfect winter/end of autumn fragrance.
positive I can't get enough of this fragrance. It's such an easy to wear smokey/woody fragrance. I love the underlying nuttiness it has, with just the touch of sweetness. Very warm and inviting. Also very easy to wear!
positive I usually don't like smokey fragrances, but this one is great. May be a tad too sweet (even though I love vanilla).  It's original. It made me think of when I burnt (a bit) caramel popcorn. I'll consider buying a full bottle.
positive smoky vanilla.this scent pretty much stays the same way from start to finish,only loosing some of the smokiness. 
positive Sweet and smokey... so far so good... then well its sweet (vanilla sweet) and smokey. Not sure if it's "fireplace" smokey but it is smokey.  It does smell nice but it's been done before and is very linear.  A neutral but the rating could be adjusted after a few more wearings.


Additional review.
After an additional wearing I have adjusted this to a thumbs up. It is gourmandish for sure.  Not as sweet as I originally thought and the vanilla isn't as harsh the 2nd time around. It has been done before for sure but I like it. Try before you buy due to redundancy and price. Enjoy!
positive I love this unique, smoky, slightly synthetic, overly sweet woody-gourmand weirdness. I get a lot of candy vanilla, smoked wood, and something balsamic in the background. Nothing more, nothing less. However, the combination of notes works great on my skin. Longevity and sillage are good.
positive What a wonderful scent for winter. I was expecting a very smoky accord, but the smokiness is very restrained. It's an all enveloping boozy, nutty, herby wood for the most part but with a warm balsamic sweetness (it works) in the base. 

A cosy 'snuggle up' drydown that lasts for ages.

Seems to have gone unnoticed here but is well worth checking out imo.

negative I love a good gourmand, but By the Fireplace pushes into stomach-churning territory, ostensibly an aromatic picture or a s'mores-by-the-fire scene, but what it actually delivers is a grotesque mish-mash of acute marshmallow sweetness and a barbecue grill-ish smoke effect.

neutral I have a sampler set (“Memory Box”) of Replica scents, and this is one of them. When I first got the box I didn’t even try this one on my skin after sniffing it—too smokey, I thought. However, after reading a few reviews that said the smoke really takes a backseat to the vanilla, I thought I’d give it a try. I’m glad I did, because I like it a lot better on my skin. Unlike sniffing it from the bottle (campfire all the way) on the skin the smoke immediately becomes a subtle note mixed with the vanilla, like toasted marshmallow. If you don’t like sweet you won’t like this, but if you do, it’s not bad. On the down side, it is fairly linear. I wouldn’t buy a full bottle, but I’ll use up my little sample bottle. 
neutral The idea of a crackling fireplace in a bottle is very appealing and I love layering under some of my favorite scents to warm them up for the winter.  As a standalone scent, this simply just doesn't work with my skin chemistry but smelled wonderful on a friend of mine.  I bought it because of a testing strip and loved the smokiness and woodiness of it.  However, on my skin, it made me smell like a sausage.  I think my skin naturally brings out balsamic flavors and muskiness.  I was so disappointed but I will commend this brand for its creativity.  
neutral This isn't bad. The vanilla / chestnut combination is reminiscent of Fat Electrician with the vetiver replaced with a light smoke. Nice for autumn / winter but possibly a little on the feminine side of unisex for me.
neutral More like "By The Campfire". Reminds me of my Boy Scout camp outs. This is something I wouldn't wear, the smokiness just doesn't appeal to me.
neutral This does indeed smell like a campfire and toasted marsh mellows. Not bad but I much prefer the gorgeous Jazz Club. 
neutral Lightly smokey, but not a fireplace smoke. More the scent of a roasted, caramelized marshmallow, with just enough woodiness to keep it from being overly cloying. Still quite sweet, but fine for autumn or winter. Completely unisex. Lasts quite a long time and really projects with body heat.
neutral Reminds me of an updated version of Michael Jordan Legend (not as sweet though). Can that be a bad thing? Of course not! But the vanilla gourmand thing has been done quite a lot. Don't get me wrong, I like the fragrance. If you don't have any vanilla dominated fragrances, this would be a good look for you. 7.5/10
positive I bought this one based on the notes...not the reviews. Got it dirt cheap. I could care less what the general public thinks.

This one is a winner. Smells warm, rich and masculine. It works in any situation. About as good as a men's fragrance can get. 
positive Beautiful beautiful boozy slightly spicy cinnamon on tobacco and some leather or resins. Very soft, sweet-ish, but in a nice and comforting way. Not very masculine to my nose, seems very suitable for a woman. I like how spices mingle with sweetness and booze, this feels and smells like Friday or winter holidays to me - Christmas in a bottle indeed. Would wear again and again and again. Unfortunately, longevity is very short on me - after 2 hours it's only a faint skin scent, after 2,5 hours it's almost completely gone.
positive Burberry as a fashion brand sticks painfully close to their conservative pastiche of all things British to the point that you just feel the "Proper English" rolling off the brand's clothing without even knowing the name. Likewise, one sniff of most masculine perfumes made by the house up until the release of Burberry London for Men (2006) communicated the same stiff feeling. Antoine Maisondieu had slowly been pushing boundaries within the this context when he made the violet-led Burberry Touch for Men (2000), then snuck in a little bit of rose to the otherwise prim Burberry Brit for Men (2004), but when Maisondieu composed Burberry London for Men, all dandyish or structured posturing was tossed aside for an earthly and fundamental kind of masculinity that Burberry wasn't exactly known for and still really isn't. Burberry London for Men is a tobacco fragrance at its core, a flavored pipe tobacco one with hints of Earl Grey tea to be exact, and brings home the feeling of old smoking rooms where Victorian men of importance blustered and rumbled their way through overgrown mustaches and woolly eyebrows discussing business. Burberry London is an altogether burlier and less-refined vibe than all the pale-skinned Y2K "dour and gray" Neo-Traditionalism-Chic hubbub that was getting the green light from Burberry before it came long, and is probably my favorite masculine of the house. Tobacco scents were all the rage in the 2000's as the darker, richer alternative to all the clean aquatic blue and fresh fougère things clogging up the shelves since the 90's. Tobacco really got a good revival in the 90's with scents from Italian houses like Dolce & Gabbana Pour Homme (1994) and Versace the Dreamer (1996), but had a slow uptick in interest just like gourmands as other 90's genres like the ozonic died away before the mid-2000's. By the time Burberry London for Men rolled along, tobacco was in full-swing and would carry on to a lesser extent through into the 2010's as well, meaning Burberry London was just the right scent at just the right time.

Burberry London for Men opens with a really rich Earl Grey tea vibe right off the bat, carried out by bergamot, black tea, and English lavender. There is some cinnamon here and black pepper to make it appropriately gourmand in style (as per the fashion of the decade), but merging with the Earl Grey opening is the main tobacco accord, giving Burberry London for Men a countenance that puts it right at home around a fireplace in mid-winter, or a Christmas gathering with family. Many guys with experience using Burberry London for Men often call it "Christmas in a Bottle" and for good reason, but I feel this aesthetic works well in fall or cool early spring as well. The heart of chypre-like leather is flanked by mimosa flower and all its honeyed sweetness, mixing with a port wine note that is the cause of the "cherry" effect on the tobacco. By this middle phase, I am getting big recollections of Révillon French Line (1984) with it's "cherry leather" accord afforded by rose and coconut, but here created with the port wine, leather, and mimosa flower instead. The tobacco is there from start to finish, and by the time we actually reach it loud and clear in the base, the rest of Burberry London for Men has simmered down leaving just that "cherry tobacco" feeling. Opoponax adds an incense-like sharpness in the base alongside guaiac wood, but the smooth tobacco and oakmoss assisted by a slight hint of tonka keep Burberry London for Men from ever being harsh. The overall effect is hours of that rich and sweet spicy tobacco leaf and wood, warmed over a soft leather that remains utterly masculine and inviting. Yeah, there is a bit of stodginess in the mix, but it wouldn't be a Burberry if there wasn't, and the feeling one gets when wearing Burberry London for Men is a feeling of comfort. Burberry London can get suffocating in hot or humid conditions, so this is strictly for cold or dry weather, and casual use since it has no seriousness outside it's recollection of olden days. Wear time is easily over 8 hours but sillage is not wide, with Burberry London for Men behaving more like an eau de parfum with a tight concentrated envelope of smell mostly for the wearer to enjoy. 

Mature men will likely love Burberry London for Men, and that very well may be the market Burberry was after with it, considering the bottle is even adorned with a tartan pattern sweater. It doesn't get much more cozy than this folks. Fans of either Earl Grey tea or flavored pipe tobacco will love Burberry London, and getting to have them both mingle on skin simultaneously is an even bigger treat. Burberry tried playing the Calvin Klein game of seasonal special editions for several of its lines in the 2000's, with Burberry London for Men receiving two such limited variants on the original theme, but neither are worth pursuing, considering how expensive tracking down limited editions years after their release can be. Burberry London for Men itself is so good, that anyone digging other tobacco fragrances like Calvin Klein cK One Shock for Him (2011), Jacomo Aura Men (2000), Vera Wang for Men (2004), or anything in this relative ballpark can almost blind buy Burberry London for Men and expect greatness. I normally don't recommend such leaps of faith, but only under the pretense that one is well-versed in the genre at the designer price point, would I say that Burberry London for Men is a safe blind purchase. Easily the best of Antoine Maisondieu's masculine work for the house, and maybe the best masculine from the house period, Burberry for Men is an essential for winter time and must-smell otherwise. This was instantly likeable for me, and my only bit of caution here is for people either on the fence about gourmands or tobacco scents, as this is literally both genres fused together, and not for people who don't like sweetness, food notes, or heavy tobacco in their perfume. After the release of Burberry London for Men, Burberry masculines more or less fell back into the same boring trap they were in beforehand. Oh, and just for the record, some older variants of Burberry for Men (1995) also carried the title "Burberry London" before this scent debuted, but that's another story. Two Thumbs straight up!
positive This fragrance along with Thierry Mugler Amen made me learn two Important lessons:

1) Never judge a fragrance in one wearing.
2) Fragrances smell different in different climates.

I tried Burberry London back home in India. It was summer time and London smelt very very cloying and medicinal. I rejected it there and then.


Fast Forward a few years.... I am now in Canada, Toronto. Its Christmas time with sub zero temperatures. I tried Burberry London today and it seems simply amazing. "Christmas in a Bottle" couldn't agree more. Its an amazing scent which does invoke the memories of the Christmas Season, of precious Christmas memories from the years gone by.

Such a happy and Joyous Scent strictly meant for the Cold Weather.

Highly Recommended.....
positive An absolute bargain for fall and winter, the fragrance has a lot of notes listed but mostly I get pine and tobacco with some spices and a bit of lavender. There is something making the whole composition slightly sweet which I enjoy in colder months..as reviewer's say it really is Christmas in a bottle. The other thing that makes this a special fragrance is the expert blending of so many ingredients, this has been created with a careful nose, you never feel like one ingredient is over added, a really well balanced winter treat. Performance is average but can be helped with extra applying and spraying clothes. The only negative for me is the piece of material they put around the bottle that gathers dirt and constantly moves..easy to take off tho like I did.
positive The opening of this one made me want to buy it directly. But the dry down was completely different and projecting too manly for a young woman like me. 
positive I go to my aunt Sue's house for Thanksgiving dinner. Her husband Bob runs a craft store out of their home. I wear my plaid flannel because they have a strict dress code at my aunt's house on Thanksgiving. Smooth jazz covers of PBS show theme songs fill the air. My cousin Jake does a shot of mulling spices and chases it by chugging a half-gallon of apple cider. Someone hands me a cinnamon pine cone from one of Bob's baskets and I lick it without thinking. Uncle Gary forgets to light his pipe and instead pretends it's a saxophone and plays along to the PBS songs. Someone spills the dish of toasted almonds. Everyone decides to hold Christmas instead of Thanksgiving, so we switch to eggnog. Then we switch to red wine. I pass out in a plaid wool blanket on a leather couch. It's the best night of my life.
positive I love this scent. Perfect cold weather scent. Spice, tobacco, leather, woods. Very pleasing and easy to wear. Gets tons of complements whenever I put it on. Can't go wrong with this one. Great price point to boot.
positive Warm, Earthy, Spicy.

Will forever be associated with fall colors and cooler weather later in the year, as it's been my casual signature scent for the past two fall seasons. Difficult too because I whitetail hunt that time of year and I really shouldn't be smelling like anything but it still gets the attention it deserves. The combination of cinnamon/nutmeg and that earthy undertone is really superb. 

It's another one of those scents that smells knockout awesome but doesn't last more than an hour (Black Walnut, Millesime Imperial). Great thing its found cheap and easily though because you'll need about 12 sprays throughout the day. 
positive Burberry London is a great scent. It's sweet and spicy. It's a warm scent. Imagine yourself in front of a fireplace smoking tobacco, your cinnamon and orange cookies next to you. 
It's dry down is sweet. 
Scent 
09/10
Longevity 
06/10
Sillage 
06/10

Great Christmas and Fall Scent. 
positive As warm as a wool-lined Burberry trench, this is a wonderful winter scent, truly evoking the scents of Christmas as so many have noted.  Burberry London creates a Christmas where pipes are being smoked by fires in paneled rooms, with booze and fruit and mince pies on the groaning sideboard and a freshly cut fir decorated in its holiday finery.  It is a romanticized Christmas, to be sure, but a warm and happy scent nonetheless.  The best thing that I have smelled from this house since its original men's fragrance so long ago.  While I tend to wear it in the winter during the holiday season, this would be an excellent way to bring the festive season with you all throughout the year.
positive I've had samples of this laying around, for quite some time.  I'm glad I finally tried it.  I love the way this smells on me.  Slightly sweet and spicy, I could wear this all day.

I don't detect any cinnamon leaf here.  The spiciness for me is the combination of opoponax, lavender, bergamot, and mimosa.  Yet, these blend into a sweet tobacco smoke with an undertone of leather and wood.  

It's just darn pleasant for me.  It's a smile in a bottle.  It doesn't come off as inexpensive even though one can buy this for next to nothing.
positive Got a sample to see if Burberry London could be my new Fall scent.  Like many have said--and I agree, BL is "Christmas in a bottle."  The scent is pleasant and smells of pine needles, sweet spices, and woods.  For me, the leather note is not very prominent, but picking out notes is not my strong suit.   

Though BL smells delightful, it flounders in versatility and performance.  BL is a cool weather fragrance only.   In fact, because of the close association of its pine needles and cinnamon notes with Thanksgiving and Christmas, the fragrance's use might be best limited to November and December only.   Performance, likewise, is not great.  At best you can expect little more than an hour of projection and a few hours longevity.   

All in all, despite its apparent limited use and mild performance, BL grows on you and is worth having in your collection.  There really is no other fragrance quite like it.

Also, on a very personal note, my wife seems to like it a lot.  Of my 30+ bottles, she has only really liked Sauvage, so her approval of BL is newsworthy (at least for me).    

Scent 8/10
Longevity 4/10
Projection 5/10

positive Definitely unlike the original Burberry London (classic) for men, this is completely new take that only shares the "London" name but has a wildly daring, different composition. This one is fresh, shimmering with several notes over time, leaving you wondering what's to come but not with dread.  I actually can sense the port wine and mimosa notes in it, unique and interesting!  Must test out first before buying: It's not like the linear, citrus original and may not suit all tastes or moods.
positive My favorite holiday scent, reached for often then and rarely during the rest of the year. Its a somewhat gourmand tart and sweet winner that I wouldn't be without. My juice is current. It reminds me of several aspects of Burberry for men (which I also favor) with the added effect of strong olfactory association with the holidays, most notably Christmas. 
positive At under $30, Burberry London is perhaps the most outstanding value in men's fragrance. You can purchase a tester or 1.7 for even less which is an absolute steal! Very high quality designer - rich, natural scent with good performance. I would describe it as a sweet woody tobacco lavender fragrance. Smells of tobacco, wood, and wine give it a warm, comforting feel. Almost a must have for the 4th quarter of the year. It is indeed a classic and I would add sexy and elegant too. For it's price Burberry London has to receive a 10/10 and might be the closest thing to a true blind buy!  
positive I received my Burberry London EDT and aftershave emulsion. Mmmm....so very nice! I wore it yesterday and it was superb! I was surprised by how much it reminded me of Chesapeake Bay Spyce Cologne, which is a good thing. But the Burberry London has far superior longevity and sillage compared to the Chesapeake Bay. Burberry London also has a sweeter vibe as well. Wow, I just enjoyed being enveloped in this excellent, manly fragrance all day yesterday. This is the first Burberry fragrance I've liked, and I really like it. I would highly recommend Burberry London if you want a solid, enjoyable high class gentleman's scent. I feel like this wears well in summer and winter. I know many could disagree with this, but I was very comfortable on a hot summer day yesterday and felt it was warm, but also fresh enough to wear well in the heat.
positive This was for a long time my signature scent. Both men and women and others loved it on me, and I loved it too. People were quite surprised I wore a male perfume (shocking, right). Now it holds too many teenage/growing-up memories that I had to let it go. My bonus-son is rocking my old bottle nowadays, specially in fall in winter (he says it smells like our northern Christmas eve).

For me this is a year-round-one, reminds me of my home. Pine trees and blueberry bushes in late summer. A harsh but romantic scenery. 

I could definitely detect oak moss, tobacco, black pepper, and bergamot. It opens up citrusy and develops beautifully during the wear, specially the port wine comes out after a few hours. I could detect it the morning after, which suited me well back then. Sillage is moderate with just two sprays.

Raw but very sophisticated. Will forever be one of my favorites! 
positive Truly outstanding. The metropolitan brother of Terre d'Hermès. Earthy, dark, natural, relaxed. Like a city park after the rain. My only complaint is the longevity - I wish it lasted all winter.
positive One of the few Burberry scents that I like.  It is a gentlemans scent.... more suit and tie than shorts a flip flops for sure.  Lots of cinnamon, leather, tobacco and wood notes.  Good longevity on me 7 to 8 hours with 3 sprays nice projection for about half that time.  Well done scent but nothing "different".  For the price get a bottle and try it out.... Enjoy!
positive Off the bat this is probably the most natural scent I own or have even tried. My nose picks up the tobacco on a subtle level. There is a very distinctive green note that gives Burberry London an earthy quality and makes the fragrance very 'genuine'. This is in my opinion a high quality perfume from Burberry which wouldn't be out of place in the niche category. It just smells like time and effort went into it. I am very happy to add this to my collection and it is fast becoming a favourite of mine. Thumbs up.
positive Very impressed with Burberry London. Was expecting something gourmand-ish but instead I get a tobacco/gentlemen's drink vibe that is really so good, I question if I can wear this year round so I can enjoy it more.  It seems to be light enough in projection but I am wary of wearing in warmer weather due to its dark elements.
positive Very nice scent IMO. Average longevity on me, but very mild projection after a couple hours. Which is just fine with me, because this is probably not the type of scent that you would want to be a huge projector. Perfect for you and those close enough to enjoy your scent aura.:) 

It definitely reminds me of the holidays...like late fall around Thanksgiving time. Lovely and unique port wine note mixed with the tobacco and spices...great designer release!
positive Salutation.

My advice to you this is never miss chance acquaintance with a new fragrance though if You dont like it brand because i am not lover BURBERRY fragrances style but indeed LONDON is a exclusion However it gives me Headache!

At a just scrutiny this masculine EDT is Attractive and Wonderful.Deep and Smoky.Starts Strong&Spicy a loud fragrance and pretty ordinary too but the change is Dramatic in Middle/Base notes as it is for me the most interesting part this one.The base is Warm and Extremely Woody due to Tobacco and guaiac wood.

LONDON is Heat in the middle of Winter.It is strong seduce enough to be wear during Evening out.Perfect for wearning it with a Leather Coat.Great for a Smart man who likes to feel Wonderful and Bold Then i recommend 100% to test before buy!

Sillage?A huge Sillage will be your partner during night.

Longevity?Above average on my skin.

7/10

negative Burberry London follows closely in the footsteps of Remy Latour Cigar, trading the tropical fruit for spices. They're both, in current form, equally synthetic, though Latour Cigar boasts the better blend; Burberry London feels a bit thin throughout, and is really only diverting for its opening few minutes.

It's not terrible, but it's hard to recommend when there are so many better options in its lane.
negative Edit: Do not buy this anymore!
I am shocked and saddened at the moment.
This fragrance would be the closest thing that i have to a signature scent. I have just finished my original 2007 bottle and my new one has arrived and they are NOTHING alike. I wouldn't even call the new bottle a shadow of the original. It is watered down to the point of being unrecognizable. The stong port smell is gone. The deep dark spices, vanished. This now smells like a $5 cologne. The original put some of my EDPs to shame. How can perfumeries get away with this. I hope this review stops people from making the same mistake i just have. :(
I liken what they have done to this once top scent to bathing a picaso in paint thinners, it makes me sad.


A glass of port on the table.
A steaming warm spicy Christmas pudding in front of you.
A freshly cut Christmas tree in the corner of the room.
Your grandpa's freshly opened pouch of pipe tobacco sitting on the counter behind you.

Bottle the above and you have Burberry London.
negative It is not easy to get cinnamon right. Le male, one million and Burberry London all got it wrong. It is too much and overpowering. I cant stand any of these overpowering cinnamon perfumes. If you want to see how to do it right check out Comme des Garçons Parfum.
Unfortunate because otherwise London is a nice frag. And if you like powerful cinnamon go for it

neutral I often hear "Christmas in a bottle"  I feel like it is "Autumn in a bottle"  It misses the pine of Christmas.  It smells great.  Mulled spicy tobbaco leather.  Smell is great.  As a functional fragrance it misses the mark.  The main problem being longevity.  It is one of the quicker fading quality designers.  Also, the plaid sleeve on this bottle is ugly and unwieldy.  It is one fragrance that I hope gets reformulated someday to address the issues.  Almost smells good enough to own though.  Neutral. 
neutral It's an enjoyable tobacco fragrance but has very few notes.Smells like a natural cinnamon cased pipe tobacco with hints of leather and cherry wine note.Unfortunately it doesn't remind me of a port...reminds of Night Train which is a cherry flavored bum wine.A cheap drink that that was found in any rural area gas station and the strongest buzz you could get since the closest liquor store was at least 70 miles away. 

The cherry note isn't depressing as it fits to the holiday and winter feel of Burberry London...it's the wine part and the familiar cherry combined.It's Christmas Eve and mom is sprinkling cinnamon on a mince fruit pie she just baked.Dad is found in the living room passed out,slouched in his leather chair and just finished his pipe.Beside his pipe on the side table you see a partial bottle of Night Train and an envelope.It's a foreclosure notice from the bank on the farmhouse...Merry Christmas.

Aside from how this fragrance rubs one on it's winter and Christmas memories...It's pretty stripped down in notes and in projection it starts out decent and goes to low.By the 6th hour I can't even smell it on me.Burberry London used to be pretty expensive which I would have gave it a thumb-downs easily at it's $55-$60 price tag for a 3.3oz bottle years ago.I waited until it was acquirable at the $30-$35 price range and blind-bought it.It's a mixed recommendation.
neutral I tried this about a month ago in the middle of winter and liked it. I was just getting into fragrances at the time. Tried again recently (late winter/early spring) and wasn't as impressed. Perhaps my change of heart is due to the weather turning, but with a few dozen additional fragrances under my belt, I think my taste is evolving, as well.  

London is a fairly linear spicey/sweet tobacco-centric fragrance. Not a huge fan of tobacco notes, in general, and this one, while not bad, just isn't for me. I picked up a lot more of it on my second wear. If I were searching for a cool-weather masculine designer fragrance with a tobacco note (I'm not), I'd go with something like John Varvatos Vintage. It costs more, yes, but it's more versatile. 

No problem whatsoever with performance with London. Lasts as long (6-8 hrs) and projects as much (slight to moderate) as I want in this type of fragrance. 

Overall, London is better than average, but only just. 

6/10
positive London is one of my favorite formulations of the sweet tobacco fragrance.  With a sharp opening of citrus, cinnamon, and pepper, it is anchored by the tobacco, leather, and an indistinct sweetness, perhaps vanilla or the guaiac wood.   It sweetens and mellows in the dry down but maintains the same character (spicy, sweet tobacco) throughout its lifespan.

It is primarily a cold weather scent, but works well from day to night, given that it's not seductive enough to be for the night nor fresh enough to be for the day, strictly.  And while it is pungent, it's no so overpowering that it might not be able to work in the summer, but it's certainly more a mainstay in the winter.  Some reviewers offer that it reminds them of Christmas and winter holidays, and while it certainly works for special occasions, it's still quite versatile.

London has great projection and longevity (I get 8+ hours) for an EDT and is very affordable at under $30 for 50ml, slightly over $30 for 100ml.  This strikes me as a departure from most of Burberry's fragrances, of which I'm rarely a fan.

This needs to be tried by those who haven't, especially given how easy it is to own a bottle.

8 out of 10
positive Despite I highly respect their fashion side, I’ve never really been a fan of Burberry fragrances. London and Touch are basically the only ones I consider worth trying and/or having, and especially London. I am much of a fan of Antoine Maisondieu, and if you like him too, London is surely one not to miss. The notes may seem “conventional”, but the result is well distinctive and peculiar. It opens with a really nice and sophisticated sort of crisp, greenish, herbal tobacco accord rounded by a fantastic and really recognizable note of mimosa (that sort of warm “pollen” feel), and an equally unusual frame of notes ranging from slightly honeyed-fruity, to ambery (“ambroxan-ish”, actually), resinous-sweet and slightly floral, all topped with a sprinkle of spices; quite complex if you ask me, but it works just perfectly. Leather is listed, but you’ll have to dig for it, and it’s the usual sort of contemporary leather – subtle, clean, “polished” leather. Shortly it’s a sort of thin, quite discreet and really clean “contemporary herbal-Oriental” scent revolving around tobacco with a sprinkle of color around it - from greenish, to spicy, to that fruiy-resinous-floral stuff. It has a sort of  “niche” vibe, it smells creative and quite different from the usual mainstream paths, and the quality seems really good to my nose. The evolution is funny; the opening is quite bold and intriguing, then it looks like disappearing from your skin for a while, then it “arises” back again with a persistent and cozy drydown mostly comprising tobacco, leather and dusty-incense amber, still with a “manly” floral-honeyed nuance. Worth having for me; it isn’t a masterpiece but it smells good, classy, distinctive, rather “young” (in a positive meaning), much discreet but with a solid sillage, “contemporary” and with that sort of transparent, crisp cleanness that characterizes Maisondieu’s style. Well worth the cheap price.

7,5/10

positive This is the only Burberry I could wear thanks in part to Antoine Maisondieu. A great perfumer does a competent and memorable perfume for a less than average designer house. A bit thin and bare at times but you can see some great DNA and pre-structure elements in it from such other compositions as CdG's Black, Tom Ford's Velvet Orchid, and ELd'O's Vraie Blonde. The general public could do a LOT worse.
positive Burberry London is my go to office scent from November through February.   As others have stated, BL is an excellent choice for the Christmas holidays, but I wear it throughout the colder and rainy months in the southern United States.  I wouldn't consider it for a hot or summery day, simply because the scent does evoke a holiday or winter feel.

To me the scent seems very pine - herbal centric, with excellent longevity and mild projection.  I always get compliments and questions about my fragrance when I wear it and keep it in my rotation in the Fall-Winter season.
positive Light, warm, spicy scent...

Burberry London comes across as a light, spicy, oriental scent that if perfect for a gentleman. It has all the characteristics of a "serious" or refined masculine fragrance.

I like it. I also like that it's inspired by a city which I live in (London). Although I think this better represents someone's "idea" of London rather than the city itself. Like an old gentlemen's club. It's boozy, spicy, smoky etc. Like the classic Burberry winter coats, this feels like a cold weather, very English kind of scent.

It opens with a crisp, aromatic mix of port wine, cinnamon leaf and lavender. It's spicy and cooling at the same time, before an aromatic warmth starts to shine through. The guaiac wood makes an appearance and gives it a nice touch. I really like it. I think the leather and tobacco combination is what is special here... and it's what gives it the "old English gentlemen's club" vibe. I also think that this one is a great winter scent. Really great for Spring and Autumn too. I guess this could also be worn on summer nights, but never in the heat of day in my opinion. I think a lot of people would pick up on the autumnal vibe here in the sense that it smells like the trees and leaves smell when the weather starts to get cooler. This also reminds me of the smell of "mulled wine" around Christmas. With the herbs & spices and the boozy aroma. I think this would be great worn at that time. In terms of gender, although this is has a classic "gentleman" vibe, I suspect a daring type of woman could also wear this, and it's light enough not to offend anyone in any situation, as it's very warm and cosy (very lovable). It's an all round great choice for Spring, Autumn, and Winter. I recommend it mostly for those months.
positive Very nice.

On the opening there was some pine and almost like a mulled wine note, there's also some cherry coke in there too, together with a slight herbal tinge.

After drying down I have a very nice marzipan mixed with a little honey and the tiniest hint of cinnamon spiced apples.

Sillage is a little low, it's more of a skin scent, but it is great.

Perfect winter and christmas scent.
positive While I do think this one can stand on its own as simply a very nice fragrance in general, it really does live up to its common "Christmas In A Bottle" nickname/description.  So fitting for that season, yet so much more dignified than the themed necktie.  I have to admit, while I find myself wanting to wear it, I almost feel like I'm jumping to gun to put it on too early before the Christmas season - like when the Christmas marketing starts around Halloween or Thanksgiving and people (rightly so) shake their heads, that's the hesitation I feel with this one, though I should offer that I think that's just me and something in my head.

I'd just like to add, for anyone who had sensitivity to pine needles....  I've always found that being around pine trees tends to give me headaches and sometimes makes me sneeze.  I have yet to experience that aversion to a pine note in a fragrance/cologne.  So for anyone with similar sensitivities who might therefore be inclined to dismiss any fragrance with a pine note, I'd offer that they're actually among my favorites despite my sensitivity to real pine, I experience no aversion, and I'd humbly recommend that while caution makes sense, by all means go to a store and at least give it a sniff on a piece of paper.  You may find that, like myself, you were unnecessarily depriving yourself of some fragrances that you'll really enjoy.
positive What would I do without London in autumn/winter/christmas time? Honestly, I don't know any fragrance that conveys the feeling of cold and wet weather better than this one. I would never wear this in spring and summer. It's a winter scent, maybe the best. Even though it's quite cheap, nobody seems to wear this - at least not in my area. 

It has a sexy and elegant vibe to it, smells like a combo of cherries, pine and leather. Most women absolutely adore it but it's true for what has been mentioned - longevity is rather average, sillage terrible. I sticks 4-5 hours on my skin (which is ok) but after ~30mins, it doesn't really project farther than 20cm from my body (I carry a small sample of it with me most of the time). But those first 30 minutes are so awesome, I just have to like it. Wonderful scent!
positive Fabulous tobacco and spices fragrance.  In the top 5 of spicy fragrances in the world.
positive This scent makes u feel like ur walking thru a pine forest... the opening is green and very fresh. It is perfect for spring/summer and is a nice work scent.

Pros: Opening is fresh and not too herbal/grassy

Cons: Longevity. IMHO, I don't get to smell the heart and dry down of this fragrance. It sits too close to my skin and goes un-noticed after the 2 hr mark.
positive I am taking advantage of the South Florida winter to wear Burberry London. This fragrance is one of my top favorites. It is sophisticated and elegant. The tobacco and lavender notes are exquisite. I put it on in the morning and in the evening I can still smell it. I get lots of compliments when I wear Burberry London.    
positive Add me to the list of people who say that reminds them of the Thanksgiving/Christmas holidays. This is nearly a signature for me November 1 - December 31/January 1. I honestly wouldn't want to wear it any other time of year.

Unfortunately, I have to agree with everyone regarding the longevity and projection. It's decent for the first half an hour to an hour, but after that it seems to start losing its luster fairly quickly. Can't even detect it after 3 hours unless I sniff my shirt. Maybe others can smell it more on me after that, but I can't. That's a disappointment, but given how wonderful it smells, especially for the purposes I use it for, and how cheaply it can be bought through Fragrancenet the longevity and projection issues are an annoyance I can tolerate.

Tentative thumbs up.
positive London in December.  That is exactly what this smells like.  Spicy and fruity with some leather to back it all up. Smells wonderful... for about a full 2 hours.  If London lasted longer it would probably be my #2 cologne, however its relegated to certain occasions only because it simply can't be an everyday scent unless you have a 2 gallon jug of the stuff.  
positive Burberry LondonI have been wearing this cologne for more than a year now maybe 3 times a week. I spray it once on my wrists and spread it around my neck which helps the projection and longevity as opposed to when any cologne is sprayed on clothing. In my opinion, it is a very "loud" scent at the opening so I spray it about half an hour before going out because I fear it may be obnoxious for some people. That being said, I have gotten many compliments and the word that is most used to describe it is spicy. I prefer to wear scents to where people can smell them while being a two feet away from me.I don't want to go into the individual notes because that information is already available. For me, Burberry London gives me exactly what I want. The spiciness catches peoples attention and the projection simmers down to a point where I can be confident that the fragrance isn't disturbing everyone around me.If you want everyone to notice how good you smell, you're going to have to spray it within 10 minutes of seeing your target audience. If you want to wear a good cologne that you can call you own, gives you confidence, and isn't too invasive on the nostrils, Burberry London is a good choice.Pros: Makes a statementCons: May be too strong for some people"
positive review by stefly321	Bought this as a blind buy and agree that it does have a pipe tobacco and wine sort of smell. Would be best used in colder months. After the drydown it is quite pleasant and longevity is pretty good. 
positive I'm not really sure what to think about all the longevity and projection issues.

For me, it last just as long as other fragrances and I get wiffs of it throughout the day, so I think the projection and longevity is as good as any other fragrance if not better.

as far as the scent goes. Very unique, awesome cold weather fragrance. Only issue is that its probably not the best thing to wear in warm climates but I absolutely love the scent.


positive I really like this one.  It smells like Christmas...Evergreen tree, spices, There is no pine listed but it does smell like it.  Trouble is, like others have noted, there is little longevity.
positive Burberry London immediately grabs you with its combination of sweet port wine, cinnamon and nutmeg spice, and its starring dark guaiac wood and tobacco duo that is quite sweet and moist like the tobacco came out of a newly unsealed pipe tobacco pouch and placed in a fine pipe.  Projection is average and longevity above average. 

While Burberry London for Men's composition is quite sound and is often associated with the smells one encounters on Christmas Day, I find it has been outdone by niche scents like Clive Christian X for Men (albeit at a much, much higher cost) and reasonably priced high-end designer scents like Ropion's great Costume National Homme.  The bottom line is Burberry London for Men is a great value and well-deserving of its "very good" 3.5 star out of 5 rating, but its limited usefulness coupled with other more versatile spicy scents surpassing it has led to it finally being jettisoned from my collection. It's cheap quality sprayer breaking today despite many years of non or one day use must be a sign it is time to move on...
positive The overall scent makes up for the spotty projection and longevity.  I occasionally get a great wearing from this fragrance, but more times than not I need to apply more within a short time span.  The scent is very unique and fantastic in my opinion.  The tobacco leaf note is the note that stands out for this fragrance.  It's almost like a fruity tobacco scent that is great for the winter.

8.8/10

negative A sharp, cloying, sweet green tobacco leaf pong that doesn't evolve much.  Atrocious.
negative London is all about the top notes, since it doesn't last more than an hour, and while I was initially impressed by them due to their uniqueness, after a few wears my opinion has changed.

On first spray London is a weird pine and vodka combination- strong and causing instant nostril-flare inducing. 

After a few minutes some cherry and lavender are introduced to the mix, creating a sweet/alcoholic/syrup with a wisp of nut/wood.

I know it's popular here, but I don't like it.
negative On paper, this looks like Autumn bottled.  Port wine, black pepper, leather, cinnamon leaves, tobacco, etc.  Then I sprayed some on.  Gigantic wine note, subtle black pepper, touch of cinnamon, and then...nothing.  All in the space of 30 minutes.  Sprayed some on my shirt and think it lasted 5 minutes (35 total for those keeping track) longer.  Unbelievably short-lived.  If Burberry ever put a longer lasting version, I'd be the first in line.  Until then, this one's a fail, epically so.  

3/10 

neutral Burberry London is probably one of the very few fragrances from this line to deserve some attention and, despite being far from what I generally consider a standout (probably a matter of personal tastes here), it's surely decent.

A bright citrus / yellow floral opening that's definitely modern and pretty nicely exectuted. On the other side though, it immediately shows a certain high-pitched quality that's typical of way too many mall type of fragrances. I'm generally a big fan of Antoine Maisondieu but I usually prefer his less mainstream stuff such as most of the fragrances he delivered for Etat Libre D'Orange. The fragrance then turns into a lavender-infused, sweet tobacco / amber base that could have easily been a whatever of the latest Dior famenines of a minor Chanel aimed at younger crowds.

All in all, this is a solidly done fragrance but neither as creative as Maisondieu can get nor particularly to my tastes. Ok.


neutral I used to be a huge fan of this fragrance until not that long ago. Really enjoyed it last winter and also wore it during the warmer seasons. But as my experiences advanced and my personal fragrance arsenal expanded I have found this scent marginalized. The problem is that I have started picking up this slightly nauseating note in Burberry London that kinda ruined it for me. Not sure exactly what it is but it makes it difficult to tolerate this fragrance. This almost headache inducing property leads me to suspect that London is not the most "natural" composition out there. But there really shouldn't be any surprises in that regard, either... 
neutral Decent fragrance.  Nothing groundbreaking IMO. A lot of cinnamon with  pepper and a touch of leather. OK fragrance. 6.5/10
neutral Genre: Woody Oriental

London’s smooth, spicy opening develops into a sweet woody oriental accord, something akin to  Boucheron’s Jaïpur Homme or YSL's Body Kouros, but not as good. By that I mean the Boucheron’s and YSL's deeper, richer, more complex spiced vanilla- anise tonka bean accords leave London smelling scrawny, stingy, and artificial by comparison. (Especially so in Jaïpur’s EdP formula.) 

On top of that, London pretty much goes to pot in its early-arriving drydown, which is nondescript sweet vanillic woods. It’s adequate, but no more. I don’t smell half the notes in the scent pyramid above - no leather, no tobacco, no “port wine,” and certainly no moss – only mimosa (heliotropin), cinnamon, something vanillic, and weak opopanax

I understand why this is a popular scent: like Armani Code, Geir, or Platinum Egoïste, it smells pleasant and inoffensive. Fine if that’s what you’re after, but for more or less the same money, I’d go for something like Jaïpur Homme or Body Kouros. They pretty much do what London does, but at least twice as well. Wear London and you’ll smell “nice.” Wear Jaïpur Homme or Body Kouros and you’ll smell distinguished.

neutral The initial blast of tobacco, lavender, bergamot and the a wine-note is very nice, but then, after about half an hour it disappears, very close to my skin, into a dull and generic base that lasts another ninety minutes or so.  Great start but then disappointing. 
neutral As many others have said, fantastic scent with so-so projection and poor longevity. Scent is pretty much Christmas in a bottle - a woody (pine), tobacco scent that is especially great for colder weather. 10/10 for scent.

Unfortunately the projection isn't the best, and the longevity is downright bad - pretty much disappears within an hour or two. Really a shame given how lovely the scent is, but the only way to get any real mileage out of the scent is to reapply 5 or 6 times a day. Thumbs up for the scent, neutral on projection, thumbs down on longevity.....so everything taken together I'll go down the middle on this one. 

If they ever make even a 4-6 hour version with better projection, it'll be a thumbs way up.
neutral Wish I could go either way with this one... Mad that it lasts for a couple minutes then doesn't exist anymore but I love those 8 to 10 minutes it lasts. C'mon Burberry make it last for 20 minutes at least...
neutral Enjoyable scent, one of the best of the Burberry's I've tried but it doesn't last long at all.  2 hours as said above is about right for me too..  Very weak
positive If a very nice smelling fall potpourri packet married with a tobacco infused cologne you'd have something much like Burberry London. This is neither bash nor compliment. But all in all, I enjoy Burberry London and reach for it far more than I am capable of justifying in words.

Despite smelling of dark and rich spice, this is a rather light scent. Too light really. I find myself wishing it were stronger and my body heat does little to boost the projection. Spray too much and the composition tends to become muddled and unpleasant.

More sensual than sexual, London is reassuring and comforting in nature much like pulling a warm blanket over you in the cold. Absolutely I get the holiday vibe. Cinnamon appears the only culinary note. Despite this I always imagine the odor of confections baking in the kitchen as is often the case on Thanksgiving or Christmas with a hint of the decorated evergreen standing in the living room. Lends itself quite well for casual or office use in fall/winter/spring.

The scent doesn't develop a great deal on my skin throughout its life with the tobacco note coming more and more to the foreground as the other notes die down. From what I've come to understand regarding the scent profile of opponax and having experienced the odor of mimosa blossom, there is a honeyed nature to the fragrance as well. Somewhat vegetal even. I have a hard time putting a finger on any definitive expression of leather within the composition.

I wouldn't imagine I'd ever want to smell like a potpourri air freshener nor baked pies but London earned a place in my heart right away. All the same I reach for it often simply so that I might have the pleasure of relaxing with it on me.

Thumbs up.
positive up their with gucci pour homme and d&g as far as the best cold weather scents. also dior intense. very smoky and woody. great atributes that lead to the longevity and brilliance of london. projects great and sillage is unimaginable. great also if you are a smoker. top notch stuff from burberry..
positive Burberry London is an excellent boozy, fruity, spicy fragrance that conjures fall and winter in my mind.  A walk down a city street with leaves drifting to the ground, snow flakes emerging from where it is they hide, stepping into a home with a fire in the hearth. This is one of those fragrances that is Proustian.  Evocative.  I highly recommend it.  It lasts about six hours on my skin, longer in my mind.
positive Darn good juice.  Tobacco, leather and spices. I envision the most interesting man in the world in a hot tub in Aspen surrounded by tan vixens.  I feel like I should be smoking pheasant in a log cabin when I wear this, but could just as well be sipping champagne on a date outside in the chill air.  The longevity is excellent. I still had this on my clothes 24 hours later.  The projection is pretty darn good.  Love it!
positive This is the perfect fragrance for damp autumn days - I dont know why but it's specifically wet days rather than cold days that it seems to suit so well - as soon as you put it on you think cherry pipe tobacco,a glass of mulled wine, barbour jackets and walks through pine woods to the pub! 

There is one big problem with this scent though - the longevity is pretty awful, I get a couple of hours maximum which is a shame, and there is no projection at all.
positive A wonderfully rich and warm traditional men's fragrance (that drives me pleasantly insane)!

Think horseback riding; think a den with lovely old books and the smell of fine cigar.

With the smooth buttery leather and tobacco wafts of London I envision curling up with a partner in a log cabin in front of a fire. I find it very comforting, warm, and sensual. 

This is a classically masculine scent helped by body heat -- the kind of scent I want to nuzzle into on my partner (or wear myself to bring back the memories). 

This is a winter scent for sure, more deep, base, buttery and smooth than Burberry Brit (which I find brighter, spicier, and also adore). 

For me the leather, tobacco, and pepper predominate and that's why I like it so much, although I do find this somewhat complex with the other lighter notes keeping my nose entertained, revitalized and coming back for more. 

It's a traditional kind of sexy that I envision on men looking to be distinguished and worldly (think Tom Selleck, think 'The Most Interesting Man in the World" campaigns) that I think could be worn by both younger or older men, just with the right attitude. 

If you want to make a nouveau art/design scent statement, this is likely not the one.

On me this scent has fine projection and longevity, and I find it so wonderful, that even if it didn't, frankly, I wouldn't care. I would just keep buying more.  

A vehement thumbs up from me!
positive Perfect frag fragrance for fall.  when I smell this I think of cool/cold damp foggy weather with leaves on the ground, or a thanksgiving day walking through the woods.  Very nice and unique.
positive unexpensive like all Burberry scents but a small masterpiece with a pleasant drydown that will follow you with the Ladies right down in the groove...
positive I've had a brief amount of time to sample this one.  Overall, it stands out from many other fragrances and seems very good for the winter.  I would probably give this one at least a 7 or maybe an 8 out of 10.
positive Great frag!  CRAPPY longevity....  If it lated more than 3 hrs it would rock!  I think then it turns into only a weak leather scent.  On the upside, it is a leather scent to die for.  The leather stays super close to the skin for maybe 1 more hour.  Best if sprayed onto clothes for me.  I can smell it the next day.  I wish I could get a scent of just that leather with a touch of the other notes.  My God!  Burberry make an intense!
positive London is a spicy, fresh, piney tobacco.  The port wine and cinnamon are fairly clear as well.  But regardless of the notes that may or may not be easily identified by me or anyone that happens to be wearing this fragrance, one thing seems to be clear: This smells of Christmas.  Now I know that's hard to explain, but from my point of view it just reminds me of the family Christmas party.  Spray it on a Christmas card and BOOM, the recipient has that much more holiday spirit.  

I think it could match the Thanksgiving party too.

Whatever, this is a warming fragrance that's perfect cold weather.  Wear it from November to March, unless Spring comes early.
positive One of my favourite fall/winter scents. The opening is pretty much spice, cinnamon is the big stand out to me. Then it mellows out into a more pine like scent while still retaining that intial spiciness. Some have reviewed it as "Christmas in a bottle". I would tend to agree with them.

Only downside is longevity. This begins to sit very close to the skin after 4 hours for me. Having said that, it isn't an overly pricey fragrance. I will aim to have this in my regular cold weather fragrance rotation.
positive Burberry London is a very mild fragrance, but the smells are very strong to the nose. Its definately a warmer scent, meant for cold weather. However, its alright during the Fall too.

The top notes are somewhat repulsive to me. If i were to smell the bottle directly, I would find the notes very strong; too strong. However, it's the middle and base notes that make this fragrance. However, some girls find the top notes nice, so maybe its just me.

The base (and middle) notes are the heart of this fragrance is in the base notes. The oriental spice is very captivating. Its warm, best suited for winter. But there's an inconsistency. Sometimes, you smell it, and it seems like its weak; then it almost seems to come back stronger after a few minutes. The projection is a little above average, and longevity is average, 6 or so hours.

I wouldn't recommend this for an beginner fragrance; but if you want to try something new, bold, warm, (and reminds you of christmas), then get this. Its definately on my TRY list, but not for a beginner.
positive Pines, bergamot and peppers done well! The initial impression gives off a lot of pine.
It's tamed after the 1st 10 minutes and u get this pleasing festive scent. It's a good signature scent. i see it doing well in all seasons other than summer! Very difficult to offend anybody with this one! 
positive It's to bad it does'nt last long because it's an amazing fragrance. The cinnamon and other spices make this an amazing scent that is my go-to fragrance for fall/winter.
positive Burberry London for Men by Burberry - Initially, one senses a fresh vibe from the lavender tempered by the bergamot; but this yields quickly to the cinnamon leaves and a dash of black pepper, conjuring up a pleasant, muted, spicy cinnamon note. Off in the distance, one perceives leather pulling this opening to its middle, where the leather becomes resplendent with a floral fruitiness from the mimosa flower and sweet fruitiness from the port wine. This festive heart meanders to the lovely base. This comforting base has a delectable tobacco vibe furnished by tobacco leaf, and an evocative woodiness from the melange of smooth guaiac wood, earthy oakmoss and nutty opoponax. This nicely blended composition cries out for the cold so it may manifest all its glory. The letdown is this well made fragrance only has average longevity and projection.
positive on my skin i get cinnamon,peppery,leathery goodness with this one ...wouldnt wear when its not cold out tho perfect for fall/winter etc. 
positive Happy Christmas folks!
Reminds me of fall. when the sky is cloudy. You're walking in a big jungle with so many pine trees in it! The rain starts and great pine tree's scent …..
Very natural scent that take me out of this world!
I only wear this fragrance when I'm alone at home and want to enjoy a magical fragrance! 
The only problem with this fragrance is it's projection and longevity.
Last for only one hour on my skin but this is a special hour in my day!
Well done Burberry.
positive Lovely stuff. One of the most pleasantly smelling fragrances I've smelled.
positive Had heard rave reviews about it.This was a blind buy and boy...I am glad I bought it.I love this edt.There is something special about this perfume which guarantees positive remarks from this scent.Port wine,tobacco,mimosa flower,bergamot and leather are the prominent scents which comes out of this wonderful fragrance.Tobacco on the dry down is icing on the cake.This is a refined fragrance which is best suited for formal evenings and a romantic date.Guys expecting on your face,straight fresh aquatic notes may be disappointed.This is a spicy oriental fragrance for people who want to feel confident and sophisticated.You are assured of getting positive comments from the opposite sex.
Another point which goes in its favor is that its a very safe buy.Not many people will hate it bcoz its a very pleasant scent.
Try visualizing Sean Connery,Pierce Brosnan,George Clooney or Brad Pitt wearing this fragrance.Thats what we are talking about.Pure sophistication.
My all time favorite fragrance.Hands down.
positive I own London, Brit, and the Beat. Of the 3, London is by far my favorite. Burberry is very good at making all their colognes different from each other. London reminds me of the holidays. A lot of people say that it smells like Christmas and I agree. It would be perfect to wear on a cold winter day with a button up shirt underneath a warm jacket, walking through a snow covered park. The projection stays pretty close to the skin and longevity is around 5-6 hours. It smells mature and classy. It almost exudes elegance. This is a good casual wear and date scent best reserved for winter/fall. I couldn't imagine sporting this cologne while walking down the Waikiki stip wearing shorts, a t-shirt, and sandals...that's what Acqua Di Gio is for ;)

negative This is absolutely true about  Burberry London for Men. This lacks longevity and projection big time. After 2 hours it was long gone. Not worth the $$$$$. 
negative I thought it would be impossible to find a fragrance that projects less the D&G The One, but lo and behold Burberry London has proved me wrong.
I blind bought this fragrance after hearing all the good reviews about it and was extremely disappointed when I actually sprayed it. All I got from it was a very watery pine scent which hugs my skin after 10mins and a pwdery dry down with a hint of cherry, to be fair the dry down isnt bad but it just does not project on my skin at all and completely disappears completely after 2 hours. 

Im really disappointed with this buy and wouldn't buy it again.

My Score

Projection: 1/10
Longevity: 2/10
Fragrance: 5/10
negative Perhaps I got a bad decant or my skin chemistry is dysfunctional, but the way I experienced Burberry London was disappointing.  It was redolent of sulfur and sporty deodorant, petering out after two hours to a powdery base.  I guess it's fortunate that the the sillage and longevity are weak on this one.

neutral This was a blind buy, and it smells great... but for some reason the opening smells a bit like tea, and I get a lot of spice. Like I said, it smells good, but it just isn't the type of thing I could love and wear all the time, especially because the longevity isn't great. Still, not a bad smell, some people love it, and for a good reason.
neutral Few elements paint this pleasant but undistinguished fragrance, i mean first of all a citrus-lavender opening dynamic and almost bracing flanked by a masculine note of pepper lasting in time, elements  in a while fading towards a middle stage mastered by an heliotropic cinnamon-mimosa duo averagely mild and sharp than finally sliding on a bed of moss, powdery woods and smoky myrrh. The final smell is linear, talky and with a peppery and masculine undertone of tobacco. I absolutely don't detect the leather while the winey-citrusy-floral (almost feminine) vibe starts increasing with the running of the time. I agree with Off-Scenter, the smell is averagely pleasant, inoffensive but lacking of distinction, complexity, authority and classic allure. Mediocre scent in the same vein of Spicy Oriental Pecksniff's.
neutral Very nice smelling fragrance for the fall and perhaps winter, but it lacks longevity and projection.  Unfortunately, my skin drinks this stuff up and the scent completely disappears after half an hour.  Such a shame.
neutral smells great but personally I can not associate this smell with fragrance on a person. a little too gourmand I would say. 
I get cherry most of all. 

with that said, I would still wear this in winter.
neutral Put this one on your skin and you will be basically saying to everybody: Hey, it's Christmas time!

Burberry London smells like pine tree mixed with spicy notes like cinnamon, and a hint of red wine. Very nice smell, but sadly it doesn't last. But this is not a thumbs down, I just wish it stays longer on my skin, since it is a pleasant smell all the way through.
neutral It smells great for me, I mean, it ALMOST fits my personality because of the tobacco

Unfortunately, that was the best thing I could find in the store, and it proved not great as I thought, plainly because it does not last and has very poor projection...

I mean, I bought it hidden from my family, and I go around the house wearing it and NOONE notices, and noone EVER commented, but my girlfriend, and she only commented after hugging me and have her nose literally rubbed on it.
positive Great scent!

Ideal for fall or winter but to be honest this fragrance may actually smell good on certain people no matter what the climate! My professor was wearing this in 90deg heat and it somehow worked!

Definately in my top 3 of scents. Perfect for cooler weather. Highly recommended if you're tired of the typical leather scents or gourmands that tend to dominate the senses once the cold weather hits.


positive Burberry London, as with all my purchases was a blind buy. I guess I just like the excitement of not knowing what I'm going to get. Then, that initial first sniff, that warrants a scent a worthy place on my shelf or thrown in the drawer for "dire emergencies".

This one, this one was a winner for sure, right from the get-go! I've never been as initially happy with any aftershave. And I don't buy aftershaves based on what notes I like, I don't break the scent down noticing the aroma and texture and other such stuff. I am, in short not a connoisseur. I just sniff it, and if it smells good I stick with it. 
But this I'm sure, would please just about anyone. Right from the average joe's all through to the real aficionados.

The name "Burberry" I must say did put me off until I read some reviews which put my mind at ease. I was expecting some, lager soaked, cigarette strewn council house with some Lynx thrown in to cover up, kinda smell. "London" put me off also, I'm a countryside boy. Not big into these hustling bustling cities.
Thankfully my assumption couldn't have been more wrong! 
It's a comforting, warm, cosy type smell. In a word "Cuddly". Especially fit for the colder months when you and a lady friend are getting settled down in front of the fire, with a cup of hot chocolate, while it rains outside.
This in my book is what aftershave's are all about. Yea, you smell good. But it's one of those that can quite easily create and capture a moment/period in your life. 
Something you can revisit years later and it'll take you straight back. After all, the sense of smell is the sense most closely linked to memory.
Top 5 without doubt!
positive I was eager to test Burberry London for Men as a potential purchase for my boyfriend, who is a rather heavy smoker. Unfortunately this fragrance didn't suit him, however I am quite captivated by the scent.

Burberry London smells like the ideal man to me. Masculine, strong, fierce and sophisticated. 

This fragrance is certainly spicy, but not in a nose-burning, Indian cuisine type sense. It's more peppery and herbaceous. 

In the opening, the violet leaf, lavendar and bergamot create a somewhat soothing and aromatic quality, however the pepper note insists on making this fragrance masculine and strong. 

The introduction of mimose in the heart is actually really unique in the way that it adds a little sweetness along with the smooth yet sexual scent of leather. Despite the sweetness, Burberry London has rugged appeal.

Although I am not a smoker myself, the scent of tobacco puts me at ease. I love the way my boyfriend smells; like smokey tobacco, mint-flavoured chewing gum, musty clothes and fruit-scented hair gel. The drydown in a way reminds me of him. It has a very smokey, musty and woodsy quality that I wouldn't mind wearing myself.

With that being said, although Burberry London is essentially a very masculine fragrance, a woman could perhaps succeed in wearing it. It would take the right kind of woman however.


positive Dip mild tobacco leaves in vanilla and cinnamon, store them in an aromatic cedar chest, and you've got Burberry London.  I find it works best as a "surface spray," arms, neck, etc.  As a chest spray, it gets a bit sickly sweet on me over time.  Still, it's beautiful stuff. 
positive Simply awesome.

Incredibly great scent, but with median sillage and longevity.

But it's still strong in my all time top 10 
positive From the first sniff, I was infatuated with this fragrance.  When I spray it on my neck, I find myself trying to turn my head quickly so it wafts up my nose.  

The port wine in this is refined and rich, and the tobacco is dark.  When I wear this on a cold night, it heightens my experience, like lighting a fire in the fireplace or wearing a warm trenchcoat.  

The only problem with this fragrance is that it doesn't last long, though my girlfriend can still smell it on me when I no longer can.  

Definitely in my winter/autumn rotation.
positive Didn't care for this when I did my first review on this. After owning a bottle I can see why so many members recommend this. One of the few fragrances that less experienced noses can enjoy along with the more critical noses. It does have a downside which is longevity and this is really something that Burberry dropped the ball on. An extreme or intense version would put this in holy grail territory for many a fragrance lover.
positive Really, really enjoying this right now. Were it not for its longevity (which is substandard, even by popular designer standards), this would be a 5 star scent in my book. Recommended try at the least.
positive Burberry London is currently my no.1 favorite, so far the only fragrance that has no fault to my nose, the only weakness is longevity, but that's okay, just wish it stays longer on my skin. Granted that I'm new at fragrance, and the number of fragrances I've tried are far too small for afficionados here, but I can smell quality when I sniff it. 
Masculine, sophisticated, mature and calm, the other frag with this impression that I can think of is John Varvatos, which I also love, but its much more meak down in the progression, and while longevity wise it's about the same, the dry down is all sweet vanilla on me, so I was very disappointed every time the basenotes starts to fade. 
Burberry London really is the opposite, the progression from the first top notes (which to my newbie nose keep smells like avocado) really takes you on a journey, just enough sweetness, complexity and balance, to a satisfying end on a very cozy place. Every time I try to imagine what the smell makes me think of, I keep seeing myself being out at night with friends in a small, smoky, crowded yet very cozy friendly bar with the list of music such as coltrane, duke ellington & johnny hartman playing and you keep enjoying yourself until you realize its 1.30 past midnight and it would be disappointing to end this soon but it's okay, you had a great time. 
After some time, i find myself wishing the top notes and base notes are switched. Then i would give this fragrance a near perfect rating, 9 out of 10! For now, it just has to be satisfied with 8/10.
Definitely will keep this in my wardrobe until I get tired of it in the next 10 years.
positive all i can say is i love this stuff
i get the toBacco note, it's more sweet in the Basenotes

the viBe i get with this it is very warm
for some reason i dont know why, it reminds me of a sweet sparkling BuBly capuccino
i don't drink coffe , But that's the vyBe i get
it's elegant at the same time.

one stripper once stopped me to ask what i was wearing
and she kept complimenting me on how good i smell

this fragrance makes you imagine aBout a day at home
with the family
at the kitchen they making cookies
everyBody drinking hot chocolate, surrounding a Blaze.

i see in the piramid that this fragrance doesnt contain those notes (chocolate, coffe)
But im just telling you how i get this 
positive Burberry London is a woody, spicy, oriental fragrance that has an outstanding reputation. It also is on the cheap side, which is nice. The note lineup is very nice and extremely unique. I mean Cinnamon, port wine, leather, and tobacco, I can not say that I have seen notes like that in any other fragrance. It really comes off as a very spicy top, with a floral aspect, given from the lavender, and a tiny hint of citrus. As it dries down, it becomes even darker, and much more woody. The port wine, tobacco, and leather come into play. They give Burberry London that boozy, intoxicating feel that it is known for. This is a perfect fragrance for the winter and fall, and it would be hard to find a better fragrance for the holidays. It is pretty masculine and mot certainly very unique. Longevity can at times be spotty, but I usually get 5-8 hours when I wear this fragrance.  This is for sure an amazing complement getter as well. Overall, Burberry London is by far one of the most unique and interesting fragrances that I have ever encountered. The notes help to make this one extraordinary along with the unmistakable bottle. For any one looking for a woody, spicy, oriental fragrance to us during the fall and winter, I would strongly recommend Burberry London.           
positive I love it.  Imagine chewing on a leather jacket covered in cinnamon and sugar... well it wouldn't taste so great but it sure does smell awesome.  The leather smell combines with some other ingredients that are less apparent to have a base smell thats manly and thick, and the top smell is that spicy sweet thing... so its like you're tough but also edible at the same time.  Totally rad combo.


positive Just Wonderful!
I love this.  It's so... delicious! (haha don't really know my stuff)

For sure one of my faves.
positive great scent as we all know and one of the safest out there. not offensive to the nose even though it is full of spice and you cant go wrong with it. I bought it blind and am happy I did.  only problem is on my skin it doesnt project that well or last very long, maybe 4-6 hours. I still give it a thumbs up due to the smell and its relatively cheap so reapply isnt that big of a deal
positive I got this cologne a few weeks ago.  I sprayed a sample on my arm from Perfumania, and then walked out.  The initial smell was very weird.  So I started walking around the mall for about 30 min.  I was hungry, so I decided to get a grab to eat at the food court.  While eating my Panda Express (Orange Chicken, Kung Pao Chicken and Fried Rice) I took a sniffed on my arm, and I was like wow! this is a great cologne.  It's very unique.  Sweet, spicy, and very unique.  I know this cologne has been out for a while, but the plaided bottle is not very attracted, so I never tried it out.  After my lunch at Panda Express, I walked back to Perfumania, and I said can i get a bottle of the Burberry London?  The cute sales lady asked me which size I want?  I was like, I'll take the biggest size you got there please babe.  She was llike nice choice...good news for you too..you get 30% off this cologne...so I paid for the Burberry London and told her thank you and happy holidays...Overall I give this cologne a 2 thumbs up! and would have to say this is my favorite cold weather cologne. 
positive Burberry London is a simple square bottle with a plaid “cover” on it. It’s a different design, and fits into the Burberry line. Overall this is a great mature scent with a ton of spice throughout the fragrance. It starts out with a lavender/bergamot opening. This goes away rather quickly and the rest of the scent is spicy note. The cinnamon note really comes out and mixes slightly with a note of leather and port wine. It overall has a classic winter/holiday scent to it. For me it takes me directly to Christmas, snow, fresh cut Christmas trees etc. Burberry London screams festive!

The issue that I had with this fragrance is that it just wasn’t consistent. Some days it lasted 2 hours and then it was just totally gone. The next day it would last 6-8 hours with really no reason at all. The projection on this for the first few hours was great, and then after the initial drydown (2-4 hours) it gets close to the skin. For me Burberry London is a perfect evening wear scent, but I could see it being worn during a winter day. I think this is the perfect fragrance for those December activities either in or outdoors. This is a spicy fragrance, and I’d mainly suggest it to the 20+ crowd. I think it’s perfect for 25+ but it can be pulled off by younger folks. Again I see this as a date/evening fragrance. I wouldn’t use this at a party, but more an intimidate setting.

BURBERRY LONDON = TRY

If you’re looking for a fragrance to be worn in December, then this is perfect. It really depends on your motives. If you’re a one/two bottle of cologne type of person, then I’d say just get a sample of this. It simply isn’t versatile enough to be purchased for those folks. However, if you’re a person that has 5+ bottles for different occasions, then I think this is a buy. It just can’t be beat for the winter evenings and in those intimate settings.
Scent strength: moderate
Recommended age: mature
Scent life: 2-10 hours
Recommended use: casual/evening
Classification: oriental/spicy
Price: $$

<a href="http://www.thecolognereview.com/">Cologne Review</a>
positive What an evergreen this already is, and I am not refering to the notes. The colour of Burberry London to me would rather be a very deep maroon. It holds all of the qualities I am looking for in a man's fragrance, and it has it's very own distinctive style that, in my mind, makes it incomparable to other scents.It is just remakable how complex and yet extremely well balanced Burberry London is. From the well pronounced cinnamon and the black pepper, soon balanced with the lavender, in the opening, through the tobacco and leather, to the beautiful clean, almost soapy drydown with the cinnamon still shining through.Longevity-wise people have complemented my smell long after I thought it had faded away. And lately I have tested this by spraying my wrist in the afternoon and still have smelled it the next morning. Some fragrances do tend to make the wearer "immune" to the scent after a while.I never thought I was going to say this about a Burberry-scent, but Burberry London is one of my all-time favourite fragrances. And did I mention the versatility?
positive This one definitely grew on me.  I was initially repulsed by its woody, boozy feel but I eventually got to love the cozy vibe it gives.  Not much else smells like this, and it gets compliments like crazy.  Hands down the perfect Fall fragrance.  
positive A true Classic !!! This scent to me smells like a brilliant blend of Pine and Cherry if they were to clash... A classic scent that I would love to wear but right now I feel its to mature for me... Prolly my 2nd favorite scent though next to L'eau D'Issey !!!Rating: ranging from 1-10 Smell: 9.25 Projection:10 This has perfect projection for the first 2 hours not too overpowering but you deffinitly get a smell of someone wearing this when there near) but then dies down and stays close to the skin after the 2 hour periodLongevity: 6.5 ( I get anywhere from 2-6 hours with this) so time varies a lot and is unpredictable Overall Rating:8.75 (I really want to give this a solid 9 but since the longevity is so sketchy I have to give it an 8.75)Age Range:25-60Best Seasons to use in: The perfect fragrance for fall and winter Best uses: I see this as a good going out fragrance, but can also be used for intimate settings and formal occasions such as church,dates, and formal dinners
positive Someone asked me the other day if I could chose the smell of my sweat, what would it be. Two words: BURBERRY LONDONThis is a bottle size version of a: dimly lit room, walls covered with dark paint and shelves of classic books. Stained wooden floors, every item of furniture is leather, and there's a cigar case sitting next to a bottle of scotch atop the wine shelf.Burberry London oozes class and style, simply brilliant. And no it doesn't smell like an old man or his wife's spice cabinet. It is an intoxicating warm/mysterious scent. Its not a BAM in your face, here's what I smell like type of cologne. No, It welcomes you in and takes you on a tour. It is a symphony! The Cinnamon and Lavender balance each other out to put out sweet calling card. The Citrus and Black Pepper meld together with the Port Wine and Leather to create a warm, rich syrup. And lastly the Tobacco (not a smoke, but a leaf smell) and Woods are the raised stage that all the scents are set upon. All the world's a stage and this is your soap box that will get you noticed.
positive Bought this blind based on the many good reviews and i am not at all disappointed. Knew this was a Fall fragrance that is spicy and rich. I had imagined it would smell a bit like burning leaves or Halloween, however it turns out to be more of a Christmas smell. Imagine a pine tree with some nice spices like nutmeg and cinnamon. Very deep and soothing scent. Definitely try this one out. I would think people would either love it or hate it. I personally love it. Enjoy :)

negative I was looking for a cold weather fragrance and was recommended Burberry London. I like the smell of leather, tobacco leaf and cinnamon, so I had to give it a try.

The opening was sharp, spicy and borderline offensive. I didn't like it, but a lot of fragrances start out that way and calm down to something more pleasant. I wore two sprays of Burberry London around the mall. After about an hour, I just couldn't stand it anymore and had to wash it off. Very few fragrances do that to me, but Burberry London did.

Maybe it was because the mall was hot, stuffy and crowded, but I just couldn't handle Burberry London.

I can't give a complete review of London because I washed it off before I've fully experienced it, but one thing was for certain. I didn't like it.

I'm going to have to try Burberry London again in order to complete this review. Because of my unpleasant experience, I'll still have to give it a thumbs down, but I'll at least give it my highest thumbs down rating. I'll be back to add more to this review.

London gets a 3 out of 5. Subject to change, hopefully for the better.
negative The longer into the dry down, the more this reminded me of Sung Homme - and I hate Sung Homme.

neutral Nice smell , but I think there is too much hype with this fragrance.
As other reviewers say, this has a synthetic touch that annoys specially at the top and middle notes .
When it dries down is when this fragrance shows its good qualities.
The notes I feel the most are tobacco leaf, wine and pepper .
Longevity is better than average but projection is nearly absent, no one around you notes when you are wearing it.
Nice bottle covered in tweed. Not too expensive

Let's be neutral.
neutral It's a nice smell, however, it can only be enjoyed in the cooler months.

Less is definitely more with this one as well.  If you spray more than 2 then you'll smell like cherry flavoured cough syrup.  But I recommend 1 spay to neck and 1 on the wrist and then tap the wrists to enjoy it to it's fullest.
neutral Nice smell indeed.

But with such weak projection and longevity I really don't know when is the best time to use this scent...

Summer, and you smell like a Xmas tree. Winter and no one can really smell you!
neutral There are basically two fragrances here.  One is the same that is in Cuba Red, which is dry, at least slightly synthetic, woody, and spicy.  The other is dominated by the "port wine" note.  The "problem" is that the port wine thing doesn't last that long, and you are left with Cuba Red, more or less.  This is why I can't give it a positive review (and also because it is at least slightly synthetic to my nose).  The Cuba Red type of thing lasts a long time, but with modest projection/"sillage."  I swapped mine off, but I kept a bottle of Cuba Red, though I don't wear it often, because of the big price difference.
neutral I love this fragrance, I truly do.  However, when it comes to perfumes, one must also take into account other people's opinions.  I was given a big sample of Burberry London and I used it for a week.  I fell in love with the tobacco/wine note.  In fact, this rich sweet note reminds me of aromatic pipe tobacco which I find rather interesting.  I could not bring myself to buy BL though.  I only got bad comments on this EDT.  Someone told me that I smelled like I an empty bottle of cheap booze.  A French guy who works with me told me I smelled like "la goutte", which is an old home remedy for the cold, I think.  When I asked some friends what they thought of BL, the most positive comment I got was "Well, it sure is special" (in my book, this is a polite way to say:  "I don't care for it but, hey, it's none of my business!").  Anyway, I may buy a bottle just for my personal pleasure.  I could wear BL in the privacy of my own home without offending anyone.  Too bad...
neutral  What seemed at first like a real contender of a fragrance turned out to be a great pretender. The sweet, jammy port with the tobacco, pepper, and leather is certainly classy in a delicious way and really the composition is original and refreshing. What ultimately prevented me from loving/buying London is the fact that it's got all the endurance of a doughnut enthusiast in a footrace. 
neutral i loved this at first and thought i'd found a grail. then i got bored. most of my fragrance purchases seem to end up like this LOL! perhaps it is indeed better suited for the place it is named after but during the holidays it is nice to break this out once in awhile.
positive This is one of the sexiest fragrances that I own, and it is also my most complemented fragrance. A lot of people have longevity and sillage problems with this, but I don't know why. I go one spray on the neck, one on each wrist and I am getting complements about it 8-10 hours later. For example. I'll leave with a group of buds at 6PM to go for supper and clubbing. By after supper I'm just getting into the heart notes, I really get the port wine on my skin but at the same time I can still smell the lavender and cinnamon. Around 2 o clock, girls are still smelling me, especially the tobacco drydown and I'm taking them home. This thing is the best wingman you'll ever have, dont just take my word. Go try it.
positive I love Burberry London. It makes me think of James Bond. It just screams romance and sexiness. The longevity isn't all that great but frankly that works pretty well since I don't think I've ever put this on before 7 PM. It is a night-time fragrance only. It definitely strikes me as the most complex fragrance with the least amount of change while you're wearing it. It manages to hang on to the same spicy/floral/leather+tobacco scents in the same proportion for hours without ever devolving into some boring one-note drydown. I also like spraying this on my pillows before going to bed. 
positive I like the spices and the port wine note in Burberry London.  For me, it's a good all round fragrance that's suitable for both casual wear or office attire.  Good stuff.
positive One of my BEST evening scents. Absolutely perfect for cold nights and romantic dates.
positive I confess, I am a bit of a niche perfume snot. I tend not to give highly commercial fragrances much of a chance for fear of being doused by a counter attendant in headache-inducing, 90%-diesel-fuel EDT's that reek mostly of expensive and clueless desperation . . . BUT . . . I was so pleasantly surprised by Burberry London.It's a laced-up fragrance with a sophisticated and contemporary twist. Right out of the bottle you get a really soft green bergamot and a sagey-dry lavender, soft powdered leather, like Victorian frangiapanni gloves, but with a lot of elegant structure from the sweet tobacco and oakmoss on the bottom. I absolutely love the wonderful solar tobacco accord in this scent which stays on loud and proud through the dry down-- all 6 or so hours of it. It is so warm and bronzed that it almost reads as black tea. The silage is good but not amazing-- not a problem for me since I like to wear scent that stays close to the skin, and I find London to be one of those scents that you wouldn't want to catch wind of unless you were close enough to be dancing, it really requires that underlying warmth of human skin to come off at its best.My skin tends to sweeten scents that are a bit more masculine, and this scent could be very masculine on some, but I am a woman (who loves ballsy leathery scents and unisex chypres) and I feel very confident wearing this scent out in a elegant vintage 30's dress. It's intellectual but just dissident enough to be both serious and a bit iconoclastic. Some have raved about the port wine note, but it's truly not very prominent on me-- it is not the least bit boozy. I would mention, too that while it seems at first to be a cool-weather favorite, the woody tobacco and mimosa in the drydown actually make it comfortable for warmer weather, it has a bit of a sun-baked dried-hayfield in it, especially when you're warm yourself. 
positive No matter how many times I've worn it, it keeps me intrigued.  I can't stop smelling myself.  Perfect warmth, perfect spice, perfect mystery.  I love it.  I wouldn't change anything about it.  It opens up sweet and spicy from the port wine and cinnamon, and is warmed instantaneously by the leather and tobacco.  Not a cigarette smoke type, but a really rich unlit pipe tobacco.  
positive Most of Burberry's fragrances are dull as dry toast, so I expected to hate this. So what a nice surprise it was for me to instead find a rather bold, peppery tobacco and leather scent that gives off an olfactory illusion of being a sweet patchouli scent. I think the combination of the port wine, pepper and tobacco give that illusion of this having a ton of patchouli in it.  Buberry London gets better over time, and in fact smells even spicier and drier as it evolves, but it always maintains its slight sweetness, probably from the leather and port wine, and it never spins out of control into a syrupy or spicy mess. No longevity problems for me either with this. This is an excellent fragrance.My rating: 8/10
positive excellent scent for night and romantic occasions.......its definately very hip and sexy with a nice edge to it and the drydown is amazing
positive Nice gingerbread smelling type cologne but at the same time you can smell the port wine,  leather and tobacco making it very mature. I see this as a dress shirt and slacks fragrance. LOVE IT.
positive Lavender and violet leaves strike my nose instantly every time I press the spray. Very pleasant, sweet and spicy at the same time but not cloying at all ☻This is one of the most elegant woody fragrance I ever smelt ☻IMHO, formal dress goes pretty well with this fragrance as it has a maturity into it. Burberry London is a pretty unique scent in my cllection.Longevity is minimum of 6 hours on my skin. Sillage is rather decent. Tobacco leave and oak moss drydown is fascinating to my nose.☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻Wonderful British gentlemen scent☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻ 
positive Owned it. Loved it. Returned it. Intoxicating scent. Smells like wine, with just the right amount of leather. Rich aroma. No matter how old you are, makes you smell "more mature than your years". Smells intellectual, mature, confident, self-assured. Too bold, too loud for my lifestyle, for my "target audience". A twenty-something wearing this in public, even on a night-out, will attract A LOT of attention. 
positive The ultimate cold weather scent. Smells mostly of cinnamon. Is very unique and inviting. It doesn't last very long but projects well. I've prolly recieved more compliments from wearing this scent than any other. You will never tire of smelling this amazing scent.
positive Awesome fragrance. Too bad it has very very poor longevity (4-5 hours). Hey, that's life.
positive I love the smell of Burberry London, absolutely one of my favorites.The only downside is that the longevity is too short on my skin. 
positive Top notes can be a little bit intimidating for someone afraid of smelling like your grandfather.. reminds me of the original green polo for some reason.  After a while it soothes down to a sophisticated, earthy but sweet scent that I find to be more for personal enjoyment than to be making any kind of statement.  it does set the mood for christmas..its nice, you owe it to yourself to try it on your wrist at least once in the winter. alright longevity medium to poor sillage.
positive I really like this fragrance a LOT. I was never interested in Burberry fragrances but after reading so many great reviews I decided to buy a bottle.The fragrance is very well crafted but it does not last very long on me and that is a problem. For some reason this juice makes me think of Christmas I can almost "see" the Christmas light and trees. I love the sweet tobacco notes, very well executed, it is mildly boozy as well. I also get a tender vanilla note that plays in the background but since there is no vanilla it must be the lavender/cinnamon combined. This one is a winner in my book. Well done Burberry!
positive For me this is a peppery, bergamot, lavender and leather potion, that is better out of the bottle and on your skin.  The dry down is nice and warm.  It is a typical quality frag from Burberry.  It may be a little to much black pepper for some, but that note retreats after an hour or so of wearing and the lavender and leather kick in. It is a 'pepe' style EDT that I recommend for the twenty+ crowd, and for evening events.  
positive Just a wonderful fragrance. At first I wasn't won over by the almost cherry-like port note that permeates throughout the progression, but i've grown to love it from start to finish. The dry down is one of the best i've experienced at my current early stage in fragrance discovery. You get the smoke and wood, with that port juuuust peeping in to lift the whole thing. The port note is somewhat cloying, but definitely in a good way, as it helps balance the notes in the dry down. Definitely a cold wintery scent. It paints a picture of sitting by the fireplace eating Christmas pudding while the grown ups are in the background drinking wine after the big Christmas dinner. In terms of longevity and sillage, they're not terrible, but they're not exactly great either. Now sillage is probably a 5/10. You'd probably have to stand like a foot away (if that) to notice it. The longevity (on my skin at least) is rather strange. While the main body of the scent lasts around 5-6 hours for me, i'll easily be able to pick up at the very least a tiny bit of the tobacco and definitely some of the port probably 12 hours after application. Overall a wonderful fragrance for colder weather, marred only by the spotty longevity.  
positive This is what class smells like on a cold autumn night.  Rich, rich scent of oranges and cloves over the leather.  Does not fare well in the Texas heat so I save it for the special occasions in the (brief) winter months.
positive Christmas in a bottle basically. All the scents of the season. Very "dry" drydown so it won't last too long. Nice.
positive Classy, arrogant, a bit uptight, conservative, but once you get to know him he is open, warm, humorous, yet calm. That is me, that is this Burberry London. Beautiful!

Update - a lot of folks complain about longevity, but I get 10 + hours with quite a good projection.
positive Great Scent. Very Modern. Something wrote on this forum that Jaipur pour Homme by Boucheron was similar and superior to London is competely wrong. Jaipur Homme doesn't smell anything like London. Jaipur smells like the old barber shaving cream. Leave the jaipur homme for old gentlemen in their 70s and enjoy the warming scent of Burberry London.
positive It was late summer 1994 and I was on a 6 week assignment with a travel agency just off Piccadily Circus. On one of the evenings, a group of us headed off to a bar for drinks and had a blast at karaoke, making complete arses of ourselves. That's what this scent reminds me of - 'making arses of ourselves'. OK, just kidding. I'm talking about the atmosphere. From the peppery boozy opening right to the mildly powdery sweetness tinged with tobacco smoke. Unfortunately, longevity issues mean the fun ends rather abruptly with someone yelling "Hey, stop hogging the mike...!"       
positive London was one of my early favorites, and it has stayed among the top contenders throughout my sniffings of countless other designer brands, so it merits an extra-long review. It's woody and sweet with moderate spices, like so many others, but it's a unique sappy, leafy wood, like you're smelling the tiny nascent leaves sprouting out of a tree branch. It's especially so in the top notes, but I even find it somewhat from smelling the basenote residue in the bottle cap. People talk about the port wine note, and I might say it reminds me more of sherry or marsala than port, but there is definitely a fortified-wine component. I think it adds a mellow, calming presence to an already gentle scent. There's something close to milk-chocolateyness in the top, but not exactly...it's more honeyed, like the flavor of Sixlets, the chocolate-like candies that I had a brief but passionate love affair with during childhood. Or of the faux-chocolate carob chips that you see at health food stores. But there's not nearly enough of this component to make London a real gourmand scent. (Zirh Corduroy is related but a little more desserty if you like that sort of thing. Also excellent.)To me, London feels extremely natural, and it conjures up dry woods...not dry in the opposite-of-sweet sense, but the image of trees growing a dry setting that I remember:  the shady, dusty chaparral in a botanical garden near my home in southern california, with its manzanita bushes, live oaks and shrubs. So while I'm sure the pefumer meant to evoke a walk in a wet deciduous (European) forest after a fall or winter rain, I find myself reminded of quite a different place, my own little patch of dry western scrubland, just because of personal memories. The only problem with this stuff is something that it has in common with Obsession, though less so:  after the amazing top and middle, the base progresses too far into the territory of "standard vanilla wood because that's what everyone else does". (Still, London's a big notch down on the heaviness meter from Obsession!) Neither of them go so far as to become just a vanilla cliché, but this development always disappoints me a little. Still, London's vibe is so different from other wood scents that I love coming back to it again and again. It's truly rewarding.

negative This scent is pleasant to wear in the begining after application but the longevity is so short.  On me anyway, it lasts less than 1 hour.  Afterwards, it smells like a carpenter with perspiration odor.  Almost embarrassing!  If I want to smell this way all I need to do is work out at the gym for an hour.  I'd say it's a useless fragrance because it serves no purpose.....:"neither here nor there".

neutral Burberry London is unique. It stands apart from the others. I finally got some after reading all the reviews and raves. I sprayed some on my wrist about an hour ago and it is beginning to settle down from the initial spritz. I do not perceive any Christmas trees, pine, or anything like that. As it settles down it comes across as very rich, and people are using the word "boozy," whatever that means, and I guess it is appropriate--like someone's warm breath who's been drinking sweet wine--so I suppose I am detecting the port wine note. It's a nice aroma--the port wine, that is--and I think I can detect the leather note, too. Hmmm, I just remembered an old fragrance I have called "Casual Friday," and London definitely reminds me of that fragrance. (I just found my bottle of Casual Friday and sprayed some on a tissue. It is indeed, similar). CF is not as deep and "boozy," but there are some similarities. Even now, almost an hour after initial application I can't detect much else. It's a pleasant fragrance, to be sure, and very sophisticated, so it would be appropriate for formal occasions and a night out on the town. It's extremely masculine, and hearkens back to men's fragrances of years gone by. I like it, and I'll wear it, but I don't think it will become a favorite. As a side note:  I find Burberry Brit (the ladies version) to be more spectacular than this. Although worlds apart in aroma and characteristics, Brit--used in moderation--could easily be worn by a man, and is a masterpiece of a scent, in my opinion. Forgive me for throwing that in, since it has nothing to do with London. I just have strong feelings about Brit, too. 
neutral One of the better Burberry scents for men.  And that's probably because it emulates a true classic, that being Polo Green by Ralph Lauren.  The opening is a redo of Polo in a lighter version.  The mid to basenotes are okay, but all around sort of a disappointment.  This scent idea is better done in Polo Modern Reserve.  At the very end of its progression one is left with something akin to the scent of a bakery that specializes in cinnamon raisin bread.  I always pick the raisins out of my cinammon bread  and it's what I want to do with London.  I'll have to pass on this.
neutral This scent was great from the initial blast through dry down and into the base notes. Unfortunately it faded just as fast.  On the plus, it never failed at gaining a complement as long as a lady was around within the first 1.5 - 2 hours.
neutral London is actually a very nice scent--warm, woody, and somewhat gourmand--but it is not one that will always be in my collection.  The longevity is absolutely horrible.  I get around 2-3 hours maybe, but the sillage is nice for the first hour....
neutral On my skin, the opening of London for Men is a port wine soaked cinnamon bun with coconut covered icing. It would be nice to eat, but I’m not sure I want to smell like this without having said bun in my hand.As time passes the sweetness eases and a little bit of wood arrives. The wood is always in soft focus, because the syrupiness of the port wine permeates everything.The dry down is the best part of London for Men. The tobacco is close to fresh cut leaf and blends better with the port wine than with any other note in the fragrance.If you’re up for booze and bakery, then London for Men might be just the thing, but if you are after real quality try Boucheron Jaipur pour Homme instead. Jaipur is richer, deeper, and clearer.
positive A fresh classic. Still, in 2020, this one does not smell dated to me. Sure, nothing super special about it - just a nice, clean every day fresh scent.

Low priced and long lasting. I get longevity of a full work day (8 hours) and above average projection for close to 2 hours.

No wonder it has been a top seller for decades.

The scent 8/10
Projection/sillage 7/10
Price/value 9/10
positive 32 years after it's debut, and this Godfather of the aquatic-freshie genre is still a very popular best-seller, that transcends generations with it's winning, timeless fragrance!

Jasmine, lavender, peppermint, sandalwood, oakmoss all combine so nicely in a fresh symphony. Straight-forward yet multidimensional in it's development, with various aspects of the fragrance delightfully returning in gentle wafts hourly during its dry-down!  And so affordable!  You just can't go wrong with this.
positive I don't think anybody who is familiar with fragrances at all doesn't know what Cool Water smells like.  It is just part of the human DNA now.  Clean and powdery.  Modern fougere.  Will be recognizable to most, and will seem a bit low class because of its prior ubiquity, and its immediately recognizable profile.  It is a good fragrance.  Usable anywhere anytime. 
positive Cool Water wasn’t the first aquatic on the scene but it was the first to make it big. And to find out why, we can compare it with Pierre Cardin&#146;s Bleu Marine which came out a couple of years earlier.

Bleu Marine was basically a fougère touched up with   salty-aquatic and tree fruit nuances. In 1986 the aquatic had hardly been born and this was all very new; little surprise then that the aquatic element in Bleu Marine was rather tentative. 

Although Cool Water's message was very similar, it delivered it in a much bolder and legible way. Here the salty-aquatic and tree fruits are pushed right to the fore, and the fougère sits at the back. It's as though they are both saying the same thing but Blue Marine is talking out of the back of its head.

Cool Water was a winner; not because it was a novelty, but because it was on trend, daring, and spoke with perfect diction. 

*****

positive This rating is for the vintage, original Script-Logo version.

I had the original in 1988, and outstanding memories of it.  To me, it always smelled slightly different, but complex, depending on the day, weather, etc.  I only recently rekindled my interest in fragrances.  So I got a bottle of the current issue and tried it--nothing like I remembered...it smelled mostly like Windex.  I wondered what happened?  A little research led me down the path of the IFRA regulations, and the supposition and general consensus that CW was ruined by reformulation.  

I tried to buy a vintage bottle from eBay, but the first one that I got was a fraud--smelled rotten, not even a nice Windex smell, lol.  I returned that and did more research.  The vintage bottles are the ones where both "Davidoff" and "Cool Water" are in a script font (like an original MXR Phase 90 if you are a guitarist)...found one from a reliable seller, and cracked it open....

And there it was, the memories of being at the beach or always wanting to be there, the lavender, the complexity, the slightly-different each day morphing of the scent, of a nicer time, when things made more sense and there was a world of possibilities.  Yes, I paid a bit too much, but it was like a time machine in a bottle, and it reminded me that I still have roads and beaches left ahead of me and the drive to make things happen.  Too much to expect of a fragrance?  It's the power of olfactory nostalgia.  That's what I paid for, and why it's the number-one-of-all-time item in my fragrance collection.  It makes me happy, and I am glad to have it back.  I missed it...and only the real thing would do.  It reminds me of who I am. The current version is nothing like the original, and the original is amazing--just be aware of the difference.
positive What can I say about Cool Water that hasn't already been said?

Let me get a few things out of the way, first.  This actually came out (1988) after Green Irish Tweed by Creed (1985).  It's just that most people hadn't heard of GIT due to its extreme price tag and limited availability, and the fact that Cool Water was nothing short of being rife among the general public when it was released.  I bring this up because Cool Water is often compared to Green Irish Tweed, and there are definite similarities.  This is most likely due to the fact that Pierre Bourdon was perfumer on both scents, so you're not getting a "cheaper" version or "ripoff" of Green Irish Tweed, so much as you're getting a variation of it.

I'm biased in my review of this as I associate this fragrance with the time that it came out and for the unfortunate fact that when I was in high school, Cool Water became the alternative for a shower after gym class, or for some people, bathing in general.  When I smell Cool Water, I inevitably brace myself for the base notes of armpit sweat and BO that I for so long associated with this fragrance.  It is what it is, and I doubt I'll ever be able to break the association.

That said, Cool Water is the grandaddy of aquatics (though this is a fougere), as this is really the first scent I can think of that legitimately smells like a take on water.  This is a daytime scent that works well during the spring/summer and is safe enough to be worn anywhere.  This is the true definition of a dumb-grab.  It paved the way for hundreds of derivative scents and on its own merits, it's hard to dislike.  Of course, if you remember the times when people seemed to essentially delouse themselves in this stuff (along with Drakkar Noir (1982) and Eternity for Men (1989)), it may skew your ability to have total fondness for it.  When thinking about this scent in an agnostic way, focusing strictly on its physical qualities, it's hard not to like it.

If you're looking for a good warm weather workhorse, pick up a bottle.  It's inexpensive and you can find it anywhere.  If you suffer the illness that many people here -- myself included -- have that causes you to collect bottle after bottle of fragrance, you should buy this and have it just for the sake of reference alone.  It is an icon, a legend -- slice it however you want -- and it's earned its fame and stature.  Thumbs up, without hesitation.
positive An unqualified legend. Cool Water is a fresh, green, somewhat aquatic scent that is notably reminiscent of Creed Green Irish Tweed (GIT). I liberally use Cool Water when I don't want to tap into my prized bottle of GIT. Less-sophisticated noses would probably be unable differentiate Cool Water from Green Irish Tweed within 30 minutes of application. 

Overall, Cool Water is an extraordinarily easy-to-wear fragrance that is suitable for casual or office use. Davidoff created a fragrance that lives up to its name. Cool Water is a wet, fresh, woody fragrance with a light floral note (germanium). On the other hand, GIT is a dry, fresh, woody fragrance with a light - albeit different - floral note (violet). 

Cool Water opens with soft lavender mingling with orange and mint. The rosemary top note - while well documented - is muted. The opening is fairly germanium-forward. This floral note tempers the dry oak moss middle and lends an overall softness and "wetness" to the scent. Conversely, GIT's oak moss teams up with ambergris, violet, and iris to create a much "drier" feel. Cool Water's dry down is heavy on sandalwood and musk. The drydown is somewhat linear and decidedly more floral than GIT. GIT's drydown is a rich and complex combination of ambergris, iris, and sandalwood. 

Cool Water is a complex scent for a department store staple. It is a safe blind buy and an impressive alternative to its far pricier Creed peer. In a crowded room, many folks would be unable to detect much of a difference between Cool Water and GIT. However: the beauty of Creed is what happens to your shirt 24 hours after wearing it. You'll know what I mean after trying both. If you enjoy Cool Water, I guarantee you'll enjoy Green Irish Tweed. If you enjoy Green Irish Tweed, you *probably* won't be disappointed with Cool Water. 



positive Undisputed living legend of a fragrance (it's #9 on the basenotes.net "Top Reviewed Men's Fragrances" list).  Davidoff's Cool Water - like it or hate it - is everywhere from department stores to discount marts and a true classic.

Cool Water is a fresh, spicy aquatic scent that can be compared to the uber-cologne Green Irish Tweed by Creed: Tart, rich with spiciness and a slight sweetness. The sea accord plus calone (environmental fresh note) bring a delightful outdoors casual vibe. Cool water is simple and satisfying for everyday wear.




positive It's nice, cool, clean and familiar. Not as green as GIT and not as rich but this still gets compliments and is enjoyable to wear. Also, there is something about it that makes it stand apart from GIT so that you know which is which when comparing side-by-side, might be the mint.  

Leans a little old school but completely inoffensive. Great for work.

Good projection and lasts all workday.
positive Starts off with strong notes of lavender and calone aquatic, along with hints of citrus and a tiny bit of mint and rosemary. The aquatic notes are actually in the background in this fragrance; the fougiere is dominant. There is a synthetic feel to the whole thing but it still smells pleasant. This perfume is squarely a masculine one. During drydown the calone/aquatic scent disappears and is replaced by a green sort of soapy scent with floral tones. I'm guessing this is the geranium and neroli that are predominant, since I smell very little jasmine or sandalwood. Basenotes smell similar to the drydown, i.e. a very pleasant fougiere scent with mild hints of mint and calone/aquatic scent as well as neroli. Sillage is moderate (definitely could be better) and longevity is moderate on my skin; it lasts about 5 hours. It isn't very reminiscent of the ocean at all though, and just has a calone scent in the background; it's more of a fougiere scent. I quite like this fragrance; it is unoffensive and a very pleasant masculine floral/herbacious perfume for men with a "clean" scent.

positive Fond memories of this one. Back in the mid 90's when I first started wearing it I thought it was the business. Women loved it and it was instantly recognizable. I tried it recently and of course it doesn't hold the same appeal at 40 years of age as it did when I was 19. Saying that.....If you are 16 - 18 and looking to get into fragrances you could do a lot worse than Cool Water. It actually beats some of the new cheaper releases nowadays. Gotta give it the thumbs up!!!
positive Get it. I get compliments all the time, good sillage, and decent longevity. If youre not a perfumist, you'd have a hard time telling this from one of the greatest fragrances of all time, Green Irish Tweed. For $30, even for $60, I'd buy this every time. I always have some! Great for summer, and once it dries down, great for night as it's just a classy, somewhat mysterious scent. Love it!
positive When I smell a frgrance  I'm immediately transported back to that time and the memories they invoke. I was introduced to Cool Water while living on the Gulf Coast around 1992.  My friend had it and one day before going to the beach I spritzed some on.  The love affair was instant!!!  It smells like the name. It has that seabreeze scent too it, open,airy, fresh and clean.
Unlike the powerhouse fragrances of the 80's this was the first in the aquatic frangrances for me. It's like walking on the beach on a sunny day with a good breeze coming in off the water.  I recently purchased a bottle again about a year ago and wear it on occasion.  It's one of those fragrances that get better the longer it is on.  At application you get that blast of the top notes of lavender and peppermint mixed with the jasmine and hint of rosemary.  It slowly evolves with the sandalwood and musk notes coming forward as the floral notes go into the background.  It's one of those fragrances that are not overbearing even if over applied as many guys tend to do with frangrances.  The sillage is respectable enough to catch ones attention but not to the point your a walking room freshener.  I'd like to say it's very alluring as in the situations I've smelled it on others made me want to get closer.  Ironic thing is I've had a couple friends in my life and the mere mention of this fragrance they ran out and bought it just to wear around me. It was like a silent communicator of their feelings and both very rarely wore colognes. Like them saying you told me you like this stuff now come and get me sort a thing.  
This is a great fragrance to wear in the summer or any situation where your going to be warm and work up a sweat.  Working outside, the gym, at a barbecue or the beach.  It really stands up well to one sweating where it doesn't mix with the sweat to become some horrible abomination like some fragrances can.  It just keeps you smelling clean and really does have good staying power.
positive A somewhat "clean" scent straight from the '80s, sadly overused today but still very enjoyable in his freshness.

Today is a very affordable fragrance (online, not in stores) and thus very recommendable.
Probably one of the fragrances that someone should always have in his arsenal.

It's a shame that this is the last really good scent still on sale from Davidoff.
positive Every fraghead needs to own this. It's a wonderful scent and yes, everyone knows what it is and smells like, but that doesn't make it bad. It's actually a top notch juice. It lasts all day and ages very well. I have two bottles that are 10 years old and still smell the way the did when they were new.
positive Extremely uncomplicated fresh scent that I will always own due to the world getting more and more complicated and choice driven, I always get compliments wearing this as I think it projects a clean vibe that allows people to appreciate a well washed and cleanly man. Suits the summer easily but could be worn in winter to work say or being lazy around the house, it's up there with nautica voyage for its purpose and syntheticness but the average joe walking by you isn't goin to smell you and think ooh that's a bit synthetic lol..legendary scent from davidoff maybe the true original aquatic.
positive Refreshing and carefree...

This is a fragrance which I can wear very easily. It's very laid back and carefree. It does smell similar to a lot of men's fragrances out there, but in it's own way it does the job really well for the price.

I get lavender, vetiver and mint, but along with a very "mossy" vibe. I also get ozonic, slightly calone vibe. I don't really get the ocean so much from this as I get a river flowing through the forest. It's that fresh.

One thing I would say, is that it is shockingly similar in smell to Green Irish Tweed. The similarities are striking. I would say at least 70% similar. It is really shocking how close those two are. Having said that, I think the Creed has two notes which Cool Water doesn't have, and those are iris (orris) and ambergris. Apart from that, almost identical. I would also say that the Creed smells a little more natural, but projects less, whereas this projects a lot more.

Overall, it's something I wouldn't mind wearing and recommending to others. For the price it's great value and distinctive. One to try definitely.

negative Big thumbs down, I literally hate this stuff on my skin that’s the problem. Smells good on my brother so I gave it to him. 

Aspen and Tres Nuit are so much closer to GIT. I do not detect any grassiness in CW. Smells cheap and bland on my skin. In a word, literally, yuck.
negative hello, I am new here and new to collecting fragrances. Good to be here and it is really good to hear that I am not alone on my review of cool water. 
 I have been saying for years to many people that as I get older I really love nice smells. I appreciate all the good scents! Of course, we are all human with a nose, right? Although as I said as I have grown older I really have become fond of good scents of all kinds and forms. 
I have been studying fragrances online and Utube for weeks now. I spent 400 dollars on fragrances and really like all of them. I have been buying a bunch of mini bottles and sets so that I can explore. 
I decided to buy a 4.2 oz bottle of Davidoff cool water because of all the positive professional reviews. I figured that if it is not great, I can spray it on my towels and bathroom fixtures as I have done with bargain basket fragrances in the past.
I opened the bottle of cool water yesterday for the first time. I sprayed my arms one time each. I could not believe that I have heard, seen, and read so many positive reviews on this fragrance. I even did not want to waste my time keeping it and spraying it on my bathroom fixtures. I put it right back in the box drove to the post office and shipped it back, because the company will accept products that have been tested. I wasted the price of shipping which is close to a third of the cost of the bottle. 
I have no problem with not liking this fragrance. My problem is, why so many fragrance experts have said great things about this scent? It is nothing special and it did nothing what so ever for me. Now I can not take the word of all the experts, because of this and that stinks. 
From now on I have to sample products before I purchase. This was not much of a waste of money, but a good lesson. I will spend the money on a sample before I buy a product. Maybe someone is being paid to say great things about this product. It is nothing special what so ever. I purchased it from a reputable company, so it had to be authentic. Would anyone spend the time on making a fake Coolwater? lol, I really have a problem understanding why so many people have boasted about cool water being so great?   Tobacco note? yeah really. 
negative I cannot believe that this monstrosity and Eternity are the top 2 best selling Men's perfumes of all time...

I never smelled this back in the day when it had debuted, maybe because I was only 7 and better that I hadn't because now, now that my nose is honed to a razor from decades of smelling good scents and horrible scents, my God this is absolutely disgusting. I would hate to wear this. I did a sample spritz on my arm and couldn't even hack a whole hour. This hurts my mucous membranes.

After 10 minutes this goes directly into an overpoweringly strong, metallic, aquatic musky think that reminds me 'strongly' of Animale for Men. Not Animale Animale, 'Animale'.

This just goes to show that the majority of humans don't know shit about a proper perfume because it is far beyond my comprehension how this nasty chemical soup is still a best seller.

By the way, the flacon that I had picked up is from Lancaster with the cursive writing on the front.
negative 

It smells like Davidoff copied elements from Ice Blue by Aqua Velva and transitioned it from a nice scent to annoying. Lighter on peppermint yet blended with a marine note that makes it smell odd. A very screechy effect from an overdose of sharp lemon carrying the soapiness from lavender. Some musk but it's awful blend just drowns it out.

Cool Water smells like cleaning chemicals were mixed together. It's one of the most harsh smelling fragrances on the market and I'll always hate it.  





negative This (and Green Irish Tweed), smell so disgustingly artificial that I can only tolerate them for a few minutes. Both of them are scrubbers I'm afraid.

neutral Ohhh Cool Water. My high school scent of choice brings back nostalgic memories related to chilly football games, pickup trucks, and a complete lack of discretion for cologne projection. 

Blast 2 or 3 (or 6) sprays of this dark blue magic and the soapy clean open slowly turns into a synthetic hot mess of musk and aquatic-ey woods recently described as "Most Mens Bodywash".

While you could do much worse, I think my biggest hangup with Cool Water is how generic it smells these days, similar to those $1 sprays you could buy in a mall bathroom. While it may have been trendy and cutting edge upon debut (was it?), nowadays you have smelled Davidoff (or its dozens of knockoffs and inspired-bys) on dozens and dozens of gentlemen in various different inexpensive soaps, sprays, aftershaves, etc. 

Not bad, not great, too forgettable to put in the "Nostalgia" pile, but maybe best as an inexpensive weekend scent that doesn't take much thought. 
neutral This fragrance turns some heads in Kochi, India but they don't stay turned the way Boss Bottled and CK Eternity turns heads.

Smells of deodorant and EDT fill up the house after spraying on in the bathroom within the first few weeks after opening so be careful with this scent if you have sensitive noses in your house.
neutral When I spray this, I wonder if my olfactory system is incorrectly wired. To me, it smells entirely unlike the usual descriptions. I don't find it even remotely "fresh" (citrus, lavender, herbs, marine...): rather, it's almost immediately sweet (amber? musk?) and vaguely spicy (coriander? sandalwood?). It's not unpleasant. But it's definitely not "fresh" to me. Maybe my nose is broke.
neutral I never liked it or disliked it
I first came across it in 1994... This is a fresh, non citrus smell, not sweet, very inoffensive...
Smells like deodorant sprays in a gym changing rooms
It is ok for casual day-time wear, particularly in the summer.
I bought it again in 2017 and guess what? It is in my gym bag and I sometimes put on
5/10
neutral Poppinj's review is pretty on the nose. At the time, Cool Water sent everything that came before it to the old folks home. But now, despite Cool Water still having a "freshness" to it, it not longer feels new.

Supposedly this has quite a bit of Dihydromyrcenol in it. I guess that's why it attacks my sense of smell so sharply, and gives me a headache. 
This is a wonderfully unique style of fragrance (if you don't count GIT), but it's far too sharp for me to enjoy it. 
I think it's something to be enjoyed in the context of the era it came out. It was a great response to the typical men's fragrances at the time: Polo, Quorum, Drakkar Noir, etc.
Today though? It's like it's trying to beat you over the head with how fresh and water-like it is. It's an overly strong aquatic. 
neutral Sniffed this in passing at a perfume store earlier. It's probably a very great frag, but unfortunately for that sales lady, I'm a proud owner of  Creed GIT and although I can understand the comparison, this just doesn't even come close to GIT in terms of quality and sophistication. It comes off as cheap, synthetic, and kitchen cleaner -esque to my nose. Call me a pretentious Creed fanboy if you want, I just really wasn't impressed by this. 
neutral I remember when in the late 1980's a new breed of men's fragrances were emerging. Aromatic aquatic fresh fougeres (AAFF) were led by New West, Cool Water and Eternity.

With this new class of fragrances, all of the previous traditional men's 80's powerhouse scents were considered old, heavy and suddenly out of style. The effect of these AAFF scents continues to this day and have been rigorously copied and campaigned by virtually every designer and fragrance house on this planet. Almost to the point of overkill in my opinion.

The extremely gifted Pierre Bourdon was the nose responsible for Cool Water. Just amazing that only seven years earlier he was also the creator of that 80's powerhouse Kouros; another fragrance the defined the earlier portion of that decade.

I like Cool Water but I'm also reminded that every guy back in the late 1980's and early 1990's wore this one to death, hence the neutral rating. Along with Eternity, you could not go anywhere in public without inhaling this from a stranger in a contained space. The subways, airports, malls, clubs and bars reeked of these AAFF variations for years to follow. It's almost as if in one fell "SWOOP", the dominance of New West/Cool Water/Eternity killed everything in its path between the years of 1988-1996. Gone were the heavy exotic creations like Patou pour Homme, Jean Desprez Versailles, Derby by Guerlain as manufacturers and fragrance houses rushed to join the AAFF bandwagon.

It's been mentioned numerous times by Basenotes reviewers that Cool Water is an "older guys scent", or perhaps what your "Uncle, Dad or Grand-Dad" wears. This makes me laugh, as perhaps all those "Club Kids" who wore Cool Water/Eternity back in the late 80's and 90's are now settled down with families and they are still sporting the same scent, refusing to let go.....
neutral Initially when I sprayed on Davidoff Cool Water I was surprised on how minty it is. Initially you get a minty aquatic scent which lasts for about 3 hours. It slowly dies down around the 2-3 hour mark but is still noticeable. As time goes on the scent slightly transforms into a musky scent with slight mint. It reminds me of what older men would wear in the 80's and 90's. Which is kind of ironic because the scent was designed in 1988. Some people have said it is timeless, for me not at all. This is a scent that would be worn when working out, running, or any outdoor physical activity since the minty scent would be noticeable.
positive this is perfect , i love this stuff , its a perfect 10/10
positive Fresh, clean, masculine, safe, non offensive, compliment getter, good projection/longevity, versatile, Classic/modern & loved by all women this fragrance.

Any guy can pull this off.

This is what made me dive into the fragrance hobby.

Considering when it was released,
9/10


positive Salutation.

A immortal and Evergreen Cologne by DAVIDOFF.Coll Water is Member of first fragrances in My Collection.I never get tired of it.

In my opinion It it the Best Cold cologne of DAVIDOFF.a super fresh smell is best explanation about it.nothing heavy or feminine.

This fragrance has both Classic and Modern elements.it is like a very refreshing Summer Scent.suitable for EVERYDAY with a great sensation of blue sky days.

SILLAGE?Noticeable and pleasant.

LONGEVITY?Almost Good on my skin.

7.25/10
positive If you don't get hung up on its reputation and can smell it for what it is, it's utterly wonderful. 
positive An ingenious accord that in decent dosage hits and never misses. Its misuse and wide audience have made it lack in sophistication and charm, a shame for such a distinguishable marvel. Its price has also positioned it very low in the perfume ladder hence the indifference or hate it gets. A few facts concerning its comparison to GIT 1. it is not as believed by many more synthetic than GIT, 2. instead of having the soapy vibe of GIT this is actually like caring the whole shower water around you and 3. it is less powdery and musky than GIT but more youthful. Perfectly unisex so ladies since perfumistas consider it cheap and avoid it, is about time you claim it for you.  
positive Nostalgia for me. Clean, fresh out of the shower fragrance. Doesn't smell dated, well, at least not to me. I don't wear this too often but when I do I feel totally uplifted. 
positive This has to be thumb up because is a really good summer scent that has the honor to be the father and inspirations of so much masterpieces. And is really worthy cause is very cheap. 
In my skin the sillage or the projection could be better but... Is a fresh cheap scent, I can't ask for more. 
positive A few considerations about all fragrances:

Our sense of smell peaks before we are 10 and can begin to deteriorate before we hit our 20's and even before 16. It is also dependent on our state of health.

My point: the belief that one can depend on olfactory memory is dicey business. It may very well be that if we do not think a scent smells the same way as it did 30 years ago, it may because we have lost the power to discriminate scents as we once did.

Second, I just don't get the unfavorable comparisons to Green irish Tweed. That juice costs about $200. Would you expect an off-the-rack suit--even a Roger Laurin suit--that costs $300 to fit and look as equisite as a $1,500 bespoke suit from Alton Lane?

Insofar as the criticism that the first hit of Cool water "lasts forever", that, too, is open to debate. Numerous individuals have noted 15 minutes; I myself, 30 minutes before it loses the initial bite.

The bottom line is this scent gives you a great bang for the buck when it even merits a comparison with a fragrence from the house of Creed and the like or dislike of a fragrence is such an idiosyncratic thing, why should one question why one person gives a thumbs up and another a thumbs down. Both have their reasons and each is valid--for that person.

I'm going with the "thumbs up" crowd until someone can empirically demonstrate that this is an inferior scent not worth the money and not deserving of its iconic status.


positive I'm going to have to agree with gimpy on this...  having owned both cool water and GIT, and  my pick any day is also cool water.  It smells more cohesive and decided, whereas green irish tweed smells like an off-beat "green note" flanker to cool water.  I also cannot find an occasion that cool water doesn't work.  5 stars!
positive Okay here we go. This is a great classic scent that gets trashed all the time for being over-worn, generic, powdery or whatever. Not a lot of people wear it anymore it seems at least not as much as they used to but it is a classic and great for any starter collection like myself. Women dig it too but it doesn't float everyone's boat! Years ago, I was at a summer camp and before the dance night a counselor let me wear it and I really liked the fresh scent and it brings memories back of that night. I do not wear this all the time but great to throw on in the mix for casual use.
positive The GOAT fragrance as far as I'm concerned. I went twenty years between wearing Cool Water (going through 2 4oz bottles of GIT in between). I've owned and tested almost all niche brands, yet if I ran out of my house because it was on fire I'd probably grab this (after briefly thinking about grabbing Rive Gauche). 

Don't let the Creed/GIT fanboys fools you (and I say this as someone who considers Creed his favorite house), Cool Water is the better scent. GIT is too heady, too floral, too sweet. Cool Water is decidedly more attractive and masculine. If GIT is the smart, refined exchange student, Cool Water is the popular jock athlete giving him a wedgie in the locker room. Even at the same price I'd take Cool Water all day. What are GIT pumpers gonna say "I paid 5x as much for GIT and even though people think I'm wearing Cool Water, I'll admit Cool Water's a good scent?"

You know that feeling when you discover a new scent that you love only to lose it a year later? Well every time I smell this I still feel as if I've been born anew. 

Forget you biases, forget what you've read (especially here), and smell it for youself. There's a reason Luca Turin gave it five stars. 
positive Like a good pair of 501's - Cool Water is Classic LIKE A GOOD PAIR OF 501's  Cool Water is Classic   Super green and mint fresh - this is full morning power that do last well. It will leave a good "mossy" feel at the end of the day.  Non complicate - easy to wear this is a very positive scent to wear - full of masculine energy.  No extras frills but a good recommended Classic freshness !!!!Pros: fresh simplicityCons: none"
positive Opens up smelling kind of like fresh cut grass, but after 30-60 minutes it smells better, and it's strong enough for others to smell, and lasts on me.	Its good i've smelled it too many times to give it a 4 so i'll give it a 3.5, if you haven't smelled it before you'll probably like it, i sometimes get sick of it, but for the most part it's a solid scent.Pros: Lasts long on my skin, and smells good on my skin, after about 30-60 minutes it smells even better and it's strong enough, you'll get compliments.Cons: It smells kind of like fresh cut grass at first, not bad smelling, but it's my least favorite part about it, but it only get better from there."
positive refreshing, sexy, casual, classic	my mom loves the smell of cool water, so i blind bought a .5oz bottle at wallmart for 13$. This fragrance is a personal favorite,its a classic. its a blus smell, with a touch of musc to give it that great edge, its a scent for the summer and spring. i got this in june, havent tried it fall or winter, im pretty sure it will do fine in fall as well. highly recomend it, you cant go wrong with this one.Pros: classicCons: 
positive A classic	Davidoff Coolwater is a classic and I wore it when I was 18 and I'm now 35. Women loved it when I wore it back then and I sometimes go back to it every now and then and I will still get compliments. 	I think so many people have copied it now though e.g. Channel Bleu has a similar smell but with a deeper talcum powder hint in my opinion. 	I don't believe Green Irish Tweed is the same - GIT is almost like a grass version of the same scent whilst Coolwater is an ocean version. 	Coolwater was the first pricey proper aftershave/cologne that I bought as a teenager and it will always have a special place in my heart.Pros: Fresh aquatic muskinessCons: Too many people know what it is now!
positive I've been wearing Cool Water since it came out, but I haven't owned a bottle for at least 15 years. I did buy and go through a bottle of the Frozen flanker which is also a nice variation. This is just classic stuff and although everyone is familiar with the smell, many people still find this to be one of the most pleasing to them. This is probably because of all the memories this brings back for the 30+ crowd. There are many other fragrances that smell like this and it's father Green Irish Tweed. The difference is that these two do it the best. GIT is the masterpiece. Cool Water is the re print.
positive This fragrance is fresh, clean and masculine, so if you're looking for a good signature scent this is perfect. The first 30 minutes of wearing it is quite strong and smells quite harsh and even cheap, but bear with it! After that initial 30 minutes or so, it develops into a refreshing, lavender scent. This stays throughout the entire time wearing it.

The fragrance generally lasts about 5-6 hours on my skin, and you will definitely get wafts of it when you're out and about. Cool Water is probably best for the hotter months, but its extremely versatile so you can wear it whenever. If you're looking for something spicy, musky, and romantic, this probably isn't the badger for you, I reckon its more of a daytime scent.

Overall, I think this is a brilliant fragrance and I don't see how anybody would dislike it on you, definitely not offensive to the nostrils! Every bloke should have this in his cupboard...
positive Love this stuff, my sig scent.

I can understand that some people might think this stuff smells like laundry detergent etc.

But i love the clean, fresh scent i get from this, such a pleasant smell i wouldnt mind having under my nose all day!

Thumbs up from me!

negative One of the worst perfume i have ever tried and purchased.. i purchased blindly by just checking its rating on basenote but what a bad experience it is... i want to give it 0 out of 100

negative You're a 16-year-old boy. Your hair is spiked, and you're wearing a tacky rental tux. It's prom night and you're looking to get lucky for the first time. What cologne do you reach for? Cool Water of course!

I can't tell if I actually hate this scent or if I just can't get the above image out of my head every time I smell it. I'm not yet pro enough to list the notes I get, but in terms of feelings: juvenile and sleazy.

I do see the similarities between this and Creed GIT as others have mentioned. But, to say you should pass on GIT for Cool Water is like saying to pass on a convertible red Ferrari and for a convertible red Saturn. GIT isn't a personal favorite of mine, but I get why people like it. Cool Water is just gross to me.
negative When Cool Water first came out in the late 80's I was 25 yrs old and bought a bottle just like every other 25 yr old male in America.   But 20 yrs later, it just reminds me of things that I'd rather forget. When I smell it now, it reminds of a fragrance that would be available in buckets from a club mens room attendent for a small tip.   Not something I like.

I still own about half a bottle, but just can't stomach it any more and will likely never wear it again.

neutral Great first 20 minutes, no wonder it is a best seller, but then settles down into stale cheapness and you realise you get what you pay for.  Lots of ambroxan in the base which I guess is a failed attempt at replicating Creed GIT's ambergris.

It is much better than a lot of the drugstore cheapies so I have to give it credit.  If your uncle was wearing this to a Sunday bbq you would be grateful considering the other options he had to chose from at this price point.

As for the resemblance to GIT, only in those first 20 minutes.   And to be fair, even then it is not at the level of GIT's spectacular, sparkling natural opening.
neutral A landmark fragrance with a great freshness but the main reservation I have is the dosage of ambroxan. Anyone who uses cool water repeatedly will be marked out by this basenote as it accumulates, giving a smell rather like old cigars. 
neutral I resisted getting this fragrance because it seemed every male and some females had this. When finally getting this i was surprised at the poor longevity, it seems to fizzle out after 2 to 3 hours. I love the Orange and Sandalwood, and feel that it smells similar to Champion though goes stale at the end. However in common with Champion this does not last long. The opening is very nice and very masculine, it is worth getting to add to your collection. However be warned, it seems most guys are wearing this, it is not original and that is the drawback.  
neutral Totally teenage and obvious, takes me back to a younger time where things were more simple.

Not something I'd ever wear to a special occasion, but as a daytime fragrance for going to the post office - fine.
neutral I used to like this until I got into Green Irish Tweed. The drydown is flat and herbal in a bad way.
neutral Genre: Fougère

Does anybody really need another review of Cool Water? Beats me, but here are my two (s)cents:

Yes, it smells a lot like Green Irish Tweed, especially for the first half hour or so. And yes, it smells a little bit more obviously chemical. It's a relatively linear scent on me, and the drydown does not arrive at the familiar Creed “millésime” base.

It's pleasant enough, if somewhat cheap smelling, but what works against it most is that it's over-used and too often imitated. In all fairness I should forgive Cool Water for spawning so many inane progeny, but I'm not sure that I'm a big enough person.

neutral Its clearly that Cool Water has suffered from the latest ban on oakmoss. Why Turin still gives it 5 stars is a mystery to me. This scent smells too harsh now, not only in its top, where thats not a big problem, but also in its mid and base now. Gone is the sparkle of the radiating  thick softness of oakmoss that was needed to put the overdosis of dihydromyrcenol  into balance. The bone-structure is still there, but it lacks the beautifull soft fabric of a perfect fitted dress that covered up the raw edges of the body. Gone is the shine of elegance, the beauty. I guess this shows how important the raw aromatics of natural origin still are in the modern formula's of perfumes. I cant give it thumbs down because the original Cool Water was so freaking (refreshing) original. Some memories are hard to ban...(yes, im from the 80's area..!)
neutral The opening is very strong and harsh. Overpowering and unpleasant. Like metal and SALT, and very synthetic.

About an hour later it smells fantastic. Like 

Pros: great price, lovely dry-down

cons: harsh opening that lasts ~an hour. Lasts FOR-EV-ER. So long, in fact, that I think it is negative.
neutral Fresh & Green	Great scent! I did the side by side comparison with GIT. Loved both - GIT was more green and Cool Water was more aquatic, but they are similar. Close enough that I wouldn't buy both. If I decide to purchase one of the two, it would probably be Cool Water.Pros: Green Without Being OverbearingCons: A Bit Harsh in the Opening
positive I'm pretty new to the frag game, but this was one of the scents that really got me started. Great summer scent, inoffensive, and decent longevity. Price is just about right. It starts out pretty soapy, but dries down to a light aquatic musk that I cant get enough of. A must have for anybody. You've definitely smelled this on somebody before, but not nearly as common in my age group as Axe or Hollister body sprays. Great starter fragrance.
positive Here in my country where designer perfumes/colognes are so damn expensive, this scent is a compliment getter. I know in other countries, this is very common and most people wear it but no, not here. It's a great fresh scent, it reminds me of being a teenager going to LAN parties. Oh, if you smoke, the scent will blend with cool water and it will make it smell like marijuana, no kidding.

This is recommend for all ages but preferably 15 - 25 yrs old.
positive I wore this in High school...and my female teachers loved it in 1990. 
For me, wearing CW is like eating Golden Grahams cereal.
It's young for me these days, but I still enjoy it occasionally. Not something 
I'd do every day, but it's comforting to know it's still there if I want it.
positive It has became a reference for any fresh cologne. It used to be unique, but has already been ripped off by many other designers. It's a nice option for summer with a nice price too that's worth it for sure! I smell a great combination of mint and lavender mostly.

positive Amazing scent! Fresh and clean, great for a warm Sunny day although I find it great when I'm just at home having a night in and want to smell amazing. I love this stuff! I get about 6-7 hours longevity and it projects nicely (not strongly) for about 4 of those hours, maybe the vintage CW is better in the longevity department. It doesn't matter though, if you're reading this you should own this
positive Cool Water is landmark fragrance that changed the face of masculine perfumery overnight. It wasn't the first masculine scent from Davidoff, with Zino Davidoff (1986) and Davidoff (1984) predating it by a few years, but it gradually gained ground then completely overshadowed not just those older Davidoff scents, but pretty much everything else that came out in the 1980's before it. Much like the simple and unfettered loudness of Grunge swept away all the big hair, tight pants, and neoclassical-infusion that Heavy Metal had become, Cool Water suddenly made all but a few of the sophisticated and gaudy "powerhouse" masculine scents from the 1980's obsolete. Love it or hate it, this stuff redefined masculinity for the foreseeable future, and only into the 2010's did mainstream masculine perfumery finally dare to wander outside the aquatic, astringent, and BO-fighting freshness that this scent and it's progeny offered the world; that's 30 some years of setting the standard. I feel like it's the one aquatic to have in any collection, and not because it's the first, but because it's the one that gets the oceanic/fresh water vibe the most correct, with everything that came after just wandering further in one direction or another. It's been pretty much worn to death in the course of it's three decade run so far, so much like a lot of 90's aquatics to follow, it's been worn by your dad, your uncle, older brother, and the guy behind the counter at 7-11. To say it's the biggest freshie would be a misnomer however, as Calvin Klein's Eternity for Men (1989) would be just a wee bit bigger in sales, attributed to it's "met halfway" style of blending aquatic notes of calone with traditional lavender fougère construction, allowing a bridge of sorts between old and new. Conversely, Cool Water just went strait for the simplicity and freshness of it's theme without compromise, tradition be damned. Cool Water certainly opens like no other fragrance before it, with one glaring exception: Creed's legendary Green Irish Tweed (1985). Perfumer Pierre Bourdon was responsible for this game changer, but although not credited for decades. The US$500 price tag (adjusted for inflation) originally was partially justified by the fresh lifelike smell of this ultra-luxe juice, and Creed used it to launch their new career as publicly-available high-end perfumers sold in select department storesm rather than bespoke boutique fragrance makers by appointment.

Pierre was effectively pulling a Jacques Guerlain trick by aping his own creation and reinterpreting it as Cool Water for a different audience, which was the masses in this case, but I wouldn't call them the same, or one a clone of the other, because the lemon verbena, galbanum, and ambergris define Green Irish Tweed's signature accord is absent from Cool Water. I wouldn't quite call his making of Cool Water an act of socialism either(it's still perfume after all), but more like derision for the NDA he likely signed while with Creed, and a bit of cheek. Cool Water starts with classic notes of lavender and coriander mixing with orange blossom and peppermint to affect that "cool" blast of fresh water on the face. The dihydromyrcenol synthetic that all later aquatics would use for their "water" note was given it's debut here, and many a vintage masculine perfume hound hates this stuff for that. The heart and basenotes here simply help this initial impression stick around longer, with the oakmoss oddly in the middle of the dry down with jasmine, then musk, sandalwood, cedar and amber just doing their jobs as fixatives and not really standing out much from the top notes due to their blending. It really recreates the feeling of "cool water" in the mind's eye and if you didn't have access to a note pyramid, you'd never even guess what's in the damn thing. The same mind behind this was also responsible for YSL's Kouros (1981), so it only makes sense that the blending would be spot-on and produce a similar "feeling in a bottle" that Kouros evokes. Cool Water is a smell that can pull year-round duty if you live in California or Florida, but for everywhere else that gets an actual winter, this will reduce to vapor on a chill day. Davidoff oddly enough issued a "Hot Water" flanker for this to probably remedy that problem in 2009, but it didn't make the same splash, pun intended. For everyone else not completely enamored with the brand, this just makes an appropriate active day scent in summer, particularly if you work outside. 

A bottle of this literally lasts me forever in the Pacific Northwest region of the US where I live because truly sweltering heat is rare, and I might wear it once a year if that. The cultural impact this had on perfumery is incalculable. Every aromatic and oriental anything was suddenly an "old man" scent overnight, and even feminine fragrance had to ditch the light florals and run the opposite direction towards thick and sweet gourmands to be a counter to the "clean" direction this was taking the men's market. The paradigm shift it caused is pretty much directly to blame for the loss of many a great classic fragrance, some nearly on the chopping block a few years after releasing becasue they came out after this rendered their genre as passe, but I won't lump that guilt onto what is otherwise a good product. As with any pioneer of a new style, consequences the rest of the market it inhabits were considered minimally at best, and there's a chance this could have been a failure. Simply put: this stuff is the Fougère Royale (1882) of it's time, with CK's Eternity for Men being something like a Canoe (1936) by comparison: it's much more commercial cousin. Even older perfumistas (that aren't huffing oakmoss from paper bags) seem to respect this stuff while hating Eternity, if that's any indication of it's importance and the respect it's creator wields within the hobby community. The only problem I have with this stuff personally besides it's ubiquity, is the fact that a lot of people who wore it heavily tried to use it in place of proper personal hygiene, which is undoubtedly because of how cool it smells, so my memories of Cool Water are tainted with teen guys who skip showers after working out and substitute with this, or grown men who come back from a hot day in the lumber yard and keep a bottle of this in their glove-box like a cure-all for body stench. Otherwise, thumbs up from me!
positive Let me start by saying that I love Cool Water. I grew up around it. Everyone in my neighborhood wore it but that didn't phase me. It still smelled great but I never bought a bottle of my own because I didn't have to; I'd catch a whiff almost everyday. It smells crisp, clean and fresh. Finally, I bought a bottle of my own last year and sold it off today. I tried wearing it casually but it wasn't  casual enough. I tried it wearing it on a couple of nights but fell short. I tried and tried but then I realized that Cool Water wasn't for me and it broke my heart because I love it so much. Either I don't have the personality for it or I outgrew it. In any case, it's pointless to have it in my collection as I kept forcing myself to reach for it. 

By the way, Green Irish Tweed doesn't smell like Cool Water to my nose. They're both wonderful fragrances that rightly deserve their adulation. 

Heres to another chance encounter, Cool Water.

*edit* I just purchased a bottle of vintage Cool Water and I'm happy to announce that the love affair has begun anew. 
positive I really wanted to dislike Cool Water just because of its popularity.  However, it's a very nice cologne for the summer.  Like a mint in your mouth, it literally seems to cool and freshen the skin just by applying it.  The scent is fresh and nice.  I don't find anything spectacular about it, and I will probably never own it, but I enjoy the sample I have nonetheless.
positive This is one of my favourite fresh fragrances. Despite of the fever of "sport" fragrances that we live nowadays, some classics like Cool Water still remains in the top. In this rank of prices I think almost nobody offers a fragrance with the originality of this.
positive Great fresh scent, might be my favorite and the first one i ever tried. It's better than most aquatics as it has the perfect balance between being fresh and also having "depth". The price point is also GREAT. 
positive Plz mind that there are three versions (two reformulations) of Cool Water but my review is about last two versions.


What they are selling now with "Davidoff" written in block font as of 2009 is not as good by a long shot compared to any bottle with Davidoff written in "signature" font on bottle as well on package which was on its own also reformulated once!

I am not going into notes etc. as these are already explained in almost all previous reviews but I can say as owning both versions that the older version (pre-2008) does have a way way fresher and sparkling (minty) opening compared to the newer version.
Despite it is a synthetic fragrance, the older version smells way more natural than current versions! The drydown of the current is more sweet and ambery compared to old. Longevity and sillage are also better on the old version. It's like they toned down or even removed some notes from the opening and heart out of the current version and gave it a more cheap, strong ambery/sweet drydown. Only the opening has a little of the original sparkling Cool Water opening the vintage has.

Older version: 9/10
Current: 6/10
positive I'm fairly new to the fragrance game, and don't have much in my collection. However, this is probably the best fragrance I've smelt. It is definitely 'fresh', which is a word used for pretty much all fragrances it seems. But there is no other way of describing this scent. 

At first its a little harsh, but after 20 minutes or so it develops into a refreshing lavender scent that stays with you throughout. This is probably best worn in the summer but you can get away with wearing it pretty easily all through the year. A sweet, masculine and aromatic fragrance.

On my skin CW lasts a solid 5-7 hours and the projection is very good for most of this time. I recommend every bloke should own this!!
positive Ahhh Cool Water you old classic! lol

I remember this fragrance was all the craze when I was about 15
Nothing much to say about this fragrance other than I think its a quite unique, really fresh and acquatic and it brings back alot of teenage memories.
This is definitly a spring and summer fragrance however I think it holds its own in the colder weather also.The projection is quite good and the longevity is also quite good.
This is definitly a fragrance for a younger person and is best suited for just hanging out with friends in the park on a spring or summer afternoon.

My score:
             Projection:8
             Longevity:7
             Fragrance:8
positive Ahh good ole Cool Water takes me back all the way to high school when I use this fragrance  all the time it was my favorite scent for a long time. I recently revisited cool water don't know if I bought a reformulated bottle or just and old gone bad bottle, it didn't smell the same to me as it did hmmmmm, maybe I will just purchase a bottle at a department store. But in all it will remain as one of the best scents out there.
positive Cool Water is an absolute classic. There is a reason why since 1988 it has remained on the boots/superdrug etc top shelf. It's a great summer fragrance, Full of fresh aquatic/green vibes, girls seem to like it too.

negative Smells like Old Spice Aqua Reef mixed with bug spray. 
negative This should have stayed in the 80's. In fact its so bad I would go back in time to stop this being made.
negative I don't get it, CW is a mediocre perfume at the best, and it gets so much brouhaha.
I have the vintage version (with the script font for Davidoff ) that according to everybody is better than the new version (block letters), so I can not even imagine how awful the new version must be.
Besides, the market is literally flooded with clones making this perfume as common as houseflies.
It is not nauseating (well, almost), and it may induce headaches sometimes.

negative It's a decent fragrance for spring days and summer night.
Start fresh, green and herbal but synthetic with huge dose of LAVENDER! lavender give me the cleaner vibe. Smells like refined and pleasant detergent! lol
Yeah, it's synthetic and smells like detergent but it's not that bad!
It's pleasant with very good price and great projection and longevity.
A casual fragrance when you are at work and your pals don't know much about fragrances and when they smell it on you, they say : wow you smell very good!! lol
The opening is better than the base. in the base we have a very cheap smell.
It does smells like GIT. yes. but much more synthetic. GIT smells more natural and have a much better drydown but they smell 80% the same!
negative You can buy this for almost nothing these days and there must be a reason for that...This was a blind buy, just based on the many positive reviews and therefore tried it many times but the outcome was always the same. It is just too synthetic and in the end gives you a headache. Nice try to make a cheap alternative for GIT, but just not good enough...
negative Smells like Bounce fabric softener sheets right out of the dryer. 
I think I will sprinkle the sample I have over my laundry. Ok for clothes, but I don't like it on me. Giving me a headache.

neutral I wore this in high school back in the late 90's and early 2000's.  I loved it back then and it was very popular with my classmates.  As a sophmore I had an idiotic teacher who forbade us from wearing Cool Water in her classroom because according to her it smelled like marijuana.  I wore it anyway and she would make me sit outside.  Long story short the administration sided with her and I had to cease wearing this fragrance for the semester.  If I had known my rights and social networking had existed to the level it does now I would have owned that school today.  Anyway I remember Cool Water being a projection and longevity monster back then.  It would last through the school day and beyond.  A refreshing mint but at the same time smoky musky scent.  I didn't wear Cool Water for years and back in 2010 purchased a bottle from Macy's.  It was still the same scent I remembered and loved from back in the day but no longer the projection and longevity monster.  In fact after 15 minutes I could not even smell it with my nose pressed to my skin.  Alas I had to return the bottle.  Davidoff I guess is cutting corners to bring the price down even further for the masses.  I prefer to pay more for higher quality fragrance.  Maybe Ill try Cool Water again in the near future to see if it has improved.  Until then I can only give a neutral rating. 
neutral This aquatic fresh and clean smelling fragrance(did I mention generic?) was pretty good years ago. Even though the initial spray smells like Green Irish Tweed (yeah I know, everyone says that) I would buy Green Irish Tweed any day over this one. Notice I said initial spray. After that, Cool Water goes to the shelter, Green Irish Tweed goes to the Marriott. I'm sure Pierre Bourdon knew what he was doing when he came out with Cool Water. 

I'm sure he smelled Green Irish Tweed at some point before coming out with this one. Not a bad cologne, but not original and overrated. 
neutral really not sure why everyone loves this stuff so much

I have the older version with the script front (which is supposed to be better???)

On me it smells of sharp cheap artificial lemon car freshener and not much else, (citronella) and then I get a strange clashing coriander note that smells awful on me, luckily the whole thing only lasts about an hour before disappearing, there's nothing that particularly attracts me to this scent, except that women like it, hence the neutral rating.

If you really scrunch up your eyes and wish, you can get a squeak of similarity between a few middle notes shared with GIT, but it doesn't really stack up as a GIT replacement if that's what you're after, not really in the same league in any way.
neutral Smells good, but I don't see the correlation with GIT that people talk about. I like how it smells, but the notes really don't seem to blend, at least during the opening. I'd call it an average scent.
neutral Possibly the most overrated male cologne of all time.  It's not bad, but there's no compelling reason as to its popularity.

It opens up with an aquatic feel, with a hint of salt, pepper and lemon.  It then settles down into what can only be described as lemon washing powder.   Sillage is OK for about 2 hours, then it really dies down.   Longevity is not Cool Water's strong point.

It's best described as an inoffensive Spring-Summer scent.  It's not a bad scent, but it's really not that great.  If someone bought me Cool Water as a gift I'd wear it, but I wouldn't spend my own money on it.
neutral Shouts "CHEMICAL" from head to toe; however, I don't mind wearing it on a hot summer day.
neutral This is a watered down version of the fragrance I remembered in college years ago.  It isn't my style, but it smells clean and fresh.  I know the feud with GIT, and to be honest, except for perfume connoisseurs,  I have not met one person who could tell the difference between Cool Water and Git...$200 difference in price?  Cool Water's Longevity is fair,  2 spritzs can last about 4 hours.  but for $200 less, buy 2 bottles and an atomizer and reapply it during the day!
neutral Not much more to say.   A fresh lavender, mint and citrus opening that quite soon dries down into the green notes of jasmin and oak moss with a touch of wood.  The newer samples seem to have lost some of the oak moss character and appear fresher overall.  It does not show much development.   Yes, a synthetic, cheaper and less complex remake of the classic Creed GIT, but, in all fairness, the lesser quality is reflected in the pricing.  On me it is gone after a couple of hours. 
neutral Like most people this was my first cologne, I got it when I was about 14-15 and knew nothing about it, girls loved it, I loved it. Years later it smells incredibly synthetic. One day I walked into my friends little brothers room (he was about 14) and saw he had a bottle. The legacy lives on! Most people will love it, I still don't mind it. Kind of reminds me of a cheap deodorant though. 
positive Definetaly the best for summer! Very fresh smell and projects for hours. Very hard to find someone who doesn't like this scent.
positive I love cool water. It isn't great for winter, but everyone loves it, and it smells really unique and attractive in comparison to many others (like Abercrombie/Hollister, and Pour Homme). Has a great price too, decent longevity and projection, it's difficult not to like.
positive A refreshing aquatic scent, with just enough flowers and just enough musk.  Despite being commonplace, its low cost and large appeal makes it very difficult to not find a reason to include it in your collection.

8.5/10
positive I used to wear this scent 20+ years ago.  I loved it back then, and while I have moved on to other scents, I still have fond memories of Cool Water.  It still smells great, and while it is an obvious self-clone by Bourdon of his original creation Green Irish Tweed, I will disagree with most by saying I think it is a good one and even exceeds the original.  Considering the superior vintage version of Cool Water can now be had for 1/4 the price, I feel it is an outstanding value for those who love GIT but can't afford it and are willing to get near or exceed that classic's greatness. 4 to 4.5 stars out of 5 for the vintage (and a still solid 3 to 3.5 for the current juice).
positive Somehow I managed between 1988 and about 2006 not to have to smell Cool Water.  I have managed to smell the generations of clones and wanna-be's since, and was just waiting to hate Cool Water. But you know what?  This stuff is copied for a reason. It's really spectacular. 

I'm in the enviable position Luca Turin refers to in The Guide.  I don't have to associate this with half the male population of the 80s-90s. Smelling CW in this context is a great lesson in perfume history. If a new aroma technology is introduced with intelligence and artistry, it changes the status quo. I know that compositionally CW is a contemporary variation on the fougere, but qualitatively I think it's something distinct. This, followed by a slew of copy-cats, means a whole new genre. And I guess like the original Chypre and Fougere Royale, the first can remain the best. 
positive First time I've tested it seemed a very simple cologne in 4711-style. 3 years ago I bought an 1 oz. bottle just to try in my skin this succesful fragrance. I'm nowadays using my third bottle. This juice is comfortable, fresh, clean and ideal for days in which you need linear and secure things.
positive The Eddie Haskell of fragrances. Only June Cleaver would be fooled by the clean cut barbershop facade that this cologne presents. Those of us in the know see the mischievous bad boy lurking just below the surface. I love this scent!
positive When I was about 13, before I was a fragrance addict, this one used to drive me mad in duty free - I loved it. I bought a bottle and just couldn't get enough. I finished it and went a few years without it, until I was bought another 125ml bottle as a gift. 

Coming back to the fragrance now I am less crazy about it (I find the opening quite poor) but once it dries down it is very fresh and crisp. It projects well and garners quite a few compliments.

Should I mention the similarities between this and Green Irish Tweed? Yes. Cool Water is a good cheap fragrance in its own right, but GIT does outshine it. That being said, if you are on a budget I must recommend this over the vastly more expensive Creed.

7/10
positive All I ever read on Basenotes is how much of a rip off of GIT this is. As a long-time fan of Cool Water who's never smelled GIT before, I'll just have to take people's word for it. Whatever it is, it suits me fine. It's a strong, fresh blast of green spring/summertime fun. It may not be natural, but then again neither is cotton candy. It's still fun and enjoyable. And long-lasting, much more so than your average designer frag.
positive I once dated a guy that wore this cologne all the time. It was through him wearing this fragrance that I realised that some male fragrances are designed specifically to attract women.

This perfume is amazing and the after-shave is just as good. I actually have a bottle, because I bought it for an another boyfriend but decided at last minute that he didn't deserve gifts.

You can really smell the lavender scent in this, but it is in no way a girly scent. Cool Water is so masculine and sexy. On a man, this fragrance drives me wild.

It is indeed a strong scent, however it is refreshing and quite Summery. My boyfriend wears this scent to tease me because he knows the effect it has over me.


positive A fragrance perfectly done. It has a pleasant scent. Ocean, aromatic, a little green. One of the best perfumes ever created.

Scent: 4,5/5
Projection: 3/5
Longevity: 3/5
positive Mouthwateringly delicious fragrance. In a way totally flawless, although it apperears to sting my nose a bit in times when inhaled too deeply. (I suspect it's the dihydromyrcenol)

Complex and extremely aromatic mixture of herbal greens, bitter citruses, sweet musk and mossy woods. It smells very juicy and crisp, this groundbraking designer fragrance. Goes deep into the skin with great amount of nuances and strong lasting power. 
Performs like a fine soap; always natural and fresh smelling, simple yet complicated, but the one shall avoid overdoze to not to break the great impressions.

I enjoy wearing this, but more than that, I enjoy smelling it on my girlfriend who's been lately very into a wearing it. She calls it the "Sawyer scent".
positive The epitome of slick efficient design, this missile is locked on from the get go and takes off with a mighty whoosh. It is vulgar, slightly rude but absolutely delicious.A masterpiece of cheap and effective perfumery that smells as good as it ever did and costs next to nothing. What's not to like?

positive It is a fresh green clean smell that lasts at least 6-8 hours, projects quite well on my skin, is very versatile and does have quite a few similarities to the famous Creed Green Irish Tweed.  So much so in fact that I can't justify spending that much money on something that doesn't last as long and will likely be compared to this bottle anyway.  Yes it is synthetic smelling and is a blatant knock-off, but it smells good to me.  

Ultimately, this one is great for your buck.  Good longevity and projection, great price point and is close enough to Green Irish Tweed to merit not springing 100+ a bottle for a GIT-ish scent.  It's popular, yes, but it's popularity seems to have faded in the past few years.  Bleu De Chanel looks poised to replace Cool Water's spot in the "most ubiquitous men's fragrances" list.  If you want a fragrance with the Green Irish Tweed vibe without the Green Irish Tweed price, this one's probably your best bet.  
positive Good aquatic scent hence the name cool water. I use the scent whenever I go out on a cool breezy night at the beach for bonfires and hangouts just adds to the fragrance. Has an athletic clean type of smell pretty good has been in the game for some time now and is a best seller so I take it lots o guys have it dnt be surprised if u smell it on other guys but good nonetheless.

negative I really wanted to like this fragrance, and ive tried very hard to after I blind bought it a year or so ago. To be honest the top notes are quite nice and the first 15 min or so is promising...nice and fresh and clean....however the dry down is just an absolute disaster. Smells so cheap and abrasive, i get a cigarette ashtray and body odour vibe and I just want to wash it off my skin.

I can happily wear most super-popular mainstream scents, but not this one. 
negative I only tried this once but the scent was too sharp and harsh for me.  I will try it again when I have the chance to see if I will change my mind about this one.
negative UPDATE:  I gave this one yet another chance.  I think the note pyramid at fragrantica.com is more accurate:  "Top notes include mint and green nuances, lavender, coriander and rosemary. The heart notes include geranium, neroli, jasmine and sandalwood. The base is composed of cedarwood, musk, amber and tobacco."

I get a hint of tobacco, which I like, but overall this is a "blob"-like fragrance to me (not much note separation.  Out of that blob, lavender and neroli stick their heads, and there is a sweetness to it that just makes things worse.  To me, it's crude and unpleasant, but perhaps this is part of its charm to those who like it (that is, the "swagger," which I view as crudeness).  This is the kind of fragrance that led me to think that there is no reason to wear fragrance.  Some scented deodorants smell better to me.

The original review:  Cloying, "synthetic," lavender-on-roids fragrance that comes across as a "perfumey,"  crude, "drugstore," "cheapo."  Not sure what the appeal ever was, since I didn't wear personal fragrances in 1988.  It was so irritating that I had to wash it off right away, so I can't speak to longevity or projection/"sillage."  This seems like more of a statement (against the typical "men's" fragrances of that era) than an attempt to create a wearable fragrance.  I'd much rather wear something like Eau de Cartier than this if I want a "fresh" fragrance, and I tend to wear ones like Green Jeans in warm weather, just to give you an idea of my preferences.
negative A horribly cheap fragrence. Makes me think of an icehockey player on his way home from training. Smells like axe...
negative I think the name is misleading. I was expecting a aquatic fragrance but what I got was a dry floral scent. The longevity is not good for me at all. At least 4 sprays and I couldnt smell it after 2 hours. The projection was pretty good during those 2 hours at least. I get a ton of lavender in the top notes. I just cant get over the overload of the lavender that reminds me of my laundry detergent.
negative A poor mans GIT that tries to live in its shadow but fails. A pale reflection of something greater than itself.
negative My dad wore this...usually on special occasions. When he did the top notes usually gave me and my sister nausea, especially when he sprayed some on in the car during a drive to the said occasions. On him Cool Water was loud, VERY loud, and lasted a long time. It's because of this I've been hesitant to wear it. Why would I want to wear something that would make me sick?

Fast forward: Due to the knowledge that I've acquired here about most perfumes it was clear that my dad over-over-applies every cologne he's ever owned. I told him about over-application and Cool Water was still loud on him. I don't know why he likes this stuff. I finally decided to try it on my skin. Oops. After I washed it off I had to lie down for a bit to get the room to stop spinning. Others have said it was synthetic in the dry-down and they pretty much nailed it.

Sorry. I wanted to like CW but this stuff makes me sick...literally.
negative In my opinion this cologne is overrated .This is supposed to be a fresh acquatic scent, but to my nose it's a dry floral scent, very very dry .If you want a good acquatic try Bulgari's Acqua Marine or Armani's Acqua di Gio.The only good thing on this cologne is that it's cheaper than many others.

neutral Cool Water could be the most popular fragrance ever.  I have no reason to tell you how it smells like, because there are so many other reviews.

All I am going to say is, buy the smaller bottles.  With anything large, you are taking a chance for reduced longevity.  Many other people said that the larger bottles do not have as much longevity.  The smaller bottles seem more concentrated; therefore, I would stick with them.

Furthermore, I feel as though there is a slight difference in smell with every bottle of Cool Water.  Davidoff needs to confront this issue.  Many other said the same thing.  I can use a test spray at Dillards, then use a test spary a Macy's, and I notice both smell different.

Try to get your hands the older versions of Cool Water if you can.

Very nice bottle design.
neutral I'm giving this a neutral because I rate this as an average fragrance. I won't bother describing it as there are over a hundred reviews but the only time I will wear this is after a shower after going to the gym because it smells clean.

That's it. Very average and very boring.
neutral Well, reviewing this one is not going to be easy as basically  everything has been said about a quite influential release such as Cool Water. My point with this seminal composition is that while I quite enjoy the original version (I mean Green irish Tweed) but never been able to dispassionately love it, I'm not a big fan of its "cheaper" version (Cool Water). Surely influential and vastely appreciated but overused and as much imitated that I almost started to "hate" it. Not your fault Cool Water.

I've to move away from you for a while
neutral I don't mind Cool Water for the most part except it has an annoying off putting metallic note on the drydown. I don't know what sparks it or if it is a combination of the notes, but even some of the knockoffs don't have it (and for that matter similar fragrances from other companies don't either). If it weren't for that I'd give it a thumbs up. Otherwise if I must I'll wear a knockoff or something similar that doesn't exhibit the same properties.
neutral There are some fragrances which I don't consider to be wetshaver scents, but still use  in tandem with witch hazel and aftershave - Cool Water is one of them. It pairs particularly nicely with lavender witch hazel, as the tonic brings Cool Water's synthetic and sweet lavender out of its otherwise blah mixture of herbs, woods, and musk. There really isn't anything exactly like Cool Water, so newbies beware: don't think you have it prefigured. It's a try-before-you-buy, and while generally safe and functional, can be off-putting to people who are unfamiliar with '80s "fresh" fougères. The distinctive scent profile is (reluctantly) original, and Pierre Bourdon did a magnificent job creating a fragrance with near-universal appeal, and near-zero sex appeal. To this day, after years of sporadically wearing Cool Water, I still have no idea how he did it. The scent is as boring as it gets. Furthermore, the current formula has more than a few splashes of cheapskatery - its heart notes, once fizzy and vibrant, are now dull and smell somewhat like cardboard. I know my review is contradictory, but trust me on this - you'll be intrigued by the scent's singularity without being the least bit interested in it. 
neutral Davidoff Cool water (namely a reinterpretation of a minty/musky/amberish concept of freshness yet expressed by Creed Green Irish Tweed imo) is a dry, somewhat linear fresh-aquatic fougere which starts as a typical floral aquatic with an initial blast of synthetic marine (citric and herbal) notes and finally becomes a clean, astringent juice with a woodsy-sharply floral soul and an oceanic outward appearance. I appreciate the pungent, herbal accord of rosemary-peppermind-coriander. Cedar, geranium, woods, aromatic lavender, herbs and dry spices make the scent stiff, angular, virile, herbal and clean. Jasmine and orange blossom provide a more intense floral sophistication (and hints of floral radiancy) while herbal elements project it out in a somewhat acrid way. In my opinion this is far less refreshing (and sparkling) than many other aquatics or fougere even in its top part (being for real astringent, slightly irony and almost restrained). Sandalwood and cedarwood provide a certain woody stable structure (substance) and stableness to the juice in the way it's heavier than you could expect it to be by marketing campaigns. Cool Water, though not properly original, is a respectable fragrance whereof is undeniable and appreciable the worldwide fame. I find this scent a bit boring even if it conjures me left back incandescent summers of the youth in my far Calabria.
neutral I suspect that one of the reasons why Cool Water is such a huge success in terms of sales might be that most people out shopping for perfume, going through a lot of samples, will find this one very pleasing at the first sniff on a card. Not many of the multi-layered, "heavier" fragrances smells this inviting the first seconds; lavender and peppermint without the "booze".My problem with Cool Water is the fact that it is one of many one-dimensional smells, this one staying more or less flowery, with a touch of peppermint and wood in there, all the way. I don't think it's  a bad or "thirteen-on-the-dozen" smell, just a bit boring and really not my taste. What surprises me, though, is its longevity which I think is above normal for this kind of fragrance. I can see that women, especially the romantic type, will love this fragrance on a man. Right now when the first snow has fallen I'd rather give them Burberry London.
positive Have not worn this for at least a decade or more and it has been bastardised to death, but the original Eau de Parfum is and will always be a masterpiece. Has there been another gourmand that even comes close to the daddy? 
I recall a scandal back in the early 90's when an early 20th century perfume house roughly copied the formula and bottled it in one of their 1920/30s perfumes pretending it was the original fragrance, thinking they would get away with it as up to that point in France no perfume house had ever sued another on the basis of copying. The Grande Damme behind Angel decided to break that tradition and took them to court, I believe the matter was settled out of legal chambers finally but lets say the older house ended up with quite a lot of oeuf on their face, there are lots of other dirt on how the battle was won but the point I'm making is that Angel is one of those rare animals that could not be compared to anything when it launched in 92, totally unique, perhaps the last time that was achieved in commercial perfumery. Last thing, like Aventus now, and all the other Boom Boom perfumes less is definitely more, death by Angel is not sexy its like being smothered to death by an aging cougar who really should stay at home and leave the club to her granddaughters! 
positive This is the world's first notable gourmand perfume, and the one upon which perfumer Olivier Cresp's reputation (alongside Yves de Chiris) is based. Angel by Thierry Mugler (1992) was downright bizzare when released, a love-it-or-hate-it scent that proved as polarizing as it would be successful, much like most of the fashion designs from Thierry Mugler himself. Angel is claimed to contain no intentional floral notes in the heart, and has had many limited edition bottlings over the years, in addition to innumerable flankers. The equally-notorious A*Men/Angel Men (1996) composed by Jacques Huclier wouldn't stray very far from this formula when released either, which is a testament to the universal appeal Angel seems to have for those who click with its vibe. There have been so many flankers of both this and its male counterpart, you almost can't mention Thierry Mugler and perfume without bringing up Angel; this stuff is literally that genre-defining in the designer segment. Most of all, Angel also helped ease people back into the idea of musk as a main carrier note rather than oakmoss or amber, since dirty musks were so played out by the end of the 80's that most perfumers skipped them if they weren't soapy in tone until Angel made a warm musky skin feel cool once again, likely due to the warmth coming from food notes rather than animalic ones. Another huge polarizing facet of Angel is its inclusion of helonial, a common scent molecule in laundry soap that also saw use in the men's iteration as well. There was just so much going on here that ran counter to what designers were doing at the beginning of the decade, Mugler is lucky this got off the ground at all. Most of the controversy I gather comes from how cloying this accord can be to people who are sensitive to its primary components, and this was especially true when its initial popularity made it a fairly ubiquitous sight on streets, subway cars, and in other public spaces. 

Angel opens with the prerequisite bergamot and a slew of fruity, dewy elements including strawberry, calone (from melon), honey, jasmine hedione, and whiffs of rose, likely implied by a hit of geraniol but with no actual rose oil. Helonial also makes its rare appearance, and as a note aforementioned to be typically reserved for perfumes found in laundry soap, it contrasts the otherwise-sticky gourmand heart considerably/ The helonial is an aldehyde derivative of heliotrope, and has a sharp glistening chrome sheen that would start seeing use in masculines down the road, but here it's leading into the controversial cocoa and caramel heart. The men's version bites with coffee bean, lavender, and peppermint, but here we just get a rounded hay-like coumarin to accentuate the sweetness, before the stiff patchouli and musk base take over for the final dry down approach. I get some creamy polysantal "sandalwood" without the dryness and diffusion of the real deal, but that's okay because it isn't the focus here with Angel, and just padding instead. When it's all said and done, you've got the ur-gourmand accord of chocolate, tonka, fruit, vanilla, and patchouli, which is only a few clicks away from being an oriental in tone. Sillage can wallop you so be careful, but otherwise Angel is a gentle perfume in personality if used with discretion. Here is a creamy romantic warmth good for snuggling up in winter, or cool evenings anytime. The musk note is not funky at all, but still has a bit of that "animal fat" tone in it which may not sit well with people used to clean-smelling white musk, so approach gingerly. I'd not use Angel in a formal or office setting, as it's just too amiable for a stern or reserved atmosphere. The energy given off by this stuff is just too friendly and warm for anything where you may need to be aloof towards strangers like in the workplace or a formal event. In the summer time, this would definitely choke me out if I was around it too long, so take that as you may when choosing an appropriate time to wear it. 

For most of the 90's, Angel was the Giorgio Beverly Hills (1981) of its time, becoming an unavoidable wall of scent in shopping malls and restaurants, hence some of the backlash. I know I'm pretty sensitive to too much patchouli and anything rich with tonka or vanilla myself, so I'd prefer the men's version which tones these elements down to a drier demeanor, but I am not bothered by this otherwise. Angel is a rare perfume I can respect and appreciate on another but never have an interest to smell myself, and this is coming from someone who often wears feminine-market fragrances, as it feels better to be caught in a chance encounter with Angel then to be enveloped in a cloud of the stuff than to dwell within one for any length of time; in an ephemeral state this is a very nice surprise, but prolonged exposure proves a bit more tiresome. Mostly unisex in feel but leaning slightly feminine, Angel by Thierry isn't a knockout anymore because other  houses have since done this accord to death, but it's a nice "comfort food" scent (pun intended) for fans of low-key semi-versarile semi-dirty musks with something going on besides the usual white florals. Compared to the "transparent" fruity florals, syrupy fruitchoulis, and ambroxan shenanigans of the 21st century, Angel is starting to finally show the laugh lines of age to those who care about relevance in perfume trend, but is by no means anachronistic or uncommon on the street. Reformulation hysteria also follows this one, but from what I can recall, the basic sweet foodie patchouli and semi-dank musk accord from when my older sister wore it back in the day still holds true in recent testers I have sniffed in stores. Hell, there are still people who actively seek out and collect all the various limited packages of the stuff, and although the cult of Angel is nowhere near as obsessive as say, followers of Creed Aventus (2010), a lot of talk over which Angel is "best Angel" does happen! Thumbs Up.
positive Angel - Thierry Mugler
This just goes to show that a bitter yet 'clean' camphorous tonality can save a perfume, and not only that but also create something novel and excitingly new. For me, Angel paints a darkish brown picture with a contrasting mix of purple and green colours and this works best when sprayed in moderation: less is more with this one. Sillage and projection are absolutely stellar, there is something very 'natural' the way this perfume presents itself: not too loud but very intense in an amiable way. It kind of reminds me of old vintage perfumes containing real deer-musk. I have tried not to like Angel but I had to surrender to its magic eventually. 
positive Been wearing this for 20+ years. I'll forget about and then come back to it. Classic
positive I first bought this fragrance in November 1992 and as one reviewer commented, I too had people stopping me to ask what I was wearing.  The scent was complex, a little disorienting.  It was heady, rich, and with just a tiny hint of something 'rotten' underneath.  That extra note hit it out of the park.    

The tiny star bottle lasted forEVER, and I replaced it again in, I think, 2000?  I don't think it is any different from the 1992 version, others may have better data on that question. 

It will be a great disservice to this wonderful fragrance if the formula was changed in order to be novel or less expensive.  

Readers need to be aware that the EU has cranked down on the use of many classic perfume ingredients, both natural and man-made, due to concerns that they are allergens.  Perfumers don't want to be seen as fighting safety rules, so they conform by re-formulating their fragrances.  

I am not young;  there are many fragrance notes from older perfumes my mother wore (Norell, Tabu, Chanel #5, Alliage, others) that I smell nowhere anymore, anywhere, ever.  My bet is that they are simply banned due to Henny-Penny "the sky is falling down!" concerns about potential contact allergies.  

I'm an adult who keeps peanuts from my kid.  I'm ok with being responsible for my allergic reactions to fragrance.  
positive I get patchouli all way long from the beginning. The opening smells quite herbal to me and almost freaked me out the first time. Then the sweetness just can't wait and bursts out right away. I swear if I tested on paper I'd drop it down right away. But after about 2 hours, it smells heavenly! The right amount of chocolate, caramel, honey and vanilla is so delicious. The patchouli is no longer fierce but holds perfectly the balance between sweetness and freshness. It's even intriguing as it hides among the sweet notes and tickles your nose when you expect the least. I have to admit I'm still not very used to the first 2 hours but for the lovely drydown I can wait. Fortunately the longevity is excellent for over 12h, it worths! The sillage is good, too. Though it's known as a heavy fragrance, I think with a light touch, the drydown has no problem in summer. 

The bottle is cute! But the name Angel doesn't fit that well IMHO. It's sweet but with a dark side hiding behind. Maybe Ange ou Demon should be better distributed to this one? LOL.

Originally written in 2013
positive Phenomenal. This one is controversial ... but on me, it was alllll goodness. ;)
positive I love this complex perfume with many notes.  First, I smell chocolate, then berries and caramel.  The perfume smells different on every person, but smells great on m.e  I always get compliments on it.  It is loud and friendly, but not overwhelming.  I wear it year round.  
positive Add me to the list of those who adore this.  Big, bad, bold, bodacious. I love it.  My husband loves it.  No other opinions matter.  Since I never smelled Angel when it first was released, I can't complain of reformulation.

And, I love the giant, chunky tester bottle I currently possess. 
positive I find the opening of Angel Eau de Parfum difficult to go through. A musky chocolate. But the dry down is to die for. It gets acid with berries and bergamot. Then, the basenotes of silky caramel are gorgeous. I just wish sillage and longevity were longer. 
positive Love this. After it's on a while, you just want to eat it. The Carmel and chocolate....mmmmm 
What I really liked about it was that it lasts forever.
positive Upon first spray I really didn't like Angel but I gave it a change and I'm glad I did.

It's such a gourmand. It's gourmand royalty. This is a fragrance which is so popular and dare I say it, common but it seems to behave differently on different people, giving it that special edge for everyone. For me once the first spray starts to settle down I feel like I'm being followed around by a sherbet dib dab. Every now and then it morphs into something else, vanilla ice cream, chocolate, the pick and mix section. Really it's like walking though a sweet shop. Still it has something slightly darker and heavier which seems to anchor it. I believe that could be the bergamont.

There is also something that catches me every now and then that isn't so good. I don't know what it is but a previous review described it like BO. I understand what they mean but I would have described it as more of a chemical smell, almost like bleach. Fortunately it's very fleeting.

Lasts fantastically and projects well, even on my skin which normally eats up fragrances super fast. This is not one that you want to over spray or you run the risk of making yourself and everyone around you feel very sick.
positive Love the opening, sweet Vanilla, balanced by the tart bitterness of Bergamot.
 Try Bergamot perfume extract on your Vanilla Ice Cream sometime. It's glorious!
 Note the Caramelly texture and the nod to Chocolate later. The Berries make this perfect for Feminine or Masculine skin, except the drydown. Whoa! I get a tenacious "Generic Clean" note that ends up relentless even through a shower.
It's obvious this continues to be so very popular with the Girls.It's sexy and quite clever in construction. 
The opening and heart are quite intriguing and most narcotic. In the End it is like a hangover and leaves me feeling like I need alterations to my Meds.
Thumbs up? Well....Everyone needs to try it. At least once.
positive Perfect Gourmand...

A true beauty here. This is one which I expected to be a monster, but it really turned out to be sublime in it's smell and performance. I tried the male version first, which I found extremely harsh and almost cloying, with a screechy tar note and heavy patchouli. This in the other hand, is perfect for me.

One thing I like about Angel is that the notes are blended perfectly to my nose. The patchouli, chocolate, caramel, vanilla and honey are all perfect. To me no one overwhelms the other too much. There are elements of candy floss, fruits, berries and tonka bean that show up as well (all of which I love). It's one hell of a gourmand, and I love it!

It's a fragrance which I would love smelling on people and wearing also. I find it a lot more wearable than the men's version, and it just feels "done right" to my nose. Probably best in cooler weather in my opinion, but could probably be worn year round with measured spraying. I think this isn't the beast that people make it out to be (at least to me)... so give it a try!
positive The opening is a mix of bergamot and incense helional, full of pure and transparent like the air, and on to a scent of fruit and full of sweet honey gradually spread, taking full feeling and delicious attractive as in the memories of childhood. Finally, Angel will be finished in vanilla, chocolate, caramel and patchouli wood, and sexy, attractive and powerful medium, full of charm.

The scent sensual, warm create a hard to resist the charm for women. Sample bottles impressive design with modern colors. Extremely good fragrance.
positive What could I possibly say that remains unsaid about Angel? Rich, dark, bold, statement-making sexy. I wear it everytime I can, feels appropiate for everytime. I've smelled it on formal events, wine tasting evenings, it even attends my pilates class. 

No doubt it was quite a thing when it first came out and owned the gourmand cathegory, but now that same kind of scent has evolved into something intoxicatingly sweet as Flowerbomb or Manifesto, and Angel has another new market like gourmandchuli. And thank GOD for that patchouli, for that's the reason why something that smells edible also screams unedible. 

I was gifted my first bottle when I was 16 or so and gifted it away. Then someone else bought it for me and gave it away. I finally purchased MY OWN bottle of Angel at a duty free in Sao Paulo. 

It's heavy stuff if youre not into the patchouli note, but I somehow grew into it and welcomed it into my wardrobe. It's siilar to Shalimar -in structure- so you kinda have to wear it to figure it out. 

It's a sillage monster, so I go gently on it, and definately wear it when I'm going on high profile. I have to admit that even when so many people wear it, it blends different on my skin -as well on others- and that IS the main reason why I like such a mainstream fragrance, dispite the fact of it's "uniqueness" in the market.

So, if you're reading this humble opinion on Angel and haven't tried it yet, give it a try on your skin and let it ripen. You've probably smelled it lots of times before knowing how it actually blends with your skin.
positive I can’t really do a BLUF (bottom line up front) for this hot topic…too many moving parts.  All I can say is that I’m on the “Love” side of the love/hate dichotomy.  It’s a clumsy, unapologetic, fun fragrance with a sense of humor.  I imagine Rose Tyler would make the TARDIS smell of Angel.

Yes it’s bold, but it doesn’t strike me as “in your face”.  Maybe it’s the way my girlfriend wears it or her particular skin chemistry, but it’s not offensive to my nose at all.  I’m in my early 30’s and she in her mid-20’s, for reference.

My layman summary would be: a playful burnt caramel/honey/patchouli...the drydown being almost pure patchouli to my nose, with some sweetness.  Maybe I’m partial because my girlfriend is stunning, sexy, and an absolute muse to me and this is her go to, but she wore this long before I became interested in the wide world of perfumery, and I loved it then as much as I do now. 

Like many fragrances, over-applying is going to have a negative result…I can see that being the case here more so than with many other fragrances.  I’d venture to say some women who wear Angel, might wear a little too much (we’ve all been guilty of this at some point).  Longevity is off the charts, sillage is a bit less so but still above average.  I wouldn’t call it a full-blown gourmand honestly, but it’s in that realm for sure.  I don’t get the cocoa/chocolate that many seem to.  It is predominately caramel/honey with a lot of patchouli after the fact.

With the Angel hand cream, on top of the previously mentioned notes I get a bit of sweet urine mixed with fresh hay, but for whatever reason, it smells absolutely sexy to me.  It’s kind of embarrassing to read that back to myself, but this stuff just drives me mad, period.
positive Tension created by the mixture of edible and inedible notes is what gives the gourmand genre its particular interest. The mind isn't sure how to react to something that says 'eat me' and 'don't eat me' at the same time.

Angel takes this effect one unsavoury step further with its red fruit syrup, candy floss and caramel served up with plummy rose and white flowers, dark chocolate, mothballs, bitter wood and mouldy rot.

The original, most distinctive and probably still the best gourmand on the planet. Certainly the most wicked.

*****

negative I am late on the bandwagon in sampling Angel. So I wanted to keep an open mind and give it a chance. And well.... I just can’t get my head around it. I find it strange, off putting, cheap and generic smelling. An odd mix of sweet and spicy notes. Doesn’t smell foody to me, nothing appetizing about this combination of foody notes. I am late in trying this scent, and perhaps if it hadn’t already been ruined by all of the imitations of it I might have felt differently. I smelled imitations of it before I realized I smelled imitations of it. So I’m afraid that for me Angel ends up smelling like a cheap imitation of itself. I found it unpleasant and nauseating. Had to wash it off. By the way, I do like Alien and Eau de Star by Mugler. But Angel is not for me. I would definitely not recommend Angel as a blind buy or gift due to its polarizing qualities. 
negative I loved Angel when it was brand new: I had never smelled anything like this sweet, fruity, caramel and chocolate creation! It was such a refreshing change from all the ozonic fragrances of the time, which followed the popularity of L'Eau D'Issey and Escape. After wearing it for about a year, I tired of it, and haven't worn it again until recently, when I suddenly decided to buy another bottle. Initially, I thought my new bottle of Angel smelled as it always did, but the more I have worn it, I have realised this fragrance has drastically reformulated. Though it is unmistakably Angel, it is not as sweet as it used to be, and the fruity notes seem more muted: the fragrance is heavier than it was, and now places far more emphasis on damp smelling patchouli and dark chocolate notes than the sugary chocolate-caramel of the original formulation (this damp patchouli and dark chocolate combination was taken to extremes in Givenchy's Very Irresistible For Men, which I always thought smelled like damp A*Men). This new formulation is unfortunately very inferior to the original! The bath and body products have clearly been reformulated too: they used to smell exactly like Angel Eau de Parfum, but now smell of heavy patchouli and fruity notes. The body creme was a particularly lovely product (originally in an elegant glass jar); even though it is still beautiful quality, it now has an overpoweringly strong fruit and patchouli scent, which I find very sickly (this version is sold in a rather over the top plastic "flying saucer" jar).
My thumbs down is for the current version of Angel; the original would definitely have got a thumbs up. I have, however discovered that Angel Etoile Des Reves, smells almost identical to Angel's original formulation, and is, for my tastes, far preferable the one available now.
negative Before Christmas 2017 I was going to order a sample of this online but decided against it.

Wise move!

Apparently, it has been added to the growing list of 're-formulated scents' whereby the people are being duped into buying something that is NOT like the original version.  For example, chocolate (for which Angel is/was famous) has been replaced by nutmeg, way back in June/July 2017.  In fact, in the original version there were 24 notes and that has now been replaced by only 12.  This has to be a cost-cutting exercise.  Why else would they do it?

This may explain why recent reviewers hate this scent as it's been re-formulated.
negative When this first came out I bought a bottle and wore it frequently. People would stop me and ask what I was wearing - it was that different from anything else available at the time. I eventually discovered Jo Malone fragrances and stopped wearing Angel. I now have an extensive fragrance wardrobe and wear a variety of scents. Fast forward - I decided to try Angel again. I cannot stand it now. I had to scrub it off, it was so obnoxious. I know that many people love it, but I just can’t take it. 
negative The most hideous fragrance I have ever experienced in my life. Dear lord, people pay for and wear this?
negative Angel came out around the time I decided that Chanel no. 5 was the one for me, so I pretty much hated this on principle. Testing it on my skin today, it seems I was right: I really do hate it. It's incredibly loud, incredibly sweet, and there is a funk in there that sets my teeth on edge. Now, mind you, I normally like a bit of funk: Salome's cuminey underpants? Count me in! The barnyard "butt" accord in Inverno Russo? Bring it on! But this I can't handle at all. It's like the smell of a wet, dirty dishrag that you pick up after it's been festering in the sun all day; a slightly rotting, sour smell that clings to your hands long after you've flung the filthy thing far away from you. The saccharine sweetness on top has the same effect as air freshener sprayed in a public bathroom; it only seems to enhance the stench. I do get why this was groundbreaking and all, and it's certainly not boring, so it has that going for it, but I'm honestly surprised this was such a commercial hit. I find it very unpleasant.
negative Each time I try Angel it brings vivid flashback of my youth wandering around the Victoria Secret store trying out the new VS perfumes of the 90's, the sweet, uber cloying candy-store scents that went by names such as 'Love Spell' or 'Dream Angels' or even early Bath and Body Works super syrupy scents.  To my then 20-something nose and lifestyle, yes, I wanted to smell like a candy factory.  

However, when I wear this and my kids come running thinking I've just opened a bag of Haribo and ask where I've hid the sweets in the house....I have no desire to smell like bags of Haribo candy. 
negative Angel opens sweet and earthy. After about 20 seconds a saltiness develops (almost salty sweaty skin, but a bit "cleaned-up")....and additionally becomes a little bit vegetal (carrot seed essential oil?). About 5 minutes in a bit of slightly sweet mint (spearmint?) and cocoa (bitter, not sweet) start to overtake the carrot seed. The "cleaned-up' salty sweaty skin is still pretty predominant. After about 20 minutes there's a little bit of vanilla bean and there is a very soft powder floral undercurrent about 1-2 hours after that. Angel stays with this very complex compilation through the rest of it's wear.

This was tested on dry skin in a warm, dry climate (in doors). Sillage is moderately strong at about 4-6 feet for the first two hours and then moderate to soft after that. Lasting power is about 6 - 8 hours.

This is an interesting amalgamation of notes. On me, it mostly smells "confused". Does it want to be a gourmand? intimately personal? challenging? perhaps a touch brash? It's all those things and I wasn't really enjoying that journey. However, I will say, I do appreciate it's complexity and uniqueness.
negative Angel is less shocking in the opening than Angel Men, but whereas Angel Men has some redemption in the base, Angel gets much worse as it develops, a cloying scrubber, and hard to wash off.
negative Angel smells exactly like Morning After Armpits. You know that semi-sweet, semi-sour, semi-BO smell... when your deodorant has all but given up. It's still trying to hang on for dear life, & quell that funky BO that's trying so hard to make it's presence known, but it doesn't quite make it. So you're left with that hot, used up, dirty pit smell.
Angel says "I could really use a shower!"

I've tried wearing this a couple of times & it just smells like dirty BO.

Rub your wrists on your hot, steamy, morning after armpits - you'll get the exact same results & it won't cost you anything.

neutral I so, so wanted to give this a Thumbs up since I have worn Angel since 1994.  Countless bottles purchased and used.  I have been known for this scent for decades.  Total signature scent.  1-2 sprays and I would be set all day.  Compliments at work, the grocery store, the car wash, social events. For the past few years, Angel is no longer strong, it does not last, project and I cannot remember the last time I got a compliment.  The IFRA reformulation literally killed the magic of Angel.  
neutral I was very excited about this perfume thought this  was very different.  The problem is it didn't smell good on me.  I loved it on everyone else and was disappointed when on me it was too smoky and strong.  I settled for the tamer Angel Innocent and loved it. 
positive Back in 1992, when everyone the world began wearing Angel, you couldn't have paid me to go near this gimmicky bottle.  I wore classics like YSL Paris or masculines like Annick Goutal Vetiver.  That was how I rolled.

I seem to recall Angel's peak years around the turn of the millennium.  I was wearing Bulgari Black then, or sometimes Fracas.  I still avoided the ubiquitous star bottle.  I wouldn't even sniff it.

A few years later, I'm wearing Creed Indiana and Tocca's Bianca.  Angel was right out then, too.

Life is different now and I'm mich more open minded.  My only concern when I sprayed it on for the very first time today was how Angel would wear on my skin.  And I'm happy to report that I think it works.  I get almost  no screech on my skin (thank God), but I do get a nice, slightly browned sugar cookie top note layered over warm cocoa and a fruity incense/patchouli base.  Taken together, Angel smells 
positive One of my everlasting favorite since 1992. A gourmand that is a party animal and a comforting heaven of caramel, cocoa and patchuli.. A masterpiece, especially, when i think of it as such a mainstream fragrance!
positive Salutation.

Absolutely Awesome.When I think About the Word Perfume,I think About ANGEL Immediately. A UNFAILING Perfume. ANGEL is all about Maturity. Heady in a SPECIAL way.It Evokes a lot of Sweet memories for Dignified Ladies. Heavy, Sweet,Bold,Worldy,Provocative,Hot, Creamy,Complex and Classy.

It is not for a Hasty person because The opening notes is Harsh and Excessively Strong as It is a Shock to those used to wearing Light Fragrances but Please Wait Because Minute by Minute Creates a Glorious and Romantic scent.Totally If you are Lucky,it will dry down to a Lovely Creamy on your skin. 

It hits you in a Numbing Wave and makes you feel Luxurious.The base notes is the best of it for me.This EVENING scents for a queen in SPECIAL occasions. Surely for WINTER . In my opinion It represents the Essence of Feminine Class.

Sillage?Attractive.

Longevity?The best part ANGEL for me as It is Legendary on my skin.

7.75/10 
positive 	Ambivalence is a rarity in perspectives about Angel. It is one of the infamous “love it or hate it” fragrances which excite me for their novelty alone. Examining people’s facial movements when they first smell Angel is as exciting as watching the reaction videos of people seeing “2 girls 1 cup”. The vulgarity of the two is essentially equal. The result of these two experiences can provoke repulsion and/or fascination. Perhaps this comparison is extreme but, when it comes to mainstream fragrance, Angel is about as scandalous as it gets. As it turns out, I am particularly fond of the uncanny as it appears in this context.
	Regardless, Angel’s distinctive odor drives me mad. My first experience after unleashing this monster from its striking bottle ended in complete admiration. It was intoxicating, decadent, and truly addictive. The dissonance of its components allows for a multi-faceted complexity that incites conversation. There is a battle between fruit, honey, chocolate, vanilla, ethyl maltol, screeching brightness, and a deep, earthy patchouli. There are even certain times when the first few moments of its application give me the perception of urine and dirt with some simple syrup poured on. I love Angel all the more for this reason. The individual notes are pleasant by themselves, but cooperate to form a Frankenstein which has that sort of “ugly pretty” quality that is valued in haute couture fashion these days.
	Angel is the car wreck that you can’t look away from, the tightrope walk you tense up over, and the trashy reality T.V. show you can’t stop watching. I cannot wear this fragrance without offending someone-- but they're going to have to deal with it.
positive Surprised to get a blast of Christmas at first, like sparkling wintry night. This one gave me some very strange impressions, because after an hour or so, fair/carnival food came to mind. Later I'm visualizing a classroom (art supplies?), though that's admittedly baffling. 

After a few hours it got musky on me, and I like it. I really like it. I've been enjoying it all day. Would work very well as unisex, as I'm not getting a particularly feminine vibe.

positive This gorgeous sexy gourmand scent is not for everone, as is evident from reviews here and everywhere. The first time I tried it, it felt like a slap in the face, offensive and rude - like no other perfume I had ever tried or wished to try (and apparently the first one ever made completely without flowery notes). Several years later I can't get enough. I am not much of a gourmand when it comes to perfume, but the ambery, musky patchouli drydown is what does it for me. It goes on and on forever, like a kid's dream of a day at the tivoli. 
positive Heck, let me confess. I have loved this (and Angel A*Men) for awhile. They smell yummy, but not cloyingly yummy to me.  Do Not put too much on, however, even the EDT. If you get into an elevator, either people take a step in the other direction, or they fawn all over me.  It is actually pretty funny. 
To each his own.

The vendors make some very nice Angel-like scents, in sprays and in roller balls, Saves tons of money!!
positive I'm a guy, and I sport the hell out`a some Angel EdP, but then again, I'm a hard core Patchouli lover. This juice is insanely intoxicating! I firmly believe that you have to lean on the cusp of enjoying Patchouli to really appreciate Angel because that's a polarizing note in itself, let alone the gorgeous hot mess going about in Angel which is centered around Patchouli. Even after 22 strong years on the market, Angel has never been reformulated, so you're getting the same formula from 1992, and for a mainstream fragrance, it is kinda pricey, but very high quality... niche quality. The opening and heart are beautiful, but the drydown is insanely good. When applied properly, Angel is mindblowing. There should be 2 thumbs to the left over there...
positive Why there isn't a page for the EDT version? This review is for the EDT.

I bought it blindly after fallen into the A*Men series spell, and I must admitt it does smell like a flanker of the original male scent. It is sweet but I cannot say the source, it is not candy floss for one thing. I smell mostly citrus and patchoulli, a bit of pepper, a bit of vanilla. there is a fruit accord but for me it is very blured, it could be red berries. I don't get the woody note perhaps because I don't keep the EDT that long for real base notes, but I get the clean, musk feeling during the whole life of Angel EDT on my skin, about 4 to 5 hours, before I have a shower, I live in a hot country and in a small enought town for me to go home for lunch, I am a lucky/happy man. also, I don't get praline or chocolate, but a very bitter cocoa powder that geves A a very masculine edge, just like it does in L'Instant de Guerlain. In fact, having in my mind A*Men and Pure Malt all the time it is hard to realize it is in fact a woman's scent. One male scent much sweeter that this is Lalique Lion pour Homme, which is almost sufoccating vanilla for me. So, what makes it a feminine fragrance? There's no flower. No powderness. Angel EDT could be just as well A*Men Pure Citron Limited Edition. Not bad, not bad at all. Can't see why this shouldn't be a safe blind buy.
positive When I first smelled Angel, I was appalled - how disgusting I thought. It kept drawing me back and smelling it and lo and behold I love it  now. I know this is a common experience with people new to Angel. When I wore it, it was definitely strong at first (Don't need alot) but then it dried down beautifully and I can smell it on me all day. Not overwhelmingly, just something I kept wanting to smell. I don't understand why people have that first reaction to it as I did, but boy am I glad I gave it a chance. I hate anything with floral notes (they remind me of a funeral home) so maybe that's why I really like it. Please give it a chance. You may turn out like me!
positive Men seem to love this fragrance while women I encounter have been known to tear-up and sneeze.
On first opening this has a candy meets flower accord.
I smell my grandma's bourbon chocolate candy and divinity competing with a lot of patchouli. Then it simmers down to pleasant vanilla competing with patchouli. Then the patchouli wins. The dry down smells amazingly of soft iris to me. The lotion is to my taste, the perfume being way too strong.
positive 5 stars for being one of the most unapologetic and "out-there" scents ever. Angel pretty much defined the fruit-chouli, gourmand genres back in the day. While I'll always consider Chopard Casmir the original early-90s "gourmand" powerhouse, Angel is far more disctinctive, albeit harder to understand.
I'd hazard to say there's nothing very balanced about the scent at all. It's a very focused sensorial overload of stewed plums, cotton-candy, chocolate-covered caramels, and that sharp green smell of wet, fresh-cut grass. No flowers, no woods, no musk to dilute it whatsoever. Those who love it can't get enough if it, and for those who don't, Angel is an olfactorial assault.
This scent to me is like a friend who bleaches her hair a little too blonde, wears a little too much bronzer, talks a little too loud, and likes her clothes a little too tight. Many times she's a bit too much, but then she has such a lovely heart that I wouldn't ever want to change a thing.

One bonus? Mugler hasn't yet gone the route of some other companies and jumped on the reformulation bandwagon. What I smell today is what I smelt that first time 10 years ago.
positive I did not "get" Angel at first sniff and I had to give it many wearings.  What a fragrance!  Certainly unique and mature, and far from the candy/fruity scents now so popular. 

I admit that it is not for everyone. 

This patchouli gourmand is powerful and there is nothing young and flirty about it.  It can easily be worn as a unisex with its chocolate patchouli with caramel and vanilla.

For those turned off to Angel, I recommend giving this one time and several wearings before writing it off.
positive When applied appropriately (Max. 4-5 sprays) and after about half an hour it smells like being in heaven in the middle of winter!
I just can't stop sniffing my wife! and it fills all the car sitting together, no matter which scent I've worn or how much I've applied!
Great sillage & longevity, mature & sexy!
To me almost no other scent even close to it, UNIQUE!
Big Big Big thumbs up!
positive I first owned this perfume over 15 years ago. it was quite an experience for me then. I'm not really a  Gourmand type, and had never worn anything like it,  it shocked me the first time I encountered, it continued to shock me each time I wore it. In fact I  don't really know why I wore it, I just sometimes felt I  really needed it, like a decadent *fix* of a calorie laden   Belgian Chocolate gateau.

As I began to smell it on every other woman  in the street/restaurant/shop, I placed it in the back of the drawer, gave it away finally.  Last month as I was walking through the perfume dept I saw it sitting there and, the old addiction rose up, I needed  my *fix*.

Ive matured since then, just because I own a perfume, doesn't mean it needs to come with me everywhere I go, Angel is my private comfort food  scent. I now like to  indulge in it's heady, warm, mouth watering sensuous Chocolate vanilla blanket  in the evening, so it has dried down to its heavenly almost nursery caramel treat stage by bedtime.

I love Angel now it is no longer a challenge to me and I know what to do with it, some scents are just too delicious  and personal to share.

negative If there were an intelligent species of alien who viewed us as mindless vermin, much as we view cockroaches, then the poisoned bait they'd strew across the planet in a desperate attempt to exterminate us would doubtless smell very much like Angel.

---

I don't much care for it when people talk about being nauseated by fragrances (unless they really do mean that it causes a literal physical reaction in them, like a migraine or an allergic response). Saying that something smells so bad that it makes you sick...it just seems a little tactless to me, you know? I mean, you're basically telling people who like and wear the fragrance that you think they smell gross. It's just not very polite.

So please understand that when I say that Angel turns my stomach, I am not using that phrase as a shorthand for claiming that I think it smells bad (or that you smell bad while wearing it). On the contrary, Angel smells...well, it smells both good *and* bad to me, both tasty and inedible, and that's the combination that causes all the trouble. It's that particular combination of edible/poisonous that triggers nausea in me, as if it causes some primal part of my lizard brain to wake up and start screaming in alarm. It's a combination that doesn't register so much as offensive or "icky" to me as it does as actively *dangerous,* because that combination of "Yummy...oh, no, but wait--" is the sign of food gone bad, a warning of incipient food poisoning. Or even worse, perhaps it's the smell of deliberate *bait.* It's the evil witch's gingerbread house, the sweetness down the gullet of the Venus Flytrap, the urban legend's Halloween apples with razor blades hidden inside of them. It's an Admiral Akhbar sort of thing: one whiff, and every nerve in my body starts screaming "No, don't go near it! It's a TRAAAAAAP!" It's tainted candy, poisoned honey, chocolate laced with arsenic. If there's amber here, then we are the flies.

Angel is to me what I imagine a delicious-looking wriggling worm with a barbed hook sticking through it might be to a sapient fish. Uhhh, yeah. You guys can have that one all to yourselves, thanks. I...I really wasn't hungry anyway.
negative Got a sample vial for reasons of sick curiosity.  

Roughly the same experience as when a cat gorges itself on cupcakes and Cadbury Caramello then horks it all up on your pillow.
negative Migraine in a star-shaped bottle.

What on earth is that?

I cannot distinguish the notes. They seem squished together like sardines and I'm pretty sure they are angry with me.

Why did the bottle need to look like something reminiscent of decor belonging to Studio 54? Am I missing something? Is there a reference I'm supposed to be getting? 

Ouch. The migraine is real.

Fail.
negative I really cannot bring myself to like--or even tolerate--this perfume.  I will never forget the first time I smelled it--I was with a very attractive, well to do woman (a client of mine) and after a long meeting we all went on to dinner and while we were getting ready to go, she put on lipstick, brushed her hair and sprayed on some perfume.  All charming, feminine gestures, except.....  When she sprayed on Angel, everyone around the table did a double take--shock, horror, wrinkled noses, watering eyes, the whole lot.  I SERIOUSLY thought that she had put on Raid insect killer by mistake--the smell was identical. It makes sense that I would not like it as I do not care for gourmand scents and do not like/am allergic to chocolate.  But Raid?  Really?  Does anyone like that smell?  The kicker is that after the dinner, we both flew home together on a very small plane and even in the drydown--which is better--all I could think of is pest control.  In all fairness, I did once buy this for a secretary I had as a parting gift--she never wore it in the office, thank God, but had mentioned always wanting a bottle and as she was moving to another town, I thought, why not?  I also thought, why? 
negative Definitely a gourmand. Some clashing, fruity top notes can be detected up close but are buried within seconds under a load of artificially flavoured diet caramel custard. Nothing subtle or even chocolatey about this caramel & vanilla scent.
negative I got sprayed with this by a sales associate who swore this was the closest thing to smelling what angels wore when they have an appointment with THE BOSS.
Silly, gullible, me. I discovered that stupid mistakes can be made even in the "safest" places.

This fragrance is not cheap, simple, or unintelligent. And I could detect some wonderful things in there. I absolutely adore patchouli (right after the fleeting camphor is gone). And I also love resinous smells. There's also something earthy in there. You may think I'm strange, but I also love earthy smells. And those are very prominent in Angel's formulation.

The problem was that I had to overcome my revulsion for what covered the good stuff: a monstrous rotten-sweet breath from hell. Along with that, superlative perversion: there seemed to be some flowers in there - rotting in hell. This perfume is certainly an angel, a fallen angel. I believe you call that a demon. Unfortunately, no church on earth has ever appointed an exorcist that specializes in perfumes.

Have you ever noticed that some of the most horrifying smells in the world are actually very sweet? Super ripe trash can with syrup? Well they managed to bottle just that in there. It seemed tailored to repel, then attract, then repel... until I ran away, confused and quite scared. I had NEVER (until I met Kouros) smelled something so vile coming from a perfume (!?) bottle.

Why scared? I wondered if my mind was REALLY playing nasty tricks on me. It was not. I was forced to fully "enjoy" it because it lasted the whole day on my arm. I did try to wash it out, but it had already adhered to my shirt sleeve. AND there was no soap in the public restroom that I visited. Mere water, along with some desperate rubbing, did not work at all. It did make the "Angel" extend its awesome power to my right hand. Touched, and marked, by EVIL.

Actually, I have used and enjoyed those cheap fragrance oil knockoffs that are available in shopping malls, Indian stores, and street corners. They contain most of the good stuff that Angel hides under its demonic (but not nicely sulphuric) stench. Whoever makes those, can certainly recognize a bad thing when they smell it.

negative  I was so intrigued upon hearing about this scent.  With a name like Angel, I envisioned a heavenly, spiritual scent, and it is anything but!  This scent is strong and overpowering and muddled, so much so I had a hard time distinguishing any real notes.  The best way I can describe it is like an artist coloring with every color in his pallet until it becomes muddy with no distinct color. " Angel like" it is not.  When a perfume leaves you feeling choked up and queasy it is definitely not for you.
 With that said I realize my taste in perfume is much different than a lot of people and I can see how this scent could appeal to others...Thierry Mugler thinks way outside the perfumers box and I appreciate that, it's refreshing but for me his scents are so far out there, they are unreachable to me and my tastes.  I love his ingenuity though, I think it's revolutionary.
 I can tolerate Alien and Womanity, but again, too much for me. My daughter took my Alien and loved it at first but had to roll the window down later just to breathe out of its aura.
 In summation, these are very adult pungent scents that command attention, albeit the right attention is for you to decide.
negative I agree with the previous post...Angel is unforgettable in a BAD way!  It is overpowering, aggressive, in your face foul and I have yet to smell anything worse...well, there is still Shalimar but that's not the point. Angel smells like a dirty, trashy woman to me, no offense to those who like it, it smells like an unshowered woman that sprayed perfume on to kill the funk rather than bathe! It is sweet, rancid and just nasty smelling.  I have not and will not try it on, I am afraid; and every woman I smell wearing it offends my sense of smell.

I do not like Angel!
negative I thought I was ready to experience this classic. Gourmand orientals are probably my favorite genre and I'm really into fragrances with character and depth. That said, this is the first fragrance I've tried that made me want to scrub it off my wrist immediately. I fought the impulse and tried to give it some time but I couldn't go longer than 20 minutes. 

My first impression was vile. Angel is so sweet it smells dirty. It made me feel sticky and in need of a shower. It smelled like I had my face against a dirty wooden floor after a 4 year old birthday party, in which the raspberry popsicles and vanilla ice cream were a hit, got out of hand and ended in a mess of sticky-faced, noise-picking, obnoxious children. Also brought this imagery of a landfill for popsicle sticks. 

It shrieks. I tried to ignore it while browsing the rest of the store, hoping that it would simmer down and reward my patience with something pleasant smelling. But I felt like I was being followed by a banshee. 

I do have to give Angel credit for being so salient and uncanny. It evokes memories of my past nightmares. The scent is permanently branded into my memory as a synesthetic image. The main notes I could detect were raspberry, an overdose of patchouli, and a smidge of vanilla. All scents that should be agreeable, but somehow the combination is raunchy and undeniably unforgettable. 
negative When I tried this, all I got was chocolate-caramel sticky sweet sickening cake batter with a whalloping double dose of vanilla.  Makes me think of eating Nestle's Quick out of the can as a child.     

neutral I had to try this divisive scent and the moment it hit me - I recalled it. It was a scent that was popular when I was child. It was everywhere. It was inescapable. 

On me, it was a lovely warm cocoa scent...with vague hints of camphor. Once that harshness wore off, it was pleasant enough. Cocoa sweetness. The divisiveness of this scent however discourages me from ever wearing it public. Read some of the negative reviews here. Good for a laugh but also makes one wary. 
neutral For me this was a full powered in your face scent. Having heard so many Thierry Mugler Angel converts talk about this incredible fragrance I had to try it. Purchasing a bottle I found I was so disappointed, I love Amber, Patchouli and scents with jasmine and rose but this just didn't translate. 

At first it's full on cotton candy with a hint of musky cocoa. The musk gives it a grown up edge but the cotton candy notes dampened down the adult aspect of this fragrance and I personally was left feeling like mutton dressed as lamb. 

It lasted all day, even after bathing which resulted in a serious migraine. I didn't give up, I wanted this to work so badly so gave it a few more goes finally deciding that it was a no-go for me.
neutral Hate then LoveThe 1st spray is like spraying insect repellent! If you don't make it past 30 minutes of wear, you will always say that you hate this perfume and that if not anything else...it will keep the mosquitos away. BUT if you are able to pass the 30 minute mark it changes to a warm vanilla. The strong patchouli that you smelled at first dies down tremendously.Pros: UnisexCons: 1st 30minutes"
neutral OK, so here's the legendary Angel.  For all the drama and notoriety, it's not nearly as sickly sweet as I had imagined it would be.

So what does it smell like?  Well, its that synergy that happens when patchouli and vanilla mix and it smells like burnt caramel.  It's got lavender and some sort of aromatic green menthol-ish herb on top for brightness.  It's also got a milky note, so it kind of smells like dulce de leche, the caramel you get from heating a can of evaporated condensed milk.  There's also an animalic undertone, a sort of vaguely poopy sweaty smell like a very dirty child (which was especially unnerving when mixed with the milk smell), as well as some sort of fruits and chocolate.  But it all came together to smell like a multi-layered caramel smell with lots of bright non-gourmand aromatics and a thin layer of gross underneath.

Time has proven that you can add almost anything to this Angel formula and get gold.  From A*Men and its flankers to the hundreds of gourmands influenced by Angel, this really has launched a revolution.  And that's my main issue with Angel - After smelling it with smoke and coffee and malt and woods and cotton candy and licorice and leather and everything else that's been thrown at it, Angel seems a little less compelling than its spawn.  The only thing that Angel brings to the table that's missing from its descendants is that gross animalic milk smell, which was the part I didn't like.  Aside from its general loudness, I have no technical issues with Angel, but I'd personally much rather wear A*Men or New Haarlem, which take the Angel structure in directions I like better.
neutral I love Angel on a scent strip.  It's positively sexy and juicy and mouthwatering. But on my skin, it's ONLY patchouli. I got this as a gift in the late '90s and wore it until I ran out. Maybe I'll try it again.
positive ANGEL –  Mugler – 1992     [fruity, vanilla, powdery]

This one I am going out on a limb for – people either love it or hate it.  It begins with a strong mix of strawberry, dewberry and chocolate/caramel, which quickly dries down to a fruity, powdery vanilla that is extremely captivating.  The dry down can be reminiscent of Earl Grey Tea. This is a heart melter for both sexes, as it works on some of our most primary food scent attractions.  

I advise you to try a sample first and give it a chance over many applications – in other words, don’t decide right off whether you like it or not – give it time to win you over.

Totally unique scent combination that prompted many imitators – but the original is the best of the lot.

Top Notes: Strawberry, Dewberry, Helonial, Honey, Bergamot, Jasmine, Orchid, Rose
Middle Notes: Chocolate, Caramel, Coumarin
Base Notes: Vanilla, Patchouli, Sandalwood, Musk

positive Smells creamy and sweet, definitely a delicious scent. I'm a guy and I wear this. It smells that awesome. I think this should be a unisex fragrance in my opinion but for that to be so, there has to be that certain man who would be able to pull this off.

Overall rating 8.7/10.
positive I have an amusing relationship with this fragrance.  A guy I was seeing briefly insisted I try it. I meekly agreed despite not finding anything to recommend it.  I was very unimpressed when first sprayed and the day went by without incident.  Only two days later...I couldn't get it out of my mind and needed, wanted, craved it.  

Since then, every person who comes near me for any time at all can't help but comment on how the smell suits me...some even mention it more than once - weird?  I've had guys who otherwise have no interest in perfumes actually ask me the name of what I'm wearing.  I haven't worn another scent that elicits that sort of reaction.  Ever.  
positive susieq813 is right: sample it before  you buy it, and since you're at it, grab a spoon, because you're in for an edible trip. 

Angel is the typical fragrance that raises the question: is she wearing the perfume or the perfume wearing her?

Other than patchouli, the list of notes is long enough for anyone to smell something different all the time.
positive ((Wow...  I just saw that Angel has been around for almost 20 years.  I had no idea!))

So, 10 years ago, I got my very first whiff of Angel.  I was babysitting, and the mother of the kids had a bottle in the bathroom.  It was in love at first smell.   In high school, I loved patchouli, and I think of Angel as an "adult version" of patchouli!  While working at a perfume kiosk a few years later, I would steal sprays of the sample non-stop! 

Angel IS on the pricey-side, compared to some perfumes out there.  But, I got the star that you can refill... which is a brilliant idea!  It's also a perfume you need to try before you buy.  It is very strong, and at first it may knock you off your feet.  But give it a chance.  Most people love it.  I get compliments on it HOURS after I put it on.  So, it's definitely long-lasting.  Give it a try!
positive There are certain accords in fragrances, similar to a specific chord change in music,  which knock you off your feet. I won't bore everyone by listing some though. There is a moment in Angel which sent shivers down my spine. This is when, about 5 minutes in, the blackcurrant/peach note emerges from the fog of chocolate and patchouli -- it is truly exquisite. For one instance, I was thinking I could pull this off, but the rather long and powerful drydown is too feminine for me. This was the EDP and it is very potent. That burgeoning accord, while it lasted, deserves a thumbs up on its own.
positive I AM ABSOLUTELY CRAZY ABOUT THIS STUFF. Since I'm out of Shalimar right now, it's my favorite scent I own. 

Yes, Angel tends to be  a love-it-or-hate-it topic; that's because the fragrance is so very original.  Olivier Cresp (TM's perfumer, who built Angel) clearly has a yard of guts, and so do the folks chez Thierry Mugler; I'm told Angel just didn't sell for the first two years, but they kept making it and let it find its audience.  

And, boy, does this fragrance "work" on me!  I love fragrances with strong and unexpected contrasts between the top and bottom notes, and some light and space in the middle; Mark's White Vetiver does this rather badly and Fergie's Outspoken Intense does it pretty well, but Angel is the mack momma of this style.  All that bright soft  sweetness up top and then that BIG patchouli note underneath. . .I'm just gone on the stuff.  I'll wear the men's version when I can get a dab of it, too, though I haven't worn it enough to talk about it intelligently.
positive YUM!!! Luckily Angel now works with me, it didn't always, I used to HATE Angel with a red hot passion! I think the reason I hated Angel previously was not only because of the mega dose of patchouli that assaulted my nose upon first spray but also because I was putting one spray on each wrist and that was just too much!! I attempted Angel again while studying up on Innocent (which I like a lot), I kept going back to reviews of Angel and was intrigued by how blank and white the reviews seemed, people either loved or hated Angel with very little so-so in between. I dug out my sample and squirted it on a q-tip then lightly dabbed it on my wrists, I did still get the strong patchouli but it was much milder and the dry down was to die for, on me it's a blend of deep dark chocolate, a touch of vanilla and patchouli. I've now graduated to one spray on my wrist then lightly rubbed on the other wrist and lo and behold I actually LOVE the patchouli now!! My husband loves it too! I think Angel really comes down to personal chemistry, it smells wonderful on some and horrible on some, I also think it is frequently over applied and that's why it has such a bad reputation, if the over sprayers would lighten up you'd probably get more compliments and less scowls. 
positive Well, I have waited a good long time before sampling Angel.  The fact that it has all that patchouli in it has always scared me off.  I have never liked a lot of patchouli in a fragrance.  All that said, I finally took the plunge and tried my first Thierry Mugler scent!
The first whiff was all sweet, sweet fruit and linament! "Oh, boy"  I thought,"here we go."  Now, I know better than to judge a perfume by its' top notes alone.   So I waited patiently for the dry down and what do you know?  Such a pleasent surprise!
Every note seems to meld together in the dry down into a lovely, edible (and not to terribly sweet) accord!
No wonder this scent has always been touted as a ground-breaker!  Well done, Thierry Mugler!
positive This is my mother's new signature scent. I've given it her for her birthday together with my sister (it's really expensive!).
I liked it very much on her but when I tried it on a little, it didn't smell good. Very nauseating on my side.

Then, after a few days my sister and I went a little grumpy saying: "Have you sprayed your scent on?" when she just sprayed it on.
It's very heavy on the beginning and after a few days, a little annoying in the beginning.
But after a few minutes it gets back to great.

The biggest downturns on this fragrance are that it's so damn expensive and that the star-shaped bottle can't be put standing upright.
positive I like this its very masculine and feminine equally so it should be Unisex because Im a man and I wear it all the time and its more masculine than some of my other colognes lolz but its great it smells like a chocolate candy shop with a hint of berrries and plums and some patchouli and little bit of honey. If anyone like gourmand scents this for U but becareful this thing projects like a titanic so watch how much u spray on U or U will suffocate but im very happy to own this fragrance!
positive I have a hard time understanding why Angel is a love-it or hate-it scent, because I can't imagine anyone not loving it.

This is a fragrance for women who aren't afraid to flaunt their femininity, and don't care whether you like it or not.  Angel is raging feminine sexuality, grabbing you by your hair and pulling you in.  I get weak at the knees any time the smell of Angel is nearby.  

If you're going to wear Angel, at least do it right.  In other words, don't wear this discreetly.  Angel is strong and it's loud, and it should be worn that way.  Spray it in your hair for maximum sillage and allure.

This isn't a perfume.  It's a potion.

MY RATING:  10/10
positive Angel was one of the most  groundbreaking and influential releases in the early 90's mass market perfumery. A magistrally creafted and very rich fruity gourmandic frangrance that became huge all over the world. Chocolate, coconut and candies with melon and mandarin on top and floral hints throughout. An unique combination of notes to create a deep, sweet and very distinctive scent awarded in the FIFI hall of fame in 1997.

Fortunately / unfortunately (depending on the point of view), Angel had an incredible commercial feedback so that in a certain period almost everybody used to wear it. In the mid 90's any bar, club, restaurant, disco or public space was filled by the loud smell of Angel as any girl /woman used it in huge amounts, so it fastly turned to be irritant and nauseating.

Now, after almost two decades, time has done its part and it seems that many persons forgot about this fragrance so that Angel can be wore again, but please ladies...be careful with dosage.

A landmark in perfumery and a mandatory try.
positive This was an impulsive buy. I don't really like it on myself as I think it is too loud and I have to say I like loud perfumes. Cristobal by Cristobal Balenciaga has a very similar heart and base, but possibly more  elegant and with a wonderful sillage. 
positive Just slightly gourmand, we could say. This infamous fragrance is, in its aroused angular feel high in the air, the olfactory "metallic" equivalent of a sugared almond flavoured by anise and chocolate, overall with a mentholated aromatic backtaste. It's indeed sweet, floral, metallurgical and aromatic in an icy-mentholated way. Angel is not properly mysterious but classic/chic, icy/romantic, fairy, starry and paradoxically vintage/glamour with its bombastic rooty-icy-candied patchouli. It's in tone with a frosty metropolitan night out, while the wearer is commuting from a club to an other one. The citrus, the aromatic icy "water", the flowers and some herbal elements are prominent at the beginning but express their own power throughout the development. Angel in short enters just one foot inside the gourmand territories and the chocolate-caramel accord is toned down in comparison with the denser A*Man. What is undeniable is that this futuristic scent is weirdly "glamour/retro" with its cool-warm, smooth-metallic splinters of stary patchouli-vanilla. Angel is a plutonic blend of creams and alluminium, a brash mix of choccolate, harsh citrus, fruits, flowers, vanilla, caramel, honey and earthy patchouli watered and aromatized in a synthetic and mentholated-balsamic way by the link between lavender-helonial-coumarin. The blend is surrounded by many further complementary elements. Angel is a mix of contrasts and over this state of things it roots its modern strength. The beginning is industrially hesperidic in an almost off-putting sugary way. It's like a clanking rattle of  iron scrap. In a second phase the elements start to intersects mutually in the right way disclosing a silkier milky-soapy-aromatic side with an iceberg floating inside. Angel is proudly synthetical with a bombastic projection and a not less emphatic longevity. A winner on the market and among the young ladies as well as Hypnotic Poison but far in a far better way for sure.
positive This is the one perfume I keep coming back to...in the past I have always found a new scent to wear, about once a year or so. Angel is the only one I've ever purchased twice. It's my go-to signature scent, the one that comforts me and makes me feel sexy and confident.

That being said, I won't get into HOW it smells, as there are so many reviews about that. I will, however, point out a few things I've noticed that make this scent even more unique. 

Angel smells completely different on paper/clothing than on skin...if you don't like it on your skin due to the smoky camphor note you get the first few minutes, try it on your clothing instead. 

Also, I know some will say not to rub your wrists after applying, but I always do with this particular scent...reason being, I find the smoky burnt candy notes go away rather quickly after this and the heart notes kick in faster. I'll admit that the heart & base notes are definitely the highlight of this fragrance, at least for me. 

Lastly, this is the only scent I've ever worn that changes so much as my body temperature rises. The honey/melon/peach notes are at their peak when I am very warm...and men seem to really love this fragrance! 


Dec
15
2008 

positive I was scared even to try this one. But month ago I've find out that my beloved Angel le lys is discontinued (whole Garden of star collection:( ), so I've decided to give a chance to her older sister (mother?). I've expected a sweet bomb - chocolate, vanilla, candies, sugar, honey, fruits... And I got patchouli. Nice one, polite, a bit sweeter than in Eden for example but not sweet. Not loud, not cloying, just well behaved patchouli with some strange spices. And I love it:) I still prefer Angel le lys but Angel itself is pleasant surprise. And nothing to be scared of (on me).
positive Man. Candy.

I'm reviewing this from reverse: I haven't worn it, but I've smelled it on many.  And oh my goodness do I ever love it.  My girlfriend (a Basenoter who shall remain nameless) says I'm a poser for even admitting I like this, but I can't deny my true self.  The truth will out.  I love this stuff.

Quite literally, four of the last five times I've asked a woman "OMG, what is that you're wearing?" she's said Angel.  While that certainly suggests something about my taste, it also suggests something about my total inability to recall utterly commen scents but we won't belabor that point further here.  Moving right along.  I love this stuff.  I dream of its candylike beckoning.  I want more.  
positive Chocolate, chocolate, chocolate, yada, yada, yada. I'm not eating a candy bar here. My first encounter with this was after significant dry-down. A delicious, complex variation on patchouli, which I am just a sucker for. Just got some for my wife - we'll see how that works out. So far, just tried some on myself. Early on, I pick up a somewhat annoying sour note. This disappears and improves over a little bit of time. Not quite at the patchouli point yet, but very pleasing. Quite impressive.
positive Pervasive instability of mood, impulsive aggressiveness, a frantic drive not to be alone, serial crises.  Yes, Angel, it’s borderline personality disorder.

negative Oh Angel, how I wanted to love you...but you hate me....

I have tried this fragrance twice on the strength of the positive recommendations from this (and other) forum(s) and twice I've had an absolutely horrific experience. The first time I tried Angel (in a major department store) it smelled so bad the sales girl literally towed me to a make up removal station and tried to scrub it from my arm. My four year old son made the "yuck" face and refused to stand on that side of my body.

Why go back the second time? I thought, "this can't be right...everybody says Angel is divine...maybe that first bottle had turned." Oh no. I am convinced Angel HATES my body chemistry. The second time smelled exactly the same but this time the sales person at the perfume counter tried to tell me it was lovely as she(unsuccessfully) tried not to make the "yuck" face herself. (Side note: Don't lie to us salespeople...we CAN smell ourselves.)

So what did Angel smell like on me? No disrespect intended to those of you who wear Angel, but on me it smelled like rancid fruit. I also got a note of something that smelled like rotting meat. On others- chocolate, on me- rotting things. Another cautionary tale about the importance of body chemistry. So a one overall but a five for longevity. Why? Because it smelled revolting for about 15 hours even after all attempts to remove it/cover it up with something else/shower.

On a side note...none of the Mugler fragrances smell as they are "supposed" to on me and I am now really curious about it. Angel and Alien really smell repulsive on me but lovely on others. Womanity smells good but not the way it was intended. Anybody have ideas about why these Mugler fragrances would behave this way on me when no others do?
negative Oh wow...this was a fragrance I didn't want to last on my skin! I couldn't believe it. So, many love it. It sounds like a fragrance I would love. But, on me, everything meshed together into one big bad sweet smell of ick.
negative When I first smelled this I liked it. But, when I sampled it there was something there, just beyond the sweetness that reminded me of a sweating hot dog vendor in mid-summer.  Tried it three times and couldn't get past that smell. 
negative I am sure that all the devils in hell wear Angel, Samsara, Youth Dew and all the other loud and cheap fragrances.  Angel is so disgustingly sweet and strong it gives me a headache and makes me feel sick to my stomach whenever I am too close to a woman who is wearing it.  I just can't understand how such an awful stench could become so popular.  Why on earth would anyone want to smell like a dessert cart on steroids?
negative I definitely need to try this one on again as so far my experience of this is more akin to Angel of Death than something heavenly. I remember sniffing it in Liberty's in London one winter in the 90s - and absolutely loving it. Then everyone started wearing it. In high quantities, in crowded tubes in summer and smoke filled clubs with poor ventilation at nightime and I hated it.

A friend wears this as her signature scent so it is tolerable (prob cos she's an angel herself) but I still can't help but feel choked whenever I try it on again in a shop and try to recapture that first sniff. 

Smells like death by candy floss in an overheated elevator to me and I would never inflict this on other people in the dog days of summer - unless I didn't like them. Chokingly sweet, overbearing, totally unsexy and impossible to wear lightly IMO. Yuck!
negative Oh dear, what can I say about Angel. I was apprehensive about getting this, especially as it was a blind buy but at the price I got it for I couldn't complain. I loved the sound of the sweet, chocolate notes, plus I thought it's reputation would speak for itself.

I'm not adverse to saccharine sweet fragrances, but I didn't find Angel toothache inducing - more HEADACHE inducing. My temples start pounding before the drydown. I know that Angel is regarded as the queen of gourmands but it doesn't make my mouth water at all - what berries, chocolate, caramel, vanilla??? Maybe a bit of chocolate, but after a while all I get is unrelenting stubborn PATCHOULI! I was expecting something a bit more "tasty", and I was disappointed.

I can actually imagine this as a car air freshener, and that's not something a woman should smell of.

Angel is a very unique fragrance, I can't deny it, but it's far too strong and sharp for me and my sensitive migraneous head.
negative Everyone can dislike or like this fragrance, but one thing is certain: Angel Is UNIQUE and different.

I fall in love with A*men (the male version) some years ago, and i never try angel until yesterday.

What can I say? Maybe many diferents notes for one scent?

The male version has many differents notes too, but in A*man the notes of Mint, Coffee, Patchouli, milk and caramel have some direction. Making A*man more Warm and Gourmand.

I think Angel fails in this aspect because is a extremely strong spicy Fragrance, there isn't a note that temper the others, so the first 15 minutes is unbearable, Who the hell can wears this?? I never could and I like spices, but this is too much!

Vanilla? this smells anything but Vanilla, i think this is more like an oriental Spicy.

There is something good about angel and I think it is the drydown, this part smells very similar to the male version, maybe now I can smell some vanilla, but this happens after four hours of been wearing this scent! It's just a pity!

I can see Coco chanel saying: Woman's need to smells like Woman, not like a strong Spicy Dark Chocolate.

neutral After first reading the notes in Angel, I wanted to love it. On the right person, it smells wonderful. But I've smelled it on people (most notable one sitting next to me on an airplane), where it was overbearing, cloying, and smelled like the person was unwashed. I must admit, though, that it doesn't smell as unpleasant to me now as it did 10 years ago. Maybe I'll give it another ten and try again.
neutral Okay I can see why people like it but...

It totally smells to me like "apples dipped in honey for Rosh Hashana" from when I used to goto Temple as a kid...

Not for me... 
neutral 
I like the smell on other people, sometimes, but PATCHOULI ALERT!
If I apply it I will scrub my skin red to get it off--it's extreme.
Somehow it smells like it is better-made than Angel Innocent, even if I can't wear Angel. I absolutely can't wear it, it took a few tries to realize I really, really don't like it.

I share the opinion that the abusers of this fragrance give perfume-wearers a bad reputation. It's downright unjust!
But those with the lightest hand simply like to have their cake and smell like it too...
It's my mother's favorite perfume, so thank goodness I don't hate it. I don't smell it frequently either, women around here prefer Coco Mlle., Light Blue, J'adore, Juicy stuff and the likes....

positive If I were a dragqueen I would wear Angel, here's why:

FAAAAABULOUS-first-sniff-impression

It's 6' 4" tall (without heels)

It's so conspiciously feminine there's no question about who's the most FAABULOUS LADY in the house

Yet, it's suspiciously masculine - as Luca Turin sharply puts it, Angel has an adam's apple (that brilliant patchouli!)

Did I mention it's FABULOUS?
positive this did not work in summer's heat for me at all. however, re-tried on a whim in the cold of winter and it turned BEAUTIFUL --and very sexy-- on me! I have officially become a HUGE Thiery Mugler fan: many of his fragrances have reacted similarly on my skin. The notes also vary greatly with "time of the month" which attest to the depth and genius of TM as an artist-advocate for all our feminine sides!
positive It's summer, and you know what that means? I'll be wearing gigantic orientals, their sillage amplified by a quarter-inch of sweat. It's considered gauche to wear loud fragrances in summer, but I completely disagree; all the big orientals- Youth-Dew, Opium, Angel- seem positively designed for this kind of sweltering provocation. A good layer of sweat really brings out their "COME HITHER, YOU BIG MAN" qualities. Speaking of Angel, I think it might have surpassed Youth-Dew as my all-time favorite perfume. I got my star refilled at Nordstrom last week for the nice price of $45 and I've been wearing it continuously for the past week. It's just such an endlessly fascinating and disturbing fragrance, and it's impossible to categorize or understand. It was released in '92, well into the onset of what Chandler Burr calls the "anorexic oceanics of the 1990s", yet it is a throbbing, room-filling fuck-off power-woman scent in the 80's OpiumPoisonGiorgio style. It straddles the line between male and female despite being intended for and worn mainly by women; an ultra-femme pink cotton candy note is strangled to death before your eyes by a virile, throaty patchouli. It is one of the most successful perfumes in history and is available at Wal-Mart but it does not in any way comply with the American imperative to smell "clean"- in fact, it smells positively raunchy, as though body odor and sweet musky shit-stained panties were layered with rotting fruit and topped off with a post-apocalyptic stripper pole. Its advertising is counter-intuitive and designed to distract potential customers from what it ACTUALLY smells like; the packaging is light blue when the juice smells a sinister glittery brown. Sales-associates will inform dimwitted women that it smells of chocolates and sweets, when it smells of death and the infinite beyond. Ad copy refers to the "tender notes of Angel" and "memories of Thierry Mugler's childhood"; Angel wearers clearly lost their innocence LONG ago and now confront everyone they meet with the olfactory tenderness of snorting jagged shards of blue sugar glass. Angel is worn equally by conservative women (allegedly it is the signature scent of both Laura Bush and Hillary Clinton) and women of the night (numerous sources have told me of its popularity among erotic dancers). AND IT WAS A HUGE HIT! More disturbing is the nicotine-like addiction that Angel induces in the wearer, necessitating the purchase of (literally) hundreds of bizarrely named ancillary products ("Celestial Showers Gel"? "Perfuming Hair Mist"?) in an effort to preserve the scent on skin for the rest of your lifetime. The addictive part of Angel, the really good part, is that first blast of body odor and rotten fruit that fades within a few minutes, so the wearer is forced to continually reapply to get that kick. The more you wear it, the more you become anosmic to it, so you keep putting on layer upon layer upon layer, achieving a Baby Jane-like flaking pancake makeup effect and making you smell TRULY filthy, TRULY like you have been living on the streets and selling your unclean body for weeks. As Anais Reboux says to Roxane Mesquida at the beginning of Breillat's "Fat Girl", "You reek of loose morals." They have soda fountain-style REFILL STATIONS at all major department stores, for Christ's sake! I indulge in dreams of taking foot-tall Slurpee cups to Nordstrom and demanding that an effete, tittering male sales associate fill them to the brim, at gunpoint. How on earth did you get away with it, Mugler? Around the time of its release, sales associates were instructed to forcefully spray it on the arms of confused women, look directly in their trembling eyes, and tell them, mantra-like, "THIS IS A FRAGRANCE FOR A UNIQUE WOMAN. NO ONE ELSE WILL SMELL LIKE THIS. A UNIQUE, UNCOMPROMISING WOMAN WOULD WEAR THIS. IT IS UNLIKE ANYTHING ELSE". I'm not kidding, this is how it became a success. They still talk like that at the department stores, too, when they find out you're an Angel fan, in the thick, lascivious tone of a depraved Madame speaking to a whorehouse patron with particularly exotic, violent, and possibly illegal sexual tastes. They'll spray you with the latest seasonal version ("Angel Soleil au Fraiche Summer Fraicheur Energizing Oil Cream" or some such nonsense, available for a limited time only) and hold your arm with their lacquered dragon talons, hissing that there are LOTS of people out there who like Angel and you needn't feel guilty or immoral for it. AND IT WAS A HUGE HIT!

One of my best friends who happens to be a mortician told me an amazing and frightening story. While preparing a corpse for its funeral, she was handed a bottle of Angel and instructed to spray it all in and around the coffin because it was the deceased's favorite scent. Angel, which already smells of death, follows its wearers TO THE GRAVE. 

Update 1/15:

In the six or seven years I've been heavily into fragrance I've worn just about everything. None of these love affairs have lasted the duration except for Angel, which I still have to keep a bottle or three of around as a reminder of my true fragrance identity. IMO there has never been such perfect top-down design for a fragrance in history-- there is the scent itself, which everyone knows, and then there is the perfect avant-garde marketing emphasizing the danger of wearing such a polarizing scent ("Beware of Angels"). There is the ironic name, which acts to throw off the consumer's perception of the filthy scent in the way that the homoerotic Le Male bottle draws both camp homosexuals and the cartoonishly masculine. A large part of Angel's appeal to me is that it manages to alienate both fragrance snob bloggers and the average consumer that wishes to smell clean; the former with its ditzy image and popularity and the latter with its intense evocation of filth and sexual raunch. It's a difficult muse and varies wildly from day to day and in different weather but that's part of the fun; sometimes you feel like sticky syrup at the bottom of a trashcan and sometimes you feel like a pristine Arctic wonderland. I wear it year-round because when you love it, nothing else will do. Mugler has done well in the last two decades of Stalinist industry regulations in preserving Angel; of course it's not as extreme as it once was but it still smells terrific, like itself, and has that medicinal shock that keeps the cult addicted.
positive A few months ago I gave this a thumbs down and wrote the following:

At first I just loved Angel but it is a scent one tires of quickly.  I also smell it everywhere I go so it has become a little ordinary.  I haven't worn it in awhile so I think I might just get mine out and give it another go.

Today I give it a thumbs up.  I did get mine out and wore it.  I fell totally in love again.  It just smells warm and comforting but at the same time very sophisticated.  I would love to talk about top notes and bottom notes and silage (which is very good) but this perfume is all emotion to me and a good one at that.  I will definitely be wearing it more often.
positive Cotton candy and caramel combined with armpitty patchouli and musk, in a bizarre tango that shouldn't work but somehow does. Masuline and feminine in equal doses; works just as well, and smells just as raunchy, on both sexes. The definition of a "love it or hate it" scent: if you love it, you REALLY love it, and if you hate it, words cannot express how much. Inarguably a must-sniff for patchouli fans, gourmand groupies, and anyone who's ever wondered what a cotton candy body spray would smell like on a porn star after the director yells "Cut!".
positive One of my perfumes of my mid 20's. Loved the candied bergamot so much, bought it here and in Paris (a little cheaper at the time). But another trip to France, I was schooled on Molinard, which I'd seen at home, but ignored. But there was Nirmala in a lovely old fashioned, blue bottle. Very much like Angel, but the ingredience smell of a garden in Grasse. It's interesting to find variations on a similar scent theme.
positive What a daring fragrance! It is not a secret that Angel is not a traditional feminine scent.  However polarizing it is, I find its gourmand strength to be particularly suited to a crisp fall evening. The vanilla notes do not burn off as easily, and I always feel particularly warm wearing this scent as I wander the rainy, foggy nights. Angel is rich, complex, and unabashedly decadent - like a earthy red wine. I find it is easier to pull off Angel after having washed my hair in a light vanilla-scented shampoo. It enhances the patchouli, vanilla, and jasmine notes.
positive love it.  Always end up going back to it. People will know you're in the building when you wear it. Not for the faint hearted
positive Love it-works with my chemistry! There is nothing like it period. That said it's not safe for enclosed spaces or office wear- it can overwhelm its environment! Incredibly original statement fragrance ( nobody wears it in this neck of the woods ).
positive Minus burnt rubber, it smells very close/virtually identical to A*Men; just weaker. This is what I first thought of Angel when I smelt it.Angel is a demonic patchouli and chocolate scent that befouls its neighbors but blesses the wearer. It accosts your friends while being your only friend. It greets your with warm cookies and leaves everyone else in the patchouli brush, pricking every single one of their limbs so as if to say, "HELL YEAH!" in a overly dramatic tone.This scent is so polarizing... it makes me love it for some reason. Please, for the love of any deity, wear only a spray of this. It can really ruin someone's day.
positive I went through a bottle of this beauty quickly. It's perfect for any time use. It has a pepper, caramel, citrus quality that won't offend the office in daytime, then shape shifts to a musky, patchouli dark chocolate suitable for nighttime wear. The scent blends to you and becomes your signature. It was noticed by noses wherever I went. In dance class, women stood close to me and marveled at how good the room smelled. The only problem was, my husband didn't like it and found it overpowering. I agree with a review above in that the name Angel, which connotes something light and atmospheric and dreamy and pure, isn't right for what this is. It's sweet, yes, but there's also a darkness to it.  
positive Angel - on the overwhelming side, but let's face it... it's delicious.  Angel got me interested in A*Men and the offshoots like Pure Coffee, and I'm grateful for that.  So that led me to checking out the Angel variants, specifically this years 2010 Sunessence Bleu Lagon.  It's an effervescent masterpiece of an interpretative angel infused with a sparkling fruity/citrus top end, and far better constructed mid/base without the cloying honey drenching of the original.  So, thank you Angel for leading the way to this years version - it's a big time keeper.  
positive You simply can't go wrong with Angel. Being one of the most popular and well-known fragrances in the last 20 years, Angel still manages to stand out in a crowd.This is a delicious and very unique scent, the first of its kind. It's sexy, dark, mysterious, sweet and memorable. Surprisingly quite controversial, it seems that you will either love or hate this fragrance. I personally adore it and love wearing it especially during Winter or on a night out on the town.When I first apply Angel to my skin, I get a very distinctive mandarin note. This mandarin is fresh, juicy and raw, smells exactly like the actual fruit. Minutes later Angel begins to smell like gingerbread men and vanilla, I can even sense a chocolatey note, but perhaps more like a mug of hot chocolate rather than a block of solid chocolate.I find it difficult to control my sweet tooth when I wear this fragrance. I feel compelled to walk straight into the nearest bakery and buy every sweet pastry I can afford.Don't be fooled by the name, Angel is in no way innocent and heavenly. Demon would be a better suited name for this scent.I suggest that everyone try this at least once in their life because like Chanel No.5, it is quickly becoming a well-known classic.
positive Never thought I would like this scent - or rather, never thought it was for me. It sounded just too gourmand, heavy and foody for my liking, not to mention it's thought of as a 'loud' fragrance (referencing Luca Turin), and one of the first fragrances I ever owned was another 'loud' fragrance that I was never able to pull off, Gucci Rush. A salesperson offered me a sample, and I do like it. I find it rich, but not heavy (unlike Organza Indecence), and I feel more comfortable wearing it than I thought I would. When I first spray it on I can't stop smelling my wrist. For me the best part is the early stages though, with all its rich delicious gourmand notes. Then Angel dries down to a dry masculine patchouli base on me, and it was this stage that elicited a comment from my mother that I smelled vaguely of an old man.
positive This is the finest fragrance ever made. I have been waiting to review it for a year now, thinking I'd somehow find words to describe the finest fragrance ever made, but I can't. So this is my review. It's the finest fragrance ever made. And it isn't sweet. Not to me. It's dry and crazy. And really unique. And it changes all day, and it lasts. And everyone loves it on me. It's the best fragrance ever made. It was given to me as a gift - how do you like that? Who figured a person could randomly give a surprize gift of perfume, something so subjective. Yet here's my review. I am a perfume junkie, it's what I hoard, it's what I love - and this - It's the best. 
positive This is a fierce cold weather perfume. Strong patchouli, chocolate and vanilla that wears like an edible massage oil. It's great on my woman, and when I come home late from work and smell this, I get really, how should I say, hungry. There is nothing coy or shy about this scent. While this may have been worn by everyone when this came out, I just don't smell it around anymore.
positive While initially strangely herbaceous and reminiscent of weedy smells, Angel brings the words fruity, rich, sweet, and powerful to a new level. The period after the strange herbaceousness smells like a rich fruit compote with chocolate cake in the oven next to you. After that, it descends into a carmely, chocolaty, rich scent. Patchouli makes a feature in the end, letting you know that's what has been making this so interesting all along. Lasts on my skin over 24 hours. Crazy.
positive Jeez I love this scent!

When I run into a woman wearing this, I am at an immediate loss for words and rationale thought. This is kyroponite to what little machismo I may have.

Seems to be a very polarizing scent. A lot of negatives in here proportionate to the positives. I nevertheless find it intoxicating. I always get a bit of the cotton candy scent and some patchouli, but never the chocolate.

When I smell Angel in a crowd my heart beat quickens and my head spins until I find the source. 
positive As we all know fragrance smells different on each person so the idea of a signature scent is really rather funny since we already have our own scent and perfume just adds to it. Poor "Angel" she has unfairly been label a whore when a saint is really what she is. It's peoples misuse of her that has tarnished her good name. Angel was new and different and ready to be loved and loved she was. Then the imitators begain to appear talk about "whores" and very cheap ones at that. When I wear Angel I feel very happy and those around me feel happy. So I will continue to wear her and defend her honor. May Angel live forever!
positive I tend to favor sweets over florals and Angel dances along one hell of a scent spectrum to satisfy everything I want in a fragrance.  Angel starts out dark, intense, and sexy, then shifts to a lush sweetened fruit, and then finally settles into a dessert-like treat---I can't say enough to explain how wonderfully complex Angel is.  I wore it many years ago and for whatever reason stopped...  I've taken up with Angel again recently after this hiatus and love wearing it, especially because the staying power is strong and I only need a small amount to last almost the entire day.

negative My gran wears this, bless her . She's diabetic and loves mirangues. It smells like diabetes would if it had a smell. 
negative Angel” is the scent of powdered sugar, the inside of an aluminum orange soda can, patchouli, and raving rabid homicidal bee froth. It is the fragrance the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse would wear if the Four Horsemen were War, Pestilence, Death, and Tooth Decay. It is the scent of a terrible emergency, and no one should ever smell it. I need to borrow several thumbs down to fully rate this.
negative no need to buy it. To recreate Angel go to a bar and tip a pina colada down your front. Cheaper and more fun.

neutral Recently, a flight attendant walk passing through me. Long before we're crossing each other, she was reeking this stuff and I can sense it clearly..

Im not sure if she wear the man version or the woman version.. But one thing for sure, it definetely overapllied and bombed the entire plane as she walk around it..

Giving around 3 second of : aahh i wanna bite you, honey

than several minutes hangover of : ughh i can't stand it anymore, please go away, i'm begging you

Well I think it's quite good if not overapllied. Otherwise, you're becoming an active nuclear radiation everywhere you go, reeking this stuff.
neutral I am late to the Angel party, and I think that I should have stayed home. My first reaction was "Lolita Lempicka minus anise". Actually, this is a strawberry sundae sprinkled with patchouli and topped with whipped cream. And this is the friendliest patchouli that I have ever known! I don't really like it, but I don't dislike it either. It is what I thought Miss Dior Cherie would smell like but didn't. For whipped cream, I prefer Un Bois Vanille. For a slightly gourman patchouli, I prefer Coromandel. I do like the strawberries, but I doubt that I will be in a strawberry mood very often. Having said all of this, you must give Angel a try just for the novelty of it all!
neutral The star-shaped bottle is very gorgeous, I admit. But the name does not suit this obnoxious fragrance at all. It should be called Demon of Glutton, for the only thing I can smell in the first 2 hours of spraying this is heavy vanilla biscuit soaked in alcohol. True, it's pretty yummy sniffing my wrist, but it's also completely overwhelming. This is one of those fragrances that, if it doesn't interact with the right body chemistry, will wear the wearer, instead of the other way around. 
neutral Before I tried Angel, I was afraid of it.  I first tried Angel, and I hated it; it was burnt rubber and everything else that people on here had warned of.  Very soon after, I was absolutely in love with it and felt incredibly alluring.  I applied the whole sample soon thereafter.I never bought a bottle, but my Angel Saga did not end there.  Last summer, I took a vacation with my boyfriend to Malta.  Everywhere we went, my boyfriend commented, "what is that horrible stink that I smell everywhere?"  It was none other than Angel.  I smiled at first, but after awhile it got on my nerves and made my stomach turn once again.  I wonder, is it destined to cause such a manic-depressive response in me and so many others?  It is not sort of cliche.  Maybe if people forget about it for awhile, I can rush to buy a bottle, but for now I am in hate.  I still have to rate neutral only for that brief lusty feeling I had toward it.
neutral I first tried Angel during its UK premier at Harvey Nichols in London. As well as the usual testers, and free samples of fragrance, you could help yourself to Angel flavoured chocolates, which were delicious. I thought Angel's sugary, chocolatey notes were wonderful. I immediately purchased the 15ml Glamour Spray (which looked like a smaller version of the Angel stars, with a silver band round it's outline, and a silver cap, held onto the bottle with a silver chain). I think this has now been discontinued. The Glamour Spray cost £89, and was refillable.I soon discovered that though I loved Angel that has been sprayed on a card, or on someone else, on me it a pineapple note develops, which overpowers everything. I gave my bottle to my mother; on her it proved an even worse disaster, developing a cat urine smell, which would not go away. Angel has come along way from its premier, and is now one of the most commonly smelled fragrances, and is sold everywhere from department stores to discount hypermarkets; it is by no means exclusive.All said, though I cannot wear Angel myself, I will sometimes smell it on someone, and it has turned into the beautiful crisp sugary chocolate concoction I remember smelling at its premier. 
neutral I loved it for the past few years...lately I find it cloying whenever I put it on..and am looking for a replacement. I still like my L by Lolita Lempicka and used to wear Coco, Opium Obsession - I like the oriental end of the spectrum....I wish Fendi hadn't discontinued Theorema!
neutral I think Angel was the Opium of my generation. I remember reading about it before it came out, and there were quite a few of us desperate to get it... it was a topic of conversation... there was a buzz.  And getting it meant a special trip into NYC from suburban CT, as it was only going to be available at Saks. It really didn't matter what it smelled like, because by the time I got to that counter, I had been dreaming about those notes (chocolate... in a perfume!?), and that gorgeous blue bottle, for so long, there was no way I was going to be deterred at that point. And I actually loved it. I thought it was AMAZING!  And everyone else did too. Initially. And then sadly, after a year or so, the whole world seemed to be wearing it too. And too much Angel, as we all know, is not a good thing. I hope a younger generation will rediscover it at some point in the future, and it will take its place amongst the greats of all time. But in the distant future.
positive What can I say? It's nice but not that special? I'm trying to understand the millennial obsession with this fragrance but can't relate to the hype. My conclusion is that Alien stands out  because it's far far away from the fruity floral fair that dominated the early 2000s. It's stronger, darker, spicier, more oriental. If you were raised on fun, flirty, fruity florals it would definitely 
get your attention.  However if you are familiar with 80s and pre 80s perfumery, it's just not that special. To my nose it is a more subtle version of Givenchy Amarige.
positive Bold, nearly boozy jasmine.  Creamy, like a liqueur.  Overly sweetened woody scent a few moments later, that reminds me of a hyper-sweet incense or a glade room spray.  It's soft then.  It sometimes annoys me; at times delights me.  It depends on my mood, what it does to me.  Alien is one of "those".  I don't wear it often as it can be cloying.  My little one ounce bottle will last me the rest of my life.

The base is just as sweet with its amber tone.  The sweetness of Alien never lets up.  It is also good for its longevity.  I give this a 3.5 to 4 star rating, depending on my mood.

Amber darkens & dominates later.
positive I lied, I'm sorry. I love this perfume! I don't know what I was thinking. I think it just needed to settle, but it smells amazing! It is "grape-y" at first, but it settles and you appreciate the scent all day!
Previous review 11/6/18: I blindly bought this based on the raving reviews. I wanted something with good sillage and longevity, something I could spray on in the morning and last all day so I wouldn't need to carry a decant. 
So, I haven't received it in the mail yet, but I did go and sample this at the local department store (and 2 others I blindly bought based solely on reviews-gucci bloom and versace bright crystal). 
I know exactly how to describe this "alien" perfume for those who've never smelled...have a dose of children's grape dimetapp cold and cough syrup, it tastes the way "alien" smells. The scent of this fragrance is very (exactly) synthetic grape that lasts at least 4 hours, dominating any other notes that is claims to have in it. This scent is the twin of children's grape dimetapp's taste. "What's that scent you're wearing" they say, "grape dimetapp". 
positive Take a rich jasmine note, shear off its rough (indolic, green) edges, hook it up to an outdoor amplifier, and overlay it with a gauzy, vanillic amber accord that has roughly the half-life of plutonium. That's Alien. For what it is, it's great, and even slightly narcotic under the right conditions. This is a perfume for a woman with a capital "W" - or a confident man in an insouciant mood. (Alien dries down gorgeously on skins of either sex.) If you're a fan of the Mugler style - ie. "Go Big or Go Home" - and if every jasmine perfume you've come across so far has seemed just a tad restrained for your liking, Alien is nothing short of a must-sniff. Run, don't walk. For others....well. Spray at your peril. This alien doesn't come in peace.
positive A sweet powdery floral scent. The structure is simple yet "alien". Jasmin and amber as dominant elements are relatively common in perfumes, yet their combination in Alien smells so unusual! A typical success of "less is more"! It's sensual and feminine. No need for any excessive complexity to pretend to be mysterious but it has its own depth. I actually find it unique but not that difficult to appreciate. The projection is very good and the longevity can reach 12h. It worths at least a try during one's fragrance discovery journey.

Originally written in 2013.
positive The EDT is “of course” lighter but it also has a more acide citrus note than the EDP. It smells a bit like a Cologne. I don’t get any of the notes listed here. 

But the EDP is sweeter and deeper. Way more interesting. Projection and longevity are awesome. 
positive Very strong scent.  Use sparingly. Although not in the notes,  I find it smells a lot like grapes,  and a few of my friends agreed also. Once it sets in it calms down a bit.  
positive I own the Eau de Parfum. to me Alien is (think real flowers) a tad of Tiger Lily and then all Jasmine, & fresh air. I have a huge amount of jasmine which grows on the back fence, far from the house, but when it blooms and I open the sliding glass doors, I can smell it alllll the way to my house. that jasmine bush smells heady & magic, it makes you close your eyes and breathe it in. i wear Alien to work almost exclusively and it's because i alwaysssss get told "you smell good" "what are you wearing?" strangers in elevators, everywhere. in fact, that is how I came to buy it. i walked in a club house at a friends condo. there was only one woman there. I asked her, hey, what's that smell in this room, it's incredible. bcuz so many people mention it, I asked my boss if I had too much on, she said no, you smell clean.
by the way, you need ONE or TWO dabs or sprays, it is STRONG, with great sillage and longevity. Well worth the price
positive This is a lovely perfume that I almost skipped because it's so commonly worn.

Alien starts with some sharp white florals (mostly jasmine), a lot of sweetness and a hint of woods and metal. After about an hour it settles in nicely to a somewhat sweet creamy (almost nougat like) jasmine that has a touch of powder to it (possibly some sandalwood). 

I like it much more than I had originally thought I would. Because it is so widely available and because Thierry Mugler is such a popular house, this has the stigma of being seen as "ordinary" or "generic", when it isn't. Yes, it has the ever popular elements of white floral and sweetness, but it's done in a way that is different enough (and lasts decently enough) to be more enjoyable than mass market sugar or fruity/floral bombs. Sillage is soft to moderate (about 2-3 feet) and lasting power is about 5-6 hours. Really lovely and versatile fragrance. I think my favorite time to wear it would be Fall/Winter day or night.
positive This is a perfume I fell in love with, beautiful, different, true to its name.  I went to buy it, but when I got to the counter to smell the tester to make sure the love and attraction was still there,  it turned me off.  The scent was overly strong in the commercial way.  Perhaps that was an old batch or one that had been in the heat. If there was a lighter version of it, I would reconsider. 
positive Alien is the fragrance I love despite myself. I sort of dislike everything the perfume stands for, it's name, the gaudy packaging, not to mention it's notoriety. Alien is too well known for it's own good in a way, it's celebrity making it feel that bit too obvious, and therefore overplayed and unrefined. Thierry Mugler seems to be the worst kept secret in perfumery. And yet, the scent itself is so appealing and irresistible to me, that I overcome my snobbery and all these things, the name, the packaging, they pale into insignificance because at the end of the day: I love that smell. It's as simple as that. However loud and conspicuous there is something in the combination of notes in this fragrance that always pulls me in. It is sort of a throw back to the 80s in it's big brassy unabashedly sexy floral nature. It's kind of brash and overt in it's sexiness so I have to be in a very specific mood to wear it - usually a winter's evening, it should be worn with heels. It should feel dated by now I tell myself but Alien remains a heady and intoxicating magic potion I can't help but adore, an ex-lover who is no good but I keep coming back to anyway.
10/10
positive So Alien smells a little trashy.  I think the house of Thierry Mugler wears trashy on its sleeve like a badge of honor, so there's kind of no point in pretending otherwise.  The "space jasmine," as another Basenote reviewer perfectly describes this scent, is a spicy cinnamon-inflected nuclear jasmine overlaid with a streak of menthol.  The tension generated between the warm cinnamon and the cool menthol is, to my nose, what makes the jasmine seem to vibrate in the air--for hours and hours.  (So much so that overspraying can send me straight into the fetal position with a migraine--beware).  

Lots of reviewers feel disappointed by the drydown, but this style of loud perfumery really doesn't leave a lot of room to manouver.  As it is, I find Alien creamy and alluring on skin.  After all that oscillation, Alien gently gradually slows down and comes to a rest.  What's wrong with that? 

I really enjoy this perfume; but then, I wore Poison in 1986 and Paris in 1990.  Big florals like these can be marvelously beautiful, and they're also a lot of fun.  I reserve Alien for evenings with noise and drinks.  Even then, a judicious trigger finger is the secret to these beasts.
positive What I love most about Alien is how 80s-minded it is. The purple grape hairspray quality of it is reminiscent of both Giorgio and Poison, but it smells completely modern. The jasmine in it smells electric and opulent and the woody drydown adds a warm fuzz to the cold, mentholated florals. The way it bounces around the room is really amazing--my boyfriend was wearing it when I came home one day and watching The Hunger. It went perfectly with the movie--stylish, cold, pleasantly empty. I love it for being the only thing on the market this loud that I still commonly smell on people, even in largely fragrance-free Austin. If you wear it, wear a lot of it. It needs to be oversprayed for that wonderful narcotic effect. I like it on women, but it's possibly even better on men.
positive Salutation.

When a man stops you and ask what are you wearing?It smells Great.You know it is worth every penny you spend and in my opinion THIERREY MUGLER fragrances have this sensible characteristic just like ALIEN.It is Dark,slightly Decadent and so Alluring.in other words Magnetic,Woody,Irresistible,Strong, Exotic,Glamorous,Sensuous and Modern.

At first spray it can be a powerful and heavy burst but as it fades i found it to be quite Lovely.It finished with Amber.This is a winning combination for a perfume that screams Seduction of skin as it takes your senses in a Intoxicating Fancy to a For-Off land as it smells like a Dark Mysterious forest in a fairy tale or a Princess living in the forest.

Totally most prominent to me is a mix of Jasmine and Wood.The perfume lasts all day only with 2 or 3 sprays.Cool Autumn Evenings and Dreary winter moments come alive with ALIEN and this is due the base notes and definitely Amber.If you want to draw the attention of Men to you in a Party this is a Noticeable perfume but not for Everyone.

Sillage?Impressive.

Longevity?Lasts and Lasts.

Thank You THIERRY MUGLER 

8/10
positive While testing frags I stumbled across Alien after loading up several dozen cards and smelling them blindly while at a red light. I was very into the floral scent of it. I returned the next day with the card to purchase it and gave it a test...wow this scent is STRONG and incredibly long lasting! I actually almost don't like it before the dry down it's almost too much. However after the dry down tames it just enough to the point I can't get enough of it. I wish my wife liked it as much as I do. I ask her to were it on special occasions and out to a nice restaurant/bar.

I prefer this scent with dry cool weather. People ask or compliment more times than not when out for an evening.
positive Sweet and exotic.  I LOVE this fragrance.The best feature of this perfume is its wonderfully intoxicating vanilla and jasmine scents that last and last.  A little goes a long way.  Well worth the price.  Love that you can refill at department stores like macy's for less!
positive I bought Alien on a whim, in Duty-free, only because what I'd read was so positive.  At first spray, the impression was a cloying, dissonant, chemical disaster.  Once I left the duty-free area, however, heading back to the lounge to await my flight, the first impact of the fragrance hit me.  Abstract.  Powerful.  Something I wanted to "get to know better" or try in vain to "understand".  The first inkling of attraction - that quality that mystifies and draws you in.
It's been a week now, which I feel is enough time to weigh in on my experience with Alien.  And I admit it - I'm in love.  
To me, Alien embodies EVERYTHING that a true WOMAN should be - the sparkling jasmine opening is unabashedly feminine, confident and strong (a warning is befitting here - a small amount goes a long way - one spray is usually all you need!) the sheer and magical essence of solar accord and amber, the green-metallic je ne sais quois- make her seem mysterious, aloof, and cool - classic qualities of an attractive woman.  At the same time, the balmy/woodsy vanilla drydown with just the slightest hint of musk make her warm, inviting, almost approachable?  And the overall impression is downright BEAUTIFUL.    Perfect for a confident, original and classy woman who discriminates in life and love.  
positive A candied floral entity that projects a luminous holographic jasmine for the first 15-20 minutes before it runs out of power. The jasmine sambac is indeed glorious but the supporting ambery accord is toothache personified. Best to smell ALIEN from a distance where you catch whiffs of laundered, indole-free white florals.

The bottle is something else though - like an object from another universe, it's  sci-fi geek's wet dream. I see guys buying this purely for the bottle alone.
positive Wow! I love wearing this jasmine-amber bomb. Sprayed very sparingly it's truly awesome!
It opens with a blast of wonderful jasmine (a bit medicinal and overwhelming if you spray too much, so be careful), the drydown is amazing: warm, sweet yet fresh (amber and jasmine), woody, cozy and a bit powdery.
Plus, it's one of the longest lasting scents I know.
Sultry, original and bold. Men notice this scent every single time I'm wearing it.
It's extremely popular, nevertheless perfect for being a signature.
Femininity and sophistication. One of my top favorites.
positive Glorious space-Jasmine. I swear it smells like it’s glowing.
Aside from the fact that I've had more compliments (from both sexes) with this scent than any other in my sizeable collection, I like the straightforward scent structure and how it shows off the richly faceted sambac jasmine to perfection.

If your skin seems to amplify the amber and the fruity aspect of the sambac jasmine a bit too much (i.e. you smell candy and nothing but candy) you should check out the Eau de Toilette version, which isn't just a diluted version of the EDP. It's a different formulation with a slightly more complex structure while still being recognizably Alien. 

negative Vile, Vile, Vile, disgusting acrid, bitter, nasty, abominable thing!

Rivals Secretions Magnifiques as being the worst thing ever devised, created and fobbed off on a public who obviously has lost all of its taste.

I opened this on my porch. Immediately three passing dogs turned over, barked their last and expired on my sidewalk. Their owners keeled over and hit their heads on the pavement. Once the ambulance arrived, the medics immediately put on their gas masks. I was warned to "Put it down, sir, and walk away from it."  

I did so and they picked up the sample vial with plastic gloves and dropped it into a container for the lab to follow up on.

If you like this, cut your nose off.  Your face will be the better for it.
negative Jasmine? Where are you? Very faint floral top note quickly cashmere and woods came in and turns sour type of woods. 

Not your typical floral or wood scent, I like sweet, floral, fruity, aquatic, cream, vanilla type of scent and Alien is not those. If you're a non fruity floral vanilla fan try this one. 

Color I think of: dark green, black, dark purple. 
Words I think of: mature, elegant, serious business. 
Suitable age (objective): 45+
negative Honestly, I wanted to love this fragrance because the bottle reminded me of the Halo video game. But I found it over-hyped for what was promised. The wood/leather notes felt really harsh and synthetic against powder. Not interesting, just weird and migraine-inducing. I had to wash it off after an hour. I much prefer the Alien Eau Extraordinaire which is less synthetic leather smelling. 
negative On paper it was a lovely jasmine opening with the rest being jasmine behind a candy haze. On my skin it's mostly just the candy haze.

neutral Interior in Strandgade, Sunlight on the Floor by Vilhelm Hammershoi 1901
neutral *yawn* 

I've been trying to like Alien for some time now. I feel like Mugler outs so much effort into it, there must be something I'm missing. Alas, it seems to have been watered down over the years and is more banal than ever before. There's some jasmine, some woodiness, and...that's it. 

I know it's no longer available, but but Miroir des Envies take the same concept of jasmine, toasted notes, woods, and "solar notes", but does it on an immensely more interesting scale. Since that's no longer made, the next best thing is Alien Essence Absolute, which leans more toward the warmer, vanilla tones. 

Not terrible, but compared to Angel (of yore at least), and the most recent addition, Aura (who did "safe" right), Alien is a let-down. 

If you want to emit the idea that you're wearing a fragrance, without any notion of which one, Alien is a safe buy. But you can do so much better. 
neutral Alien is the perfect name for this fragrance. With only three notes Jasmine, woods & amber you would think it is a simple fragrance which it is yet not really.

Alien is all about Jasmine, she dominates the entire show from the moment you spray her until the end. The woods and amber do show up but they don't have a prayer in hell with the Jasmine leading the forefront. Now there is a problem here, it is with Jasmine. I so happen to like Jasmine but Mugler seemed like he wanted to amp it to 100x's & on top of that it can come off as a synthetic mess! 

Yes Alien is a bit to synthetic for my taste as I use to wear it sometimes, tho there was always this almost stomach turning feeling I'd get from this & I knew it was from the Jasmine. On the bright side, it will get you noticed across a stadium & it will last on you from sun up till sun down. Normally only Aliens have that type of power. :) Nice, but a no for me as my nose cannot bare it anymore. 
neutral  It's just a cheaper regurgitation and intentionally weird repackaging of Hypnotic Poison, devoid of any of its richness, class, and easy suavity- like Nicki Minaj and Lady Gaga trying to recreate classic Madonna with added shock appeal. It would be pleasant if the sweetness didn't make the construction so opaque.

If you want to like Alien and Hypnotic Poison but feel they're not quite for you try tracking down a sample of Deep Night by Ghost. 
neutral Something I've found with most Mugler perfumes is that when I first try them, they are something completely new and different. However, once I have worn them  a few times, and I'm used to them, they lose their novelty, and I find them too sweet, too gourmand and too strong. This is exactly what happened with Alien: I loved it at first, but now, I'm afraid I find it a rather loud and brash scent, which shouts overly sweet vanilla and jasmine. Less than halfway through my one and only bottle of Alien, I really had had enough of it. Definitely not a perfume I would ever want again.
neutral Genre: Floral Oriental


Notes: Sambac jasmine, Cashmeran, “solar note,” white amber.

The idea here is kind of fun: take a familiar, even ubiquitous, fragrance ingredient - like jasmine - and amp it up so high it starts to smell strange, jarring, or even…alien. Alien’s jasmine is so intense, so overflowing with indolic decadence, that it no longer smells remotely like a flower. While I find it interesting, I’m not at all sure it’s wearable, or even particularly pleasant. In its sheer overindulgence, its monstrous scale, and its hair-raising volume, Alien can feel more like a stunt than a perfume. For all of its weight, it also smells a little bit bare, like a large house with insufficient architectural detail for its bulk. 

Alien’s predecessor, Angel, was a stunt of sorts, but it generated a fascinating internal tension by juxtaposing accords which by all rights ought to have been incompatible. Alien, in contrast, is monolithic, its entire structure devoted to supporting the elephantine jasmine. In this regard it is a degree less clever, and at Alien’s outlandish proportions, any deficit in wit can render a fragrance fatally vulgar. That said, Alien comes within a hair’s breadth of being truly great. 

The balance hangs upon the drydown. Even without Angel’s clever internal contradictions, Aliens’s jasmine from another planet might have amounted to brilliance were the drydown suitably dramatic or transcendent. With a surprise ending – say a plush, animalic leather, or even the indulgent luxury of creamy sandalwood and musk that Dominique Ropion supplied for his same year’s Carnal Flower, I’d count Alien a work of genius. As it is, Alien’s unadventurous artificial wood (Cashmeran) and laundry detergent musk base notes are a letdown, and any sense of anticipation deflates upon their arrival. The base notes, while commonplace, play at the same extraordinary volume as everything that’s come before, with the unfortunate result that the drydown displays all the charm of the Oscar Meyer ditty played by the Berlin Philharmonic brass section. Too bad – it came so close…

positive I keep trying to leave reviews of this but no luck. Anyway, first of all the bottle is beautiful, despite the penguin comments, its like holding a precious jewel in your hand. Initial impact after a spray, is WOW beautiful jasmine and pure black pepper, to my nose. After awhile it is still strongly jasmine and the wood and amber, and later still even more beautiful jasmine and oudh. The fragrance is like a mysterious alchemy, like night and day combining and creating an alternative reality... It is an exquisite meeting of opposites, the sweetness contrasting with masculine black pepper, heady jasmine combined with grounding oudh wood. Don't stop making this, Mr Mugler, please, and don't change the formula!! Ever since I received this as a gift, I have worn no other scent (and I have a lot : ])
positive Alien opens with a blast of white floral jasmine with an almost oud-like undertone that melds with the florals extremely well.  The jasmine and oud-like woody notes at the heart are sweetened by amber in the base... and that is pretty much it.  The scent is extremely minimalist and linear and what you get up top remains throughout.  Projection is very good and longevity is above average.

Alien is a pretty simplistic composition, but it just plain "works".   The jasmine white florals definitely are the star of the scent with the woody oud-like accord and the sweet amber used strictly for support.  Ropion being one of the parfumiers on the scent does not surprise me, as the florals have his name written all over them, while underneath the florals that sweet base that Mugler frequently features shows Alien's pedigree.  On the whole Alien smells quite good and I definitely recommend it, but this one will most likely smell best on the ladies (not to say men *couldn't* wear it).  Alien earns a well-deserved very good to excellent 3.5 to 4 stars out of 5. 
positive Okay, the thing with Thierry Mugler is that you cannot smell once, and make a judgement. It will almost always be NO! This has happened with EVERYTHING I have tried by him. Suddenly after a while I realize that the fragrance morphs into something else, then hours later, something else...they are warm and always unique. Unending compliments, especially for Alien. My favorite of all, my tip is to spray it on your bra and let it sit overnight if you find it too strong. In the morning if you are not so surprised than this one is not for you. Blessings & Good Smellings!
positive I...Love....Thierry Mugler.  Everything this house has put out has been quality.  Longevity, projection, originality.  you name it, this house has it.  I can not get enough of this scent.  It smells like grape soda, fizz and all.  It is one of my favorite clubbing scents.  And here is the kicker, I'm a guy.  This is as unisex as a fragrance can get, in fact many of TM's fragrances are.  My girlfrend loves it on me just as much as her and it gets huge compliments.  Guys, dont be afraid to carefully select a womens perfume for yourself.  There is nothing wrong with it.  They are stronger and it opens the doors to everything.  Now there are very few that i would venture to try, they cant be too feminine or floral, but this one is right up my alley for cold weather, nightime wear.  So i sprayed givenchy play intense, le male, 1 million, and Alien on papers and had few guys test them out and i asked them which one is the womens perfume.  All 4 guys got them wrong.  Hmm......? give it a try....everyone.  
positive So finally I found my Alien! I have always liked it, but I found it a bit too sticky! But now I am the happy owner of the EdT, and that one sings beautiful on my skin!

As Thierry Mugler is environmentally conscious, I am proud to wear all of TM perfumes who works well on my skin!

Thumbs up for Alien EdT from me!
positive It was not love at first spray for me. I got Alien as a Christmas gift and made the mistake of spraying it on in front of the giver and almost choking!  It smelled medicinal and overly sweet to me - some sort of Campho-Phenique spilled into Splenda concoction. I slipped away and washed it off as soon as I could.

A few days later as I was doing laundry, the sweater I was wearing on Christmas wafted the most amazing fragrance.  Surely this amazing scent didn't come from that foul medicine I had sprayed?!  

Alien revisted:  Same opening stench as before.  But after the dry down, amazing floral and woody notes begin to emerge.  After a while on my skin, Alien is intoxicating and heady stuff.  Don't flee from this if at first you find it off-putting.  Let it mellow on your skin and see what happens.  For me it's pure other-worldly magic!
positive This is strictly an impressionistic note.  I haven't tried this on, but I smelled it during conversation with a very attractive woman.  It suited her so well, and it was a lovely scent.  It seemed warm, deep but not cloying or heavy, and worked well on a warm summer night.  Excellent sillage, particularly since this was an outdoor event.
positive An incredibly sexy fragrance, by far my favourite thing to smell on a woman. Highly recommended.
positive I've always admired Thierry Mugler's unique sense of style and approach when creating his fragrances and designing the packaging. While a fan of Angel, I wasn't quite sure of what to expect from his other fragrances. It took me a while to test Alien, his second most popular fragrance, for fear of being disappointed.

Well, I certainly was not disappointed. Something urged me to try this on my skin rather than the tester card, and I'm rather glad I did just that. 

The initial spray was not at all loud and obtrusive, which was a pleasant surprise because I expected the top notes to be somewhat similiar in strength to Angel. 

Alien is quite a deep floral scent, with the jasmine creating a sweet yet powdery-like smell. I like that this fragrance isn't complex and that it succeeds in appealing to a wide audience. 

This fragrance has excellent sillage and lasting power. I wore this on a 5 hour train ride and I could still smell Alien wafting around me when I arrived at my destination. 

The fragrance is quite versatile. I see Alien as being better suited to colder months and night time wear, however it could adapt well to any season or occasion. 

Overall, I consider Alien as being a mysterious, sexy and bold fragrance. This is definitely not a perfume for the shy.


positive Due to the marketing, name, and bottle design, I expected a very modern and unusual fragrance. Instead, this was a warm, woody, powder scent with a soft jasmine base. Very romantic & sensual. Between Angel & Alien, my husband prefers this one. I prefer Angel. Like Angel, it last for hours and a little goes a long way. I'm glad to have it, but I don't feel like TM's marketing really hit upon the nature of this scent properly.


positive I love jasmine, and this one is heavy jasmine. I am aware that not everyone likes jasmine, however. I can't make up my mind whether I like or dislike Alien...One minute I like its attitude and sultriness, the next I'm longing for a fresher scent. Perhaps I would like an EDT instead of EDP....and I might spray this on the inside of my calves instead of my neck...or try Alien lotion.

In the end, I almost can't get enough of it. Sweet!

Update: I've heard some people say this scent smells heavy like cigars or garbage (hahaha), but Alien requires some time and patience (and trust?) to sink into the skin-It becomes very sexy, and the scent is not floral or woody or spicy, or anything like I can describe-just very elegant, velvety, dark, warm and a bit cold at the same time. I am not a fan of Mugler, but this scent is high on my list of favorite designer fragrances(as opposed to niche, drugstore, artisan, etc....)!


Update much later:
I have to say this fragrance doesn't smell much like natural jasmine-I smell a unique amber note that I now refer to as the "Mugler amber"-it's a bit heavy, modern, and smells both hot and cold at the same time. I still think the opening isn't so much beautiful as strong and fascinating, while the dry down is pure femme fatale and just smells gorgeous on my skin. This is one of those perfumes that really smells "synthetic"-but great to me. I am not a fan of "synthetic" smells-but if you found this to be a scrubber, I think you should really let the top notes and aggression pass to smell the magic-not an easy perfume, but a beautiful one-that's how it deserves its name. That is also why I don't regularly wear it, though I will never swap my bottle.


positive Holyzoo described this as "supersonic jasmine"; indeed it is, & in my book that's a good thing! There's a strange, metallic "dental surgery" note in the opening which quickly wears off, a little pepper, & then it's glorious, singing jasmine all the way to the drydown of white amber & woods. There is an "otherwordly" feel to it, probably from the much debated "solar note", but l feel super sexy & feminine wearing this. The sillage & longevity are both awesome, & l can smell it on my clothes days later.
l must add that l can't stand Angel, & l would never have tried this had a basenoter not recommended it as a great jasmine-amber fragrance. l'm so glad l did, it was love at first sniff, & is a favourite in my wardrobe.
positive 13 years later Thierry Mugler proves she still has the magic. Alien is Mugler’s first major fragrance for women since Angel. The perfume bottle is somewhat odd but unique, It really is one of the most spectacular and original bottles I have ever seen.

What they do is put time and effort into a few select products, working hard on the design, and using the finest ingredients to produce something spectacular. Completely different from some of the most prestigious 'Parfums houses', who makes like two fragrances in 1 year, and you can practically smell the same scent in others fragrances out there, nothing new.

The initial notes are fairly woody, and I have to be honest, this strong woody smell, was the reason why I didn't like Alien. But I can't judge a Fragrance only by the first seconds, because Alien grows on your skin and change. This is like the kind of magic produced only by ''Big Scents''. In this metamorphosis, Alien reveals its hidden secret, showing us the beautiful notes of jazmin, and an oriental amber infusion that is deep and sexy.

One spray or squirt and I feel instantly powerful, glamorous and sexy. Is definitely a "night" perfume. The lasting power is Sublime!


Alien is truly a masterpiece!
positive Alien is a very apt name for this other-worldly brew. This is how I imagine an alien dominatrix or drag empress would smell. It is a jolting explosion of rich and luxuriant exotic notes in your face, furious and unrelenting. I like it, but a dab of this, I imagine, goes on for days and miles.
positive This is the first fragrance I've ever owned and I still love it. Deep and sensual, yet somewhat offbeat. I thinks its sensuality to warmth of its amber notes and musk, whilst lurking beneath its spicy floral explosiveness, there is another "synthetic" scent that keeps you guessing. Definitely a scent to intrigue. Not for the faint-hearted. 
positive A super genial piece of glamour-chic modern perfumery. Alien is weird, carnal/dissonant, floral/poudre, sweet/acid, in perfect Thierry Mugler's style. An hyper fancy synth sambac jasmine's rendition. Deeply influencing in my opinion the following Esoteric by Alyssa Ashley, this scent is an interplanetary barbarian, a sort of extraterrestrial, metallic, balsamic, synthetic frozen vanilla/floral serum's smell, a space shuttle in which I detect the hand of the sadly departed Laurent Bruyere, the king of chic fragrances, working in here side by side with Dominique Ropion in order to blend this sort of perfumed Swarovski. Many assume this is a modern daily time scent while in my opinion this scent is decidedly a night time fragrance even if not exactly dark and mysterious in substance. This one is essencially a chic and sophisticated evening creation. The first burst is earthy and citric-metallic, a sort of roaring synthetic punch that becomes soon flowery in a sophisticated way. The flower protagonist is the jasmine, properly sambac jasmine, a special quality which is assumed to be a pillar of the chic-aura's effect. As well as Foetidus mentioned, this kind of jasmine has an immediate earthy-rooty undertone which, combined with citrusy notes, determines a sort of " metallurgic-floral " opening. The heart introduces an accord provided by interaction between cashmeran, a woody musky element, and the admittedly synthetic Solar note, a sort of artificial element that I can't catch in its essence but that has assumedly a sort of airy, balsamic and vanillic hispid smell. The base notes are mastered by white amber, a softly woody-musky kind of amber, a sort of airy and sunny kind of woody-powdery aroma. Alien is a very chic and modern experiment which, on a pretty daring woman, could wave out as a dangerous burst of pure sex.
positive If you want a perfume with presence - the whole marching band  - you can always rely on Mugler. After the hyper liquorice sweetness of Angel- which I love - we get this, where jasmine flowers are amplified to a giant scale  Perhaps this is the alien element, something becoming bigger and more resonant when taken to an foreign environment - like innocous plants like privet hedging that when transplanted from Europe to Australia become giant pernicious weeds! After the overwhelming invading jasmine it dries down to a fabulous rich woody base - it's alien but it's gorgeous. I surrender.
positive An acquired taste but one it has been acquired, My GOD !!! It becomes ever so addictive and uplifting.This is one evening scent for jasmine lovers who enjoy mistery and adventure and wear it on that special time of the year when the opportunity arises...are we talking vampires???; well done to the 2 perfumers who created this masterpiece.

negative sickly sweet ultraviolet woman
negative I wanted to be blown away by this.  With a name like Alien and a bottle like Star Wars Clone Wars, it ought to be over-the-top-weird, right?  Otherworldly?  Artificial?   As it turns out, I had to settle for only the last of those three adjectives.

At first, I got excited by what promised to be a vinyl note, but it failed to develop.  After that, something screechy and metallic wound its way through the entire fragrance, but it never fully distinguished itself as a note, per se.  The "jasmine" certainly smelled artificial, but it fell far short of the impressively odd, green, powdery, plastic flowers of Kenzo Flower.  Now, those truly were alien.  They smelled like flowers straight out of a toy box. 

In the middle of this fragrance, I smelled the not-so-weird scent of... a root beer float and a pitcher of berry Kool-aid.  Certainly those don't smell strange to anyone raised as a kid in America.

Disappointed I was.  Take the bottle, I will.  And may the farce be with you.


negative Smelled lovely on the test strip, lovely when I first put it on, then the dry down. Sickeningly sweet artificially flavored caramel and scorched fabric. Total scrubber. I find the bottle garish and pretentious. 
negative Unfortunately I have to say that I agree with jtd. There is definitely a note in this perfume that distinctly reminds me of artificial sweetener, and I also find it really unpleasant. Plus, I just find this perfume much too heavy and sweet. I actually have pretty much the same opinion of Angel so I'm not sure why I got a sample of this one. I think I just liked the awesome bottle!
  I don't really recommend this one for most people or for general wear. 
negative Sorry.  I can only mix metaphors to account for Alien.  Its topnotes (approx 2 hours) are like shrieking microphone feedback.  The drydown (the remaining 2-3 days) is like snorting artificial sweetener. 
negative Don't do it. Don't ruin your life.

neutral Really a nice fragrance with the sambac and jasmine giving it a floral note. The wood sets in later and the amber together with the floral side makes it too sweet for my taste, but it is an interesting scent, although not spectacular. 
neutral To properly appreciate this composition by Dominique Ropion and Laurent Bruyere you don't have to simply like jasmine, you should instead love JASMINE (say it as loud as you can).
When a new fragrance from Thierry Muglier comes to light, it's always surrounded by big expectations, and lately this expectations have been sadly unsatisfied.
Alien provides us with all the ingredients we usually expect form Thierry Muglier (juxtapositions, uniqueness, sweetness, pushed to the limits ingredients, weird bottle and advertisement) but it does it in the wrong way. This time Mr Ropion has simply failed. It happens, even to the best perfumeurs.

Overall Alien is a nice scent but remember that the word "nice" can be pronounced in several ways. In this case you should say it without even opening your mouth.
neutral Like Angel this has unbeatable staying power and sillage but it's not as adventurous in its composition-it's straight up jasmine and quite linear on me. It would definitely be too strong for some but on my dry skin it doesn't evaporate right off like most perfumes... the boyfriend loves it but i'm indifferent.
neutral Ambivalence. Depending on weather, body chemistry, and amount sprayed, Alien can be either delightfully floral, warm, and woody or overpoweringly vanillic, sweet and synthetic. Today it was the latter, and when it manifests like this on me, I really don't like it. On gentler days, Alien has a synthetic, metallic quality which can appear as gasoline, lighter fluid, or acetone. This adds an intriguing edge. The opening is powerful, lasts for hours, and screams JASMINE! soaked in gasoline or acetone: a heavy floral cut with a dark industrial note. This makes Alien interesting but can also lead to headaches. A synthetic vanilla rises. This makes it a little...boring. Pretty, but boring. As the juice dries down, it becomes far tamer and less interesting: amber, wood, the Cashmeran accord. It's a nice floral-oriental, but it looses that weird quality that it has in the opening when all the notes are jumbling together like in a particle accelerator. Overall, it's a very feminine, floral fragrance but doesn't align with the bottle or concept at all. Alien? How? If Dominique Ropion had been able to extend that synthetic quality throughout the scent's life, then yes, perhaps it would really smell like something alien...a strange creature from a planet covered in white flowers who has acetone for blood. That would create an interesting juxtaposition. But that quality fades rather quickly and we're left with a jasmine/wood/vanilla juice that smells like something a matronly 5th Avenue Lady Who Lunches would wear rather than something that might waft off an alien being. Too bad too, because I really wanted to love this one. Long lasting, massive sillage (alien fumes!), headache inducing if over-applied, slightly opulent, very linear, feminine, ok for day but absolutely for night, and a bit boring. 
neutral At first application I got anise, pepper and grapes. Yuck. Softened with wear and got smokier. I prefer drydown much more than the opening but even so, this is just neutral to me. I don't find it overpowering if applied very lightly. 
neutral At first sniff this smells God-awful. Like some super heady synthetic sludge. Synthetic and overpowering, not nice at all. It has a sweet play-doh-y feeling and a slight woodiness--but the woodiness seems very synthetic and not very deep to me. I can say that it does smell very foreign, and very alien, and that's not just the ad copy influencing me. The question is, is it a good kind of foreignness, or is it just wrong? As those awful and scary topnotes dry down, the jasmine, the best aspect of this fragrance, comes to the front. The Jasmine and vanilla combine to create a sweet accord which to my nose lacks depth. I keep wanting the woods to come out more to play. The first two hours after the loss of that awful synthetic ugh are this lovely jasmine powder scent, which is very appealing. I begin to like it more the longer I wear it. It is like the smell of jasmine soap in the shower when it picks up the unwashed human body smell and becomes sort of tangy and vanilla-y. Alien at this point seems old-fashioned but still synthetic, and it retains hints of that same weirdness that are so disturbing at the beginning.Unfortunately, just as I was about to add this intriguing scent to my bottle wishlist--I need a nice jasmine-the jasmine pulled away, and I was left with a cheap smelling synthetic on my arm with way too much longevity. I mean, all of a sudden, it started smelling like the more egregiously synthetic abominations of Bath and Body works. Just bad.
positive i often wear this on dates, intense, deep and sensual, often get good comments when i wear this, like alot of thierry mugler frags
positive Supersonic metallic jasmine that resonates in floral harmony for hours and hours.  This is 1 out of 2 scents that I feel are incredible independent feminine frags.  Black Cashmere is the other.  Both are beautiful, stunning, and gorgeous.  They also have a feeling of "look but don't touch".  However, I must admit, this is one of my wife's favorites and I fell in love with her as Alien being her go-to perfume.  What does that mean then?  Alien is perfect for a performer type of personality.  And on the other side, if you want to wear something that selectively attracts only people who are genuinely confident in what it takes to get to know you, Alien might be your calling.  If you want a fragrance that beckons the world to snuggle up to you, I don't think Alien was born to do any such thing.  With all that said, Alien is not for the timid.  It is for the driven.  
positive A very warm and comforting scent.  I would describe it as an oriental.  Even though many people have commented that it lasts long, it doesn't have longevity on me.  I would put this in my top ten perfumes.  Not for the shrinking violets though!
positive This is my current favourite. I am no expert in terminology but to me it smells so otherworldly in a fantastic way. A huge plus for me (and which led me to buy it) is its longevity. Nothing lasts on me except some four or five fragrances from the myriads that I've tried. It not only lasts long but it smells better and better as time goes by. It may have absolutely nothing to do with it in scientific terms but it also reminds me of one of my boyfriend's perfumes, 'Sculpture' by Nikos, this may have made it so familiar and comforting to me. Nothing to stand in awe of but entirely to be enjoyed. It is also intoxicating and addictive...so alluring, warm and sexy...I just can't stop smelling my wrists when I put it on. Definitely a thumbs up...two thumbs up I say!!!
positive All Mugler scents that I've smelled so far are tangibly sexy attractive. Don't know the secret, but I always feel physically attracted. I rediscover the notes in a different light. In this case, it's like "So, this is how jasmine could smell?". Something almost edible in the fragrance in both physical and spiritual way. Mugler perfumes always speak about some other world, maybe the future world or maybe some more conscious world. Half-human, half-superhuman.
positive Top notes:  Sambac JasmineHeart note:  Cashmeran, Solar NoteBase note:  White AmberLots of new words to learn from in this fragrance.  As mentioned by other reviewers, Alien opens with a synthetic explosion of … synthetics: I’m sorry, I can’t identify any notes through the chemicals.  The chemicals don’t last long and are quickly replaced by a sambac Jasmine and cashmeran accord.   A “sambac jasmine” can be either an Arabian Jasmine or a Hawaiian Pikaki or any of a at least ten other varieties of jasmine: Madhan Mogran, Rose, Motiyu, Bela, Mallipoo, Lei pikaki, Tea, Gundi Mullige, Sampaguito, Mysore Mulli, or Mali Chat… I don’t know which particular jasmine is used in Alien, but, in general, the sambac jasmines have a greener element to their aroma. The Cashmeran, on the other hand is easier to describe:  it’s the woody, musky, spicy 1,2,3,5,6,7-hexahydro-1,2,3,3-pentamethyl-4h-inden-4-one…  The combination of the sambac jasmine and cashmeran  accord is unique:  It’s a woody, musky, spicy jasmine… quite attractive, too, IMHO.  The center accord also presents Solar Note, which I Googled but couldn’t find any definitions, so I will assume that it is something that smells like the sun.  Finally we have a drydown of white amber… now I’m familiar with white musk but I had to Google “White Amber” which turned out to be “a soft and subtle woody scent, and works primarily on the subconscious to elevate ones awareness and state of consciousness...” according to Google.  Apparently the scent is presented as having some sort of sub-conscious or mystical agenda, and the marketing includes some kind of wordplay on the word “alien.”  I don’t know about that but I do like the fragrance.  It’s attractive and it truly qualifies as an Oriental, I feel, and it does present the uniqueness for which it seems to be striving so hard.  It smells quite feminine on paper or cloth, but on my skin it can easily pass as a masculine fragrance – in a sort of alien / masculine way, I find it mysteriously enjoyable.
positive Has anyone noticed that "Alien" is very like "Louve"?  I love them both for their exotic postmodern edginess.  Alien came first and is much less expensive... hmmm - not a hard decision when it comes time to replace sample with bottle. They both have an icy metallic quality which lasts and which I find refreshing when I'm not in the mood for sultry flowers and spices. Alien doesn't mix well with garlic or Gucci Rush, all of which I smell of at time of writing. I must get some art deco jewellery on.  Perfect.
positive When I first tried Alien, I was terribly put off by the sweetness of the the jasmine top notes.  This was a sampling on paper.  Fast forward several months, bored to death of mostly everything put out there lately, I tried Alien again--on skin this time...I was feeling brave.Trying it on skin is a different feel now. The jasmine isn't so in-your-face now, but don't get me wrong, it's still rather potent.  As it progressed on my skin, it smelled more and more comforting as the jasmine fades.IMO it's a play on the Mugler's Angel theme, in modern historical terms.  That what was thought as spiritual beings from heaven, it is really about visitors from the outer realms of the universe.  These visitors may be quite the angels that were described in ancient times. (And I just might be OD-ing from the History Channel!)Alien, to me, is a solar scent.  Bright, expansive, happy, peaceful, ethereal.  It gets better and better as the scent progresses throughout the day.  It doesn't get heavier, but lighter, cleaner.  The wood and amber in this scent makes the floral sweetness soar as an airy delight of flight.Now that I own the scent, I couldn't help but think I've smelled something in the same vein.  The floral woodiness of Alien was much like another favorite of mine--Versace's The Dreamer.  The Dreamer does it with Lily, Tobacco, Tarragon and Amber.  Alien does it with Jasmine, a Cedar-like note, and Amber.Both seem to have equal potency and longevity.  Careful with applying Dreamer/Alien on warmer and balmy days.  The lily/jasmine expands into a very bold aura around you as I've discovered.
positive I prefer Alien over Angel any day!! I find Angel nauseating, so you might want to give Alien a try if Angel didn't work for you.  Angel is very harsh while Alien is a warm, semi-sweet, floriental that is sexy and seductive.  There is a mysterious quality to Alien that draws me in every time I wear it.  This is one of my favorites and I reach for it on special occasions.  When I first spray Alien, the notes are a bit strong and somewhat cloying, but within 2-4 minutes it quickly fades into a wonderful floriental that I can't get enough of.  Alien lasts about 3 hours on me and then it wears close to the skin for another 3-4 hours.  The main notes in Alien are jasmine with undertones of deep, warm woods and a little hint of amber.  If I apply too much of Alien, it gives off a synthetic note that slowly fades away with time.  Alien is beautiful when applied in small amounts.  It's also very feminine and sensual. When I think of Alien, I think of a sultry, beautiful woman standing by a wooden garden surrounded by jasmine flowers.  As the wind blows, the scent of jasmine and deep woods linger in the air while she waits for her lover.  The moonlight is glowing on her skin as he slowly approaches.  The lovely scent surrounds her and it entices him.  He is completely drawn to her....he gives her a passionate kiss, lifts her up and carries her away under the moonlight .......IMO, this scent is very romantic... just lovely!
positive Hmm okay so this is my first review..... well, it's been my signature scent for 2 years now after my Dad got me a bottle for my 20th birthday, it's an amazing scent. I love ones which are very different and striking, and I think this definitely is... it's got the most compliments out of all of my perfumes. Even 'strangers' which I've never had before sking what it is!! To me (without the in-depth stuff cuz I'm no good at that yet!) it smells velvety, dark, sexy, magic, striking, unique, purple.... it does smell like I'd imagine purple to smell like :) I guess it's more of a wintery scent because it's quite heavy (well, to me anyway) but even last summer I used to spray about 10 sprays on me lol and no-one ever complained! hehe. I'd definitely say it attracts attention, and my GF absolutely loves it on me, it also reminds me of when we got together :-)Anyway sorry for the obviously novice-like review here!
positive This is chic weirdness at its best. While I'm very particular about what I regularly wear, I will smell and even try anything just once, especially if it captures my imagination. Alien does just that. The opening is an almost metallic green sort of smell, but not overpowering. It's enough to peak curiosity. As it develops, it becomes a lovely yet kooky sort of floral, dominated by a jasmine that is by no means indollic or cloying but still very recognizable. I then notice it becoming an envelope of warm, soft ambers and woods, all the while maintaing a glow of that metallic green note. The scent hugs the skin but still has some considerable sillage. This is at once inviting and familiar and yet remarkable. A must try for jasmine fans as well as cashmere-type fragrance fans. I am reminded of Led Zepplin's "Kashmir" (Or is it "Cashmere?") When I smell this. A definate must-buy, weird bottle or not, but be warned: it may not be for everyone.
positive I must say, the opening notes are scary to say the least.  They jump at you ala Casper the Friendly Ghost's very scary uncles.  If you are not the curious types, it will put you off immediately.  I, however, really wanted to at least give Thierry the benefit of the doubt after my many disastrous encounters with the ever so repulsive Angel.  Back to Alien - after the top notes sprung on me, they quickly faded into the heart notes, which had a warm yet cold aroma to them - I could tell that come the base notes, I will be sold.....and I was.  I cannot think of any word to describe it except "mysterious".  I think this is what an asteroid would smell like right after it hits the middle of the amazon forest - the asteroid would then smell like Alien right after the Amazonian rains pours on top of it.  It smells grapey but not fruity, soft but not feminine.  If tanzanite or aquamarine had an aroma to them, they would smell like Alien.  It is not a safe fragrance and when you smell it, you either hate it but are drawn to it or you love it and are obsessed with it.  It is one of those fragrances that you have to wear and carry off - otherwise, they overtake your life.  If you have no sense of style and are trashy and classless and love men with no tact, then this fragrance is not for you.  I personally love it.
positive Alien is not Angel.  It is nothing like Angel whatsoever.Alien is a jasmine-heavy floriental.  Alien is potent and leans toward being sweet and synthetic.  It's mostly a sweet jasmine fragrance with a brief green-ish phase and an ambery-musky base.I would compare Alien to Dior Poison in style and potency.I happen to like Alien.  In small doses it's beautiful.
positive This is one of my favourites in my wardrobe. It's dark and mysterious and sexy, but warm and inviting. It reminds me of the movie The Dark Crystal, probably because of the purple bottle. But the bottle is very descriptive of this perfume - deep purple is a perfect colour I think. Someone else said "green edges", I think that's spot on. I have syneasthesia, so when I smell a scent I see colours and textures. Absolute thumbs up - I would almost go as far as saying it may become my signature scent one day when I'm done "sleeping around".
positive I tried Alien this week, i have to admitt that i liked very much, well...i hate Angel..so i thought i would never like Alien, but this scent is so unique! it is like a velvety and elegant dark dress, so sensual and magic...i just love it!  
positive Ever late to the party I have only just now tried Alien - without expectations of anything. I'm still trying to get a fix on Angel and what all the fuss is about....but back to Alien. The first few seconds after the first spritz were chemically alarming - one jumped back from one's own wrist.But then! Warm and subtle jasmine with a slightly greenish metallic something hovering around the edges. Its underpinnings are ambery woods and the overall effect is somewhat "alien" and mysterious. I'm a jas-maniac and tis is going to have to join the harem.
positive What can be more beautiful than a beauty? A well dressed beauty. Alien is a well dressed jasmine, succeed to be more attractive than a nude jasmine. Good work. Must have for jasmine lovers.
positive One of the best Jasmine perfumes ever, period. It's a sultry, but not sickly, powdery, but not suffocating, lovely, sexy close-to-the-skin scent. Extremely sensual without being vulgar and very comfortable to wear. Gets lots of compliments too, which is a bonus!
positive I never quite understand why women who fall madly in love with Angel aren't able to put it in a separate category when testing Alien. Yes, they are both under the Thierry Mugler name, but that doesn't necessarily make them alike. I think that the name gives it away; Alien. it's not Angel Innocent, It's not Angel Garden of stars, it's simply Alien. Thus, when I tried it I had Angel out of my mind. What I've found with Alien (and every other fragrance out there) is that you must put it on for the "Fabulousness" to take effect. I tried the Perfume (applied with a nifty little gold wand) on my wrist, and went about my day. The way it smells is hard to describe. There's definitely jasmine in there, along with amber and a very slight green note. It almost has a "distant" quality, very synthetic-smelling, but very pleasing. I know that a lot of women are put off by it on the blotter, but I really advise applying some of the perfume oil on yourself and then seeing how you like it.
positive I love it, very sexy, dark and mysterious.  Though unlike most who find it cold I find it very warm and comforting.  But not comforting in an old slippers kinda way. Perhaps "inviting" is a better word.  Perfect to be worn on a cool autumn night out.
positive Delightfully bizzare yet, at the same time, familiar and exciting, "Alien" is the brisk, pistachio-like scent of an evening out under a dark, starry night sky or cruising with the windows down and "raisin' hell". It's an experience scent, where another fragrance exists within a fragrance--as part of a story, on a character in a specific time and place. This smells like getting away for a night after an event or holiday...and making out under the stars: Fresh, overly minty breath from spray and gum or menthol drops, perhaps a lingering scent of cheery-sweet cigars and coffee...you've worn your best, sultry fragrance and it's radiating off your skin...and the euphoric briskness of night air sneaks through cracked windows. This is a modern scent that couldn't be mistaken for any place or time before the 1990's---except as 90's cultural nod to 1950's pulp comics, t-birds, pinups and mod appeal...and, perhaps, medicinal rubs of the 1800's (the kind that smelled more like herbal perfume than medicine). This is the scent of "bad" before people grow up and understand what "bad" really means. Provocative, surprisingly nostalgic and exciting! I root for "Alien" because it's so dang weird and seems to embrace its playful weirdness. How can I snub my nose at that?

negative GAH!! :(  This stuff smells like my grandmum's (rest her) notorious 'spring tonic (that had ingredients you were better off not knowing about but was reported to have moonshine and turpentine in it somewhere) with a hefty dose of cinnamon and left-over-from-1969-patchouli thrown in.  If there's Jasmine in there anywhere, I can't smell it.  I've scrubbed my poor wrist half raw, doused it with alcohol and STILL can't get the stench off!  It's bad when something smells so horrid that the dog starts pawing his nose and the horses turn tail and gallop away.  HOW DO I GET THIS GAWD AWfUL STUFF OFF???? 

neutral I have mixed feelings about Alien; it really is a lovely fragrance (particularly in the richer Parfum version). It turns into a sweet vanilla-jasmine scent on me, which is very familiar, and not entirely unique. There are green and spice notes in there too, but they are faint. The EDP tends to get a vanilla ice cream note after a few hours, which is a little sickly. For me it isn't a particularly sophisticated perfume, and a little too "edible", though I have smelled it on other people, and it has developed into something much deeper altogether.The real downside, is that Alien is incredibly strong; annoyingly so (traditionally strong fragrances such as Narcisse Noir or even Poison pale into insignificance here!)! Even the smallest squirt of EDP or dab of Parfum is evident on my wrist 2 days and 3 baths later! If Alien floats your boat, I'm sure you won't mind this, but I found it quite annoying, especially when I wanted to wear a different perfume the following day. It definitely isn't a fragrance I would want to wear day after day; a tester once or twice a year is enough for me.
neutral I am not into florals of any nature, but there is something so beautiful about Alien making it the type of fragrance you would wear in the most beautiful sunlit, forest, fantasy-like setting.  If I wore oriental florals, my choice would be Angel.
neutral I find this scent highly confusing. To me, a fragrance should evoke an emotional response similar to: "mmm.. more". However, when I smell Alien it's almost as if the scent is telling me to back off. I feel guilty sniffing it, as if I'm breaking the boundaries of privacy. I have yet to smell this perfume on someone. I wonder if my emotional response to it will be to leave them alone.Other than that it seems a very interesting scent. However, as 'm not comfortable with it, it's not one for me.
neutral I'm still on the fence on this one. I got a mini of it, and I could smell it strongly even before I opened it. I wore it for a few hours, and couldn't decide if I like it. It is like nothing else I've ever worn. Even though I don't see it in the description, the top notes were lemon, lemon, lemon, and then definitely the musk. It is interesting, and would definitely turn heads, but I doubt I'll buy any more. 
neutral It's seems sophisticated and grown up, yet its smell kinda reminds me of rubber. I think it's alright...
neutral Interesting "sexy" jasmine with airy woods. This would smell great on any girl. 
neutral After the first overpowering whiff of sharp jasmine this settles into what really struck me as a slight licorice scent (I love licorice).  Its probably the jasmine softening and mixing with the amber.  It settles nicely, but the jasmine is probably a bit too much for me (and my wife).  But still pleasantly surprised by this frag. which is very strong and will hang around you for a long time.
neutral Alien is not an easy scent to like,I think..I have to admit that the first time I tried it I really hated it!I found it sour and weird smelling.However I've learned from experience that I need to retest most of the scents I try several times and with a huge time gap between.Alien also reminded me a bit of Crystal Noir in the beginning,but it's cooler and less sweet.Not sure what caused me feeling that way about it,because now I find them really different from eachother.On me Alien smells mostly of Jasmine,but it gradually warms a little up and the amber comes through.It also has a quite green quality about it I think.I've grown to like this scent more and more,but it's defenitely a scent I would have to be in the mood for.Defenitely a very original mix of notes and the bottle is cool too.
positive At the moment, I'm seeing this entry for Chanel No. 5 plus entries for No. 5 edp and No. 5 edt. This entry, then, is seemingly for the parfum and the edc. They can smell a lot a like, depending on which versions you get, and I've also smelled an edp of No. 5 that was the same / similar to some parfum and edc versions.

There are interesting versions of No. 5 that vary from the main idea (skanky edc's, really strong, beautiful edt's, and a recent edp that smelled off), but most of the versions I've tried establish the same smell: powdery aldehydes and jasmine plus woods. It's a perfume on the lighter side, but beautiful in its subtlety. 
positive Chanel No. 5 (1921) is an icon of perfumery, respected by people regardless of whether they like it, for what the perfume is, has done, plus how both the art and industry have been shaped in its wake. Perfumer Ernest Beaux proved his worth to Gabrielle "Coco" Chanel with No. 5, and the scent was many things to those who smelled it: a floral, a chypre, a status symbol, and a groundbreaking work of olfactive art with an unprecedented amount of aldehydes for the time, giving No. 5 its trademark plush opening which itself became a hallmark adapted for many future mainstream Chanel perfumes. There really isn't much more that I can say which hasn't been said by better people than myself, and Chanel No. 5 is a perfume nearly everyone in the Western world has either worn or at least smelled whether they're aware of it or not, but I'll try. Simply put: Chanel No. 5 isn't just an aldehyde floral, but is -the- aldehyde floral, and the perfume most people think about when they think of "that perfume smell", with a cosmetic empire carrying the Chanel double-C logo built upon its shoulders. Women predominantly wear it, but men can wear it (and have), with nearly anyone having the potential to enjoy it regardless of age, which is a difficult feat for any perfume to achieve, let alone one from literally another age. I won't lie, once you get past all the historic social impact hurgusburgus, the actual smell of No. 5 is the furthest thing from new and exciting, because like most things made ubiquitous from popularity, the style it pioneered has been done to death by others. Like Fougère Royale (1882) is to the fougère and Guerlain Shalimar (1925) is to the oriental, Chanel No. 5 to the floral genre a foundation that has been pushed, pulled, tugged, and imitated ad infinitum ad nauseam, but I can imagine how impressive it must have seemed in the early years. 

The huge aldehyde and bergamot push is soothed by lemon and neroli, a billowing opening that becomes a golden halo instantly recognizable when anyone wearing No. 5 walks past. The four core florals of jasmine, rose, iris, and ylang-ylang have been often featured in many perfumes since No. 5 launched, but here they are blended to perfection and unadorned with additional floral or spiced notes like past perfumes, forming the balanced core which is pure sunshine alongside the gushing top. The base is jam-packed with things from aromatic sandalwood and oakmoss, to verdant vetiver and patchouli, warm amber and vanilla, with a deftly light application of musk and civet to mix with intimate animal attraction of one's skin smell. All the resplendent top and heart notes really keep No. 5 from being anything remotely lewd, but it is alluring in the teasing manner in which one bats their eyelashes at a potential suitor. Most people born long after this scent had seen its heyday won't read even one iota of sexual provocation from the dry down of No. 5, thanks to the cultural ingraining caused by everyone's mom and grandmother wearing the stuff, but such is how it goes with long-lived popular perfumes. Overall, the golden floral that is No. 5 just feels like happiness bottled, with the only real competition it faced being the aptly-named Patou Joy (1930). Gender, age, and context are all illusions with this one. If you like it's voluptuous splendor, wear it and be happy. From my personal experience, Chanel No. 5 is admittedly hard to reach for, even as somebody open to perfumes marketed to the opposite sex from mine, simply because all the matriarchs in my family wore into the ground growing up, so I was enveloped in clouds of No. 5 the same way a man is consumed by fogs of Axe/Lynx spray at a gym. 

Even then, I acknowledge a level of comfort and gilded confidence in sniffing No. 5, a grace not found in the bitter 70's green chypres and poise missing from the terrible tuberose bombs of the 80's. Performance is all over the map for a scent with so many available vintages, but pure Parfum is the definite all-day radioactive glow of aldehydes, may rose, and aromatic fullness for which the scent is known. Eau de Parfum is the quietest in my opinion, with a soft-spoken low-sillage introduction to the main accord dialed down for intimate affairs, while the Eau de Toilette is technically weaker in formula, but has sharper citrus for greater sillage coupled with more-evident bite in the base, leaning more-masculine. The long-gone Eau de Cologne was almost "No. 5 for Men", with bergamot, aldehydes, rose, oakmoss, vetiver, and sandalwood stealing the show in the leanest, meanest incarnation ever produced, but also with shortest lifespan. Sampling is super easy because this stuff is everywhere, and of course I recommend trying because in case you've lived in a cave all your life, you need to at least know what all the histrionics and hype are about. I also think enough generations have lived and died that the style of No. 5 is beginning to finally borderline on irrelevant to the tastes of most young adults not versed in perfume history, so while we're at no risk of losing No. 5, recent flanker efforts to introduce "younger" iterations of the legendary accord prove to caution that some level of awarness needs preaching from its long-held fans to ensure future generations understand and appreciate this cornerstone of perfume. That's not to say every woman needs this in their medicine chest the way every guy is indoctrinated by his father to use Skin Bracer (1931), Old Spice (1937) or Pino Silvestri (1955), but No. 5 is an experience very much worth having. Thumbs way up.
positive Don't go for the lesser versions, or the newer updates (all the various concentrations and new formulations of No. 5). Go for the best: the parfum. The parfum stays with you and adapts through the day. By evening it's out of this world -- not by being overpowering, but in its subtle beauty. It's divine. 
And don't save it for special occasions; wear it as a day fragrance and love it. 
positive The aldehydes are "crisp".  Faint, but there, notes of citrus and neroli.  Thankfully, the heart notes come quick enough.  For some reason I don't care for the aldehydes in this.  I used to.  I used to love this perfume.  However, I haven't worn this in over 21 years.  I am thinking it must have changed.

I smell the jasmine, rose, ylang ylang, and lily of the valley in the heart.  Later, a peak of iris that adds a powdery-ness.  This redeems No. 5 for me, as I was beginning to feel very disappointed.  The base reveals some amber, patchouli, musk, civet, and vanilla.  Civet isn't too strong here, to my nose.

The eau de parfum version IS much better than the EDT.  I'll finish my decant of the edp.  A full bottle will not be on my radar.  I had loved this at one time - perhaps it was because my father would always give me a bottle for special occasions and I associate No. 5 with those lovely memories.
positive What a difference an age makes. When I first smelt Chanel No.5, I was in my teens and I  didn't like it at all. In all honesty I thought it was over-rated. Now a few decades later I love it. The ylang ylang and iris, stand out first for me, and  it dries down to a musky mix of sandalwood, a delicate hint of cedarwood and finally wraps up in a warm vanilla. I definitely feel this designed more for the older woman, perhaps because in our youth we tend to marinate in fragrances rather than appreciate the individual subtleties in a lighter spritz.
positive I've been a wearer of Chanel No 5 for several decades and of all the perfumes I have worn it varies more from one concentration or product or era to another than any other perfume in my experience. Therefore reviews of the scent in general leave me a bit in the dark as to which No 5 is being covered. The two products and concentrations I prefer and am reviewing here are the eau de toilette and parfum, which I find resemble each other most of all available formats, and which, although they have evolved over the years, retain the classic No 5 DNA the most.

I am a big ylang ylang fan and the parfum and edt seem to bring it out more than other versions. I think one also has to enjoy powder and aldehydes to like No. 5. The edp to me is an entirely different scent, in which the rose and jasmine stand out more. I also find it "louder." The edt and parfum do not project as much but seem to hover like an aura around the wearer and puff up from time to time during the day.  The "Chanelade" drydown is evident still, although today's edt is lighter than in the past. 

My mom didn't wear it but it was the signature scent of my best friend in college. During that time I abstained so as not to steal her thunder but once we went our separate ways it was all mine to enjoy! I find it discreet, refined and extremely easy to wear.

Oh--one more distinction: the edt available here is made in France and judging from former testing, is drier, not quite as sweet and powdery as the one made in USA.
positive That grandmother smell.
positive This is a positive review. I haven't worn it during ten years of parfume passion. I just smelled the bottle once. I don't know what was pushing me off. The popularity. The myth. The "madame" side of it. 

It won't become a favorite. But I'm here at the airport waiting for my flight and I feel pride and comfort for wearing it. It will follow me for twelve hours and I'm happy I chose it. 
positive Anyone who has watched home shopping channels for any length of time has heard the phrase "you wear it-- it doesn't wear you."  Now this is supposed to make you feel superior (with your whisper of scent) to those of us who still like to strut it (in the olfactory sense).

"The Five" does now, as it always has, wear me.  And I don't mind a bit.  

In my tiny wardrobe, I don't wear No. 5  or Panthere de Cartier as often as I do the others, but when I crave them, nothing else will do.  

For what it's worth, I have never craved any of the 21st Century flankers-- they remind me of hearing the Blue Danube Waltz-- played on kazoos.  Gimme the real thing, already!

positive Timeless and extraordinary, say no more...
positive I feel like I should be writing some sort of complicated review comparing all the concentrations and versions of No. 5, but really, I love the extrait.  That was the first version I tried and the version I ended up buying.

I think it's essentially an example of a perfect perfume.  The topnotes (sparkly lemon champagne and powder), the mid notes (soapy flowers deepened with clove and spices), and the base (super-creamy, rich musks and sandalwood over a full chypre base) are all great.  And the way the different themes interact with each other as the day goes on are always gorgeous and carry an engineered precision that is almost impossibly complex but also achingly beautiful.

Required sniffing.
positive For about 20 years I occasionally sprayed some of this from a tester, and what I got was somewhere between 'bottom of the fridge' and 'nothing', and I thought of it as actively unpleasant.  What was wrong with me?  It's glorious, but for some reason it never clicked for me until last year, when it sneaked up on me and showed its true beautiful nature.  Now, almost without me realising, it's my second-most-worn, after my great love, Mitsouko.
positive To paraphrase Cameron Crowe's Almost Famous, I'm about to go where many, many others have gone before, and try to say something insightful about Chanel No. 5.

I hadn't owned a bottle of No. 5 in so long that I was afraid I might not even recognize it, when I found a bottle of the discontinues Elixir Sensuelle on eBay.  I missed that train the first time, so I snatched it up.  To be honest, I was worried that it might be old, or even fake.  But I popped the top off, and there it was--that same, strange, elusive, weird, tickle.  

How to describe it?  Actually, trotting out the old Marilyn Monroe warhorse can be helpful, because Marilyn was a lady of very particular tastes.  She loved the color white to the point of obsession.  She loved Champagne.  She loved going without underclothes.  She did not love the "Happy Birthday, Mr. President" dress, but she knew it was a dress that "only Marilyn Monroe could wear."

Wearing Chanel No. 5 feels like fizzy skin of microscopic fireworks on the sheerest layer of silky golden white.  (Describing the scent is like describing the sound of something that's almost beyond your range of hearing. It's the wearing that counts.). It's like wearing the stuff of Marilyn's Mr. President dress, but you don't have to be sewn into it.  And you can wear it for whomever you want.  It feels like electricity.  It feels like magic.  
positive This is the perfume that my life partner seduced me with. Chanel flats. Black and gold outfit and all.
Have often sneaked some of hers. I think though, it is better suited to the Feminine.
I wear Bois des Iles and Cuir de Russie often. They are better suited to my skin.
To this day, when I pick this up, on any woman,
it has me stand up to attention.
positive I'm so pleased that I have waited this long to experience one of the great classics. Chanel's No. 5 is almost indescribable. It brings tears to the eyes. I won't try to explain the ethereal effect, the simultaneous depth and lightness of this great perfume.

What I wanted so to do was to run to my records and see how Coty's classic L'Aimant fared date-wise with the Chanel. They are so similar, but the Chanel has a depth in its base notes that so anchors the elusive whisps of Ylang, Neroli, Jasmine and Rose, so between the two, it does come out the winner.

I found that Coty's L'Aimant (1927) trailed Chanel's No. 5 (1921) by three years.  I am humbled.

I love them both.
positive I actually got a sample of the super expensive pure Parfum version of this scent, just so I could actually compare it with the EDP formulation I sprayed on my wrists a few days ago. The pure Parfum version of Chanel No. 5 is definitely one of the most perfect and beautiful feminine perfumes that has ever been made, hands down. I didn't really think so until I smelled it in that particular concentration, but yes, in the actual Parfum (Not the EDP) I think this perfume is a masterpiece. Unfortunately it IS prohibitively expensive, but I think it's worth splurging on if you can afford it and have the chance to buy it. I'm not as crazy about the EDP formulation that I tried on at the drug store the other day. It is essentially the same scent, but it doesn't come across the same way. Mostly, with the EDP my main thought is just "soapy, clean scent." Which is nice, there's nothing wrong with it, but I wouldn't pay a lot of money for it. With the pure Parfum formulation my first and immediate thought is: "beautiful, perfect perfume." Definitely worth the price. I probably should have tried the EDT formulation as well before writing this, but wasn't able to yet for comparison. But yes, the Parfum is gorgeous. Five stars, definitely. 
positive Marilyn Monroe always comes to mind.. I believe that should be enough to say about a timeless classic that is still a mainstream best seller and that has been talked about for just about a 100 years now. The epitome of sensual.
positive I have several vintage bottles of the perfume. I still put this one on when I want to lounge around in the morning, drink my coffee and read a book. It smells so luscious. When I am ready to get going out the door. I spray some Eau Premiere on the top for some wake up energy. 
positive Salutation.

To speak of the gorgeousness of No.5 is redundant,It is a goddess.Everyone who knows me well knows that i am not a big fan of CHANEL fragrances but as my reviews are truly then let me say this is supremely sophisticated.one of those fragrances that is absolutely unforgettable just like ANGEL,SHALIMAR and...one rooty perfume that is natural,queenly,fresh and just Fabulous.Sensual yet Laylike at the same time.

Striking and subtle notes of aldehyde and fresh air with weird undertones of precious woods and musk mixed into the perfect blend but the natural floral scent in the heart is more spectacular as it is very feminine and makes you think of a field of white flowers in the morning.it is not at all overpowering yet it stays with you really unique and beautiful and something you can totally imagine the creator smelling like.

The base notes are quite warm and musky on my skin. This timeless classic is excellent for anytime wear.one application to either neck is enough to cosume your entire body when you walk by another person for that person to notice you smelling great.A perfect fragrance for a perfect lady who so attend to class and tradition.


Sillage?Fantastic.

Longevity?Lasts and Lasts.

7.75/10
positive I do not think it makes sense to speak about the liquid of this perfume! My grandmother used this fragrance, and I suspect that even my mother uses both Laltrove 1002 and Chanel  No. 5. This fragrance is a beginning, a total break with the past. For the first time a perfume was produced by someone who was not a brand of perfumery, for the first time the use of synthetic molecules becomes a point of strength, for the first time the packaging is not a pompous crystal amphora, but a simple bauhaus bottle. This fragrance was a really school for perfumery and also represented the key reference point for all movements of innovation in the field of fragrances. What happened then? Nothing. For nearly a century the whole perfumery has contented itself with one purpose: to sell. There are only two scents that have attempted to regenerate the dusty world of fragrances: Escentric Molecules 01 and Peety by O'driù. The rest is: tabula rasa!
“Fashion is made to become unfashionable.”
Coco Chanel
This reviewer may have conflicts of interest
positive Beautiful. Have been fascinated with this perfume since I was small, and finally at 40 bought myself a bottle of the EDT. Actually, I bought the EDP first but was nearly knocked over by the strength of it. The EDT is much softer and just gorgeous. As the Chanel website says, you can spray it liberally and it just envelops you in this lovely cloud. Lasts all workday and I've never had a complaint, stays fairly close to my skin but I catch little delicious whiffs of it all day. The bottle is nice and feels luxurious, and the scent is pure luxury itself. I just love it. Soft but interesting, with different notes developing all day long. I never get tired of it. 
positive This has always been the first fragrance using, besides neroli and ylang-ylang, aldehydes heavily in the top notes and afterwards, and whilst it gives a certain sparkle to it I am not sure whether it is necessarily a sign of quality, but it certainly was a novel and creative idea.  The main wonder of this creation, especially in its original perfume version any years ago, has been the supreme quality of the roses; so delicious, natural and beautifully balanced by the classic jasmine notes.  The sandal in the base used to be of great quality, but over the years it has become a bit less special.

I get very good sillage and projection with a longevity of about nine hours in the perfume.

The original perfume is a classic - 4.5/5. 
positive This wonderful fragrance deserves its iconic status.  Men love it on women and women love to wear it--for a reason.  The sparkling aldehydes, the floral heart, the musky, vetiver base--it is beautiful through and through.  It must have been mind-blowingly original when it first came out and the way that Chanel has developed the brand--which has become a cult--is amazing.  Comforting yet elegant, totally feminine, it is as the Catherine Deneuve tagline went: "one of the pleasures of being a woman."  And yet.....  Is this the greatest perfume of all time?  Is this the quintessence of the perfumer's art?  Is this truly timeless, or a time capsule?  I wonder.  What I do know, though, is that the world is a better place because of it and women smell great in it and I am happy for Chanel's success in continuing to find new generations of wearers of this classic French scent.
positive Thumbs way up for a beautiful classic! This is the singular exquisite fragrance for women...floral and sparking with true read fragrance oils and a wonderful base of sandalwood and aldehydes. Feminine and dignified. Lasts for hours (8+). Exquisite!
positive Vogue's august editor, Diana Vreeland, as with many other of her pronouncements related to fashion, was spot on when she said that Chanel No. 5 really is the greatest fragrance for women.  And although, in the nearly 40 years since she made that statement, there have been other excellent fragrances, it's hard to think of a scent that says "formal" and "ready" like Chanel No. 5.  Others work fine for casual wear, but none I think come close to supplanting this fragrance as a woman's armor for the most important and intensely scrutinized of life's activities, engagements, and occasions.  The fact that most wearers don't see it as an everyday scent only serves to reinforce this.  It is truly a regal fragrance.

negative One of the most disgusting things out there... Chanel No.5 with it's huge dose of civet, giving any girl or woman wearing it a cat pee smell. 

It probably somehow triggers a pleasant, primal feeling though judging by its fanbase. 

I can only assume this is related to the wearer getting a feeling of being able to 'mark her territory' in modern day society. And also being able to stand out from the crowd, albeit in a bad way.
negative Absolutely horrible. 

Chanel No5 is the most overrated awful perfume on the market. It couldn't get worse. Being exposed to this fragrance is equal to a violent attack. It's crude, loud, repellent, foul and completely unsophisticated. It's designed by a perfumer with no sense of smell, no refinement of any sort. The only imagination Chanel No5 can conjure is that of a worn-out Parisian brothel filled with workers long past their due date.

The bottle is beautiful though and the only reason it sells.
negative I really wanted to like this.  I tried it several times and to no avail.  It just doesn't smell good on me.  Unfortunately instead of getting the florals in the heart notes or the woods, amber, vanilla etc in the base, I just get a big ole dose of Civet that shines through and trust me, it is not a pleasant scent.  I wanted to like and wear it because it reminded me of my mother, but it doesn't smell on me the way it did on her.  I am going to have to give this away to someone and hope it smells good on them.  

neutral This iconic, legendary behemoth of the perfume world is a mystery to me.  Others speak in hushed tones of its brilliance, its sparkle, its ability to transport and transform the ordinary into the exquisite.  I want(ed) so very much to love it, much like my desire to love seafood or The Tragically Hip.  Alas, like them, it is not to be.  I have tried it at very different times throughout my life, (EdP & EdT), and every time it is an exercise in aversion.  To me it smells like I am trapped in an old lady's sitting room and she is repeatedly whacking me with a bundle of  faded, blowsy flowers.  Over and over.  I remember my mother had a bottle of No 5 that sat, untouched, on her dresser--it was the source of my first "try".  And the bottle then remained untouched by me as well.  Maybe it's genetic?  I give it a neutral instead of thumbs down, because I know in my secret heart that I will surreptitiously try it again...
neutral I come at No. 5 unhindered by any associations with female family members or acquaintances wearing it - nobody I know is that classy. I had been testing the EDP for years now, just a random spritz here and there when I was in a perfume store, just to make sure it was as deeply repellent as I had remembered it. The EDP never disappointed, in that regard. 

But recently, I was on my way back home from a holiday and realized I had forgotten to pack my precious little decant of Bois des Iles for the plane ride home. I am an extremely anxious flyer and have found that the calming scent of sandalwood is practically the only thing standing between me sitting quietly in my seat with clenched buttocks, a silent moan of terror trapped in my throat, and running down the aisles butt naked screaming "We're all going to f*^$#&ÎNG DIE!!!!". It is safe to say that I was mildly disconcerted to find that I had no sandalwood on my person. As was my husband. Anyway, in desperation, I looked at the bottle of No. 5 EDT on the duty free shelf, figured there had to be some good sandalwood in the base, and so spritzed it on liberally. It worked. The EDT has a rather short performance trajectory, so I was well into a glorious sandalwood dry-down by the time I was boarding, maybe 90 minutes later. It is true that I may have bruised my husband's forearm during take-off, but at least there was no screaming and naked antics from me, for which we are all truly grateful.

The slight similarity to Bois des Iles in the far dry-down had me intrigued. Was it possible, I wondered, that I could get my ruinously expensive sandalwood fix through plain old No. 5, which is, compared to BdI extremely easy to find and not as hard on the wallet? I conducted a little investigation. I bought a small bottle of 1940s/50s pure parfum from a Basenotes member, as well as a small purse spray of the EDT (current version). Here are my thoughts:

The Good: The vintage pure parfum is simply exquisite. It is a smooth, round thing of beauty. They say that Chanel has secured the harvest rights to all the best jasmine and roses in Grasse for generations, and you can tell. I would not be surprised if they have St. Peter under contract to collect the tears of angels in heaven for this too. The florals are deeply abstract, super-blended, and buttery in the way only Chanel can pull off. I can't identify a single one of the flowers used here - it's like they picked some flowers, dipped them into liquid gold, waited for them to dry, then broke them up into little pieces and put them back together all mismatched, like a sort of Picasso's Desmoiselles d'Avignon, with the the bottom part of the jasmine welded to the top of a rose. It is all very fuzzy and abstract.  Later on, I detect something pleasingly animalic in the dry down, as well as that soothing sandalwood.

The Bad: The extreme abstraction comes close to feeling synthetic at times, and there is this weird plasticky netting cast over the florals, as if the golden, fluid smoothness has been pushed to the brink. In the parfum, this plasticky feel manifests itself as a semi-pleasing sort of nuttiness, like unsweetened almond essence. It is an odd effect, like I said, half-pleasing but half-unsettling and synthetic, and I am not sure that it belongs. I perceive this plasticky, almond thing in the parfum to a small but noticeable extent in the pure parfum, but not at all in the EDT, leading me to think the effect is due to taking the abstract richness a step too far. 

The Ugly: The EDP takes this plasticky effect to the florals and pushes it to the limit of my tolerance. Actually, the EDP smells like burning plastic for much of its development on me, and it is quite unpleasant. It is joined by a synthetic note from the laundry or household detergents aisle in the supermarket. 

I enjoy the EDT a great deal, perhaps the best out of all the versions. But it is surprisingly light and last for only three hours on my skin. What I have taken to doing is dabbing the pure parfum on pulse points, and then spritzing the EDT all over my body, so that I get both concentration and volume. Then I am surrounded by a lovely fug of golden scent all day long. 

I have to add two important things, though. First of all, putting on No. 5 is a conscious act of melding with the madding crowd - there is nothing to tell you apart from the legions of women who put it on just because either their mothers did before them, or just to wear something famous. There is nothing about it that says "Hey! I am wearing No. 5 because I choose to, based on the notes!" You will just smell like everyone else (well, of a certain age). For those of us who like to express some aspect of their individuality through choice of perfume, putting on No. 5 feels like you are willing accepting to be an anonymous face in the crowd. It is so recognizable and such a cultural shorthand for luxury, class, and "poshness" that it has, I find, a depressing sort of flattening effect on your own individuality. And you can't bend No, 5 to your own personality either - forget about it. You can wear it defiantly with shorts and flip-flops, but your smell will still say "I am a posh woman, slumming it today. I have my pearls and twin-set waiting for me at home". 

Lastly, I discovered that although No.5 is an acceptable short term alternative to Bois des Iles for a plane ride home, it really cannot replace Bois des Iles in the long run. Note to self: Just buy Bois des Iles and be done with it.           
positive My mom gave me this perfume as my wedding gift in 2007 and I'm still halfway through. It is and still is my mom's all time favorite though. Honestly it wasn't my total favorite but the scent is acceptable and I usually wear it for special occasions like dinner parties or weddings due to it high silage and superb long lasting power. It is seriously a very strong perfume, so use sparingly. It lasts all day so only a little is needed. Smells as if there is a billion types of flowers being squeezed in a bottle. Classically powdery but nice and warmth. It surely made me feel classy and in control. Super pricey indeed for me but will buy it again if I ran out. Reserved only for special occasions only.
positive Mistakenly received this in the place of Allure Sport. I had a good fifteen minutes before noticing the sample's label. Plenty enough time to be hooked. Even though my typical favorites are very powerful masculine scents via 70's, 80's, 90's, I will gladly wear this out the door with no fears.
positive I couldn't afford it in my youth and always borrowed my mothers. It was my something borrowed on my wedding day. I have always got some in now that I can afford it.
positive Review for the Vintage EDT.

A truly perfectly balanced floral done in the way only Chanel could do. It is delicate and classy as well as being alluring and sensual, as if giving off a warm glow around the person who wears it, like a soft, golden "aura" following them.

It is subtle, but it compliments your own natural skin beautifully and it a natural way... as if enhancing your presence and making you feel beautiful and confident at the same time. 

Ernest Beaux, the genius that he was, knew women so well, this fragrance seems to work and adapt differently on each persons skin. It has universal appeal... and works well with women of ANY culture, creed or generation. There is a reason why this one is hard to beat, even after 90 years, and why it will still be around 90 years from now.
positive For mature women only !When I was in my twenties I would have never thought to go to the chanel counter in my shopping center. Because I just thought to myself Chanel no way. In my thirties as well. But now in my forties I decided to give Chanel no.5 a try all I can say is I love it.  The is really for a mature lady who can figure out its not about a old lady scent that most imature people would say but a scent for a big lady lol. A mature woman. Ive been wearing and alot of people ask me what iam wearing I tell them its a sercet.Pros: classic, mysterious, alluringCons: none"
positive Poster child of Aldehyde perfumesIf you like aldehydes, this is for you.  Despite the one-star negative reviews, this fragrance has been around for nearly 100 years.  It is a classic.  The aldehyde theme is neither cloying nor floral, but sharp and clean.  If you like fruity, floral, or sweet fragrances, stay away.  100 years of satisfied customers can't all be wrong...
positive Lovely...Classic	Received this as a free sample with a Chanel order.I wish my wife loved this as much as I do. Sexy without being trashy, sophisticated without being stodgy. There's a reason it's been around as long as it has. Timeless.Pros: Sexy and sophisicatedCons: None
positive I have to admit, I didn't want to love this one.  My mother wears it and has for my entire life and at first spray I can't shake the sensation that any second she's going to catch me in her bathroom and usher me to the babysitter while she and my dad get ready for a night on the town.  I wanted to casually try it and then move on, leaving No. 5 in the care of my mother and countless other ladies.

Yes, at first it is everything that I associate with my mother and perfume.  That extravagant opulence of the 80's, the carefully constructed hair laden with hairspray, the tinge of something unnatural that may be a cigarette or perhaps a drink, the strong invasion of flowers too profuse to fit within a vessel. Then something very interesting happens, after an hour this sculpted Venus began to respond to my own chemistry and emerged as something I had not expected.  No. 5 takes on a fresh and vital chracter on me with perdominant rose, a faint rich cream, and powder, but surprisingly vetiver has become the star.  Wow, it is beautiful!  Suddenly I begin to see how Coco herself, Marilyn Monroe, and my elegant-but-nononsense mother can all wear this sparkling, striking, masterpiece.

If you've never tried this for yourself for fear of smelling too much like someone else, you may want to consider giving No. 5 a test run.  You may be amazed at what she has to say about you!  
positive OK, this is going to be different.  I'm reviewing this based on how it smells on friends & family.  Some wonderful scents go rancid with my body chemistry or don't match up with my personality and lifestyle, this is one.  But I love smelling it on others who are lucky enough to be able to wear it.

It has a light floral scent to me, and maybe something like powder.  Expensive powder!  Pleasant & soothing, it seems like a year round evening scent.

positive I wish we had the option to rate with simultaneous thumbs up–thumbs down. Neutral is never appropriate for Chanel No. 5…

Thumbs up:
This is a post-modern work of art. (OK, a very pretentious statement, but let me explain). Whenever I smell Chanel No. 5 a classic symphony orchestra innocently chugs away while a loud distorted guitar screeches relentlessly in the top register. Somehow, the orchestra was brilliantly tuned to the guitar, allowing the dissonance to coalesce with the violins resulting in a haunting Gothic architecture (complete with flying buttresses—haha). This is the stench of bodies rising from the dead. Superb. 

Thumbs down:
Chanel No. 5 is the opposite of inviting; it is telling everyone around the wearer to stay away because we are going to war and expect to die. As a fragrance, it is more like war paint instead of make-up. Maybe that is the whole point, but yuck. Please stay away from me, Chanel No. 5.

positive This was my fragrance many years ago; given up at a time of great change. I always liked it's heady presence. It is unmistakeable. Anyway, here I am years later feeling nostalgic. I've invited it back into my life, wearing it occasionally when I want to noticed, and remembered. Welcome back my friend.
positive Timeless, classic and classy. I love the complexity of No. 5. Over the many hours that it lasts with my chemistry it magically morphs from one very recognizable scent to another. I haven't tried another perfume that manages that feat. 

While the scent is amazing, it's really too powdery to really be "me" (I'm more of an amber/citrus/floral girl). That being said I do enjoy wearing No. 5 from time to time. My mother has a bottle and I "borrow" some from her occasionally.
positive I am a (gay) man and I love #5 so much that I wear it myself as it works well on my skin.  I can also be perfectly layered atop a more masculine woody or leathery scent.

It is the purest jasmine scent I know, and it is so well constructed with all ingredients in perfect harmony that it is like listening to the London Symphonic orchestra or probably more accurately some French opera.

Though preferably used as an evening scent (perfume) this is the olfactory equivalent to a floral burst you get after prolonged rain, when the sun pops open all flower buds and they all ooze their fragrance into the open air on a perfect spring day.

If >>Shalimar<< is the slightly louder more "slutty" one (the 'Samantha' of perfumes), then #5 is definitely the more distinguished, romantic, big dreaming 'Carrie Bradshaw'.

I love this fragrance for it oozes class and luxury with the familiarity of "baby powder". Sheer amazing!
positive No. 5 is always the smell you have to be patient for. It begins so blunt and rides out so slowly and with unflustered ease, you begin to wonder what's so special about it. I remember smelling it for the first time as a teenage girl and thinking "Dust? Dried roses? Doilies?" Foolish, youthful me. 

Now I it's my black boots, my beige sweater and my nude lipstick of fragrances. It seems to go with everything. 

The powerful jasmine and ylang ylang that sparkle like matte sequins, the inviting sandalwood finish and the hint of rose are all part of the experience. I find the EDP to be long lasting, but not as whisper smooth as the other formulations. I find myself using the Sensual Elixir like parfum when I go out and applying it before bedtime. It should be noted that the Elixir does have a thrust of vanilla not found in the other formulas.

The drydown is intermittently my favorite part, especially as I go to bed. It's powdery, but cool and not heavily spiced or laden with sweetness. It's almost green, but not as green as No. 19. 

Now I wear it almost every other day. It's definitely my "safe" choice as the familiar aldehyde and jasmine scent is not exactly groundbreaking or thought provoking. It's just that aura of simplicity, svelte spirit and the feminine that keeps me anchored and confident. 
positive I'd never wear it for two reasons.  Firstly, I feel it's still a wee bit old for me.  And secondly, it reminds me of my darling mum.  To have this scent, so evocative of mum, every moment of the day, would just be too much.  She's in my thoughts all the time anyway.  But as it reminds me of her, and she was a very beautiful, way ahead of her time, feisty but gentle, very feminine little star, I have to say it is a stunningly beautiful, elegant scent.  I wish I could wear it, as I think it oozes class.  But even at 44, I still don't feel grown up enough for Chanel No 5.
positive If there is no Chanel No. 5 in heaven, I am not sure I want to go! This regal fragrance is sophisticated and classy to a fault.  This is THE classic perfume par excellence.  In fact, I would be as bold as to say it is an eternal fragrance.  It is still going strong after 90 years which in itself is no small accomplishment.  I wonder how many fragrances created in the 2000's will still be around in 2090...  My guess is:  not too many.  Ernest Beaux was a real genius.
positive Just imagine for a moment that a scent was a piece of music, No. 5 would to my mind be The Flower Duet by Delibes, now every woman wearing it is hearing the Flower Duet in their mind and they're entranced, floating along lost to the outside world.
It's lovely but everyone else has to listen to the music too, and just once in a while we'd like to hear something else. 
A great scent but overexposure has dulled it's beauty. 
positive This is an absolute classic. If I had a love of my life this would be it. I have been picking this out of my mothers dresser since I was 5. 15 years later, it is still my signature fragrance. So warm, so luscious, so sophisticated - a real masterpiece. 
positive The challenge of Chanel No. 5 is making her your own. 

It can feel weird to try to fill the big mommy shoes of this fragrance but so worth it when you do. Dry and warm and sweet and floral and legendary, basically the whole package. 

This venerable aldehyde-laden floral potion holds her own, even after all this time.

This get three thumbs up from me: for the parfum, the edp, and the edt.



negative 
That body chemistry should differ greatly from one individual to another should come as no surprise.
But after reading so many reviews - not just here, of course - praising or lamenting, whatever the case may be, this perfume's "greenness" or "freshness" I have no choice but to conclude that some noses are from Mars and others from Pluto. (Even though "sex symbols" have been traditionally used it in its marketing, I could not bring myself to associate it with Venus.)

To my nose, there is more "greenness" and "freshness" in a whiff of olive oil (or any oil, for that matter) - and I am not exaggerating for comic purposes. 
It is not an entirely off-the-cuff simile, either, because that's what Nro 5 reminds me of spontaneously: of an almost solid greasy substance, reminiscent of a lump of lard,  in which a  cloyingly sweet flower scent drowned a while ago, dying an agonising death, and has been decomposing ever since. (I suppose it is the precisely the hint of organic decomposition, a common impression conveyed by Bulgarian rose, not to mention civet etc., that makes it so appealing to others.)

To make matters worse, there is its famous longevity. It jumps you as you walk by and then clings to you, come hell or high water. (Literally: every time I had tried to give it a chance, from different bottles, no amount of water and scrubbing could  get it off, not completely. It may not be a coincidence that each time I was also overcome by a powerful headache and faint nausea.)

In case anyone is wondering about my skin type (which is relevant, of course): it is on the dry side (not overly so), the kind with almost invisible pores, that rarely sweats. My sweat often smells honey-like. Even acidulous scents turn sweet(ish) on my skin.

On others, it fares no better, as far as my nose is concerned. It's greasy, dull, cloying and utterly uninteresting. Worse: due to its over-marketing, now it has the unpleasant added effect of branding the wearer with an aura of conventionality in my eyes. As much as I try to fight the thought (and I really do try hard), my first impression of a Nro 5 wearer is that she is a lady who is easily swayed by advertising and possibly cares a LOT about other people's opinions.

As a serious collector and perfume lover, I know all about this perfume's history, and I couldn't care less about its historical value, except in the context of, well, the history of perfume. Wearing it for its historical value would be tantamount to wearing a 1906 bathing suit because it was oh-so-modern in its day.

Interestingly enough, this is the only Chanel that I hate. There are a few that I am indifferent to, and two or three that I positively love and wear.



negative So disappointed with this one. I purchased it without first trying on a sample, going simply by all the rave reviews out there and its classic stature. Too powdery, and despite having the EDP, it did not last well on me either. Just shows how subjective this world of fragrances is :)
negative As a perfume fanatic, I thought I ought to own it. But I didn't wear it. Occasionally I would spray a little onto my wrist and sniff it on and off over an evening at home. To me No.5 is a bit like going to a gallery and looking at a painting you find ugly but it just sold for $100m so you think you should admire it without really understanding why. I had EDT.

neutral Not my style, smells o.k., not memorable to me.  Best left for my Mom to wear but don't love it/hate it either way.  Obviously a timeless classic for so many people so worth having in a collection, just not mine.
neutral Chanel No. 5 edp (***)

No. 5 edp is great until you realize it smells like Baghari, only with a heady floral section to make it float and a Polysantol slab to weigh it back down.
neutral It was Christmas, I was 16 and my poor Mother had been nagged to weariness over the past 3 months about L'heure Bleue,I'd never smelt it, but I fell in love with the romance of it. It took such a leap of faith for my Mum to spend so much on a perfume for a child, that I pretended to love it. But I didn't.I resolved to wear it for a week, and put it in a drawer, never to be smelt again.The next day, leaving the house, to go out to the cold, dry dark I thought, Casmir? Van Cleef? No, I'll HAVE to wear it.So I did, and in the cold, dark night, it came alive and I fell in love.
Its a cold, dark night,20 years later, and I left the house hoping to fall in love with the slighty clove medicinal floral greeness that I get from my chemistry with No 5. But I can't.It doesn't warm, it doesn't change and then dazzle on me, it's just kind of, meh, and may go in a drawer, never to be smelt again.But, although I certainly didn't nag for this one, don't tell my Mum.
neutral "This was my mother's perfume..." Thus probably begins many reviews of Chanel No. 5. I have seen people accuse it of being an "old lady" perfume. I can't say I find the scent to be "old lady" so much as "perfume." For me, those perfumey aldehydes just don't work. On me, it smells like hostess soap. As a young woman, just establishing herself after college, I preferred the crisp, green of No. 19.

On my mother, however, it was lovely. She had many fine fragrances in her collection, but No. 5 was "hers." My cousin Joan wore Shalimar, her sister Irene wore Je Reviens, and their mother, my Aunt Mary, wore Joy. On each, her chosen perfume was lovely, but whereas my 20-something-cousins seemed to "wear" their perfume, my mother and my Aunt became their fragrance, or rather, it became them. After having so often complimented my cousin Irene on her Je Reviens, she gifted my mother with some. It was awful on her; it smelled like the worst possible cheap soap (even worse than No. 5 smells on me). It was hard to convince her that on her this wasn't the exquisite essence it was on my cousin, and I was left with no great opinion of Je Reviens. Thankfully, my mother returned to her No. 5.

Many years later, as I kissed my cousin Irene good-bye after a visit, I was greeted with the most entrancing scent. "What are you wearing!?" I asked, astonished. "Je Reviens," she answered, as if to say, "what else?"  I had not remembered it being so wonderful. Not long after, when I visited her sister Joan, I was greeted by the most celestial garden of spice, and after the same, shocked "What are you wearing!?" she nodded, knowingly, "Shalimar." Years earlier, I had not sensed the spiciness of that "powdery" vanilla.

What is this long tale meant to illustrate (apart from that the women in my family have excellent taste in perfume)? That, even among the closest family members, there will be great variation in how fragrances present. We all know as much. But there is a theory I have developed from this experience as to why some people consider perfumes like No. 5 to be "old lady" perfumes--because their best expression is achieved on older women, and so we associate the scent with older women.  My cousins had to grow into their perfumes; the fragrance, likewise, evolved on them. This isn't simply a matter of maturity or class. As women's body chemistry changes, as their skin density changes, so too, I believe, does their fragrance. (Not to be too sexist, here, I imagine the same happens with men, but we don't yet have a generation of mature men here in America who boldly wear what are considered "women's" perfumes to test this theory.)

Not long before her death, as I brought my lips to my mother's cheek to kiss her goodbye, I smelled the most perfect perfume. I couldn't describe it as anything in particular--just the most wonderful and perfect scent of a woman. When I asked the inevitable "What are you wearing!?" she said, "Chanel No. 5, as always."
neutral This perfume was so avidly promoted on a friend's Open Diary page a few years ago, that I went out and bought it. To me it has a baby-powder esque-ness (that is so not a word, lol!) that cannot possibly be escaped. When I think sexy I think My Sin by Lanvin, or Coco by Chanel. When I think, what bottle of perfume is still sitting in my car? Oh yeah, Chanel No. 5... picture the really attractive blonde in the corner that is gorgeous right up until she opens her mouth, and yes, there you have it... 
neutral THE CLASSIC! Well... maybe. but its not that good. Since i wasn't quite familiar with this fragrance till relatively recently, i was stunned by the fact that it smells THAT soapy. Its really prevalent.
Yeah, its a decent scent, i wouldn't dismiss it or want to tell people to wear something else since it is pleasant. But its really nothing far-out there. Buy it if you want, i like it, but wouldnt fall in love with it. Neutral.
neutral So this is the one that started Attack of the Killer Perfumes.
I can't wear this because of the aldehydes. It comes across on me as harsh with airy hairspray florals, and develops surprisingly little. I suppose if my skin and nose liked aldehydes I might see the loveliness of this classic, but I do not. This strikes me as the start of that slow slide toward what we all now recognise as the dreaded department store perfume smell. Now I know which one to blame. It also always had a little funky note to it from the animalics, so N°5 really isn't destined to be a fragrance I will wear.
Edit: i tried N°5 in parfum formulation and its beauty shines through what seems much reduced aldehydes. I can see its classicism, so I've revised my review to neutral. They seem almost like different fragrances to me. At any rate, as a parfum, it is luxurious, smooth and feminine. It still had the problematic little funky note, but this is better than it has ever smelled before.
neutral Radiant and futuristically chic back at time of its inception this chemical concoction stands out still on the stage nowadays. It's unique, indeed instantly recognizable. Synthetical and floral-aldehydic Chanel N. 5 is a chilly-radiant, cosmetical and powdery-gasseous scent that smells like a cloud of soft ambery musk over which are scattered petals of pink and white roses side by side with jasmine. A proud iris enhances the powdery sophistication in the central part on the side of lily of the valley and this middle stage performs as a perfect balance of floral patterns. After few minutes of a slightly hesperidic fickle blast this blend turns out incredibly cool, spacious and glamour with its initial floral blast of sensual ylang-ylang but it does it paradoxically with a retro, luxurious and nostalgic touch as well as you'd take a plunge in a colonialistic age of high class ladies in white dresses strolling along the Royal Pavilion with their umbrellas under sun. Some sweet woods provide a right dosage of woody delicate mildness. The final trail is yet balmy/aldehydic and woodsy with a touch of severe patchouli, a rooty hint of vetiver and a subterranean aftertaste of orange. The soapy-aldehydic effect is anyway not creamy or resinous despite amber and vanilla but instead powdery and airy because of the fluctuating and aerodynamic aldehydes effect which provides a sort of balsamic frosty "glaring" substance, anticipating the glamour talky temperament of many aromatic and balsamic powdery upcoming creations of the current modern market. This nostalgic piece of history deserves respect and I do it even if by its "peaceful" translucent cleanliness it does not fully satisfy my ideal model of naughty, sensual and gorgeous floral femininity.
positive I've read books, and plenty of reviews of this one. I'll start the way these reviews always do, and say this, I can't say anything that hasn't been said.

I adore my vintage versions of this organic liquid. They've taken on a life of their own. I like the androgynous Eau Premiere, the EdT is classic, the extrait is divine, the EdP is a bit heavy (and my least favorite), but I love the masculinity of all of my coveted, hoarded, and much sought after bottles of EdC. I wear the old EdC, and continually baffle people when I respond that it's #5.

There is a #5 for everyone, and, at some point, you'll learn to like at least one of them.
positive One must give Number 5 a good rating.  Who am I to negatively critique a timeless classic?

However, my 83 year-old grandmother wears this scent, and it is perfectly fitting.  Enough said.
positive Chanel # 5 is vivid and bright like a light filled canvas by painted by both Van Goph and Matisse.  Even its shadows  shimmer with the intensity of aldehyde spiral glows but its over all impact is the serenely elegant design of timeless florals that transcend florals or anything else fo earth and nature into a glowing radiance. This is perfumery beyond abstraction.  This is perfumery as effanescent radiance.

Every other one of the 139 reviews posted up to today begin with "I remember my mother wore Chanel # 5."   Chanel # 5 transcends reviews, or fashion.  It is the most popular  perfume of all time.  Its appeal is as close to universal as a thing of the real world can be.  It is not favored by country, social class, or even gender.  It is not really a feminine floral composition.  It is not sweet.  There are myriad masculines sweeter than # 5.  I am a man, and if it were not so perfect and seamless, I would wear it myself.  I am thinking I wil layer it with, perhaps Gurrlain Vetiver, or maybe a smokey Kolnisch Juchten in order to tone down its brilliant radiance.

What I require is a master perfumer to design in some flaws, imperfections, a ragged edge or to so that I could wear it without embarassment to my self, and self image.

My mother also wore it for most of her life.  For women it is both an idealization of what few but a woman who projects like Catherine Deneuve can wear without a kind of dishoesty of projection, and mysteriously, at the same time it can be worn by all the imperfect ladies of the world, for casual as well as formal occasions, and these women will be more assured and comfortable in themselves for wearing it.

In its unitary simplicity, and perfection is its mystery.

As a EDT it is at its most bright and sparkling.  As a EDP Chanel # 5 is more relaxed, and opens more slowly and with more depth but with less definition.  The new Eau Premiere is the vaguest incarnation (designed perhaps for the most immature but most "post modern" purchasers in some strange target group).  Of course, the Parfum Extrait should be the most perfect, unrestrained presentation fo the creation, and it is.

Why Chanel has not taken the recipe and stripped it down with a blemish or two for presentation as a masculin is beyond me.  

In any case, Chanel # 5 is beyond arguing, or reviewing, really.  It is in a class alone.  It knows no category.  It has no competitors.  There is really nothing similar.  And nothing to complain about.  That is sell so well year after decade with such consistency riddles all analysis.

Did I mention my mother wore it?  If it did not stand so alone, I would suggest that it is the mother of all modern perfumes.  However like many perfect examples rare in nature, I do not think # 5 passed on its perfection to any heirs.  We are lucky that it appears to be immortal.


positive I'll re-post my original review for Chanel No.5. And I'll keep on doing it forever. Once again, this is possibly one of the best perfumes ever created but the point within my review is slightly different. I'm trying to focus on the fact that if we all endorse the "best ever" attitude we leave no room for invention, for curiosity, for self expression and we react to other people's opinion just like the world of perfumery reacted when No.5 was originally released. At the time, brands by the likes of Guerlain used to keep the point that using natural ingredients in perfumes, was the only way to guarantee excellance. Then Chanel introduced on the market the first clearly chemical fragrance, declaring they used over 80 aldehydes to create this marvellous composition.

At the time it was absolutely blasphemous from Chanel and the world of perfumery splitted in two parts. On the one side we had those who felt almost offended by No.5, on the other we had people endorsing Chanel's choice realizing that No.5 was a revolutionary landmark in perfumery.

Said that, I'm trying to encourage people to be open minded, and most of all to respect other people's opinion...

Here we go....

Chanel No.5

OK, I know it may sound blasphemous from me (again) but we can't stand this perfume enymore! OK OK OK, it was revolutionary, it was the first floral- aldehydes scent ever created but please, let's go a little bit further now. I've nothing against N.5 that's an ABSOLUTE MASTERPIECE but I'm sick and tired of mid aged ladies wearing this fragrance and thinking this is the only scent available in the whole world.There are no more reasons to exists for Chanel No.5 besides being part of your own collection, but please don't tell me there's anyone still wearing this. Wearing Chanel No.5 in 2011 it's not anymore being elegant and classy...fantasy, please!
positive Always a favorite of my mother.  She has excellent taste in fragrance.  She wore this on special occasions when I was very young, so it has a great nostalgic air for me.  As an adult, I always found it a bit old ladyish, albeit a very sophisticated, moneyed old lady.  I recently found an old bottle at the Goodwill for 50 cents, which is probably around what it cost in 1921...well, maybe not.  Wearing it now, I find it an acquired taste, which I'm rapidly acquiring.  It's still so strangely modern; yet old fashioned at the same time.  It works a seductive spell and conjures the time in which it was created.  And still has so much to say about today.  How can you beat that? That old bottle I found is vintage and the "cologne" version.  I find it very soft.  Based on some of the reviews here, the greater concentrations seem like they're a totally different animal.  An old she cat in heat it sounds like.  But I like my little bottle of cologne.  There's an old commercial on Youtube of Catherine Deneuve for Chanel No. 5.  She says "cologne" in a French accent that makes it sound like she just invented the word.  I fell in love with her long ago.  Right now,  I'm falling in love with Chanel No. 5
positive How can I hate Chanel No. 5?  That opening aldehyde blast and bouquet of balsamic flowers to me, is sweet - in a good way, sweet like honey.  This is a perfume whose scent is instantly recognizable for me.  While No. 5 isn't my favorite Chanel fragrance, I still enjoy it and find it pleasant, and it *is* a Chanel, so I really have no complaints.  If I have a sweet tooth, I wouldn't reach for a "gourmand", I'd reach for this.  It's comforting and delectable, but never cloying or unpleasant.
positive This is the smell of a gorgeous, rich, sexy lady. A masterpiece. No more words.
positive This is a wonderful fragrance.  It reminds me of crisp winter days - and nights, of Christmas (first had it as a Christmas present), frosty February walks and meals out at Easter.  I like its sweetness but then I really dislike fruity perfumes.  I always want to own and wear this and it's fantastic that previous generations of women have enjoyed it too.  I don't think this has to make it an old lady's perfume or that anyone should use the term old lady in a negative way.  We are all maturing and mature is still feminine just as this fragrance is. Chanel No 5 is quite simply a beautiful classic fragrance to be enjoyed by anyone.
positive I love the Edp....Its stronger and richer than the Edt. But I have to admit, I acquired a taste for this (or smell, if you will) and also, since I purchased this on Ebay, I am not sure how old it is. I have a new bottle that was purchased and they both have a similar smell so I would say its fresh and vintage. One thing I have learned, if you buy a vintage perfume, you should buy a perfume that is either in dark container or a perfume that has been stored in its own box. They keep well that way and won't smell like alchohol. Anyway back to No 5. I feel this is a safe fragrance. I have some that would probably offend some one who can't stand fragrance at work. Cathedral, by Bpal is one. I absolutely adore this incensey perfume oil, but I could see someone &%$@#ing about it at work. Don't you hate that?? So go lightly. Also I seen the movie "Coco before Chanel" which is all in French and you have to read it, but it is really good. I came to appreciate Chanel and all her earlier fragrances after seeing this movie. She was a conservative in the way she liked to dress. Sometimes at work I liked to dress somewhat "manly" I call it. Dress pants, vest, tie, jacket and victorian boots witha low heel. Oh and a watch and fob. With Chanel no 5 to complete the look. Yeah. 
positive So well blended that it's nearly impossibly to pick apart notes. This here is the epitome of a woman's perfume, this is what perfume is, plain and simple.
positive I've had this bottle since late 80's and never really liked the scent on me but tried it again a few days ago and wow I think I'm in love.  I never remembered the smell to be so soft and elegant just beautiful.  I'm thinking it's time to re-visit some of my other oldies maybe they'll take my breath away too.
positive Marylin Monroe once said,"just a few drops of Chanel No.5 Perfume." In my eyes, Chanel is really charming and anazing.
positive My skin chemistry, always unpredictable and capricious, has changed so much that I've learned to be very cautious about re-discovering scents I haven't worn since 1967.So I was delighted to find that Beauty Encounter would, for $25, send me a little 5-pack, with parfum, EDP, EDT, and a couple of the variants.It was with great hope but also trepidation that I dabbed on a few drops of the EDP. Would it smell awful on me now? Or smell great and disappear in 20 minutes? Fresh from similar disappointments at other Fragrance Reunions, I held my breath for a second,  then realized that holding one's breath is probably not the best strategy for assessing the reaction of a perfume to how kind or cruel the years have been to that complex, ever-evolving  biochemical Party In My Epidermis.I inhaled. "You haven't changed a bit!" gushed No 5. What a relief! I was able to return the compliment sincerely.The evening was warm, and I just sat and let it continue to look at me for a while. It walked around in a circle, looking thoughtful, a finger on one cheek."Actually," it purred, "You are even more fabulous than ever!"I sniffed. This was true! The aldehydes that some of the young folks perecive as being "old lady," or "chemical," had rushed in, exclaimed a hurried greeting, and dashed off to confuse the neighbor's plump Fluff-Cat, enjoying its nightly role in the tangled pile of catmint we let spread out between a couple of spindly "show roses" specifically for its amusement.Almost immediately, something citrusy - neroli, maybe? - emitted a brief fanfare then stepped aside, and to my surprise, ylang-ylang glided in, one delicate hand draped across the arm of a handsome sandalwood escort."Yes," they nodded to me, then to each other, and then to the air, "we're going steady!"After they had waltzed around for about an hour, sandalwood stepped away to get ylang-ylang some punch, and she leaned over, and whispered to me from behind her fluttering fan, "it's serious."Sure enough, sandalwood returned with the punch, and playfully tossed a cupful into my face. "The same jasmine as always," sandalwood called over his shoulder, as he danced away with ylang-ylang.As they came back around, flushed and laughing, ylang-ylang fluttered her fan again. "You know he spiked it," she confided. "Yeah, with that baby vetiver," I retorted, drawing in a long slow breath, to catch a here-now-gone-now whiff of it. "But you love it anyway," sandalwood winked, and he and his new girlfriend settled down beside me, in a rustle of taffeta, to enjoy the rest of the evening, now and then refilling our punch cups and flicking droplets out into the night, to the delight of the aldehyde-addled Fluff-Cat, who was as enchanted as we all were by the gentle fireflies of something mysterious from a summer garden that twinkled like stars around us.
positive Weeks ago I smelled an extremely expensive parfum (amuage dia) and it reminded me so much of n. 5 chanel. Then I went again to smell what was remaining of my bottle of n. 5 and I realized how good, feminine, clear and deep at the same time this classic is ... And in the past I dismissed it because too many women used it! how wrong I was!
positive It has taken me many tries to appreciate the complexity of this classic scent. Given it as a gift when I reached 40, no other perfume says sophisticated aldehyde like this one. It's the aromatic of classy grandmothers, those former flappers shopping at stately hotel boutiques, and in the basements of expensive department stores.  It's never out of fashion with die hards. It is very difficult to get past the "old lady" first impression of baby powder, alcohol, tuber rose for the first few uses. It feels like a maturity branding, with a hint of golf mornings and mothballed closets. Then, a blast of more youthful peach and orange as it dries down on skin, and then it's like a window opens and night jasmine breezes in for a sweet yet intoxicating finish that forces a return again and again, as if hypnotized, in a determination to reinvent this scent for yourself.  The secret to this classic's success is that while you may be on the fence about it for yourself, kicking and screaming into middle age, it has its desired effect on your partner. For me, it took a dozen wearings to know what it was about. It's about creating a specific mood, and as such I use it sparingly. 
positive What can I say?! N°5 is, and will always be, THE classic.I own the 80s Eau de Parfum, which fits my bombasticpersonality best ... God Bless the House of Chanel!
positive  "Every man alive loves Chanel 5!"
positive Why N5 is still a great perfume after all these years??? Cuz is feminine and soft like a Sunset heaven Talc Powder..Firth of all the Neroli, Ylang Ylang and the lemon make a beautiful combination.. And then the Lily of valley, the rose and jasmine.. is just perfect.. some of the most beautiful flowers..And then the Sandalow, patchulie and vertiver puts a lot of personality to close this fragance, these three elements are strong but combined with all that beautiful flowers make a perfect balance...Chanel N5 smeel like old lady??? I pray to god that my grandmother could smells as well as N°5!!! 
positive My body chemistry has changed a lot. This used to smell shrill and sour to me, but I tried it a few weeks ago, and my head almost exploded trying to comprehend its beauty. Fresh, effervescent, a sun-bleached clean. I'm still getting over how good this stuff is. I get the "classic" thing now, oh yes. I see a few reviews complaining that the fragrance is such an institution that it wears them, and I can see that point of view. But Chanel 5, baby, you can wear me anytime.
positive This is a review for chanel no 5 pure parfum:Absolutely gorgeous fragrance. the first fragrance that actually works on my skin. I tried dozens of perfume and nothing ever works well until i tried no 5 pure parfum. I was skeptical of course because i tried the EDT and EDP version and they didn't work. EDT was awful on me and EDP smelled like toilet cleaner in the beginning although it softens later on. But I heard a review about the pure parfum and i thought i'll give it a go. I had to actually asked the sales person to let me try on the parfum because they don't have them on display. It smelled lovely from beginning till the dry down. My fiance loves it too. He loves to smell me when i wear it. It's a very wearable fragrance.I could actually smell the jasmine in the pure parfum (i can't smell them on EDT or EDP). After few hours, the parfum turns so soft and very lovely. The key is to dab them on the pulse points though. We don't want to smother other people with too much smell.I recently ordered the vintage version (old formula) of no 5 and can't wait to find out the difference!!!
positive The EDT- sparkling aldehydes. lighter ,airy but so beautiful .I don't know why but an image of beautiful cut crystal with sunlight refracting through it, comes to my mind whenever I test and and sniff the EDT . It is joyous and uplifting ,smells glamorous .The EDP - obviously denser, created by Jacques Polge in the 1980s. This version of No.5 has its merits- it still retains the gloriously feminine bewitching No.5 aroma but it has more ylang ylang in it ,on my skin . Although the EDP starts strong it is actually subtle and soft and lasts a good few hours.The Parfum extrait- all the concentrations of No.5 are different animals from each other. The extrait is an animal apart ! It's simply perfection .Just beautifully done classic french perfume. Real perfume.A light fresh start and then I get the most glorious Grasse jasmine which I just have to inhale before its gone . It's extremely well done,well blended perfume- I can only pick out the lovely jasmine in it.  It's warm ,subtle,melds with your skin , deep ,a delicious floral aroma, a little animalistic too .It's not terribly tenacious on me but then again, not much is. It lasts a few hours .Truly wonderful stuff.Honestly , if I can always afford it, I will only ever buy the extrait again, otherwise the EDT will do fine too. There is nothing wrong with the EDP but it's too 80s in style maybe ?? Eau Premiere- I am one of those people who really did not see the need for 'yet another' No.5 version. It's good jus but frankly No.5 was doing pretty well on its own .I don't dislike the jus but I would much rather have the extrait or EDT.I do not know whether the extrait has been reformulated- I know Chanel said something about No.5 not needing reformulation because it already met standards. At this point, it's probably irrelevant. The new extrait I have smells wonderful. I can sincerely enjoy it as No.5 . I know most people know the aroma of No.5 .If you ask the person on the street to think of one perfume- it would probably be No.5 - it is such an institution but I think they have mostly smelt the EDT and EDP on people and in stores. The extrait really is somewhat different. Definitely sample the extrait before you dismiss this perfume as 'old lady' ,'cat's pee' or whatever else, stereotypical, that comes to mind. There is a good reason why this perfume is known as 'le monster' and has endured through so many decades.
positive This is one definitely deserves a spot in the 'wonders of the world' line up.A heavenly classic...a  perfumery legend. 
positive I'm 20 and this is my go-to day time scent. Why? Because, on me, the EDT disappears after 10 minutes hovering very close to my skin. I have to literally have my nose against my wrist to smell it. Only when I sweat do I start smelling really good. Gross? yes. But then, who doesn't want to smell like jasmine and sandalwood and vanilla after they run up 5 flights of stairs? 
positive We cannot have a discussion of No, 5 without memories!  This was the perfume my mother loved, my aunt hated and I have now come to love.  It is so distinct, the essence of elegance and feminity which transcends the generations.  I have a small bottle of pure parfum which has lasted several years.  It is not my signature scent; alas, Chanel is so distinct it puts its signature on the wearer rather than the reverse.  

negative My mother was a great fan of No.5 (also Mitsouko and Joy), but although I grew to love the others I have never been comfortable with No.5, it may be a masterpiece & one of the Greatest Fragrances of All Time but it will never be part of my wardrobe.I have always found the brilliance and strength of the aldehydes like an 'icepick between the eyes', as Luca Turin said of some fragrance he didn't like.  Maybe I'm hyperosmic to aldehydes, as I react in a similar way to other fragrances that have a high aldehyde content (I even find the top note of  31 Rue Cambon a bit headache-inducing, although the drydown is fine) but whatever the reason this one is not for me.
negative I recently gave Chanel #5 a sniff at the local department store. I had high hopes for this because I know how Chanel #5 is regarded. As soon as I sniffed it I became really disappointed because it smelled like an old lady. Chanel Coco Mademoiselle smells really great but this one (Chanel #5) is just horrible. I can't imagine any modern/young lady wearing this stuff let alone paying the retail for it. I rate this one a 2. Even White Diamonds smell better then this.
negative Oh my. I don't know what it is about this perfume.. maybe the aldehydes paired with roses but I can't handle this smell. I know it is classic and I wanted to like it. But every time I smell this, it reminds me of an "old lady". Not classy, just old.So overpowering sweet and aldehydic, just nauseating to me. As much as I adore Coco M, I am complete polar opposite to No 5.

neutral I believe that it takes a very brave person to say they don't like Chanel No.5. Unfortunately all I get from this fragrance is powder and soap. The Chanel sales assistant told me that my skin chemistry went well with this perfume and although I agreed that I enjoyed it to a certain extent, I know I won't be adding No. 5 to my wishlist.

Perhaps it is my young age that makes me dislike most Chanel fragrances, but I respect them for being universally recognised and incredibly popular. This fragrance is very dependant on a person with the right skin chemistry, sophistication, class and maturity. On the wrong person it could be a disaster.


neutral I used to wear No5 during the early 80s, when I thought it was wonderful. Though I usually wore the Parfum strength, I liked the Eau de Cologne (which had a more noticable rose note) for summer. The EDC has now been discontinued, along with some wonderful bath products. Strangely, the EDP (which was released in the UK in the late 80s, at the same time the EDC was discontinued) goes to nothing on me within 20 minutes of putting it on, even though the EDT lasts for a few hours. I have not smelled the Eau Premier, and am not in a great hurry to.No 5 is a strongly aldehydic mixture of rose, jasmine, musk and sprices (not dissimilar to Coty's L'Aiment and Givenchy's L'Interdit); it developed into rich and heavy scent, which I kept for special occasions. It's quite difficult to describe exactly what No5 smells like, as the aldehyde changes the other ingredients drastically. Once smelled though, you'll remember it.Today, though I do not dislike No5, it has not aged well (I feel the last 20 years have not been very kind to No5), and is actually a rather boring fragrance (especially when compared to the largely discontinued No22). Not a fragrance I am likely to buy again.
neutral I actually find it quite boring and passé. It’s like a safe bet. Sure your mother in law will love it, but who wants mother in law approval? I rather misbehave with something more complex and unexpected. 
positive A rather antiquated opening of aldehydes and neroli which doesn't quite score with my nose. While the progression is expectedly complex, NO.5 grows so powdery that I get the impression of being in a cloud of talcum powder. Still I must say this is a sophisticated fragrance which should be experienced from afar because up close, the wrinkles start to show, revealing No.5's true age. But when the drydown appears I find myself eating my own words and appreciating why screen siren Marilyn Monroe wore No.5 exclusively to bed... *** This review is of the parfum, circa 2009 ***
positive I am currently wearing the EDT on one wrist and the EDP on the other. They smell like completely different fragrances on me!EDT: aldehydes and peach sparkle. It takes much longer to get to the drydown than the EDP, seeming like the summer version. I never smell just the heart of the flowers in the EDT-it has quite a zing all the way down. Reminds me of how Le Dix is so aldehyde-y (but with violets). I wore this in high school but I don't remember the peach. The never ending reformulation speculation continues...EDP: My current #5 preference.  This is how rose and jasmine are DONE. The top is much less intense, and is dries down quickly to a lush, slightly sweet, soft floral, with powdery woods.  This is what I imagine fields in Grasse to smell like through an open window in a quaint cottage.  I do not find it "too classy", "old fashioned", "too dressed up", etc.  I could wear this anytime, anywhere and feel lovely.  This scent is ALIVE!  With all of the "new-modern" roses comming out (YSL, D&G) I am hoping that #5 gets revisited.
positive I am currently wearing the EDT on one wrist and the EDP on the other. They smell like completely different fragrances on me!EDT: aldehydes and peach sparkle. It takes much longer to get to the drydown than the EDP, seeming like the summer version. I never smell just the heart of the flowers in the EDT-it has quite a zing all the way down. Reminds me of how Le Dix is so aldehyde-y (but with violets). I wore this in high school but I don't remember the peach. The never ending reformulation speculation continues...EDP: My current #5 preference.  This is how rose and jasmine are DONE. The top is much less intense, and is dries down quickly to a lush, slightly sweet, soft floral, with powdery woods.  This is what I imagine fields in Grasse to smell like through an open window in a quaint cottage.  I do not find it "too classy", "old fashioned", "too dressed up", etc.  I could wear this anytime, anywhere and feel lovely.  This scent is ALIVE!  With all of the "new-modern" roses comming out (YSL, D&G) I am hoping that #5 gets revisited.
positive This is for the EDT formulation, circa 2009:At first spritz I get fantastic aldehydes infused seamlessly with neroli and bergamot. A peach note is there as well. The peach is peachy-fruit, not peachy-sweet/predictable. This is infused with a pleasurable iris note. Beautiful rich Grasse jasmine comes to the fore and lingers and permeates into the woods below.Much later in the dry down I get a friendly and beautifully warm creaminess of sandalwood, vetiver, amber, oak moss, patchouli and nicely done vanilla. There are other things as well but I cannot quite tease them out. I can still detect that beautiful Grasse jasmine. I am really enjoying the character of the base, with the longevity enduring well into the next day. This abstract scent is thoroughly enchanting and never tires.If you are a fan of the Parfum formulation but until now, never understood how the two could smell of such different eras (Parfum 1920s, EDT 1950s/1960s), I strongly recommend a revisit. It’s clear that the EDT has been faithfully restored to the spirit of the original Parfum. I now consider this a long-term keeper.This is for the Parfum formulation:Sharper, richer aldehydes and neroli are immediate and engaging. The heady neroli and aldehyes are infused with a bergamot note. Rich Grasse jasmine begins to gain your attention and increases in richness. The neroli and aldehydes are seeping seamlessly through the jasmine and rose below it. The neroli and iris are still linking throughout.In the dry down I get a similar experience to the current formulation of No 5 EDT (see above) but more tightly structured and richer. There is also a hint of the rich neroli experienced earlier. One difference though is that the longevity of the Parfum formulation on me is fleeting and am left wondering where this enchanting scent has gone. I am grateful that this masterpiece has endured time and fad to be enjoyed today as it was intended.
positive I adored this smell.  My nose isn't very developed yet, so all I can say is that I smell the card with its scent repeatedly. I keep it in my desk at work.  Unfortunately, I could hardly smell it on myself, which makes me so sad. Not worth spending the money if I can't smell it!  Eau Premiere was more noticeable on me, so that's where my money will go.
positive this is a masterpiece... And unforgettable, elegance, classic, sexy fragrance.. if you appreciate good fragrances, so you will like this... a must have, specially for night outs...
positive While No. 5 is not my favorite fragrance, or even my favorite Chanel, I admire the way the slightly fruity aldehydes blends with the florals to float over the powder notes, themselves over soft woods, and possibly a buried hint of leather or warm skin. And while it does not project loudly nor build quickly, the perfume does embrace quite a bit of space over time. Perhaps another hallmark of just how well No. 5 was executed? This is good stuff. As dated as Chanel No. 5 may seem to some, I think it (the perfume at least) truly is suitable for women of nearly any age. Some men may find it easier to wear than some of the more omnisex Guerlains.  
positive This review is going to deal with the Parfum No. 5. I have sampled all the concentration so far - EdT, EdP and Eau Premiere, but I think the true, original formula deserves to be reviewed first.First of all, I am very delighted to possess the parfum. It smells history (whatever this means). I do not intend to write anything ground-breaking about No. 5 since in its nearly 90 years of being everything has been said. I would just like to sum up impressions on it, sort of verification. The parfum opens in a fresh, eau-de-cologne manner but definately thicker!, and I find it very delicious. It is lemony and clean, and since I recently smelled pure oil of ylang-ylang, I can say that there is ylang-ylang too. Not much later the jasmine-rose mix emerges. It is simply fantastic and gets dirtier with time. That is because of the jasmine. I do not know how a Mai rose (the sort used in No. 5) smells, it is said to be lighter than a Bulgarian rose. Going further towards the drydown the parfum gets more filthy. I find this stage at times stunning, at other times I am not very comfortable about it. But this can be the skin chemistry. The only disadvantage for me seems the sillage. After about 3 hours I am not sure whether there is still something of No. 5 on me. Now I would like to say something about the colourful imageries about fragrances, in particular about No. 5. People say it smells of minks, pearls and so on... Well, this is a very personal interpretation, and do not expect, you will be covered with a mink coat after dabbing No. 5. Therefore I support a "neutral" kind of describing a scent. Comparisons with mink are truly amusing, but it does not contribute to your own perception! After all, the juice within the bottle is what counts. And since not many of us have had the opportunity to smell an absolute of Mai rose or real Sandalwood, I find it even more difficult to rely on a particular review. What I can highly appreciate about No. 5 is that it seems to perfectly match the idea of Mlle Chanel - No. 5 is a clean (meaning not cloying) parfum spreading the smell of no particular flower - this blurred smell is due to the aldehydes. The second advantage is the highly acclaimed quality of the ingredients in No. 5. I blindly take it for granted (at this stage) and feel happy about it. Last words - 5 stars for No. 5!
positive I am a big aldehyde lover, and am always very sad that I just can't make No 5 work for me - something in the drydown sours on my skin, particularly in the edt, which I prefer over the edp. The opening of the edt is glorious, and shows why No 5 is such a timeless and iconic classic.  The edt and edp are different fragrances, though still with the characteristic No 5 scent. The edp tends to smell a bit more synthetic than the edt.  I am able to wear the lotion and cream though, which keeps a sublte No 5 aroma without causing the problems in the drydown. Sometimes I layer the No 5 lotion with No 5 eau Premier, which works nicely.  I highly recommend testing to find out which version works best. For me, thankfully, I can at least  wear the eau Premier version which is great in its own right. Unlike others I am not turned off by the fantastic aldehyde opening, but just something in the drydown.
positive If you don't understand the alure of No. 5, try it more than one time. Spray it far away and walk through. (Fresh, just took a shower) Spray right on the wrist and let it dry. (Sweeter, rich ) Dab on the wrist and rub around a bit. (Clean and green) It can be different every way. It took me 4 wearings to understand. Now I love it. EDT.
positive Chanel No. 5 is beautiful, classy, feminine, and sophisticated. It's one of the few fragrances that never feels vulgar. It's never overpowering, out of place, or distracting. On the other hand, you have its age and its popularity with all ages of women. Most men have an aunt, a mother, a grandmother who smelled like this in their youth. No matter how great this perfume smells on you, if you remind him of his mother, the relationship is a no-go. Fortunately my husband didn't have any relatives who wore No. 5 and it's one of his favorites. He can't keep his hands off me when I wear this. I suppose that's the point, but it probably wouldn't be my first choice. It's a little too safe. As I said before, there's nothing wrong with No. 5, but it doesn't excite me. The scent brings to mind a proper socialite wearing the classic Chanel suit with her heirloom pearls. Very classic. Very safe. It's up to you to decide if that's a good thing.
positive My lover was sweet and gorgeous but I was young and foolish and I decided I wanted something more.  I abandoned my lover and started on a series of short affairs: Ma Griffe,   Je Reviens, L’Air du Temps, and a couple of longer-lasting affairs: Ysatis before (I swear) they changed it, and Rive Gauche, for whom I still have very warm feelings.But lately I again wanted something new, exciting, different.  I embarked on a search but modern lovers are shallow, fickle, changeable,  cheap.  So I returned to my first love.  And as soon as I sprayed it on I relaxed. I had come home.  I was loved.  I was myself. I’m sorry, I’m sorry.   I’ll never leave you again, dear, darling, No 5.
positive I got this sample just because it IS such a legendary fragrance, I felt I was obligated to know what it smelled like, especially since aldehydes can't really be compared to anything I would have smelled. First sniff: I'm instantly 4 years old standing in my grandma's bedroom smelling her very slim perfume collection.  I'm smelling something so unfamiliar that my yet-developing senses have firmly established the bond; THIS is what perfume smells like.  Strong, elegant, complex, everything I admired about my very ladylike and exceedingly lovely grandmother.  And the "soap" smell that everyone mentions underscores the whole concept.  This scent is clean, not in a light gentle way, but in a scrubbed-as-only-your-grandmother-would-wash-you kinda way.  The kind of overprotective sanitizing that will remove any and all contaminants with very strong soap, leaving you as respectable as your grandmother can make a very messy 4 year old.  And then she'll beam at your radiant cleanliness and hug you tight, and you realize you smell just like her, in all her glory.
positive A perfect example of sleek, coherent  Art Deco aesthetics in every way. So seemless, polished and smooth that it feels altogether from another world. You really can't add or subtract anything from this. Hype doesn't survive this long.
positive After many wearings it finally happened. I bought a mini of the parfum and the angels trumpeted from the heavens! Okay, a bit of an overstatement, but like a number of others have pointed out, the concentrations are different and the parfum is the charm for me. It's not the aldehydes that made me shy away from other concentrations. I adore them in so many other perfumes, particularly in Chanels. The parfum simply has a richness that smooths everything out. The aldehydes are a bit muted, the floral heart notes seem to blend more thoroughly and the ambery, slightly animalic base is perfectly warm and sensual. 
positive As this is such an iconic fragrance I tried it in my twenties, but it didn't appeal to me.  Then in my mid-twenties, a friend gave me an EdT splash, a large bottle, and although I wore it and tried to like it, the fragrance and my olfactory senses were not compatible so I gave it to my mother.Before my husband and I were married, he came out to join me on holiday in Lindos, Rhodes and in the airport duty free shop debated which fragrance to buy me.  He was advised to buy Chanel No. 5 as "it's a classic".  He didn't think it was quite me and always felt that way until today.  I was recently given a sample of No.5 eau Premiere and I liked it, but it made me want to try the original.  So this afternoon I tried No.5 EdP on my left wrist and No.5 eau Premiere on my right then I did the Pepsi test on my husband.  Initially he preferred the Eau Premiere, but as time wore on and we had walked outside of the mall I asked him to try them again and he & I both preferred the orginal Chanel No.5.There's nothing more I can add to what's already been written about Chanel No.5, it is indeed something I could wear continuously, it's a fragrance that can be worn whatever the weather / season / occasion. On my skin it eventually turns warm and spicy,but as I sniff closer to my wrist there's a hint of green that creeps to the front and grows stronger as I inhale - this is the same scent that is more prevalent in the Eau Premiere.Anyway, on my 36th birthday I finally fell in love with Chanel No.5, long may it last! 
positive Hell has frozen over. I never thought I'd say this, but I love Chanel No. 5. Between reading books on the history of fragrance and reading reviews on Basenotes I am learning a lot and that has been instrumental in opening my mind (and my nose ) up to things. I was always puzzled by the populatity of Chanel No. 5, but I didn't want to give up on it. Periodically I would go to my perfume stash over the years and spritz on some Ch5 from the refillable EDT atomizer my mother had given me years ago, and each and every time, the opening blast of aldehydes would repell me and I would run to scrub it off. Then about a month ago I deceided I was going to get to the bottom of this Ch5 thing once and for all by trying various strengths and vintages of the scent. I already had the EDT (from the early 1990's), then discovered I had an EDP (new) strength among my many perfume samples. All I needed now was a vintage pure parfum. I managed to get my hands on a half of a half oz. vintage bottle (from the 50's judging from the stopper' shape). From what I read, it was Chanel's intent to have a perfume that did not smell like any particular flower or any other immediately recognizable thing. She desired something that was more of an abstract scent, free of perconceived associations, something that was it's own thing. As a painter I immediately understood that and proceeded to test all 3 versions of the scent with that in mind. I started with the EDT which I had had the longest. This time I waited patiently for the strongly aldehydic phase to wear away and was surprised to discover subtle leathery and animalic notes (does anyone else get that leather note?), that I absolutely love, in the drydown. Wow!. Next I tried the newer EDP. Interestingly, I detected a slight "fruity" note leaving me to wonder if this newest version had been slightly reformulated to satisfy the trend for scents with fruit notes. Last, I tried the pure parfum. That's the one that did it fro me. I don't know if time has mellowed the blast of aldehydes, or what, I just know that this version is beautiful from start to finish. The notes are blended so well that I can't single anything out. It is just it's own beautiful thing that changes and surprises me the whole time I'm wearing it. I love layering the EDT with the pure parfum. Not surprising, the new EDP is my least favorite of the three. I understand now why Marilyn Monroe would wear Ch5 to bed: when you smell your wrist in the morning, there are no words to describe how pretty that last faint trace of this scent is. There is nothing "old lady" about this as far as I'm concerned. In fact, I have no idea of what certain reviewers mean when they describe something as smelling of "old lady" and even though I'm not an old lady, I still find it limited and insulting. Do they mean smelling of a "classic scent"? Because that's the way I take it. I know that when some one says this about a scent, they mean it as a negative. However, I take it as a positive, and a cue that the scent they are describing is probably as far from a cheap, trendy, Paris Hilton or Britney Spears tooty-fruity gourmand as you can get.I can now see why Ch5 has been around for almost 90 years and will probably be around for 90 more. Thanks Basenoters for helping me to discover this gem!
positive Just a few drops of Chanel No.5...It is all you need.  
positive I could not resist getting this classic. I purchased a mini of the parfum after watching the Chanel bio-pic that was on a few months ago. I've always been drawn to Chanel's philsophy "simplicity is elegance". No. 5 does just that. A simple and elegant baby powder floral.  I actually wore this on my skin, dry men's skin, and it smells wonderful. Some would say "old lady" just because now the elderly wear it because they wore it when they were teenagers! Teenagers now can wear it but I suppose they are too used to dousing themselves in perfume to understand only a dab of No. 5 is all you need. If you smell it directly from the bottle or from the atomizer on a sprayer, you do not get anything as remarkable as you would on skin.Beautiful and timeless.
positive My mom and my dad's cousin used to wear this incessantly as I was growing up.  I hated it and thought it smelled totally over-the-hill.  In my early twenties, I launched a full scale offensive that ultimately got my mother into more "up-to-date" perfumes.  I'm now on the wrong side of thirty-five and recently smelled No. 5 again.  I found myself saying, "Y'know, this isn't half bad..."    I'm officially old.
positive No.5 EDT and No.5 Eau Premiere Comparison (see No.5 Eau Premiere for an extended review which includes more about EP)Left arm: Chanel No.5 Eau PremiereRight arm: Chanel No.5 EDTI own No.5, and received a healthy sized sample of Eau Premiere from the SA at Macy's. My No.5 is relatively new, so I am sure it is the latest formulation.Upon initial application, the main distinction seems to be a vast difference in the amount of aldehydes. The Eau Premiere does have a bit of waxyness (which I am sure is also from aldehydes), but it is not the extreme level that No.5 has. Also, since the aldehydic blast is less severe in EP, some fruit and floral notes are a bit more apparent.About 10 minutes in...the aldehydes have mostly burned off in the No.5 and are now down to a more approachable level, and ironically is less waxy than EP. The peach and white floral are coming through, along with a hint of spicyness. I cannot detect any peach in the EP. Right now it smells like a rather straight white floral with a hint of spice, and the waxy aldehyde still present. It definitely smells more "clean and modern", but so far is not as interesting as No.5. I am wondering if this really is just a No.5 without the aldehydes--any real differences are incredibly subtle.About 30 minutes in...the No.5 has settled into its typical peach, floral, spicy skin scent (beautiful, as always). The EP still is a bit waxy, but the spicyness is coming through more. I still do not smell any peach, but rather a rubbery synthetic note (latex-like), and some light powder.It will be interesting to see how these two wear on through the day. I can see that I might want a FB of the Eau Premiere, especially if it has decent longevity. It is definitely very "wearable". I am just not sure it has the same classic beauty of the original No.5. And owning a bottle of No.5 means I may have less of a sense of urgency about owning the EP.
positive There is a reason this is a classic. It's not inaccessible in any way. It's lovely & light yet rich & classy. Men adore it. Women want to be your friend when you wear it. & it only gets better as time goes on. It's perfect for work....& it's Chanel!Don't make the beginners mistake of smelling this out of the bottle or even on paper. It won't give you a migraine; just spray it right on your arm.

negative I really don't know how this managed to be this elevated gem, this oh so celebrated equivalent of class and all things beatutiful and high culture.It REEKS of old people and urine. This is the smell that lingers on crazy cat ladies when they go to but their cats' canned food. Maybe it's the aldehydes, i don't know, but it assaults my nose so rudely and even leaves sour aftertaste in my mouth, just from smelling it.This is so vile and offensive and suffocating even the smallest drop will sink into you, your clothes, your furniture, your car and everyone around you too, for good measure, and will stay there for several days. If you like this, by all means be my guest. Just don't come near me.
negative I sooo wanted to like this perfume but unfortunately it's way too plastic and synthetic smelling for me. It reminds me of the smell of old plastic lawn chairs left out in the sun too long. The flowery notes are too brief and I can not detect any woodiness at all.
negative All I can smell is bug spray.  Like the exterminator was just here.  For four hours straight, in the pure parfum concentration.  Please don't let this stop you from trying from trying this classic scent.  But if you do smell bug spray or any other weirdness, try Guerlain's Liu.  It's a beautiful floral aldehyde that's not from the House of Chanel.  Not that I'm hating!  Cuir de Russie is beautiful.  Just not No. 5.  Not to me, anyway.

neutral This smells like my grandma, which is okay, but I would never wear it myself. The good news is that it is long lasting!
neutral Loved it when I was in college, but now it no longer suits me. It is very complex, with many notes.  I love the scent when it comes from the bottle, but not on my skin. 
neutral My mom got this as a present and she is (thankfully, for me) allegic to fragrance - they make her head spin, she says. So I gladly took this one from her. Well, that's the good part. The bad part is I didn't like it. I wanted to like it. After all it is Chanel No. 5. The Classic. The Timeless. But why??? I didn't hate it, but I didn't see what I was supposed to like, either. To me it was just a strong, aldehyde fragrance. And I do not even like the word aldehyde. Doesn't it sound (and smell) artificial? If you must try it once in your life - if you just can't pass up on that fame - get the smallest bottle you can find. 
neutral When I turn 50, I will wear this everyday.It just smells too "old lady" for me currently.
neutral Ah Chanel No. 5...I so much wanted to hate this, to just pan it, give it a great big thumbs down.  Chanel is just so boring.  I knew this fragrance wouldn't suit me from the get go, knew this innately before I ever even smelled it.  Ergo, this is my first review of something I sampled that I knew just had no possibility of ever being in my wardrobe.  I brought a decant of EdP home last night, and as my husband and I smelled it straight from the vial, we were both reminded of every octogenarian's home we'd ever been in.  I applied it to my skin for the first time this morning.I'll start by mentioning the aldehydes, which I actually kind of like.  They're kind of cool and interesting, and I was disappointed when they left and their replacements gave me a headache for half an hour.  Even so, this headache-inducing middle is pretty.  There's this thing I couldn't put my finger on, kept sniffing my wrist trying to get it and irritated that it was eluding me, when it hit me-- soap.  Just like everyone else got.  Not bad soap, but soap, nonetheless.  Why?  Why does this legendary, classic, timeless work of art in a bottle smell like soap??!?  Please.  It lasted two and a half hours at best on my skin, but I can't say I hated it.  It was fine.  Headache not withstanding, it is pleasant and pretty.  Second application of the day conjures up that pink Johnson & Johnson baby lotion.  Nice, clean, unobtrusive, uninteresting.  And I have to ask-- if it wasn't Chanel, would anyone care?
positive Not overly fruity.  Lively pink pepper, floral-like smell.  A wintry vibe.  A pretty, gentle layer of patchouli and frankincense.  A touch of foody spice.  Light wood.  Overall this would make a great holiday, candle scent.  No one note really shines, for me.  Smells rather "mainstream" but I enjoy it for some reason.  Not extraordinary enough to warrant such a high price.
positive Excellent uniting of a myriad of thoughtfully selected fragrance notes! 

Jo Malone's Pomegranate Noir includes:
Top = raspberry, pomegranate, plum, rhuburb, watermelon;  
Heart = lily-of-the-valley, jasmine, rose, pink pepper, clove, olibanum resin (frankincense), opoponax resin (sweet brown myrrh), guaiac wood;
Base = virginia cedar, patchouli, musk, amber.

The meshing of exotic edible and non-edible fragrant notes  yield a scent full of woody, fruity, resinous and spicy accords. It's rich, pungent, powdery, dark, and has a "mature" quality to it which younger wearers may not connect easily with.

Both men and women can enjoy this deep fragrance especially during cooler weather and for informal occasions. Longevity is great, and sillage is nice!

Enthusiastic thumbs up for this masterpiece! 
positive CdG Fructose
Tom Ford Black Pepper Berry
Terre d'Her Fruitchouli
positive Best Perfume Ever. Period. Usually don't care for woodsy notes and especially mixed with fruit but this one is great and lasts for several hours. Wear it almost every day.
positive My introduction to Pomegranate Noir came through a charming man arriving for a pre-theatre get together wearing it and within minutes being surrounded by the assembled company telling him how nice he smelled. The charming man, being a charming man, was somewhat embarrassed by this reaction and got all self-conscious. 
So, compliment hunters, this may be one to try – it projects well and has an oozy, spicy-woody warmth with plenty of the sweets.
Wearing it myself, I find myself transported back to that evening, but that is of no help to you dear reader. So let’s describe a little of what happens when you depress that sprayer. A quick burst of juicy fruity notes – sour-sweet pomegranate and luscious perfumery plums – marks the top, perhaps enough to justify the name, but they recede to the fringes in no time to make way for the deep accord that is the main event. Whatever combination of woody aromachemicals were used in this one, they sure got it right – that woody base is sweet but chewy, with gourmand enticements to tempt you into biting the wearer. Spices like clove and cinnamon (initially heavy but then settling in the mix), hints of smoky incense and dark patchouli round things out. It smells instantly familiar but you will be hard pressed to find another perfume resembling it. Has a delicious mouldiness lurking in the depths which flatters that woody base no end. Sensual without coming across all glandular. 
There’s an instant gratification aspect to Pomegranate Noir that can cross the line into the unsubtle – and it can tire over the long run. But wear it with discretion and walk on that heavenly perfumed cloud.     


positive Complex, sweet, addictive...

This is such a deep and complex one. It's polarising too, as not everyone will like this I think. I personally received a bad compliment from it, but I don't really care, I like it too much!

The overwhelming notes here are cloves and fruits, mainly plum and pomegranate. I would describe this as a "dry" fragrance. It's not juicy fruit you are dealing with but dried berries. Like the smell of goji berries, if you have ever tried them. The smell reminds me of that.

So I get berries and dark fruits, mixed with incense and clove smoke. Like the smell of menthol or clove cigarettes actually. It is very mysterious. I like it.

I wouldn't recommend wearing it in any high heat, as it's very medicinal in some aspects and can come across as a little harsh and/or "weird". But again, I believe that every fragrance has a time and a place so... I will continue to wear it.

To me this is a love or hate. I love it, but try before you buy. This has a very "unique" smell so if you are looking for a smell which no one else will have, go for this. I would also say that pomegranate is a note I rarely see used in perfumery, and for <i>Jo Malone</i> to pair it up with cloves and incense offers a delicious, interesting twist on it all. I really like it, and the longevity is so good, at least six or seven hours. For an eau de cologne concentration (supposedly) this is quite a feat. Try it if you are looking for something different.

positive Talk about SMOKEY, SEDUCTIVE, AND EASILY WORN. (THE BATH OIL... WOW!)

No need for resin, or tobacco to spice up your fall fragrances. Pomegranate Noir won it over for me once I tried it on my skin accompanied with that fantastic body cream. The spice really tapers around the fruity accents, but really rolls off woody once the bass notes are around to rock it out for the rest of the trip.

The Pomegranate Noir Chronicle Set (Get it, it's wonderful!) includes 3 outside fragrances that are within the Pom. Noir fragrance itself. Such as, Raspberry (very light and tart) the Casablanca Lilly (classy, with a kick of a seasoned floral) and finally the Guacaia Wood (as if you've plucked a strip of the bark off... ah!) The set allows you to accent the Pom. Noir in many ways, and I have so much fun even using them in my other fragrances.

Unisex is the way to go, after all.. a smell is a smell, and it's best to be told "You smell great! ..what is that?" rather than.. "That Angel smells divine on you." -for all those gourmand lovers.


positive Pomegranate starts of, with patchouli added after a few moments.  Later a spicy and light peppery component is added, which after about half an hour becomes prominent without ever losing a touch of freshness in the drydown. The change from the top note to the darker tone is accompanied by occasional green elements.  This is an interesting fragrance, with decent silage and projection and a good longevity of four hours on me. One of the more remarkable Jo Malone creations. 
positive Pomegranate and a zing of pepper — not too sweet.

Since I'm not a fan of fruits, I layer this with the sweet, powdery, light spice of JM Ginger and Nutmeg. It makes for a gorgeous mix, more complex, less gourmand and spice than incense.
positive I get a bit of fruit for about 30 seconds, and then (strangely, as it's not listed in the fragrance profile) tons and tons of cloves. About 10-15 minutes later, I get a strong cedar/fir scent underlying the cloves. Eventually, the dry-down becomes a mix of cedar and nutmeg (some of my favorite parts of a typical men's cypher) that keeps me sniffing at my wrist for more. The scent really changes drastically over the time that you wear, and lasts 10-12 hours, although is nearly unrecognizable from when you first put it on. Still, I like it. 
positive I recently tried a sample of this scent and really like it.  
On me it smells warm, deep, exotic and yet powdery.  The scent lasts a long time.  

Planning to get some to alternate with Fig for winter months. 
My favorite is still Orange Blossom layered with Red Roses.  
positive As my introduction to Jo Malone, I received this as a gift from a relative of mine, after finding the fragrance completely bewitching on her.  This is a very elegant, beautifully crafted scent that smells as expensive as the price tag indicates.  It is definitely fruity, but not a fresh, crisp fruity - more like a carefully aged pomegranate liqueur.  The warm, spicy notes of pink pepper, patchouli, frankincense, and woods do remind me of potpourri, but not in a bad way.  Even with all of these earthier notes, the fragrance still smells clean somehow, and not too heavy or sickening, as one might expect.  Although this is designed to be combined with other Jo Malone scents, it's still a beautiful, sultry, and complex fragrance on it's own, and I have yet to smell anything like it.  The staying power is also outstanding - better than any perfume I have ever tried, high-end or low-end.  I have sprayed just a little bit of this on my neck and have still been able to smell it several days later without having to reapply.  

That being said, I can understand why many people would not care for this fragrance.  I am more partial to the fresher scents myself for everyday wear, but the occasional spritz of this (a little goes a long way) is still an intriguing and sexy delight.   
positive Good evening scent. Can be very over powering if over done but if delicately done it lasts well and smells great.
positive   Wow! just wow! I'm speachless.. I'm smitten! My review could actually end right here... well ok let me explain a little more why am I so thrilled. Pomegranate Noir is the same kind of a case as Black Vetyver Cafe. For a long time I was rather not getting myself into trying more of the Jo Malones, and that's because of my horrible experience with Lime Basis & Mandarin which was a total scrubber, a horrible harsh bunch of herbs with an absolute zeroof the promised juicy mandarin... ok but it's not about the Lime Basil & Mandarin right now, it's about Pomegranate Noir. I thought all "colognes" were suppost to be Demeter-like-type. Too linear, with not enough "ooomph" and just bland. God, Pomegranate Noir is everything but bland and linear. When I first spirtzed it on my skin, my senses were awakaned. I love, LOVE, LOOOVE incense/frankincense. Pomegranate Noir has a HUGE kick of frankincense. If you are not an incense type of a person - STAY FAR, FAR AWAY. It is more incensy and rich than my beloved CdG incense series! Is that even possible? Well, yeah! Now I know it is. The incense rather dry and very potpourri-like. The pomegranate note is just the biggest mystery for me here. It adds just a touch of ripe fruitiness to the whole composition. 

  I asked my boyfriend to smell my wrist. Now he loves the more feminine & romantic kind of perfumes on me. His opiniom? "Ummm.... ummm!!" I was like: "Sooooo...?" His reply: "if you smell like this... there is only one place I wanna take you to, actually we are actually already here... our bedroom...". After an exciting hour of love-making he told me this smells like pure, raw, primitive sex to him! He told me it's the most sexual fragrance one could ever pull off. Red silk dress? Yes, but ript off of the skin in a very primitive act. Believe me I've tried many incense fragrances... none of them have that much "oooomph". Pomegranate Noir isn't softened by anything. It's so dry, raw that not anyone will be able to pull that one off. Even the slight pomegranate note seems to enhance it's rawness and adds a "kinky" touch to it, rather than softens it. It's the hardcore perfumery exposed in it's more exciting state.
positive I'm on my second bottle of this. My favourite Jo Malone perfume and my second favourite perfume altogether. It's a floral but a dark one and I mean that in the best way possible. Those type of perfumes tend to be what I love in a scent so this is why it suits me wonderfully. Masculine and feminine notes working in harmony which is why this one makes it hard to explain ; the notes all balance each other out so it's hard to pinpoint the prominent feature. All I know is that I love it and I have no doubt I'll be buying it again.
positive Almost hypnotic and almost cloying, almost overwhelming and almost too sweet, this fragrance is sudden and wanton and reminiscent of smelling something in flower - something breath-taking and beautiful one hot, summer's night.  And whilst it's almost too matter-of-fact in its linearity, the shades and tones that rise and fall as it fades are quite lovely - spice and wood and that almost pungently sweet raspberry cordial.  I think it best worn on one's stomach to allow its presence to inveigle itself as a kind of miasma wafting about one.  This fragrance is best applied very, very frugally.  It is one of those that people will crane forward to enjoy but, recoil from with equal vigour when over used.

negative This starts off with a whiff of watery fruit - not sweet I might add, but a rich and slightly sour pomegranate/plum with a somewhat medicinal spice hovering in the background. Within 15 minutes the fruit dissipated and the spice made a huge and melodramatic entrance. That makes it sound very exciting, doesn't it? Well unfortunately the warm medicinal spice smells like embrocation on me - a smell I do actually enjoy, but I would never consider wearing it deliberately. Too many associations with sprained ankles, sore backs and other injuries. It does have quite a kick - this is not a skin scent and despite giving my wrist a good hard scrub it remained firmly in place several hours later when the ghost of that fruity opening reappeared, this time in rather sickly fashion. The extreme drydown is mentholated patchouli. I don't know if my skin ruined this fragrance or if I just don't like it, so I'll give it a neutral to be diplomatic. *Edit* One night, two showers and several fits of frantic scrubbing and I still smell quite strongly of embrocation. Just when I think it's worn off, I suddenly become redolent of eau de sports-injury all over again. I could get a similar effect by smearing myself in Tiger Balm, plus Tiger Balm is considerably cheaper and genuinely medicinal. To hell with diplomacy, this one's a scrubber.
negative When I first put this on, I could distinctly smell the pomegranate, and a woody note. It was okay, but very weak, and then it was gone. Many scents don't last long on me, but this one disappears almost immediately.
negative I sprayed while getting dressed this morning, and at first picked out some fruit and a very soft patchouli. I thought to myself, this one might be a Jo Malone that I actually like. 

Then about 10 min in it started to change. I got a distint impression of Noxema from the 70's. Is that menthol? Camphor? Eucalyptas? Regardless, I took my son to kindergarten today feeling like those around me thought I may have some skin condition I was medicating. 

So now I am about an hour and a half in, and though that medicated smell is still half present, the fruit is kind of starting to peek through. All in all it's not an unpleasant smell, but not one I want to smell like. I have tried a few Jo malone's and as of yet I don't understand the hype or the hefty price tag. 


negative 'Crikey, there's one helluva stench of Ajax or Vim in here' exclaimed my new best friend. And the scales fell from my eyes. Having no wish to smell like someone who cleans their own bath ( even though this is the case), I no longer wear this scent.
negative I've never been quite sure about Jo Malone fragrances - I can appreciate Lime, Basil & Mandarin whilst not wanting to wear it myself, whilst Red Roses would be a wonderful parfum d'ambience (pity they don't do a candle yet) so I wandered into one of her shops to try a few of the others, PN was recommended by a friend so I started there. The shops themselves are a hedonistic delight; cool clean decor, elegant packaging, and always a lovely scented candle in the background - mmm, maybe that's not such a bright idea when you're trying to choose a fragrance - however PN wasn't bad, so I put a spritz of that on one wrist and another of French Lime Blossom on the other and carried on down Bond St. Half an hour later PN was doing OK, a bit fruity & not as elegant as I had expected from the description but I was willing to give it a B+, probably not for me but I didn't think I would give it a thumbs-down. By the end of the afternoon I was desperate to get back home & have a shower.This is probably the ideal perfume if you need to diet (it certainly put me off my food) or need to keep the rest of the world at bay. The drydown is superb (if you really want to smell like that) but the sour, overripe fruity, sweaty smell was definitely the stuff of dreams - remember some of your dreams?
negative I envisioned a holiday-type scent, vibrant and sparkling, but all I can get out of this concoction is patchouli (which I abhor) and so this is a scrubber for me as well.  
negative This was my sister's siganture perfume till I got her Honeysuckle and Jasmine..why ? - because honestly this smells firstly like tart fruit and then later -  sour fruit and sour sweat in a combo . The longevity is quite impressive so eau de fruit-sweat followed my sister everywhere.  Truly dire stuff. 
negative An overpowering potpourri fragrance. For a short while I actually didnt mind this fragrance, when there were only a few beings wearing it, now I cant go anywhere without my nasal passage being assaulted by this clawing raspberry, pomegranate and pepper scent. This is the kind of 'room scent' I imagine witches would use to camouflage the smell of rotten frogs legs. It gives off hues of auburn and earthy reds in the imagination. This said I imagine the candle form of this fragrance would be lovely during the festive season. If it weren't for the elitist image of Jo Malone this fragrance would die a very quick death, or at least I hope it would. For a well blended pomegranate fragrance try Annick Goutal Quel Amour or Dior's Addict 2.
negative I feel like an ignoramus from a different planet when I read most of the reviews of this fragrance.  (But as far as I know only the first part is true.)  For me Pomegranate Noir is truly awful!  JM categorises it as a “fruity” fragrance and if I am very quick there is a nondescript fruity smell initially – though not resembling any pomegranate I have ever known.  But that is entirely irrelevant as it is completely overwhelmed by a dreadful, chemical pong sickeningly reminiscent of industrial strength antiseptic.  To make matters worse it’s the type of smell that gets stuck in your nose and feels as if it has bound itself to your nasal mucous.  And it lasts!  And lasts and lasts.  It is still evident after 24 hours and doesn't wash off easily.  I thought that maybe I just didn’t “get it” until my partner complained about the stench and begged me not to wear it again.  I bought it as part of the combining coffret and have tried combining it without success; that overwhelming chemical odour just overpowers everything.  We’re trying it as a toilet spray in our guest loo now at the risk of making out guests gag.  Let’s see what reaction it gets...  Update: What fresh hell is this?!  Someone has sprayed this in the vicinity of the downstairs loo.  It is now 7 hours later and the noxious smell still lingers in a pernicious pall.  That's it: I will have to trash this.  But am not sure how - it must surely constitute a chemical hazard! 

neutral Every year retailers put out Christmas decorations and merchandise earlier and earlier.  Walking through the fragrance section at Saks the day after Halloween, I smelled this wonderful holiday smell as I noticed the store was already decorated for Christmas.  The smell turned out to be a Jo Malone candle of Pomegranate Noir.  Being curious I noticed the line included a PN fragrance, so I gave it a spray to the wrist.  Right on queue, I got the same spiced fruit scent that I had detected in the shop candle.  To describe the fragrance, it's simply a holiday spice fruit that isn't gourmand or overly sweet, so it's ultimately wearable.  There's a little bit of wood and patchouli underneath, but it's fairly light.  I could detect it close to my skin for about 4 hours.  Nice, but not exactly my style, so a neutral and a pass for me.
neutral On my skin this opens with pungent fruit and spice (mainly clove). I like this part, it's almost a medicinal scent.
Unfortunately it soon dries down to a syrupy sweet fruity note minus the clove and remains there.

neutral Genre: Woods

Pepper and fruit - is it the mutant offspring of Piper Nigrum and Millesime Imperial? No, not with that transparent incense and dark leather drydown. No mentholated cold remedy here for me; just a series of novel accords that keep me guessing right the way through. 

I have to agree with Qaurry: this ranks with Cuir d'Oranger as one of the most pleasant fragrance surprises I've had in quite some time. Unisex in my opinion, and though it's not long lasting (4 hours tops) it is surprisingly potent for a cologne strength fragrance. I suppose I'll have to buy some in the fall...

...Six months later: my initial enjoyment of this scent has faded. I've come to find it overbearing and oppressive. While its novelty is undeniable, I don't like the mood it puts me in.

neutral I used to love this and wear all the time and then an ex boyfriend of mine when we were dining out said lets move i can smell the disinfectant from the loo.........then realising when we had moved it was this perfume.... he was dumped and i have never worn it since but did love it!!
neutral Really dark or better "incensey noir". This fragrance doesn't introduce the kind of accords i use to love and before testing it i tended to figure that the  smell could  be to much fruity or like fruity candy's juice full of colorants. Thanks God it doesn't happen with this concoction that is finally centralized on the main notes of frankincense, pepper and patchouli with some fruity aftertastes in the middle of the mist.  Obviously the initial fruity accord of plums, pomegranate and wild berries turns out slightly viney and a  bit crude but the intromission of dark patchouli, pepper, nutmeg and incense produces since the beginning a sort of enigmatic, medicinal, aromatic and dusty aroma that with the walk of time slides towards a more balanced woodiness with some edible fruity aftertastes swirling around. The outcome is something meditative and slightly ancestral.
positive Love ...LOVE ...LOVE....reminds me of christmas??...must be the frankincense...and the woody smell....truly a great scent for fall/winter...i layer this with d/g "the one"....3 d/g to 1 j/m pom noir.
positive The only fruity fragrance I can wear without smelling like a farmer's market stall gone wrong.  Aside from the quality of any Jo Malone fragrance, it has to be the combination of the peppers and pomegranate with the other spicy elements.  It manages to smell sweet, clean, earthy, spicy, warm and just... delicious... without smelling over the top gourmand.  Lovely!
positive Finally a perfume that sort of resembles Jungle, L'Elephant by Kenzo which I adore; its absolutely unique. BUT Jungle is very hard to find & I sense it will be discontinued soon. So Pom' Noir would be my next choice.Hildy
positive I like this one a lot. I think it is very, very similar to Sequoia by Comme des Garcons. But I like this one a bit better because it is slightly sharper, and it has overall more volume to it. Pomegranate Noir is very linear scent without any depth. That’s okay; it smells very good and that’s it.PN is a simple and wonderful story of red fruits and woods. Indeed, it smells very red woody – just like Sequoia. Warm, fruity and slightly spicy medicinal (clove). Sweet and a tad bitter. Little bit boozy, too.I keep thinking my late grandfathers garden which was filled up with different kind of apple trees, plum trees, raspberry and other berry bushes; red currants, black currants, gooseberries... All very ripe, sweet and warmed by sunlight. Hedge full of waxy and bitter leaves gives its own distant shade.Pomegranate Noir is very long lasting. If you find sweet, dark and fruity scent with woods intriguing, then this is a must try.
positive Warm and wearable and lasts for ages superb lasting power on my skin, Its more of a winter scent and the 30ml bottle is perfect for travels.
positive This is delightful.  A warm and spicy red fruit scent, opening with a terrific waft of clove and citrus.  It reminds me of those homemade orange pomander balls studded with cloves, the ones that you place in your closet to make it smell good.  After the opening of clove and spice, the fruit emerges, including a fermented, wine-y note that hovers over a base that's woody, sharp and dry. Very nice, very grown-up, NOIR most definitely! Love this.
positive The official story says that Jo Malone was insired by a friend wearing a red dress to create this scent. Fact: It is the most masculine JM. Even her Vetiver is more difficult to be warn by a man.Everybody comments on how well it transfers the smell of pomegrenates in a bottle.Fact: pomegrenate doesn't smell to me. Not even a light herbal smell. This is why I hat it.Having said that I urge you to try this perfume as it is the most vibrant, inexplicable perfume I have ever warn. It manages to accomadate completely conflicting notes, and keep them side by side until the deepest of drydowns. First I get hit by a brief burst of melon, then an almost violent burst if campphor, followed by the sweetes cloves you' ve evers smelled. And then all the other ingredients that others have reported but I cannot separate. But what is most intriguing is that it lasts for hours and during the whole time you can inhale on your wrist and still be able to smell ALL the notes you have smelled during the progression of the fragrance. a truely amazing accomplishment. The only negative comment is that it feels sort of like a megalith. Sometimes I feel overpowered by it and I have to abandon it for several months in order to fully appreciate it again.
positive I'm a fan of scents in the wood/spice/musk family and Pomegranate Noir is a fine one. The fruit note makes it a lighter alternative to my other, heavier scents in the wood/spice family.
positive A great mixer. So this is a real nice fruity/smoky scent on it's own but the best thing to do with this is spray it on top of one of your other scents. It starts out sweet, very sweet to me but if you spray it on say an amber or woory scent it takes on the other scent and adds a real nice layer to it. It's one that people always ask me what I have on when I'm wearing it . 
positive Revised review
I hadn’t thought I would like it.  I assumed that it would be very berry/fruity.  Although not bottle-worthy for me, I always find it intriguing.  The scent has been called "enigmatic" and I agree.
The fruit notes start as bright, pleasant, natural, juicy, and not at all faux-synthetic.  Later, they become subtle, dry and complex.  Spices tingle in the background.  The patchouli emerges -- at times earthy-brown, at times metallic, at times tangy (all typical traits).  The scent settles into a nice incense-wood vibe.


positive This is a beautiful fragrance - dark and fruity - its good for mixing with non complex - I like it with Armand Basi Hiomme and with Taylor's of Bond St Sandalwood Cologne.  The dry down is nice on this and it lingers in the background.
positive I vaguely remembered that in Greek mythology, poor Persephone had something to do with pomegranates. But did you know that in Exodus the High Priest had images of pomegranetes woven into his robe? That Leonardo and Boticelli featured pomegranates in their Madonna and Infant paintings? That the Qu'ran mentions pomegranates will be  in Paradise?  Or that some Hebrew scholars speculate that the pomegranate was the forbidden fruit in The Garden of Eden?No? It's OK, neither did I.  I looked it up in Wikipedia.Be forewarned though, according to the same: "The pomegranate also evoked the presence of the Aegean Triple Goddess who evolved into the Olympian Hera, who is sometimes represented offering the pomegranate. "So reviewers, myself included, better watch what we say---one diety you do NOT want to piss off  is The Triple Moon Goddess.How does Jo's offering stack up? Longevity is very good. I could still smell it on my skin 9 hours later. This is a   linear scent, so be certain you like it--as you'll be stuck with it for 9+ hours.Sophisticated and unusual. However now that some time has passed I concur with Vibert--it no longer puts me in a good mood, either. Furthermore, I believe women can be better served by this one. The Bride in Kill Bill immediately comes to mind.M.
positive at the beginning, this smells exactly like cheap little cinnamon red hot candies.  and I love it!
positive Soothing plums guide frankincense and patchouli into a field of tangy pomegranate and blushing raspberries; who chime in with their own tartness and special zing. With exquisite depth, the pomegranate unravels to feature a myriad of scents; each reminiscent of something great. Dark cherry and cinnamon with dried leaves and sweet scarlet roses and a dash of honey-sweetness are just two of the multitude of creations that this wonderful fragrance can induce visions of. The pomegranate notes become apparent as fighters; as the scent settles on your skin and dries down, the pomegranate still lives and remains the top note. However, that doesn't mean that it dominates the scent and disallows a proper development; rather, the pomegranate allows a generous amount of woods to bleed through, while whoring the bitter notes. There is not much sweetness here, even with the influence of frankincense and raspberries. Rather than sweetening the scent as a whole, they serve to bite out the severe bitterness that such a strong pomegranate carries. Even with the presence of patchouli, containing this particular note of pomegranate is hard, but very well done -- the result is something that's shy of being bitter, but not bland. The fact that pomegranate is showcased here could have resulted in the scent being very linear and bland, but the design and structure of this scent is so well-done and rugged, that there is no room to think that it is merely pomegranate.The drydown is, by far, the most unbelievable of any fragrance I have ever smelled. In fact, I wore this scent four different times in one day just to relive that experience. The pomegranate dies out, and patchouli, frankincense, and a touch of raspberry are left to work wonders on your nose. I almost sense some transparent rose notes; that may just be the earthy patchouli feeding the raspberry and playing even more tricks on my nose though. Regardless of what it is, the beauty of this lies in the fact that it can be so much to your nose... no two drydowns will be the same. I understand, though, that Pomegranate Noir is not everyone's cup of t-- err, bottle of fragrance, so therefore I will leave you with a metaphor: Pomegranate Noir is the ugliest girl in the world, with the most beautiful personality. You pick your poison. No scent is perfect, and few are daring and bold as this one is. A manly composition of pomegranate and sweet fruits is done justice by Jo Malone.Overall rating: 10/10: Yet another high-quality composition we see here; the originality and the amount of effort put into this fragrance is superior to damn near every scent I have smelled.
positive I like this by itself but layer it with a tuberose or gardenia and it becomes even better. This lasts nicely all day on me. No camphor here.
positive Top notes :  Pomegranate, Pink Pepper, Raspberry   Middle notes : Plum, opopanax, frankincense   Base notes :  Patchouli, Musk, Spicy Woods  The inspiration for Pomegranate Noir (PN) came to Jo Malone after she saw one of her friends dressed up in a red silk dress at a middle eastern hookah party all the while stuffing dollar bills in her cleavage. I have enjoyed the simple uncluttered soliflores of the Jo Malone line so the "Noir/Dark" label of this fragrance made me wonder if Malone was going all Lutens on us.I shouldn't have worried. PN opens with a perplexing accord. Its sweet, lush and minty....and for a moment, does smell like Vicks vaporub except that there's a plummy fruity aroma enveloping this "vicks" accord. I am intrigued by how this minty fresh smell is engineered .. I don't see cloves listed in the notes pyramid, so the only explanation I can come up with is that PN is probably employing a variety of frankincense that is higher in its camphor (moth ball smell) content than the other constituents. Interms of fruitiness, this primary accord has all the hallmarks of a prune...it can be enjoyable and fun as well as occasionally grating and temperamental. While the incense does its camphor like thing, the distinctive sour and sweet smell of pomegranates is neutered by plenty of sweet raspberry and plum notes. PN loses much of its midnight vaporub funkiness after half and hour or so, and lets a timid patchouli note and some non-descript spicy woods base lead it to its quiet but not-so dark conclusion. The longevity is good..around 7 hours.I admit I expected more "Noir" facets from this scent but knowing Malone's style I wasn't expecting a Jules or Vintage Tabarome. It says "Black Pomegranate" on the label after all, and that could mean "Over-ripe Pomegranates" for all I know. I would have liked more patchouli and spices, and less raspberry and plums in this concoction. Its more complex than other Malone's like Grapefruit and Amber Lavender but is also, strangely, less interesting. With that said, during the dog days of winter and nostril scraping flu attacks, I would still like to spray a spritz or two of PN on my chest before going to bed....I hear it attracts fairies in red silk dresses.Rating: 7/10   
positive Wow, this is one of the more unique fragrance experiences I've had in awhile. I think everyone's comments so far have been valid.  Depending on what you're thinking when you smell it, it can smell like Vicks, fruit, cloves, pepper, patchouli or frankincense.  However, it does not smell overdone; despite its many opposing characteristics, it strikes me as rather minimalist and dry.  I must admit that I was slightly put off by the (it's true) harsh opening.  I thought of a minty and smoky version of L'Anarchiste, and I smelled a strong clove note.  But where L'Anarchiste puts me off, this intrigues me.  It doesn't have the same sickly aura about it.  The drydown focuses more on the frankincense and patchouli, while the fruit peeks from the background.  This is a wonderful, wonderful drydown.  I'll have to sample it a few more times to make up my mind, but there is a very good chance this is bottle worthy for me.  
positive Lovely frag. Very mysterious and includes my favourite notes, patchouli and frankincense. The pomegranate fruitiness gives it an overall 'burgundy' feel to it, and a much lighter effect that patchouli in its purer form. Very vampish and sexy. A winter fragrance that would be great for a special Xmas party.Instead of little black dress, maybe little red dress would be more suitable?
positive EDIT!  I've recently received a sample of this with a JM order and, I tried it again. As is typical of me, one of the fragrances that's affected me most powerfully, is a fragrance I initially disliked on myself.   After rereading my original review, I can't help but stress how much body chemistry, at any given time, affects the reactions of those of us who are extremely sensitive to our olfactory neurons.  Fortunately, chemical change can be positive, and I think my norepinephrine levels must be in better shape. The first review was written a couple of months before I became pregnant with my daughter, who is now 20 months old.  After having her, I guess I smell better!  (Smell as an adjective, not a verb).  In any case Pomegranate Noir is utterly, completely gorgeous; hypnotic, complex, and sensual.  At first it smells like mulled wine, and it quickly transforms to a patchouli-resin warmth that's oddly reminiscent of my favorite Chanels.  This pomegranate beauty is so perfect for enhancing the mood for the upcoming holiday; pomegranate is my favorite fruit to eat, and now Ill enjoy it even more.  Pomegranate Noir comes across as a fragrance that would be perfect for sitting in front of a fireplace after a day of skiing. Our Southern California Autumns, with the Santa Anas in full swing, often are hotter than our summers. Even with its "cool weather" connotation, Pomegranate Noir is beautiful in our current 90 degree+ weather.  The heat brings out a dry warmth in this fragrance (patchouli?) that I absolutely love.   Original Review:  On me this is suffocating.  It's strong, bitter, and harsh.  I think  the combo of frankincense and patchouli  reacts badly on my skin.  I'm with Mr. Quarry on the furniture polish aroma...The composition of Pomegranate Noir comes across as balanced mix of juicy fruits and and heavy woods, and it smells striking and deep when sprayed into the air.  Unfortunately I don't find the smell appealing on my skin, but on someone with the right skin chemistry, I'd enjoy it.
positive there's something about the frankincense that seems to hail from a dark far-away place, but that somehow also remains pure, the offering to the Christ at the manger..... the pomegranate fruitiness remains warm, edible, hypnotizing. 
positive If fragrances were brassieres, Ginestet Le Boisé would be a 34B, and Pomegranate Noir would be a 42D. Finally, a break-through scent with a personality. It's been months since my nose has been surprised like this. Husband says he smells furniture polish. Okay, dear, make that royal furniture polish used on a rich Frenchwoman's Louis XVI vanity.

negative Jo Malone Pomegranate Noir EDCNotes: raspberry, plum, pink pepper, pomegranate, patchouli, frankincense, spicy woods (from jomalone.com)I have smelled pomegranates before--fruit, seed, juice and also oil pressed from the seeds.  None of what I have smelled from real pomegranate smells like Pomegranate Noir.  What I do smell is a very heavy spicy accord of cinnamon, clove, cardamom and cedar wood.  If there is any fruit here, it is completely overwhelmed.  The fragrance is not really dark as in "noir", but it is rather heavy compared to many other Jo Malone fragrances, and it is a bit sickening due to its poorly judged proportion of spice. In other words, PN lacks complexity, deftness and balance.  Despite the heavy spice accord and woody notes, there is no real substance to speak of.  If hamster cages were lined with cinnamon along with the typical cedar shavings, this is what it would smell like.  It is a scrubber.  
negative Hmm. Was dying to try this as have heard so much raving about it. Disappointingly spicy, cheap and jarring to my nose. Can't see what all the fuss is about, big thumbs down.
negative I'm not saying it isn't an attractive (though strong) scent, I just can't imagine *wearing* it -- to me, it smells like a very nice, very expensive holiday candle. Or other room scent. With the subtle undertones of Vick Vap-O-Rub. It's just too aggressively fruity and camphor-like for a personal scent; it's like wearing potpourri. And actually, the camphor notes are starting to make me think of cleaning products -- a luxe riff on Pine-Sol or something. Lemon Pledge smells good too, but I wouldn't dab it behind my ear.
negative Smells like a cross between old pot pourri and wine dregs. Thick, cloying and crude.
negative I am not joking: This smells exactly like Vicks Vapor rub!!Its really kind of chemical and medicine smelling. I agree that it smells like a hamsters cage cedar chips.I sprayed it on my skin and it smelled like Black pepper.This fragrance should be called "Vicks Vapor Rub-Black Pepper Blossom"

neutral With notes of clove, pumpkin, and persimmon, this seems like a scent to use in the fall, especially around Thanksgiving.  Aggressive and rather pungent, there isn't much subtlety here.  Someone described it as "linear" - the scent never changes from splash-on to fade-out.  Long-lasting.
neutral Very nice and opened my eyes to how cool pomegranate can be, but it draws attention to itself just a little too much. Worth trying for sure.
neutral Very, very nice opening. Though it doesn't smell precisely like pomegranate, it does a good job emulating it. Dark, woody fruits is really it. However, it fades out after about an hour but during that hour it's really nice.
neutral Like Coastfansocal, I got the hint of Vick's Vapor Rub, but not all that much camphor.  I did not get the cedar chips in the hamster cage, but after a couple of hours, it has subsided and I can get some smoothness.  Redhot candies, maybe that is what it might be on some.  But I do say that the scent is not one to throw away after your first wear it.  Have to give it some wearing, maybe like a Piper Nigrum.  Many scents, I can tell from first sniff I won't like them, and those that have vanilla or powder, easily get tossed.  Not so.  This is my first Jo Malone sample to test, and while I tend to think this line gets less favored status, well, this is well made.  I am going to give this a neutral, as I do not dislike it, but that Vick's Vapor Rub at first gets me.  Now, someone remind me to come back and revisit this fragrance.
positive This fills my oriental need.  I just love it.  It's an easy way to wear oud.  It's not a dirty oud it's a clean oud.  I think the bergamot rounds out the oud and makes it a very wearable scent.  You also can detect the cedar in the dry down.  I can't imagine this being difficult to smell or difficult to wear but it will not be for everyone b/c it is an oud.  I wore this on my honeymoon in paris and it has a great scent memory.  The longevity could be better but it's a great oud.  
positive The opening is sparkling; fresh, woody, floral…gorgeous. It's a linear fragrance and in this case it's not bad at all, as I don't want that opening to go away.The staying power is low, but while it lasts, it's a beautiful woody citrus fragrance with a twist; the twist comes from the so called oud which adds a bit of smoke, rubber and bitterness.
positive I am giving this a thumbs up because it is exactly what I have been looking for in a scent.  It is beautiful citrus' in the beginning and the oud comes out WITH the citrus.  I bought mine for 125 off of ebay.  It was a great deal and the seller only sells perfume and had 100 percent great feedback. Because it doesn't last long at all, I started to think that I got ripped off. I can't smell it on me after 30 minutes. My son smelled it for an hour or so and then he also could not smell a trace.  On one hand I am tempted to buy again at Sephora (I live in a town with literally no shopping) bc this CANNOT be the actual longevity of this expensive perfume. On the other hand, every review is talking about poor longevity.  I guess I will cut my losses now and just stick with the one I have. I just LOVE the smell SO much that I feel it is worth spending the extra money but only if I know I am going to get better longevity from the new bottle.  It is the best thing ever!
positive Classic. Unlike the case with the other reviewers, this one has  great staying power on me.
positive A compelling fragrance using three citrus notes and two woods...Oud & Bergamot by Jo Malone is an agarwood-centered fragrance with a straight ahead, clean citrus mix starting things out in the opening spray. This unfolds into a bright, powdery body with a moderate amount of oud. The cedar wood - a note I've loved for decades - seems a bit more pronounced than the oud, but together they slightly reinforce each other's "woodiness."

This is a fresh woody outing (recreated with a more ambery vibe with Jo Malone's Bergamot Rich Extrait perfume). There is a spiciness that isn't contributed by any separante note per se, but is derived from the inherent traits of the woods and citruses being used. 

Great day or night casual scent, for both genders.
positive A truly excellent fragrance.  Oud & Bergamot has a bright citrus or bergamot opening that's very authentic without any sourness or sharp synthetics.  A soft oud note warms forward and blends with the bergamot to become the mainstay accord for the duration of the scent.  It seems that JM fragrances' performance varies by fragrance and wearer.  While none of the JM line are designed to be sillage monsters, O&B remained discreetly evident for about 4 hours, which is what one should expect from an EDC.  Reapply as necessary.

O&B strangely reminds me of a uptown Chicago tailor that my grandfather used to be personal friends with.  He used to take me as a kid to his shop where they would custom make suits, shirts, belts and shoes.  This was late 1960's, but the shop had this incredible gentlemanly scent that I hadn't thought of for 50+ years until smelling Oud & Bergamot.  I bought a bottle right away.
positive Strange perfume that's a little more like wearing a citrus cologne while barbecuing chicken. It's longevity is not great (like most citrus) but it's very unique. A good comparison with Zeste Pamplemousse. Still enjoyable.
positive I had not expected to particularly like this, but I do.  
Restraint and class are the key words here.  
The bergamot is well done: crisp, citrusy, not plummy nor brash.  
I don't often like bergamot but it is very well done here.
There is something crisp, white-paper in style.  Reminds me a bit of Encre Noir.  
Then the oud appears.  Understated, yet warm and intriguing.  
A simple scent, JM's usually are in that style.  But, a good combination and well executed.
positive smells amazing!  too bad it doesn't last very long at all--disappointed at the performance.
positive I love this smell so much. I have considered getting a full bottle (currently have a sample and a 5 ml decant). Starts of with a bright cirtus wood combo and on my skin it becomes rich and earthy. So good. 
positive The only thing intense about Jo Malone Oud & Bergamot is how good it smells.  Projection and longevity are lacking, really have to spray a ton to get anything out of it on my skin. It's only been 30 minutes and my lotion is outperforming this scent. All that negativity aside, it does smell fantastic and if someone catches a faint whiff, you will get a compliment.  Great smell, and comes off a bit like Aventus to me, just waiting for the Intense-Intense version.
positive Christine Nagel at her finest, no surprise she’s been chosen to inherit Ellena’s throne. A charming whiff of sophisticated, mellow, androgynous, hyper-modern, clean yet somehow “mysterious” and moody spiced Oriental orange-infused woods. This is Oud & Bergamot by Jo Malone, a refined, minimalist, very well conceived experiment around the contrast between the aromatic, luscious smokiness of oud and cedar (and suede, I think), and the graceful, pastel, zesty and slightly floral touches of bergamot and citrus, with a hint of cinnamon-like touch of sweet – just as in Fendi Theorema for women, also composed by Nagel. All done with an amazingly well-engineered weightless texture taken to the very extreme – basically, pure thin scented air. It feels like a perfect olfactive rendition of some abstract watercolour featuring harmonic drops and brush strokes of pale orange, pale brown, pale black. All smells even, smooth, airy and pale, yet totally “there” under your nose. It’s like smelling a linen shirt previously sprayed with a hypothetical “true” substantial version of Oud & Bergamot – this is how the actual Oud & Bergamot smells. It’s there, and yet it isn’t. Like the suspended memory of a scent, more than an actual scent, and yet it’s there materializing under your nose. Fascinating to say the least. And it’s all done so terribly right, as all notes manage to smell crisp, smooth and clear, yet subtle. 

The scent is very simple actually, basically a fairly linear and “white-ish” sort of musky-suede rendition of (synthetic) oud and cedar tinted with some orange and cinnamon. It’s the way Nagel made it that makes it so special. It takes some guts and skills to take these notes and turn them into an impalpable whiff of watercolour mist (I mean, it takes some guts to do it right and not end up with an ephemeral fart of a constipated princess). More than compelling and more than a scent, a little piece of minimalist art. Obviously not a “bomb”, very subtle but quite persistent, more than one may assume: somehow you smell it around yourself for hours and hours even if it seems disappearing from your skin soon. This close to smelling just dull and weak – and maybe it is, and I’m just overestimating it – but I find it just lovely.

8-8,5/10

positive Really enjoyed the smell.  Longevity and projection are okay.  Longevity about 2-3 hours.  Even with that, I bought a 10ml decant.
positive Really earthy, mysterious, by soon woody (almost raucous), sparkling (a classic citric approach counteracting in the meanwhile the raw upcoming woodiness) and angular juice since the first moments of the short trip. The vibrant combination of the two main elements is exotic and somewhat dandy (in a fresh, elusive, latin and virile way). It seems a touch of final leather connects the elements of this really virile (vaguely caribbean) seasoned concoction. Dry spices and thirsty cedarwood drain utterly the vaguely (barely and temporarily) resinous initial texture (a touch of saffron too??). The Oud & Bergamot Cologne's evolution is minimal, the stout, dry, vaguely smoky and leathery oud's temperament seems weirdly sultry and testosteronic. An interesting minimalistic take on citric oud, alluring, classic, sexy and fashinating.
positive rbaker said it. Another fresh offering from Jo Malone. Nothing to dislike. Gone in three hours so limited in use, but lovely. 
positive A straightforward scent in which the good bergamot freshness is nicely counterbalance by a nice touch of oud. Nothing special and no surprises is the drydown, but the for JM very decent longevity of four hours tilts the score to the positive. 
positive I got this in the Jo Malone boutique in the airport lounge on impulse when my wife was browsing something for herself (she's a fan of Jo Malone frags).

I do love this fragrance. I don't seem to get too much of the Bergamot, but this for me is all about subtle, creamy, and silky oud. 

You are followed by a shimmering oud cloud for many hours, just wonderful, warming and sensual. The perfect cosseting scent.

Only problem is the amount of sprays you require to achieve this nirvana state... I'm talking like over 10... Doesn't make it a sillage killer, but just gives it some longevity.. best to layer it.

The lady at the JM counter says it has a 15% EDP concentration, I would think a 25% concentration would be about right...

One thing I have discovered recently is layering this with a couple of swipes of pure oud oil is divine. It really compliments the Oud & Bergamot, and you can go Cambodian for smooth or Assam for barnyard (From my Ensar Oud sample set) Also seems to help greatly with longevity.

Anyway, love this scent, but wish it was 25% concentration, it's bit of a rip of considering the amount you need to apply.
positive I definitely like this scent.  I just got the sample and I intend to buy a bottle soon.  
positive Went into the Jo Malone shop for some 154 someone had suggested and came out with this! Oud & Bergamot is ABSOLUTELY on the money! The rich yet subtle character of this earthy fragrance is astounding. To be honest, I didn't think Jo Mo had it in 'em; Creed's Oud doesn't come close to matching up. FIVE STARS of unforgettable - top to bottom.

negative For the price its ridiculous, ike all Malone scents, over priced and hyped. Everyone of her frgrances goes ranicd too quick to. 

neutral I was happy to sniff oud mixed with something else than rose, but in the end it’s just a dry bergamot. The idea was good. It could have been so much better. 
neutral Simple but a great scent!  Just wished it lasted longer. 
neutral Sour bergamot and mouldering, grassy patchouli combine into a complicated dank green smell, while the oud makes things a little rubbery.  It's kind of unpleasant, but not terribly so.  After a while, things get a little peppery, which balances out the musty greens.  I think this actually makes more sense as an interesting patchouli perfume than it does as an oud & bergamot mix.

I don't hate it, but don't really like it either.  I'm mostly baffled - I usually find this sort of scent quite intriguing, but this is just kind of boring me. Maybe I'll come back to this in a couple of years and love it, but for now it's just a "meh".
neutral First foray into Jo Malone - impulse buy in an airport whilst off on a shoot. 

Agree with most of the positive reviews above - a lovely blend, I love it death ... but ...

Feel VERY duped by the Jo Malone boutique assistant and by the name itself ... INTENSE? Maybe ... but only till I got to the boarding gate, and after a brief 2 hr flight it had vanished completely.

For the price and given its supposed 'higher' concentration ... I don't expect to be spraying 10+ times to get it to hang around.

And honestly even when I do ... it doesn't.

A real shame. 
4 star scent that drops to a 2 because of shameful longevity.
neutral Smooth synth woody-oudy combo with subtle sparkling notes on top and a weightless drydown that works the same way certain aromachemicals a-la IES do. Very nice accords, transparent and pleasant but a bit too safe and really too weak. Pity, this would have been a big winner if just a little bit amped up.



neutral Week oudy cologneSmooth synth woody-oudy combo with subtle sparkling notes on top and a weightless drydown that works the same way certain aromachemicals a-la IES do. Very nice accords, transparent and pleasant but a bit too safe and really too weak. Pity, this would have been a big winner if just a little bit amped up. Just nice.
positive On a trip to the drugstore, they had the "inspired by" scents on sale. I'm always looking for new scents, and $5 is a cheap way of sampling when I can't get to the store. Picked up the Light Blue dupe in rollerball and was pleasantly surprised. My wife liked it as well, so I picked up the real thing, which we share. This is a light, pleasant acquatic scent with minimal sillage but decent longevity that I enjoy right out of the shower on a warm day. 
positive the scent of happiness, like walking inside a sunny coastal Italian village.
Green apple reigns supreme, followed by Scicilian lemon.
Sweet, yet fresh.
A more appropriate name would be "Light Green" instead of "Light Blue".
positive A decade and a half later and this is still love or hate.

Depends on your fragrant journey so far, and whether your nose can handle the aroma chems at play here.

It is sweet, super crisp and fresh, yet maintains some saltiness to allow a natural-ity to shine through.

Atelier's Atlas Cedar is very close to this, though Light Blue predates it by over a dozen years.  Also recalls Versace Man Eau Fraiche. 
positive For a dept. store fragrance, this is incredible in terms of projection, sillage, and longevity.  My wife spritzes this upstairs in the bathroom, and I smell it downstairs.  It leaves a sillage trail for quite awhile.  It has a unique scent that unfortunately everyone is wearing.  Like Acqua di Geo during it's heyday, Light Blue is part of the air you breath.  Citrus for sure, there is a cedar/musk/floral component that makes it unique. 
positive I wore this perfume back in 2009-10, it was a good time in my life. I bought some last night cause it was on sale at Walgreens, and boy it brought back great memories. Love this fragrance, it lasts all day and is not offensive or overbearing. Perfect for everyday wear. 
positive Probably one of the most pleasant citrusy scents I've come across. The citrus is mellow and sweet, rather than tangy or sharp. Light Blue is somehow cool and warm at the same time. It's an incredibly pleasant scent, relaxing and laid back. Beachy, breezy, serene.
positive There's a reason this fragrance has been so very popular. It's because it smells good, is exceptionally easy to wear, and is highly versatile: appropriate for day or night, for work or play, for going out to dinner or for just slobbing around the house. Part of the reason for that versatility, I suspect, is the pure simplicity of its concept: it basically comes down to two equally high-pitched and nasal facets--the sharp musky cedar below and the tart lemon/apple above--oscillating against each other to eternity. The result is a kind of olfactory moire effect, shimmery and (to my nose, anyway) quite pleasant.

I suspect that Light Blue may also carry an additional appeal to Americans in particular, due to the strong hygenic associations of its three major notes, each of which, in their own way, can be said to represent cleanliness. Lemon, of course, is very strongly associated with cleaning products, while that tart green apple note is commonly used in the US to scent shower gels, shampoos, and astringent facial toners. The cedar, meanwhile, brings to mind cedar-lined linen closets or cedarwood chests, used to keep stored clothing clean and fresh and safe from moths. Put them all together, and you're definitely appealing to a desire for cleanliness, or "freshness." I tend to associate that desire with American tastes -- we do love the whole squeaky-clean aesthetic here!--but perhaps it is more universal than I realize. 

My one criticism of this fragrance is that it can get a bit screechy sometimes. I referred above to both the cedar and the tart fruit facets as "high-pitched and nasal," and while I realize that I'm engaging in an aural analogy there, it's the best way I can think of to describe exactly what I mean. They're both sour, sharp, astringent fragrance types, the sort that can really seem to get all the way up into your sinuses sometimes. Since I enjoy sharp and astringent smells, I'm not bothered at all by that aspect of Light Blue, but I can certainly see how it might get in the way of others' enjoyment. That synthetic cedar stuff in the base (is that the Iso-E-Super people so often talk about?) is also extremely long-lasting and tenacious in a stickily pervasive musk-like way -- should you take a dislike to it, you *will* be smelling it for days, not only wherever you sprayed it, but also on anything and everything that got too close to the original spray. You have been warned.

Sadly, while I enjoy Light Blue on other people, it doesn't behave very well on me. When I wear it myself, the lemon and apple notes disappear very quickly, while the cedar becomes *ludicrously* accentuated; the end result is that I wind up walking around for hours smelling very much like a hamster cage. A *clean* hamster cage, mind you, but still very much a hamster cage. So it's not one that I keep around, but I always enjoy smelling it on others. Quite fortunate for me, that, because this fragrance is so very, very popular that once you know what it smells like, you will find yourself encountering it everywhere. 
positive Nice crisp citrus. Nothing new. Simple and clean. Good frag for summer at $30/100ml. 
positive I love D&G Light Blue.  Maybe it's my particular chemistry, but when I wear it, I receive very appreciative compliments from family members, co-workers, friends, and total strangers. (One of only a few fragrances I've worn in my life that generate so many positive comments.) I will also catch a whiff of it on clothing I've worn and think how lovely it smells. 

I give D&G Light Blue 5 stars overall, and 4 each for longevity and sillage.
positive Light Blue is simply wonderful. It's a light, refreshing and uplifting scent perfect for daily use. It's fairly minimalistic with decent longevity and intimate sillage. I mostly get a buttery lemon paired with warm amber, but the notes are so well balanced you don't need any extras. Light Blue would be ideal for someone with a casual lifestyle. 
positive Light years better than light blue for men.  Fresh and long lasting.  I've even worn this.  Thumbs up.
positive I read a recommendation several years ago that men should try this fragrance.  And though I like the men's version of Light Blue, I think this might be the stronger of the two.  And stronger in more ways than one--i.e. this is a not a fragrance to over-apply.  Less is definitely more.  I like to apply this on top of different aftershaves (say Cool Wave or Skin Bracer) and see where it takes me.  I enjoy the green apple, but it lasts a bit too long in my opinion.  However, after an hour or so, I really enjoy the cedar and the way I catch whiffs of jasmine all day long.  It's light and springy.  And my I like it on my wife too.
positive I really get the Granny Smith apple in a big way with this fragrance.  I also get a touch of cedar, too.  Although I like the smell of this, I will not buy another bottle as when I had a bottle I wore it to death, and now I can smell it on every other person who walks by, and it smells the same on everybody.  
positive This is easily the best fragrance I've ever found to counter the abundance of overly-floral, cloyingly sweet, profusion of white flowers in the ladies' selection of "fresh" fragrances.  I'm not one to enjoy sweet fragrances, nor the pungently floral ones.  I have always searched for a truly earthy, woodsy, nature-inspired scent for ladies, minus the stuff I can't tolerate.  This is it.

Light Blue begins with a burst of citrus; after a few seconds, you begin to pick up the bluebells and bamboo, and as the fragrance dries down, the heart notes really shine -- cedarwood, amber, etc.  This fragrance has SERIOUS staying power, too; I can apply it lightly to my hair, and I can still smell it perfectly well the next DAY.  Scent is beautiful; apples, citrus, musk, and bamboo, draped beautifully over a heart of cedar and moss.  When your three-year old niece buries her face in your hair and inhales deeply over and over and says, "You smell soooooo good..." -- well, you know you've got a winner.

I love Light Blue.  I wish there was a bit more of the cedarwood and moss heart after drydown.  To me, it would then be truly perfect.

negative Light Blue - Dolce & Gabanna
Horrendously bad fragrance. Not even worth discussing but I do anyway for the sake of humanity: Light Blue is the Stinker of all Stinkers.
negative Heard good things but this didn't work for me. Much too sweet, fruity, and fresh-laundry smelling. Maybe if I was ever an outdoorsy all-American 18-year-old, this might have worked for me in the past (though I doubt it). But as a professional 30-year-old woman who appreciates gourmet food (Wuyi rock teas, earthy red beans, spices, umami flavours), this was much too teenybopper.

Will make notes later on the longevity as it wears throughout the day.

negative This is one of the few fragrances I truly LOATHE. It makes me feel nauseated and I have developed migraines from it. I used to have a coworker who would wear it and it reeked so bad it took my breath away. This is not a "clean, non-offensive" scent.  Please could everyone only wear this one in the privacy of their own homes. I'd rather smell a tire fire. 
negative I don't get why people love this. On me it smells exactly like a popular dish washer we used for years. Very synthetic and nauseating citrus scent that made me horrified, honestly. If you're a fan of citrus this may be your favorite though. It's a reallly popular scent.
negative Salutation.

The name of this EDT describes it perfectly LIGHT BLUE.So Popular because it is Lightness and Freshness not overpowering and Offensive. Tasty, Crisp,Clean,Unisex,Youthful,Casual, Light and Sporty.

It has a Refreshing and Light mixture of Light Flowers and Citrusy notes.You can really smell a touch of Apple and Lemon in it with a Cute floral heart and a Soft base of Musk and Amber that makes it quite Gentle on the Skin.

Everyone can use this type fragrances in their Collection.LIGHT BLUE is for a Active Character That Appreciates freedom and dislike Sharp smell too.It remindes me of a Light spring day.Anyway if You think about a Special Example this is not for You!

Sillage?Avreage.

Longevity?About 4 hours on my skin.

6/10 
negative Don't believe the hype.  Light is right. Airy, breezy and gone like the wind.  Pass. 2 out of 5.
negative (*)

Apparently Dolce & Gabbana decided that a demure shampoo fragrance wasn't vile enough, for the woody amber in this thing hisses like a pissed off cat. Really bad. 

neutral Overall: 2/5
Sillage: 2/5
Longevity: 3/5

Good if you wake up one day wanting to smell a bit like citrus, greens, sun, and sea-breeze. Definitely perfect for a summer scent.

Safe and inoffensive, but has a distinct smell that you know everyone else has smelled like at one point in their life.

Dries down to an almost powdery, yet citrus scent for me, but before it settles, it's mostly a salty and citrus scent that just won't have me reaching for it.

Decent sillage with above-average wear
neutral The opening presents a pleasant citrus-based mix, with a fruity underpinning.  Pleasant but quite nonspecific.   The drydown is more floral, with jasmine a definite component, but a pleasantly discreet green touch is coming and going also. 

The base presents woddsy impressions blended with white musks. 

I get moderate sillage, adequate projection and a very decent seven hours of longevity on my skin. 

The opening is quite agreeable, although a touch subdued and the citrus not very vivid or bright. The rest of this spring scent is rather generic and pale overall.  In total - mediocre. 2.5/5. 
neutral This was the favorite scent of one of my ex-boyfriends and it's a pretty unisex fragrance. I associate it with how most Americans want to smell, "clean". It's a very sporty, "shower-fresh" kind of smell. No musk, no spice or wood. Just very light citrus and floral. Nothing bad about it, but it's what most people smell like these days.
neutral Essence of meh. Half-arsed slightly rancid citrus over equally half-arsed woody amber-ish base.  Best I can say for it was that it was gone in half an hour. 
neutral The opening notes of apple lemon are pretty refreshing. I know this is a summer scent, but I expect a deeper and richer scent from dolce & gabbana. 
neutral Light Blue consistently comes in at the top of the bestseller lists in the United States – and with very good reason: it is hard to beat in the summer refresher stakes. Featuring a sparkling green apple note and a translucent amber base, Light Blue is a pleasure to spritz on liberally in the heat. Its fruit notes are sheer rather than syrupy, so the overall effect is crisp and bright – like biting into an ice-cold Granny Smith. 

It's a pity, though, that the bright apple opening cannot be maintained past the one hour mark. The sheer amber base reveals itself to be Iso E Super, and the remaining three hours limp on in an agony of synthetics (for me). A pleasure at the start, but a plain old Iso E Super or cedramber base makes this one a miss for me.
neutral Light Blah. The name, the bottle, the fragrance. Where is the mystery, the oom pah pah?
Sillage alone does not a perfume make.( Aside: Love the story of Sophia Grojsman being followed for her amazing sillage when finalizing 'Eternity' for Calvin Klein) Black to Blah. Sung's 'Shi' is the same colour and much cheaper. A classic like Eau de Rochas or Eau Orlane (blue again) much nicer in my opinion but it could be just that my body chemistry is all wrong for this one. 

neutral Smelled this on a girl for years in a yoga class. She made 3 mistakes for me: 1) overwearing is a no no for me, 2) don't wear perfume in a hatha yoga class, 3) don't over apply, which she did all the time. Ever since she ruined it for me, lol .... the slightest hint of this juice will turn me off.  If you don't make any of those mistakes, this might work for you &  people around you.
neutral Is it me, or is this a carbon copy of Hugo by Hugo Boss, but more expensive?
positive Very sexy! On a girl, I think a man shouldn't wear this. It reminds me of a super hot chick. Leaves a scent trails and catches attention. Synthetic? Didn't even thought about it, this thing just works!

Sexy as hell on a girl, I wish more fragrances had such projection.
positive It´s beautiful and deliciously wonderful! I simply use it since I was a teenager... And I´m very proud to say that it was the first perfume I bought to myself... and it´s perfect and I´m love for it since the first time! 

And for those who says that a popular perfume is not good I recommend to read some articles/books from Turin (not so much - weird bad taste) and my favorite - Chandler Burr!!! 
I love Light Blue, I love J´adore, I love Coco, I love Tommy Girl... Popular? Yes, but damn good!!!

"You don’t consciously register the wood, but its smooth surface deepens and warms the citrus. One of the most perfectly executed perfumes of the past decade, it is almost insanely good." - D&G Light Blue ***** - Chandler Burr 

Just to know how to appreciate a good scent! 
It doesn´t matter if a lot of people use it!!!
positive All time favourite!
9 or 10 years ago, I got a sample in a club, I was a teenager, me and my friends fell in love with Light Blue...the first elegant, expensive perfume, we became so cool at school :D
Now, it's guite popular, but  I don't care, I still love it. Funny, but I've never realized the lemon in it, rather jasmine :)  I can't describe its freshness, I feel myself confident, fresh, clean, sexy all day.  Thank God, it stay all day long on my skin. It's strange, I'm not a kind of "light blue" girl, actually hate this colour, and I've never tought this fragrance fits to me, but I love wearing it!!!
I decided to buy something else, something unique (an other Dolce Gabbana perhaps), but I couldn't find anything acceptable, I'm gonna purchase an other LB tonight.  
positive It has a very pleasant grapefruity(isn't stated in the notes but I detect a trace of it somehow)/lemony note, yet not overpowering, great for summer. Definitely fits the light blue ad, gives the exact same mediterranean vibe. Its amazing on guys as well, I got more compliments from both sexes with this compared to the pour homme version. Wouldn't call it a must buy, but its a safe summer/beach scent to say the least.
positive I like this fragrance very much. It opens up with a freshness that i cannot describe in words. It's not overbearing. It stands out from other fragrances as it is quite unique.

Fresh, hints of floral with apple blossom. Perfect for those casual summer days. My words don't do it justice. I like that it isn't overpowering and that it's not too complex. 

I can see why it is still rated as one of the most top selling fragrances for women =)

The bottle is quite simple. It is not misleading at all, as the fragrance also is quite simple...but so nice. When i look at it, reminds me of a clean crisp day at the beach.

Notes as described on fragranceheaven.com.au:

Light Blue by Dolce & Gabbana is a delicious combination of lively Sicilian citron and effervescent Granny Smith Apples, which are softened and ethereally blended with the intensity of freesia, jasmine, earthy musk and amber to provide a stunning perfume that's both overwhelming and irresistible. It is recommended for casual wear. 
positive Normally I don't go for something so mainstream, but it's a fantasic summer scent for work. It's not dominantly floral or powdery. It's more feminine in the beginning but ends out being unisex in the end. That's fine with me, it's clean, fresh, & classy. I can see why it's so popular with nurses.
positive By far the best perfume I've ever worn... too bad I've outgrown it :(
positive I actually got this by accident.Whebn I realized it was for women I gave it to my mother.She used it for a bit and gave it back as she is not a big frag person like myself.  GQ mag suggested this can be a great scent for men.How right they were.Very fresh-refreshing.tHis scent is lush and "airy" ,especially on sweltering summer days.
positive Light blue is the best name for it, they're "baptized" it right.Very nice feeling to wear it, and yes, goes perfectly with light blue colured clothes, especially... light blue jeans. It feels a bit hippie in a delicate and smart way.The only minus is the lasting power, this wonderful perfume lasts even less than the EDCs from Bvlgari... so if you decide to get it, get a big bottle.
positive A lovely fresh scent for women.
positive In a nutshell:(1) Great, fresh and light citrus scent - with a hint of complexity. (2) Has very good staying power for a scent of this type. (3) This is a popular scent, so you will find many others wearing it, which is a negative if you want to wear something unique. 
positive Count me as another in the long line of men who prefer the original Light Blue to the relatively uninspiring pour Homme interpretation. The opening is quite sharp and actually downright masculine to my nose, though it softens significantly with all those florals in the mid notes. And those florals, by the way, are quite lovely, especially combined with the apple note which to my nose sticks around for a good while. Like walking through a fragrant garden while munching on a Granny Smith. This is a fun and completely unpretentious fragrance, something I find appropriate for a relaxing day out with friends or simply lounging around by yourself. A contemporary classic for good reason. 
positive This is a strange scent because it is something right in between Montales Soleil de Capri and Paco Rabannes Black XS (for Men). Now, I have never thought Soleil de Capri and Black XS have anything in common – anything at all – and in fact I still don’t, but oddly this is the exact crossroad between these two scents.It has more in common with Black XS, though. (Especially in the dry down)I get a crystal clear strawberry note in the beginning which is engaged with that apple note. I am not sure if this scent actually has a strawberry ingredient to it, or is it some sort of accord, but I smell strawberry very easily.Fresh, fruity, clean and very compelling. I love the crisp musky undertones in this. During the dry down Light Blue develops some green nuances (Granny Smith indeed comes to mind at this point) with the subtle almond-y smell in the distance. Very tasty.Like I said this reminds me of Soleil de Capri (same kind of combo of juicy citruses, white flowers and white musks) and Black XS (strawberry with woods and amber).Anyone (no matter whether you’re man or woman) who likes LB should checkout those two fragrances too because while these scents are similar there are still some distinctive differences as well.Black XS smells exactly like more masculine version of LB; it is slightly more dark and edgy with the notable patchouli note.Light Blue can easily be worn by men, but to my nose it still leans clearly more towards feminine side. This is a modern classic.
positive I liked the scent a lot.  I have been asked several times, what perfume I am wearing because they would say it smelled lovely.  I have not received compliments on my other perfumes except for this one.  It is something very casual that I can use at work daily without leaving a heavy perfumie kinda smell that I hate.  So to be considerate, this is my choice of scent at work. 
positive Light Blue to me is musky citrus cottom wool clouds. It certainly floats about for ages. I think it is both clean, warm and powdery. It is very distinctive, however this may be a bad thing as everyone wears this. When I first got to smell this, I was in Barcelona, and for a while it reminded me of my holiday there. Until I relaised that every girl 18-25 was bathing themselves in this stuff back in the UK, now it just makes me think of Bacardi Breezer swilling girls out on the pull in a Wetherspoons pub. Which is a real shame, as this is a lovely scent, when worn sparingly.
positive I prefer this version instead of the male version.  This female version smells fresh and can be worn by men also.  I read in GQ that men do prefer the female version instead of the male.  Plus women love it!   I get comments on it every time I wear it.  Give it a try, you might be surprised!  It also can be easily combined with other fresh scents.  Should of been labeled unisex.

negative Synthetic and aquatic - really boring!
negative Sharp citrus mixed with a synthetic aqua. It doesn't say fresh to me, it says sour. My work colleague let me sample it in the office. After a while she 'fessed up- she uses it to spray on her feet to keep them cool! It's not out and out bad, it's just not very nice. Right now I'm wishing I'd put it on my feet too,  instead of my arm, it's getting more sour and artificial as time goes on and is strong and persistent.
negative Iso E Super anyone?  A kind of citrus sherbet opening evolving into a clearly synthetic cedar mid-phase (kind of incensey) with barely perceptible fruity-floral patterns. Boring, uninteresting and definitely unbalanced on the synthetic side. Undeservedly popular and firmly unpleasant.
negative Even though this fragrance is so popular, I don't understand the appeal. It opens up to a tart granny smith apple, which gets bogged down by floral scents. The name suits it completely - you will smell a light aquatic scent in this Light Blue. But, it's too airy, and sweet for my taste. I might mistake cleaning my bathroom mirror with this instead of Windex. Too harsh? Yea, it doesn't work for me.

But, this scent does fit young teens perfectly. It's fresh and flirty. Anyone over 20 should opt for other aquatic scents.
negative I must say the opening isn't bad -sort of nice ,clean,fresh scent (this is probably what has hooked the masses of wearers) but unfortunately it ends in a sharp Windex+"clean"musk +pencils ---Bleah!!!!
I will say I have had the experience of customers coming into my workplace in the drydown stage after they had apparently hosed down in the stuff ."To freshen up"
I could TASTE this from across the store(at least 60 feet/20 meters away!).
So even if it rates as okay scentwise(topnotes only) I dislike it for the bad drydown .The wearers of this seem to like it for the topnotes and keep reapplying for that "hit"--only it is a edt not a splash cologne.Soon enough another hairspray/windex silliage horror is chokingly born.
negative  For something with 'Light' in the name she sure can shriek. Funny, when I was glossing over the pyramid I thought for a moment the 'bamboo' read, 'bimbo.' That's how little I enjoy this scent - my brain is trying to subconsciously rewrite the ingredients! Seriously, if I had a time machine, I wouldn't save Lincoln. I wouldn't warn the citizens of Pompeii.  I would stop Light Blue from being made.
negative This was a complete shock! I expected something light and bright, citrusy or apple-y, a crowd pleaser. But to me, it smells like Lemon Pledge sprayed onto pastry dough. It's actually kind of gross, and I'm afraid I found it rather nauseating. I only made it through about 90 minutes before scrubbing.I get no apple or cedar out of this at all. I get a fakey, citrusy mix wrapped around a core of what smells to me like saffron. I'm all for the avant-garde, but this combination just strikes me as ill-advised.I do acknowledge the brilliance of the name, though. Light blue is exactly the color of this fragrance! Milky, pale, passive-aggressive.Very hard to scrub off, as it turns out.
negative When I first got this one, I was looking for something to replace my favorite scent because I didn't think it was in production anymore. When I first tried this, I thought it was lovely, and didn't realize how many people were wearing it. 

It takes a while to drop down to the base notes on it, and it has a very sharp top note. If you're looking for sillage, this has it, and if you're looking for longevity, this one is definitely for you. It's harder to get rid of than fleas. However, much like other strong fragrances, this must be used very, VERY lightly, or it's overpowering, and you get tired of it after a while and want to wash it off to try on something different. I would much have preferred that it have come in something other than a spray bottle, as it's difficult to control a spray. If worn sparingly, it can be nice. 

I, however, tired of it very quickly, and would never buy another bottle of it. It ends up cloying in large doses, and even when you *do* use it lightly, it gets kind of annoying. After a short while on your dresser, you'd rather rub vanilla extract on your wrists than use it again.
negative When I smell this on other people I don't like it. Now it makes my stomach turn so I won't wear it anymore. And what's worse this is one of those scents that everyone is wearing. My husband hated it too, could never wear it around him, now I see why!

neutral About 2 months ago I made a list of all the best-selling fragrances around the globe and made it my duty to try them all. Light Blue was on this list.

I would love to have had a picture taken the moment I sniffed this for the very first time. I think I was in utter disbelief as to how people loved this perfume. All I got from this fragrance was a strong, sour burst of lemon. I usually associate lemon scents to detergents and cleaners around my home.

This was in no way a pretty or feminine fragrance. I have Moschino Funny! which is slightly similiar, but more floral and much lighter. I consider Funny! a better alternative to Light Blue. I will however add that men seem to love this fragrance, even though they agree with me when I say it's strong and lemony sour.


neutral I think it's very intoxicating on the open, however Light Blue is non-committal and is blended into a light juice that doesn't make enough of a statement.  The biggest problem we have with this is that the dry down recalls "mall store" to us.  If it didn't wind up in that  olfactory memory space, I'd consider it a candidate for a mixing fragrance.  Longevity isn't terrific.  Ultimately this is a polite pretty fragrance that is not too floral.  It's nice.  I didn't see this trumping other favorites like Nina Ricci.  
neutral I love Granny Smiths even as a kid, I eat them all the time. So I'm quite pleased to smell some off the top notes. Unfortunately after that vibrant opening, LIGHT BLUE goes downhill. Cedar, cedar and then more cedar. OK, I do get some musky and floral accents but these are ambient, the overall character remaining sharply woodsy even incensey. Sorry ladies but I wouldn't want to smell this on you - it's a little too butch for comfort yet feels a little too lightweight and synthetic to be taken seriously as a men's fragrance. 
neutral There is a too sharp, too heavy, too chemical musky note. Maybe the synthetic cedar note that someone has mentioned. I agree with the comparison to Eclat D' Arpege, but I prefer Eclat D' Arpege. However, I'd rather not wear either one of them. Maybe I'd like this on someone else.
neutral This is a love/ hate relationship. The only concept of longevity is through spraying it on fabric and that makes it very powerful and cloying. I think I was looking for light and green, but this struck me as a chemical blast. I would love to love this, but I do believe I would choose 4711 or even Moschino's I Love Love over this.
positive juicy orange.a citrus scent that is beautiful in the summer
positive I like it.  Very fresh, like lemon juice when you first put it on.  But quickly mellows to a floral-fresh smell that makes me think of the ocean (or maybe that's my brain remembering the marketing pictures).  Unlikely to offend anybody.  I'm not in love with it, but it's very nice.
positive I really like this scent.  It is a very clean smelling scent,it kinda reminds me of lemony fresh laundry. I find it very refreshing when I put it on. I think it's a lot different than other perfumes in the sense that it's not overpowering. It is perfect for the office or everyday use.  The only thing that i do not like about the EDT is the staying power.  Then scent wears off too fast, I find myself re-applying throught the day. Other than that I would recommend this to anyone who prefers something that's light and classic.
positive loves it! loves it! LOVES IT!!
positive I feel Luca's and Tania's review of this was a little unfair. I agreed with nearly all of "perfumes: The Guide", but not with the review of this. Light Blue extends "floral fresh" in a new direction without the tiresome overdose of Calone used in the 90's. Totally unisex and devoid of any pretence, like a delicate cloud of duck egg blue powder. Men and women can enjoy this one. 
positive Simply gorgeous. A sparkling citrussy floral that is good any time of year but especially so in Spring and Summer due to the citrus. It is fresh, clean and complex and to me smells very expensive although, strangely, it can often be found for as little as £10 a bottle in the UK. I have got through a few bottles of this in the last five years, one a very large bottle and hope it is never discontinued (because the smelly things I love usually are not popular and therefore are discontinued - sob!). It seems to smell very different on each different person because a couple of times I have stopped people to ask what their gorgeous perfume is and they have said it was Light Blue. Perfume is a very personal and idiosyncratic choice so it's very hard and often inadvisable to buy perfume for someone 'blind' but I would always recommend this as a reasonably safe choice to a man wondering what to buy for a woman as I can't imagine many people not liking this perfume.
positive If you like this scent but wish it were slightly different, try Eclat d'Arpege by Lanvin.  It's very similar but better, in my opinion.  
positive It definitely could be a unisex fragrance, but it is masculine in its own right.  Fruity with a powdery dry down.  Pleasantly fresh.Great longevity like DG pour Homme as well as great sillage.Thumbs up.
positive In my opinion, so far, this is the best of the Dolce and Gabbana lot for both men and woman - and that is saying alot, but this is simply fantastic!  I wish the men's was this good! No matter, I'll wear them both, but prefer this one.  Guys, don't be afraid to use this!5 STARS!
positive Indeed a true «feel good thing...neutraly bright and cooly warm» -feotidussmells remarkably fresh n clean but in a way that avoids nowdays crap, yet the only recent fresh n clean designer feminine marketed for younger public that I truly respect. You see...  where I live, girls of my age (18-22) tend to wear things that are just.....how could I say in a proper language...that are just total crap (I'm talking to you cool water woman, ralph and swiss army). yet, light blue is a big exeption to all this nonsenseNo ozone/calone/cheap smelling childish too-sweet'n'-too-sour fruity florals.Instead we have a good accord of crisp greed and jucy green apple / fresh dry decamphorized cedar in the oppening , and what I suspect to be a healthy dose of Iso E super and Hedione that gives the haert notes a pure, clean and liquid feel (NOT AQUATIC PLEASE). For the rest, I could not say really.. perhaps the iso E super goes on and on, with a pretty little white musk and some more cedar. the whole thing is very very well crafted and balanced imo. this «perfume» was the weired characterirstic of being feminine and almost girly whithout being childish girly. Yet almost unisex for those of us who don't fuss about wearing feminine fragrances...by the way, I agree with the one who said that DnG shoud discontinue the newer light blue for man which is nothing compared to it's so called feminine alterego.
positive I bought this for my honeymoon trip and every time I smell this it reminds me of my honeymoon trip, It was a Caribbean Cruise, and Light Blue smelled delicious the entire time, it sticks for hours, but it never dulls or anything, it stays fresh and making you feel clean and cool, very recommendable for hot weathers.
positive Jumping on the bandwagon that the women's Light Blue could be unisex and that D&G should discontinue their Men's version. I had taken my girlfriend into the store to smell this specifically. She grabbed the bottle and smelled the atomizer cap only so I grabbed a card for her to spray on. She missed and sprayed my hand!This was terrible on the card HOWEVER I was able to test it out on my hand. Man I can't stop sniffing. A lightly powdery fruited cedar. I still smell it after 3 hours.
positive The Granny Smith apple note in the opening gives enough contrast with the cedar and bluebells to create a bit of olfactory surprise.  The whole floral fruity top level is smooth and refreshing and very nice if not extremely sophisticated.  It’s a feel good thing – neutrally bright and coolly warm.  The florals and bamboo of the middle continue with a smooth floral  / green dominated by a simple jasmine: the simplicity of the accord is captivating and is completely in tune with the vibes of the opening.  The base is more cedar and musk—quite recessive to my nose, but I think its sparsity is fully in tune with the theme of Light Blue.  I enjoy this scent; it is refreshing, it is the springtime and mountain lakes and butterfly filled meadows.  At times I think that Light Blue could be a unisex fragrance, but then there are times when it seems so youthfully feminine.  Regardless, it’s a charming scent and it deserves to be as popular as it is.
positive I like this fragrance a lot, it's so fresh and citrusy.However it doesnt' really have staying power on me which is a shame as I really like the scent.When I was buying this bottle I stumbled upon Dior Addict 2, which in my nose has something similar to this. 
positive The notes say green apple, but the fruit comes across as grapefruit to me, with notes of bubblegum.  No matter--these are man-made aromas, so any guess is as credible as the next.  This is a great fruity scent, sweet and vanillic, tart and juicy at the same time.  I find it soft and pretty, mellow and full, yet lively.  For reference, my favorite citrus fragrances are Moschino I Love Love, which has a zesty, definite grapefruit note, and Montale Soleil de Capri, which has a natural-smelling citrus.  Light Blue is another that I like, with its playful, mouth-watering, wad-of-bubblegum note.
positive LOL - I totally agree with what a few other people here seem to point out - over the past few years, it has indeed become a stocking-filler sort of fragrance.This perfume, along with Brut cologne spray, Piere Cardin, Lagerfeld Classic (a fantastic men's fragrance), Chloe and Anais-Anais, has indeed become a Christmas stocking filler perfume - well at least within my family.That being said, everyone in my immediate family, including myself, have quite expensive tastes in fragrance, usually steering clear of stocking-filler fragrances - but this is one that everyone I know enjoys waking up to on Christmas morning!Fresh, dynamic, relatively clean, sporty and quite unisex. Freshly natural smelling, not laiden with synthetic-smelling crap. The bamboo note is clear and harmonious - almost cerebral in nature - like unto pure mysore sandal essence, yet absolutely nothing like it! And the Granny Smith is clear and fresh smelling, never stuffy and sweet, as it quite often is in other perfumes.The cedar and musk is light, and sticks very well to its name sake. And for some odd reason, maybe coz of the name, maybe coz of the notes, I associate this with Baby Blue Jeans.But anyway, I am a guy, I like wearing it, I get lots of compliments from wearing it in Spring and Summer, and can't wait to try the men's version, but I haven't seen it anywhere here in Brisbane, yet. But I can't wait - and I truly hope it resembles the original.Cheers, and enjoy. 6/10 from me, and thumbs up.
positive Most D&G fragrances are just too much for me, but this is lovely. It's refreshing and crisp with good sillage.  I like this and Jardin sur les Nil by Hermes for summer.
positive The top notes for me show a great deal of citrus and a hint of the fruity middle notes, but they fade away very rapidly on my skin, even the midnotes don't show a lot of presence and sadly, i don't find that it has a strong -not even a faint- white rose note,the note i was most interested in, maybe that white rose was  the type that wasn't very fragrant. What i get the most, and what sticks to me like glue for hours, is the base, and the white musk is the one note that wins over the rest. Strangely, it has a similar drydown to VC&A's Automne wich has a lot of woodsy notes. The cedarwood is also very present. I didn't find it womanly and i felt it could easily be an unisex scent. Well, in the case that your skin (like mine) skips the fruits and flowers and goes straight to the base). 
positive This is one of the only fragrances that can ENTIRELY pull off what i like to call a 'citrus blast.' The top notes are heavenly, and from there on it develops beautifully! Fairly cheap, and one of the most commonly ripped off perfumes YTD!

negative I was looking for a gift and sniffed this one inadvertently. What a regret, I wish I never had. It's not a fragrance, it's an essential stench!It’s horrible, suffocating, bitter, nasty, irritating, all permeating, and not going away. It made me sick and nauseated for at least half an hour just by smelling it. I remember from a long time ago the same "aroma" was hovering over the fragrance counter at a VERY cheap department store. On a positive side though, it can make an excellent agent for the chemical warfare - will disable your adversaries in split seconds and it lasts! Unfortunately, I can not specify the ingredients, but I wish I knew what they were, so if I saw them I would have a chance to avoid getting sick again.
negative Don't like it on myself or anyone else. It starts out saying, "Don't pay any attention to me, I'll be fading away any minute," and rather than vanishing, ends up smelling like spoiled baby formula. I tried very hard to like it, but ultimately, it didn't merit the effort. I don't understand what all the fuss is about and I think if anyone still wears it in 20 years, it will be because they are giving it away at TJ Maxx. Smells exactly like all the other watery frags of that started off the millennium and made you wish you had been born in time to wear the frags of the 1920s.
negative I am so over this perfume.  Seven years ago, I used four sprays and promptly gave it to a friend.  I'm not literate enough in the language of perfume to explain why I don't like it.  I just don't.  Maybe it's the fruit or the distinct smell of light blue I'm not crazy about.   Light Blue on a man is difficult to envision. (not that there's anything wrong with that.)  What a man he'd have to be to pull THAT off.The friend to whom I gave my Light Blue loved it...and the friend is a she. 
negative Instant headache potion.I owned and loved this for a few months when I was 13 or 14, back when it was fashionable. I'm not sure what happened, but overnight I couldn't wear it anymore. I think it is the cloyingly sweet woodsy note that burns itself into my brain and attempts to fry it. Sadly, I now am at the point where I can get physically ill even smelling the *cloud* emanating from someone else wearing it on the street or (god forbid) in a closed space like a train. 
negative I really expected to like this one, but don't care for it at all. Hopefully a friend will like it and take my bottle off my hands.  It smells artificial and harsh to me.  I agree with the comment about it smelling masculine. 

neutral Opens with powdery citrus then dries down as Iso E Super's synthetic cedar (or if you like, it dries down as Escentric 01).  I find that I like the smell of Iso E Super, so no complaints on that score from me.  Over all this fragrance strikes me as clean and pleasant, if not exactly exciting.  It's a nice step up from the floral or musky nightmares aimed at the general market.  I would find it more interesting on a guy, if only because it would be more unexpected.
neutral Smells wonderful and thought hubby would love the fruity notes, but I had on too much of the lotion and ruined its first impression. He said it made his eyes water. But in all I liked it but it was more of a scent I would have preferred to smell on a man. Misleading to me because it wasn't "feminine" scented.
neutral Way too popular for its own good: at this stage of her life, Light Blue is quite slutty and random. No spark or lucidity left in its soul. It 'was' pleasant once, but after three of my girlfriends, who are absolutely catty and hate each other tremendously, have used the exact same scent in gross quantities -and guess what the scent was- since they first grew breasts, to me Light Blue has very little left in its reserve to impress me. God, get a grip: there are so many other designer scents out there ready to be explored. Does Dolce&Gabbana put some secret addictive substance in this bottle? Even the 'Angel' monsters are less adamant than the 'Light Blue' fanatics. It was a good scent, that is why it is 'neutral.' It is a good feminine woods smell, and those are -or were- hard to come by... once. But not anymore. Make no mistake: this is perhaps the most abused scent of the decade - right up there with Davidoff Cool Water and L`Eau D`Issey. Light Blue is not a scent that will make you stand out in the crowd: it will make you a part of the herd. It will make you 'fit in.' If that is the objective, then you cannot find any other scent that is this flawless.  Enough already.  
neutral Initial impressions are citrus with a slightly floral background. Extremely redundant of Dior Higher, at least to my memory. A perfectly fine citrus scent, but not very mature. I definitely wouldn't wear it in the cold weather, and wouldn't buy it after age 24 or so.
neutral I love the fresh blast of the beginning and the soapy-clean dry down, but somewhere in the middle (about 2-4 hours after applying it) it starts smelling like very strong, very plasticky air freshener to me, reminiscent of fresh Gucci Rush. When it's worn by other people I can only smell the nice musky base notes, but it just doesn't work on me.
neutral I don't get the big deal with this fragrance. It seems dated and masculine to me. 
positive Having lots of reviews can help to aggragate the overall notes and impressions of a fragrance for those who are interested in or contemplating partaking of a particular scent. With Farenheit there is such a polarized reaction it is astounding. Such deep reverence and such complete loathing. For the same fragrance, Farenheit. Having learned that some fragrances take a few wears to 'get' and understand, and finally be able to enjoy I took the plunge.

Farenheit(1988)
I mow. I have a gas lawnmower. It's old and has grass clippings caked on it. I'm kinda sloppy when I put gas in it. I fire it up and start my first passes and Christian Dior somehow made that the opening of Farenheit. After getting over being totally flabbergasted that my fossil fuel burning mundane yard task has been 'cologned' I have convinced myself to give it some time as the dry down leather may be totally worth it. I want to stress that I totally get the negative reviews, yet want to like this as it is unique and artfully constructed, as I mentioned the leather piqued my interest and strikes me as worth thumbs up for its legend and leather alone. 

Pros: leather, unique, well crafted, infamous
Cons: very challenging, opening may be 'aquired taste', very polarized reviews. 

positive Fahrenheit EDT - 

Love to overspray this one! Sporting a ridiculous amount of accords, nothing else smells like Fahrenheit and for me it remains the most creative men's frag from the house of Dior. 

I prefer to wear it in warmer weather when my chest hair can roam free through a wide open collar. 

4 stars.  
positive Fahrenheit by Dior opens with a mixture of green notes and citrus. Among them, the most prominent are the floral aroma of hawthorn and the sweetness of mandarin. Fahrenheit quickly brings associations with meadows in spring, which was largely due to the composition of lavender and camomile. A little roughness is added by bergamot and lemon. Honeysuckle also plays a very important role in the initial phase of the scent. Its characteristic, sweetish aroma is one of the signature elements of Fahrenheit. The opening of the composition is undoubtedly intriguing and draws attention.

In the heart, violet takes over the scent. Its aroma is green, rough and tart at the same time. Unquestionably masculine. Cool, yet warm. This warmth, however comes also from other notes as jasmine, clove and nutmeg were used to generate it too. The last one gives the composition additional spicy character. All this has been combined around soft and creamy sandalwood.

In the base, is a almost petrol-like leather accord which is accompanied by vetiver, styrax and mastic, which is a natural resin obtained from mastic tree. Fahrenheit's finish is therefore both balsamic and dry. 
positive I bought a 1.7 oz. bottle 3 days ago and have been mesmerized by it's magic. I just ordered the 3.4 oz. bottle. Out of my 70+ bottle fragrance collection I can confidently say already that FAHRENHEIT is now my favorite of them all. I am simply blown away. This is THE best male fragrance I have ever experienced in my life! Why the hell didn't I try this years ago??? I have been searching and searching for that "ONE" fragrance for years. THIS IS IT!!!  
positive Love at first sniff?

Fahrenheit was my first fragrance purchased in about 1997, when it was already out of date. But ever since my first smell of it in the late 80's at the mall, I was mesmerized by it.

I went through jugs of this in the past - I think at one point there was a 150ml spray? By the time I actually bought it, it was $20 at Shoppers Drug Mart.  I remember it being *the* smell of gay night clubs. 

I now have a hard time picking out notes. It's always been floral to me - I didn't know it was violets until later in life. But now all I can smell is "Fahrenheit".

I very rarely this anymore. But it will always be my "first".
positive 2000 version...  It's been years since I've smelled this.  I immediately remember its charms.  I owned a miniature years ago and I loved it then - I love it now.  At least, this version; Is it still as good?

It's just the perfect blend of notes.  The top holds the beauty of violet and hawthorn, and the deep, rich note of mace.  For me, it's a time machine of good memories.  My then boyfriend used to try to steal a dab, until I hid it.  He didn't understand why or how I could wear a "men's" fragrance.  I felt it to be unisex.  I still do.

It's a kind of Hot floral, or at least warm.  Outdoorsy but, not of woods.  It's a field of aromas.  A dusty aromatic.  Hints of green leaves later, in the heart.  Touches of a fougere style.  Never heavy.  Goes along smoothly.  Well-blended throughout its wear.

Fern-like beauty in the base.  Other notes are undiscernible except a bit of styrax and leather.  Those notes are a bit more pronounced.  It lasts and lasts.  Magnificent! 
positive Damn this is good. I'm challenged to add something useful to the dialogue because we've got some really, really good analytical reviews below (especially from Zealot Crusader, as usual). I'll try to give my take as a new hobbyist on the current formulation and some of my emotional responses to it. 

First of all: I love me some violet leaf. I opened my box of Fahrenheit with great anticipation because I'd read of the famed barrel note and was keen to have it give me a rowdy elbow to the nose. 

I was somewhat surprised that my first impression of Fahrenheit was the cucumbery aspect of violet leaf, which bloomed into something metallic/floral and then went to full on diesel blast (not unlike opening a bag of good Charlie in my more wayward days). Not exactly what I expected, but dear Jeebus do I love it - the tiny little nuances within those big, bombastic accords are where the true artistry of Fahrenheit really comes out. 

If I'm honest, I don't get many individual notes, but as Mister Surgery has eloquently said, I don't think that's the point of this. 

The opening, to me, kicks off like someone using a steel muddler to make a Hendricks and cucumber martini in a workshop. As you hang around and sip the drink (probably poured into a reds plastic cup for irony), the smell of their leather jacket and its grass stains drift through your awareness. This is a good day of drinks, friendship, talking shit and working on cars bottled for your consumption. 

Hendricks, for those unfamiliar with it, is a scottish gin composed with only juniper, rosewater and cucumber in the mash bill. Fahrenheit actually reminds me a lot of one of my friends who's a gin nut... he studied mechancial engineering whilst working as a motor mechanic, so the picture being created by the perfumers literally conjures a character straight to my mind. 

That's probably what contributes to the picture I have of Fahrenheit being intelligent and having real depth to go along with its brashness and roguishness. I think a good part of that impression is the genius of the construction as much as it is my emotional impression, but there's no doubt that for me this isn't a like, it's a definite love. 

Projection and performance are wonderful and I can attest that the current iteration is excellent. I'm now intrigued to sample vintages to see what a more profound barrel note feels like, but I doubt I'll enjoy this version any less. Emphatic thumbs up. 
positive Reminds me of my high school auto mechanics class and leather jackets. Took a long while my nose to detect the florals, but eventually they peeked out.  So different and so out of the box for me.  Doesn't work for me to wear personally but I love this scent on others.  
positive Best perfume. I always wear the 1988 version.
positive I really do not get this “it smells like gasoline” thing. Or leather. Really? Is the current 2019 formulation of it that bad? I have a vintage bottle. One that I purchased myself in December of 1991, at the Emporium department store in San Francisco. It’s still half full. It doesn’t smell like ANY of these things. It’s a classic, dark, woodsy masculine fragrance. But gasoline? No, not AT ALL.
positive Fahrenheit is a true example of a fragrance being more than the sum of its parts.  I don't smell each component individually (I can if I try, but that's NOT the point of Fahrenheit); I smell three distinct "scents," each of which I will describe below.

First, as Fahrenheit is renowned for, the opening smells like diesel fuel.  As a car nut, and as someone who used to race and who still works on cars in my spare time, I can't help but love it.

Second, it smells like leather.  Not fine leather like you'd find on Coach gloves or Bottega Venetta leather goods; the kind of leather you smell on engineer boots or a biker jacket.  Workingman's leather.

Finally, an almost wet, grassy/vegetal smell.  The kind you smell on a dewy sports field on a cool morning.  

Mix all of three of those motifs together, and you get Fahrenheit.  Nothing more, nothing less.  It's pretty straightforward, unambiguous, and impeccably done.

Now, the issue is whether or not you want to smell like that.   I can't imagine many women wanting their man to smell like diesel-soaked leather, and although I love the smell of Fahrenheit, from a practical standpoint, it's not a fragrance that I wear very often.  I don't want to show up to a business meeting smelling like I just replaced a faulty fuel line, nor would I want to go out to dinner smelling like I just stepped off of the set of "Sons of Anarchy."  But that's just me.  

Although this is not a fragrance I get much use out of, I love it.  How could you not?  It's so unique and impeccably done.  If you've never smelled it, you owe it to yourself to do so.  It's a classic, without any doubt, and although I rarely find myself wearing it, there's no way that I could give Fahrenheit anything less than a thumbs up.




positive It smells like gas.  This is a good thing.  It is manly.  There is just nothing like it.  Unbelievable that it got green lighted.  Masterpiece.  Benchmark.  Thumbs up so hard it hurts. 
positive Nothing to add to previous reviews. Alpha male masterpiece. 

Disregard reform criticism. It smells and project amazingly, like the first one I had in the 90s.
positive One of the first men's fragrances that I had personally bought and enjoyed as a teenager. Fahrenheit is arguably a living legend, having old-school followers and even a new generation of wearers to boot.

Fahrenheit can be summarized as spicy-gasoline-leather, with intensities that differ depending on how vintage a bottle you are spraying from. The heavier gas vibe comes from the older bottles, with an eventual directive by the IFRA not to utilize the notes involved. Even still, I find the recent formulations to do justice and resemble the vintage bottles well enough.

There is an energizing, adventurous vibe to Fahrenheit that feels so right, so daring. Every time I wore it, I felt like I had entered into a realm of macho, bold cologne expression that would draw attention. 

This is a means-business type cologne! Even after so many decades, I still find myself turning to Fahrenheit, as well as several of the wonderful flankers that have since come out (i.e. Fahrenheit 32 and Aqua Fahrenheit, most notably). But I will forever respect and treasure Fahrenheit original - whatever the formulation - as one of the first scents to really get me into the world of smelling and collecting prestige men's colognes as a whole.  
positive Ah yes  :) put on that leather jacket, nice leather shoes or work boots (which ever suits your style as a man), go take a walk through the leaves in the all or a stroke through those orange, yellow, brown and red woods and set up a camp fire. Don't be ashamed to chop the wood yourself, either. Oh, yeah, and make sure it's a beautiful night out, also.  Moon, stars, maybe a few clouds. Cologne or not, everyone can agree that it would be a perfect night. Imagine feeling that feeling of a night like that every time you smell a scent? Well, here you go.  It's a mature scent, but it is possible to pull it off for younger guys but you'll need to dress maturely (harder than it sound). Ya can't sport a suit With this so you'll need less but more. Unless you tackle the classic "bad boy greaser" look which would be great with this also. This is one of those fragrances that challenges your ability to be a man in a fashionable sense. Are you a construction worker or an outdoorsman? This is for you (although I wouldn't wear them during those activities). Just a guy who loves being out in the open or just love the cool weather and the feel of a cold day out in nature or anywhere on earth and sport a good leather jacket? Grab yourself a bottle of this stuff. I don't wear it often as I've had a bottle for the past 3 years but never wore it except one time. I was a Marine so there weren't many situations where I wasn't in the field for training and wouldn't have smoked people out with the sheer projection of this big guy. But out of the field, if I was ever in nature and didn't opt for other bottles due to situations, I would've grabbed this (I have other fragrances that suited those situations). Now I'm settled down ano am looking forward to using this officially at some point this fall and winter 

I used to also have the parfume or perfume version (not sure what it's called). But it was even better. Be sure to look it up and give both bottles a shot but I prefer the parfume version for an every day wear if that's your thing
positive There are good fragrances, great fragrances, and masterpieces. Dior's Fahrenheit is an unqualified masterpiece. It epitomizes the art of perfumery in ways that few fragrances before or since have done, and is notable - in my opinion - for one thing: it smells like Fahrenheit. 

Yes, it opens with a prominent gasoline accord. Full petrol. Gas-station-level petroleum distillates. This note is fleeting and glorious. It's rugged and perfectly balanced. The potentially noxious opening gives way to a dry down that is absolutely remarkable: the blending is so masterful that it's difficult to discern separate notes. Some fragrances travel from bright and citrusy to dark, woodsy, or floral. Some even travel from spicy and peppery to chocolatey and gourmand. Fahrenheit travels from Fahrenheit to Fahrenheit. When the petrol fades, you're left with a incongruously fruity, spicy, leathery, AND woody scent as evidence of Dior's exquisite genius. Tonka? Perhaps amber? Maybe some cedar? Leather. Musk? Yes, but not really. Patchouli? It's there, but maybe not. Stryax and lily of the valley? Sure. Whatever. It's all, and it's none. 

It's Fahrenheit. Is it green? Red? Does it matter?

Past and current formulations seem equally reactive to body heat. While Fahrenheit absolutely sizzles in warm environs; its sillage and projection are ideal for colder weather. This smell like a fall/winter scent to me. I'll agree with previous reviews suggesting new formulations suffer from longevity issues, but only by a hair, and only in comparison to older formulations: comparatively, Fahrenheit is still an incredible performer. 

It's warm. It's comforting. It's woody, green, and fruity, and floral, and citrusy, and leathery, and it is absolutely greater than the sum of its parts. Yes, it smells a bit like spilling gasoline in a new car while driving through a cedar grove full of flowers and old boots. And I love it. 

I rank Fahrenheit alongside the most influential fragrances of all time. 

Scent: 10/10
Sillage: 10/10
Projection: 10/10
Longevity: 7/10




positive Fahrenheit is a watershed fragrance on the same level of provocation as most Dior masculines, save maybe the mild-mannered Jules (1980), and has both a legion of devout users and folks who've "crossed paths" with the scent unsuccessfully. Whether or not you find the scent fascinating in it's appeal or just altogether odd depends on how you feel about it's "barrel note", but more on that later. Fahrenheit plays on hot and cold tones within it's main structure, fusing a cool floral top with a warm woodsy middle, a base of green leather and tonka, plus that all-powerful X factor no other fragrance has, nor even can have, because the creation of Fahrenheit's most characteristic quality was a total accident. Michael Almairac, Maurice Roger, and Jean-Louis Sieuzac were all competing perfumers working on primitives to win the bid fo the next masculine Dior fragrance, but none had their idea accepted by the design house, and tossed their samples all in the same waste barrel for disposal. As fate would have it, that barrel sat out in the sunlight for a while and fused together, essentially "cooking" into one, and when somebody returned to find the barrel still there, the smell that came off was evidently so captivating that Dior had chemists analyze a sample of it so the perfumers could form a new composition around it as the base! The infamous "barrel note" is really just leather and a strong violet at it's core, which is the root cause for the petrol smell everyone comments on when they sniff the opening of Fahrenheit, but there's a mish-mash of whatever else was in those original perfume formulas in there too, cooked up and reduced in a way only nature could, so it's impossible to replicate without having the formula gleaned from the sample's analysis. The rest of Fahrenheit is more or less the same late 80's men's floral ya-ya that everyone was doing right before the age of aquatics when calone and dihydromyrcenol took over as the chemistry du jour, and is one of few such floral powerhouses from the era still available.

I'd be lying if I said this strange and cool circumstance wasn't part of the appeal for me, but beyond that, what you end up with here is a scent that fuses the "petrol leather" smell of something antique like Knize Ten (1924), with a violet-led green floral chypre that compares favorably with scents like Chanel No 19 (1971), or Jacomo Silences (1978). We have another situation here like so many of this genre where the masculine or feminine lean is entirely dependent on marketing, and a woman could totally pull this off given she enjoys that petrol leather aura. The opening of Fahrenheit is hawthorne, and honeysuckle, both really odd choices for a men's fragrance, further asserting my previous statement on gender, with bergamot, mandarin, and lavender rounding it out to keep it cool. The bergamot and mandarin aren't really enough to make this a citrus-led scent, as that "barrel note" comes out the gate right away to greet the nose, followed by a warm middle of sandalwood, cedar, chamomile, nutmeg, muguet, jasmine, and the prominent violet which also helps define Fahrenheit. Base notes are all green save the amber, and come in with the leather, patchouli, vetiver, styrax and tonka. The gasoline-like "barrel note" was reduced in 2011 because it evidently didn't meet IFRA standards, but it's still plenty there, and I've smelled both deep vintage from a year after the scent launched, and a more-recent 2015 bottle, with only the presence of the "gasoline smell" dialed back a bit in the newer one. The big deciding factor of hunting vintage or getting newer bottles entirely comes down to what you want to smell more: the "barrel note" itself or wonderful floral chypre surrounding that infamous accord, because that's what you're picking between when you choose vintage or new production, respectively. For me it's a hard choice, but ultimately the newer one wins out simply because of convenience.

Fahrenheit is also infamously brutal on longevity, although sillage can be controlled better than haters will have you believe by simply avoiding your face when applying. A spray on the chest and upper back before donning the shirt is the best way to keep your own personal "barrel bubble" closer to you. I quite like the stuff, and it stands up to heat as well as cold, because it's sharp floral nature prevents Fahrenheit from being too sweet, thick, or cloying like many things this spicy. After all, this is a leather scent we're talking here, and they're known to be pretty hardy in many weather conditions, it's just most leather scents are saddled with aromatics or tons of shrill citrus and powder to narrow their usability. Fahrenheit falls into the same relative class of "dandy-like" floral dalliances laced with something very 80's and very potent, which in this case is styrax over the usual civet found in these kinds of things. Fahrenheit does wear surprisingly well in the 21st century because of it's gender-neutral florals, which combined with it's feverish fan base, explains it's continued production for 30 years, and that's totally outside the fact that the curiosity of experiencing the scent's fuel-like signature accord just keeps drawing new people in. I enjoy this immensely, but I'll be blunt: you have to enjoy stiff leather, florals, and green chypre base notes to truly enjoy Fahrenheit, regardless of the marketing hoo-hah Dior tosses at you, so if green floral chypres or prominent leather accords aren't for you, this is no exception, so sample before going over a barrel with a full bottle purchase. I'd say this is best worn on casual days or out with friends, running errands, and nights at home. If you want to dare this in the office space or a date, you're probably the kind of risk-taker Dior tailors their Fahrenheit ads towards, but don't say I didn't warn you when you get mixed reactions. A divisive but genre-defining classic that scratches an itch for those strange friends everyone has that actually enjoy the smell of gasoline. 
positive As many, I also thoguht I was smelling gasoline out of Fahrenheit, but I was wrong. It was only after getting in touch and possessig both Chanel Cuir de Russie and Cuir de Lancome, which have the same petrol smell, tha I came to realiza that in fact that it doesn't smell of petrol, but Leather.

Altohough I like it very much, I have to be in the mood for Fahrenheit, otherwise is like being chased by a shadow that it's not my owm.
positive When I was in high school in the 90's I remember walking down the hall and some guy passed by me wearing this and I was instantly attracted to the scent. I literally walked around all week sniffing guys as they passed to try to find this scent. I just had to know what it was! When I finally found out who the guy was and what he was wearing, I went straight to the mall and bought it. The scent was so amazing that I became instantly obsessed with it. Newer versions don't do justice to it. There truly is no comparison to the original. Every now and then I'll pass a random guy who still has this, and every single time my head still turns on instinct.
positive This smell was unique! (non citrus but not spicy...)
I absolutely loved it in 1990 when I fist came across it.
Strong scent, Massive projection, good longevity
10/10

I bought it again in 2017 after a 20 year lapse BUT
the smell is weaker and slightly different (almost chemical) and its projection and longevity is now average
Has it been reformulated? Have I bought a fake? Was my bottle out of date
Based on this 3/10
positive Fell in love with this instantly.
This is a bit of dry fragrance, first impression is that it smells like some expensive wood furniture and a bit of gasoline. I don't even like dry OR woody smelling cologne but that gasoline note is what makes this great.
What I most like about Dior's Fahrenheit is that it's so different from the powerhouses of the 80s, the fresh aquatics of the mid 90s, and the sugar sweets of the '10s. 
A true masterpiece of masculine originality. 
While this is ever so slightly dated, reminding me of the mid-to-late 90s for some reason, it doesn't feel like old-man cologne to me, not at all. It's very stylish and modern in my opinion.
It's a love it or hate it fragrance, and because of that, it's not an easy one to wear. 
UPDATE:
I wore this again, and for the first hour or so it was projecting nicely, and smelled great. After about 2-3 hours, it was still projecting but it lost some of it's more pleasant-smelling qualities, and got rougher and dirty-smelling. To me, it was somewhat of an unclean smell.
I'm keeping the good rating, because maybe this fragrance just doesn't mix well with my skin, but I won't be wearing it again.

positive Beautifully wrong.
Woody Gasoline Pour Femme.
Truly wonderful.
positive I didn't care for Fahrenheit in the beginning.  And I'm talking vintage, 30 Avenue Hoche.  Very peculiar use of violet.  I didn't quite get the "gasoline" accord many have commented on, but more of a "clinical green."  I think it's closer to turpentine than gasoline, but in a good way.  There is something in turpentine that's pleasant. A highly astringent woody green.  I almost let go of my bottle, but decided to keep it.  And I have to say it has grown on me.  I must give it a thumbs up for the principle of it.  It's a very unique fragrance and was done well initially.  The later version is OK.  But the vintage... is something special.  I give it a 3/5 rating because I wouldn't want to wear this much, but I'm glad to have it in my collection.
positive I don't wear it as often as i did in yesteryear but i still think it's one of the best fragrances out there. It's so unique and different from all the others out there. A true classic and very versatile one. 

negative This stuff does not work on me.  It smells TERRIBLE.  The petroleum-fuel smell is overpowering and does not go away.  It smells like an accident in a garage that one would use Goop hand cleaner to wash off -- but it doesn't wash off easily.  Thumbs DOWN.
negative Oh. My. God.

Im really sorry, I know this is well liked by a lot, but this is terrible. I do not like it at all. It really does smell like some sort of vehicle lubricant. I had to get it, to see what the hype is about, and it's not good. It hasn't completely dried down as I write this, and i will give it a chance, but I cant see it improving from here. It smells like roses soaked in watered down gasoline or car oil. I am younger, but I do enjoy a mature scent, when the right mixture is present, but oh boy it's bad. 

If you are into more modern, younger, fresher scents, do not buy this! Especially if you're taste lies in with citrus or sporty scents. 

Again, I apologize for offending those who think this note makeup is genius. It's just not for me. It's the first fragrance that gave me a headache and made me feel a bit nauseous. 

If this lightens up and drastically changes after a bit, I will submit a positive review. 

neutral I associated Fahrenheit with notes of rich black pepper and violets, followed by mown grass.  Now, though the violets are still present, there is a haze of leather, sharp-smelling spices, and mustiness, that is volatile and not entirely enjoyable, but lends a certain radiance to things.  Memory can be unreliable, and perhaps it was senseless trying to recapture something in the past.  My old flame, I saw you only a few times in my life, and what I thought was there may have been imaginary.
neutral Radically underwhelming. Not offensive, not bad, but was disappointed.
neutral TAKE IT FROM ME:

I ran out of gas on the highway so I poured this into my fuel tank.

Just playing but yall know what I'm saying.

Them people on "My Strange Addiction" would love this cologne. .
neutral I had this in the 1990's.  Nice for the time but it just didn't do it for me. I don't believe it smells dated just not my cup of tea. It's strong from the start and the fuel smell is a non starter for me. I do like the woody dry down but the opening is just a terrible experience for me. Overall neutral.
positive Fahrenheit hit in 1988 and was an instantaneous commercial success. It was a bold scent, innovative in concept and execution and was immediately recognizable as something new. It might have been developed using the framework of the fougère, but unlike the other massive launch of the year, Cool Water, it bore little resemblance to the genre. Fahrenheit’s infamous gasoline note gave it an edginess that separated it from other masculine fragrances. 1988 was effectively pre-niche and unorthodox perfumes were rare. Dior bet that there was an unmet demand for a fragrance that didn’t play by the ‘normal’ rules of scent. The combination of gasoline and dehydrated sweetness gave Fahrenheit a deliberately synthetic appearance and distanced it from the fougères and woody chypres that were still the norm for masculine fragrances. The olfactory image of gasoline is convincing. The dryness of woods and the coolness of the violet leaf suggest volatility, like drops of gasoline evaporating from your skin.

To Dior’s credit, they didn’t simply take a traditional perfume and dress it out with ‘avant-garde’ images and a trendy ad campaign. They created a straight-up oddball that didn’t fit easily into existing categories. What’s interesting, though, is that while Fahrenheit was groundbreaking, it wasn’t without precedent. Dior seem to have learned from a few great masculine fragrances of the prior dozen years. The pressurized hiss of violet leaf is a nod to Grey Flannel and the aggressively dry woods are reminiscent of Antaeus. The last piece in the puzzle comes from perfumer Jean-louis Sieuzac himself. Two years before he co-authored Fahrenheit for Dior, Sieuzac composed Hermès Bel Ami, a sumptuous leather chypre with a noticeable whiff of gasoline. He isolated the gasoline note and amplified it to form the basis of Fahrenheit.

Fahrenheit juggled offbeat style and mainstream PR and production streams with remarkable success. Take a look at a network sit-com or an action movie from 1988. Or a fashion magazine. Listen to some 1988 pop music. Most of it doesn’t hold up very well. (see above.) Fahrenheit on the other hand might come off as era-specific, but not dated. It has survived reformulation, the vagaries of trend and an increasingly competitive market yet remains distinctive.
positive Chronologie II

I've always had difficulties to find the words for describing the most beautiful of perfumes.

Overproduction in perfume industry resulted with hundreds of new perfume houses whose offer has already been seen. Too many leather and oud combinations made people smell like worn off russian counts and desert bedouins, and almond, coconut and vanilla are just waking nutritional scents.

Sadly, today one can rarely find a perfume which is strictly made for male or female. New directions are being formed in which undecided perfumes are preferred, so both males and females now smell the same. Just to be straight, I have nothing against this kind of perfumes, because many of them smell really nice and some of them I have in my collection, but first of all I'm an old school kind of guy and my opinion is that a perfume has to have a 'side'. However, as time goes by, and by judging by the offer, the expectations are low that a new perfume, that will impersonate either male or female, will emerge.

In rush of aggressive propaganda which puts niche production in forefront, Fahrenheit still firmly holds its place on top by its originality, beauty, quality and, the most important, masculinity. If there is a male perfume which holds the essence of a real masculine man, then this is the one. It is a cult perfume you can either love or hate, nothing in between, which gives you a feeling that the perfume chose you and not the other way around. I own the first formula, dated in 1987, and every formula that came after it. It has been a bit 'damaged' by reformulations, but still it kept its style and recognizability.

I will finish this review by quoting one man who gave the best description of this masterpiece: When man becomes of my age and looks behind him.. he sees all kinds of things. Ups, downs, joys that take over your being, sorrows that rip you apart strongly enough that you think you can't take it anymore. And now, if I were to sit down and describe that kind of human life on a piece of paper, I would put that paper in an envelope and seal it with Fahrenheit. 

The smell of life has the same notes as this perfume...

positive Opium... Bel Ami... Fahrenheit!

Sieuzac was not prolific, but with icons like that on his CV, he could easily make many a nose green with envy.

Fahrenheit was a rebel when it was released, and it still is to this day. A true gamechanger. Not just in the world of fragrance, but probably also for many of the wearers. I know it changed a lot for me.

Fahrenheit was probably the scent, that made me realise, that fragrances are not just nice smells; they can be art and stir one's emotions.

How evocative it was! That almost chameleonic ability to morph between gentle florals and creamy woods, and into a leatherjacket wearing, lawn-mowing animal.

Many say it is more of a winter fragrance, but to me it has always screamed "SUMMER!" From the first spray years ago, it has always conjured up the image of fresh cut grass and a petrol-driven lawn mower. When I need to feel and smell the summer, this is what I reach for.

Ever since that first day, it has been a mainstay of my evergrowing collection, always hanging on to the top, as one of my true favourites.

They say first loves never truly die.

When it comes to Fahrenheit, the saying is most fitting; I will always love this one and have it in my collection.

PS: My mum thought it smelled like pickled cucumbers.
positive Another northbound thumb.

I don't wear it often but will probably always have an early iteration bottle (pre ifra-styrax restriction)in my stable.

Well-worn lawnmower replete with caked clippings slowly composting away. Sour. Honeysuckle. Summer  wear appeal. 

My nose, oddly perhaps, identifies overlap in its non-floral structure with Or Black.
positive Unique, classy, manly and just god damn PERFECT!!

Fahrenheit was the second fragrance that I ever bought just after Jazz at the tender age of 14. Now approaching 40 I am as mesmerized as ever! Okay....So the formula has changed slightly but not as much as many say. In fact the latest batch seems to be the closest to the original. Maybe it lacks the legs and staying power but still unmistakably Fahrenheit. 

In it's vintage formula this is the closest thing to male perfumery perfection I have ever sampled.

Light years ahead of its time!!

11/10  


positive I don't think my review of it is much needed, but I think it deserves one more thumb up! Oh, cucumber...
positive An all time legend. Some would even go as far to say this is sex in a bottle. It is just supreme and I never tire of it. Great for going out, great for work and great for a nice day at home. It is versatile and very sexy. Went through a good few bottles.
positive Picture a bunch of Adam Levine fans in a room together. Now picture a Bruce Springsteen fan coming in and wedging himself in the middle of the Levine fans. This is what I see when noticing Fahrenheit among the other colognes at the tester counter at Macy’s. 

Fahrenheit is a classic of the old school style, but it’s “classic" nature is timeless and is what makes it so enduring and timeless. It’s like Uncle Jesse or Fonzie.  Who wouldn’t think these guys aren’t cool anymore?

Fahrenheit is my signature scent for the fall. I wear it every day from October through November. And I never tire of it. Or get fatigued from it. It’s just that great. 
The petroleum smell is there, sure. It’s a gasoline smell of 1988 to be sure, but it transcends that era and fits into the modern age.  The gasoline (of whatever combination of notes creates the effect) does not overpower, it makes its grand entrance on center stage – does its solo number under the spot light for about 1 hour, and then dutifully slips back in the chorus with all the other notes.  And the other notes? Awesome.  Every day I smell something different. Some days I get a whiff of nutmeg (which is why this fits squarely in Fall to my nose) Some days the leather shines throughout. Others, the floral creeps in and takes a solo.   It’s as if this was some kind of jazz track, with the petroleum note starting off and each notes taking turns coming in to take a stab at the main melody. And the main melody?  The sum of all notes that is Fahrenheit.  

I have tried to dissect the notes (as I just tried now) and it always leaves me feeling I didn't do it justice. Fahrenheit is truly the sum of all parts. It’s not a "gasoline" scent. It’s not a "leather" scent. It’s Fahrenheit. You can’t analyze the humor of a good joke and well, sometimes you can’t really take apart the greatness of a master fragrance blend. 

So I'll just say that the reason why this is such a great fragrance... is that it smells like Fahrenheit. 

Well done! 
10/10

positive This has to be in my top 5 fragrances of all time..truelly a piece of genius to incorporate that petrol/violet smell into a fresh green type of scent..I'm talking about the 2016 formulation which I don't think has suffered from reformulation..my last purchase of this would of been in 1998. I prefer the original over the absolute version, I personally don't like that strange sweaty curry smell in absolute.. the aqua version is very nice with added spearmint and cucumber notes. Dior are the best designer fragrance house that incorporate leather into their scents in my opinion ..like dior homme edt, they blend floral's with leather superbly. The dry down in this could be bottled separately and renamed in their high end line, beautiful rugged engine room leather.
positive  Reviewing a Vintage 2002 Fahrenheit. Fahrenheit was a sensation in the late 80's, early 90's. I was living in my Bel Ami, Tiffany for Men cloud during those first few years, so I missed the glory days wearing it myself, however always admired it on others. The Violet note as constructed in this, I was to meet later and is what attracts me to Heeley's CPF.
This sample of 2002 has all elements that most remember of the original. Floral Violet sitting on top of a Petroleum Leathery Base. Brilliantly conceived and still stands alone in it's originality. Occurs to me that it projected more in the earlier years, however most of us oversprayed in that Era.
Rightly a Masterpiece.
positive I like Absolute version a lot more than current Fahrenheit. Vintage up until 2012 Fahrenheit, though, is superior.

If you can't find 2012 or earlier, get Absolute instead. Or if you like Midnight in Paris, absolute is a richer version of it.
positive BLUF:  A brilliant, unique, unforgettable green scent.  At risk of sounding cliché, it’s art.  To date, this and L’Homme Libre are my favorite uses of violet (haven’t tried Narciso for Him yet) although Fahrenheit Absolute & Parfum are up there too.  

A genius offering from Dior that is in my top 3, a fragrance that I’ll never be without.  I don’t subscribe to the “you can only wear this scent during that season” idea, but Fahrenheit does remind me of summer when I wear it…probably because people don’t mow their lawns in New England during the winter.  Yup, I’m there with the rest of the gas/grass crowd.

My personal take on it is this: The opening smells like the inside of a shed (yurt, in the case of my family) where the lawnmower, weed wacker, and tennis shoes that my Dad wore while mowing, are stored.  A mix of petrol fumes, cut grass, and a bit of leather.  There is a hint of something just barely sweet that peaks in and out over the life of the scent, but I don’t get honeysuckle sweetness at all.

Longevity is moderate for me (6-7 hours) as is sillage. 
Call my nose unrefined if you will, but I barely notice a difference between my bottles from 1999 and 2015, other than the newer bottle having better longevity.

No flankers come close to the original but Parfum and Absolute honor their forefather very well in their own beautiful way.
positive Just tried this reformulation after owning the original back in the 90's.  It's noticeably different from what I remember but still familiar.  Didn't think I was into it for the first 20 minutes but then it all settled down and I couldn't stop smelling it.  It's still so different from everything else out there...and addictive.  I can see how this would be an easy compliment-getter.
positive I wore Fahrenheit when I was in junior high school.  I remember when it came out and it was unlike anything I had smelled before.  I have smelled it many times since then and it always brought back a flood of memories.  I thought about wearing it again over the years because I loved it so much but I just didn't want to go back there.  Recently someone came in my office wearing it and it smelled so good.  I immediately recognized it but it was different to me somehow.  I found out that it had been reformulated in 2014.  I have it on now as I type this review and I'm loving it all over again.  It's Fahrenheit but it's not…..but it's still perfection.  It lasts all day on me and I get compliments all the time.  I really can't understand somebody not liking this fragrance.  It's a classic but it doesn't rest on the fact that it's a classic.  It still smells new and groundbreaking just like it did in the 80's.  This is quite possibly the best of all time.  
positive My favorite fragrance of all time, FAHRENHEIT...
2014 Formulation..

In the opening of this fragrance i get a mixture of used 85-W-90 Grade  gear oil + used 68 grade hydraulic oil + green paste from leaves, poured onto a leather seat....

After an hour's mark, all i get is a freshly polished leather shoes, where the smell of pure leather is prominent with a hint of shoe polish.

After 4 hours, all I am left up with is a Green Woody, leather & musk combo.

Really love the way it changes as the day progresses, never got a compliment though. I wear it for myself. Never get bored of it.

Longevity: 10+ hours easily
Projection: Average

10/10
positive Absolutely bloody marvellous scent. 
I tested today comparing a sample of 2010 vintage and a bottle bought last month from Geneva airport duty free. The review is the same for both except that the one marked difference I found was that the 2010 version held on to its "power" phase much longer before it became a skin scent. Otherwise, frankly, I couldn't tell the difference. 
It starts off eye-watering petrol, grease, with leather (or sweaty skin?) underneath. A bit later I also get a medicinal (Germoline) thing going on. You have to get your head round all that, but when you do, you'll want to keep going back and spraying it over and over again. Then, strong leather, the most fantastic leather scent ever. And a bit of lavender. 
It's pure cave man in its power phase. Like a super macho, cool, handsome car mechanic putting on his leather jacket after his shift. Yet really classy and unique at the same time. It makes me feel like I'm Marlon Brando on a motorbike. 
Longevity: long. Silage: for me, moderate (aka BIG)
Love the stuff. The original is still better than all the flankers. 
How could any man not want this?
September 2015

positive They recreated the smell of burning asphalt by mixing different flowers! How awesome is that?!

A timeless legend, unique and stylish.
positive Unique and timeless. One of the most romantic fragrance. You can go wrong with the classic and most successful Fahrenheit. An innovation created in the 80ties. 

What a performance even if I don't wear it often.

Long Life to Fahrenheit!

Masterpiece 9/10
positive Current formulation is among my top 2 favorite leathers, the other one being Hermes Bel Ami Vetiver.  The elegance of the leather/violet accord is breathtaking.
positive Salutation.

FAHRENHEIT is a ROOTY cologne.it is Great,similar to the other DIOR fragrances.The opening notes is a bit too rough for my nose but after 5 minutes it warms to an undeniable MASCULINE,PLEASANT and ROMANTIC.

The base notes is quite WOODY on my skin,invigorating with vetiver.You feel like a confidence unique person when You wear it and only with 2 spray can enjoy for a few hours.it is strong in SPECIAL way.

This wonderful scent not for day use because it is a little heavy in hot weather,definitely is an EVENING scent for a particular character in SPECIAL occasions.anyway it is unforgettable.

SILLAGE?OK

LONGEVITY?Like often DIOR colognes,Yes it is unparalleled.

8/10

negative Not my favorite. I bought this on a blind buy when it first came out. This is very strong and does not wear off. It projects down the block and makes my eyes water wearing it. I ordinarily love Dior frags, but this one is a stench bomb.
negative The stench that keeps on giving. Fahrenheit is just devastatingly terrible in my opinion. I can't think of a better way to describe it than to say something similar to what DEAN ja described in their review. It really does smell like pouring gasoline in to an old lawnmower. The gasoline smell has been spilled a lot on the lawnmower over the years, and the cut grass has been baked onto the lawnmower as well. This combination of gasoline and baked, old hot lawn clippings is a pretty good summation of the Fahrenheit experience. For those who enjoy that smell...this juice is for you. Two thumbs way down for me though...
negative One of the wonders of the world is how this fragrance was ever made, bottled and sold in stores for people to spray onto their skin and clothes. If you want to know what this smells like, imagine an automobile mechanic who changed car oil all day, came home from his job and decided to cut the grass before it got too late, came inside, took off his shirt, and suffocated you with it. Seriously. You smell cut grass, leather, gasoline, metal, and oil. I am not kidding you. I asked a few girls what they thought and they shook their heads and said "no. uh-uh. nope... not for a fragrance". Dior should add grapefruit accords to it for a natural body odor armpit scent to complete it. LOL. If you like it, that is fine. But it is not for me. Thank you for reading my review.
negative Back in middle school in the late '90s, Fahrenheit was THE cologne for guys to have. Problem was, it made the hallways smell like gasoline and leather during a particularly tumultuous time in our lives. To this day, many of my middle school classmates can still smell Fahrenheit in their nightmares. And every time I go into Sephora or Ulta, I pick up and sniff the tester to remind myself how much worse the selection of fragrances was back then. Smelled bad then, still smells bad now, and reformulations over the years haven't changed the nastiness one bit.

Simply put, Fahrenheit almost turned me off from fragrance forever. If it wasn't for sniffing Acqua di Gio on someone in high school, I wouldn't be on Basenotes.
negative All Fahrenheit smells like is Kiwi shoe polish on leather,real lime,and shredded violets minus the urine note.A very odd fragrance I could never conform to...thankfully it's weak and disappears after a few hours.This is one I'd say to try a tester first and tell the person describing it in poetry and prose to shut up so you can focus on the scent.

I have no clue how this fragrance manages to escape from being a clearance item considering $5 aftershaves have more imagination than Fahrenheit.
negative Never knew Fahrenheit was so popular and so well reviewed here.  And I can’t believe it’s taken me so long to review Fahrenheit as it was one of the 1st fragrances I ever had.  It was a gift from my father during the 90’s and it was an EdT splash.  Thinking it was after-shave strength, I splashed myself with a few handfuls.  Next thing I know, I was at the gas station and had accidentally doused myself with gas.  Vaporous and stringent gas fumes filled the room.  This is fragrance?  The bottle went to the bottom of the drawer and was taken out occasionally to see if my previous experience had been a cruel smell illusion.  Nope, still gas fumes.  Admittedly, it does get slightly better on the drydown as the gas fades a bit and the undertow of the leathery notes emerges.  I applaud the originality and the clever trick the violet plays with gasoline but in the end, I can’t get past the gas station connotation and ultimately cannot wear this.

3/10
negative One of the most vile concoctions I have ever had the displeasure to smell. . . 

I remember soon after it was launched, going to the mall in Sterling/Rock Falls, IL with my (now) husband. Some idiotic sprayer doused him with it as we were leaving the anchor store. I almost immediately began gagging and got stopped up and headache-y. We had to drive 20 miles home afterwards and I could not breathe. Thought I was going to die--seriously. He had to drive with all of the windows down (IL in winter), and hang partially outside the window. It stuck with him even after a long shower and airing out. 

Never in my life (before or since), have I had such a violent reaction to a scent. Not sure what the ingredient that was in it that got to me like that, but I hope to never experience it again. . . 

Dreadful stuff. Certainly memorable, though. . .


neutral "You either love it or hate it." 

I guess you could put me in the hate it group. Not so much that I hate it, I just don't like the petroleum smell very much -- from the opening to the dry down. 

From the sample I have I understand why it's been around for so long and why people love it so much. Dior did an exceptional job on the bottle design and naming for this one, it matches the fragrance perfectly. For me anyways, the smell is just too much. 

If you're a fan of the petroleum smell, this one is definitely for you. It is a very masculine fragrance. 

Packaging: 9/10
Quality: 6.25/10
Scent: 2.5/10
Uniqueness: 8.5/10
Longevity: 7/10
Sillage: 6/10
Versatility: 7/10

Overall: 6.6
neutral Smells exactly like a dirty lawnmower. Lasts no more than 3 hours. 
neutral Fahrenheit…it's like a time capsule for me. It opens doors to my past every time I feel it.
But, because it has been drastically changed in the last years, these doors remain closed. The passing between leather and violet notes used to be very smooth and, in the end, everything was wrapped in warm feelings, like a nice sunset. Today, it rather reminds of a sunset after a long battle day, mixed with dust, smoke and blood, instead of a romantic day.

positive Reading the reviews on BN's, the verdict seems that you either love or hate Fahrenheit.

For me, Fahrenheit is one of the all time top fragrances that I have ever owned.  It's totally unique and I definately fall in the "love it" column.   There is a strong, somewhat petrol note in the beginning, which I attribute to the Hawthorn, a scent I am not totally familiar with, but to me it's almost menthol or eucalyptus like. I don't find the opening unpleasant at all, but if you overspray, it may knock you unconscious.  After an hour, everthing fades into a sort of wood and leather, very soothing and long lasting.   

I would wear Fahrenheit year round, but especially in fall/winter.  If you are unfamiliar with it, go light, allow it to develop and you'll probably fall into the "love it" column as well.
positive There is just something Christian Dior got right with this fragrance, you can instantly tell when someone is wearing Fahrenheit as it has such a bold statement. Yes its a marmite scent but when you love it you love it, it speaks to you in a such sensual sultry way and has probably turned as many heads as the most legendary perfumes made to man. 

positive Timeless scent.

A beautiful celebration of sensational violet leaves that are evoking to the senses, further brightened by a zesty orange accord, stirred with smokey vetiver and polished with leather. 

There is no scent in existence that highlights violet leaves like Fahrenheit does.

Stunning, addictive, unique and mesmerizing.
positive I wasn't sure on first application. I put it on before going to bed and the petroleum note had me a bit confused. However, I awoke about 4 hours later and I could smell something quite wonderful. The dry down on this one is exquisite.
positive Is this the greatest fragrance for men ever created?

A breakdown of notes would be redundant, though violet leaf, orange and leather are the dominant players. A gorgeous floral leather, Fahrenheit stimulates senses like no other, awakens the mind and touches the heart. Fahrenheit is hot and cold at the same time. Fahrenheit is the first scorching ray of sun that melts the ice on snow-capped peaks. Fahrenheit is the smouldering lava that eats up everything in its path as the world burns red in its wake. Fahrenheit is the moist damp brown earth beneath the fleshy green trees with dark wet branches after the first rain in months. 

Fahrenheit is not a fragrance. Fahrenheit is an experience.    
positive This is a floral with a cauliflower-ear!  I don't pick up the 'gasolline-petroleum' that so many seem to identify but rather a carnation taken to the max tempered with nutmeg and leather. Worked very well for me in the Fall in New York, but here in SoFla, it's a bit much and have put it on the backburner for a bit...maybe it's time to reintroduce myself to this juice, fire up a cigar and enjoy a measure of spiced rum...hmmmm???
positive I used to mow the lawn in my backyard and along one swath of grass there was a large honey-suckle bush. The sweet, floral aroma of the honey-suckle would mix with the gasoline from the mower and the smell of leather on my hands from my work gloves. That's the closest I can get to describing what Fahrenheit smells like. Sweet, fresh specific floral notes of honey-suckle over petrol and the worn, rugged smell of leather. But my description really doesn't do it justice. Fahrenheit is like its own planet in the fragrance universe, and it's one of a strange, swirling atmosphere, equal parts enchanting and toxic. Fahrenheit's bottle represents its contents precisely, from dark shades of red and black to higher hues of orange and pale yellow. All in all, this is one hell of a fragrance that must be sniffed to be even remotely understood. A timeless classic, that feels modern and cutting edge almost 30 years after its release date. If you have never smelled this before, go out and get your nose on it! Projection and longevity are superb.
positive A big thumbs up for this one. I have two bottles: 9A03 (purchased in 1999) and 4N03 (purchased in 2014).

The old bottle has probably lost potency. The new juice projects better. Side by side on each arm, the old juice smells a little richer on the skin, but fainter, so I'm feeling plenty of love for the 2014 juice. It's maybe slightly sweeter or more vanilla and leather, less floral; but it is very similar. They are more like each other than edt and edp flankers. If the current juice said anything other than Fahrenheit, people would be up in arms that it's the same stuff and that calling it a flanker is false advertising.

I like the old juice slightly better, but the new juice is having better performance for me.
positive This one was ,is and will be my No1 favourite....
many memories,many complements and a very special scent.
grass with gasoline top notes with some sweetness and then woods.
not detailed subscription for a Masterpiece.

Both thumps Up!
positive Fahrenheit is one of those fragrances that people will either love or hate. My girlfriend adores it on me and says that when we first started dating she couldn't beleive how good I smelled and told all her friends about it. On the other hand, my sister doesn't like it at all and said it smells like a chemical mess. I enjoy fahrenheit because it is so unique. A lot of people mention a "petroleum" feel to it but I don't really get that. It's the only fragrance in my collection that I can't describe in words, which is a testament to how unique it is. I also enjoy it because of its versatility, works well in both summer and winter, day or night and for a variety of occasions. Pretty much the only place I wouldn't wear it would be the gym.
positive This was a masterpiece. The new formula is a travesty and is highly unwearable. I thank my lucky stars that I found a vintage bottle on EBay. The gasoline vibe is nonexistent in the new juice, which is the main reason the vintage stuff is king. I have probably worn more of this than any other cologne in my collection. Available everywhere but do not buy if only the word Dior is on the bottom of the bottle. Vintage will read Christian Dior. 
positive Long lasting, classic, and the girls love it! and in the end isn't that what it's all about?

I'm pretty shallow but this scent will never not be in my wardrobe. If you wear if on a night out, a girl will compliment you every time and that's always nice. Don't go crazy, my old bottle still packs a major punch. Don't believe sales people who tell you it expires! Not if you store it right. 
positive I've heard so much about Fahrenheit for so many years that I decided that I wanted to give it a shot especially after hearing that Axe Peace was very similar to it. I enjoyed Peace bodywash and deodorant, so I bought a partial bottle from a member on here.

Everything you've heard about Fahrenheit is true.

It opens with a strong, motor oil/ car exhaust punch in the face. It then moves into what some describe as tire rubber, others gasoline. I can detect both.

Fahrenheit then moves into a smokey leather jacket phase, where it then fades away.

I get that a lot of members here really enjoy it, but I dislike it and cannot think of any situation where I would wear this. 

I can see it being a head turner, but not for the right reasons.

Edit: Since I wrote my review I found myself returning to my sample of Fahrenheit and have actually picked up another sample from Sephora when my first ran out. Now I actually enjoy it and regret selling my partial bottle of the vintage stuff. It may be unusual to go from a hard Negative to a Positive review, but my thoughts on this fragrance have changed.


positive A surprisingly adequate  scent both fresh and warm!
positive This is the one you want to run away with. I randomly came across a sample of this and it instantly captivated me. There is something so warm, bold and sophisticated about this fragrance that has a strong yet soothing edge of attraction. It is addictive and distinctly unique. Almost all the other men's colognes out there have an overly clean and aqua fresh smell. This one smells rich with desire and full of mystery. Some say it has a petrol smell to it, but I don't perceive it that way. I would say it has a hint of spice and a cooling musk, like a hot summer rain under the trees. Overall I find it blissfully timeless in it's candor of masculine sensuality. 
positive One of my top ten favorites...I savor this sent when I want to be noticed and am seeking attention.

positive I love this on my husband.  It really stands out in a crowd of the mainstream sport style fragrances I smell so often. I think it really suits rugged types well.  Not fresh or clean to me but very dark and brooding.

negative HORRIBLE pine-tar and fuel smell, with perhaps a little eau de putois, at the outset.  I stopped by ULTA to test some YSL L'homme and gave myself a few complimentary shots of that. Seeing te Fahrenheit bottle on the shelf nearby, and never having tried it, I grabbed a blotter paper and hit the aerator...but the aerator was backwards and I sprayed my hand. GOD SAVE ME ! What is this foul smell ?  I beat a path to the door, jumped in my car, and drove the 20 min. home with my right hand suspended in the air not wanting to touch anything in my car to avoid this reaking smell getting on anything and lingering.  The only saving grace of this frag, for me, would be the cool bottle. 
negative Just like Egoiste,very spicey in a really bad way...just gross!!!
negative I just tried Fahrenheit today. Yes, my first time. After reading the reviews, I thought I should give it a try. From the beginning to the dry-down, it is terrible. I can't stand the smell. How anyone could recommend this is beyond me. Complete garbage. 
negative When moving my wrist back and forth near my nose I get "pencil shavings", "fresh", "gasoline" and "grassy". It blends together similar to Cool Water in an 80s fashion. It's not bad and I can see the attraction but there's no space for this in my rotation. Anyone who likes this should try Chevrefeuille by Creed as a comparison.
negative When almost a fifth of 200+ reviews are negative, you know something not quite right is going on.

This comes at me in two layers, one a warm amber leather and the other a sharp, very unpleasant cedar/mace combo. The center is floral and sweet, as Barbara Herman notes.

Turin gives it 2 stars and calls it a "woody leather." Right!  However, he goes on to say it is a great citrus leather (I don't get the citrus) with prominent violet leaf (again, I don't get this.)

The unpleasant cedar overpowers and wins out over the amber leather, so this is definitely a failure to my nose.

Top notes: Bergamot, Lemon, Lavender, Mace, Violet, Chamomile
Heart notes: Jasmine, Muguet, Cedarwood, Sandalwood
Base notes: Amber, Patchouli, Leather, Tonka, Musk

A waste of most of these ingredients since you can't smell them.
negative Christian Dior - Fahrenheit
If this one can make the temperature of your blood rise more than 1 fahrenheit, than your probably a very ice-cold person who needs all the little bit of warmth you can get; or dead... A weak sharp-peppery opening with a smudged greenness that smells musty and like overcooked vegetables with an anisic touch, grows into a bitter lavender note, and a weak sweet fruity note that reminds of water-ice where the flavor almost totally has been sucked out of. Then, like a big surprise, it grows into a rubber-leathery note with a clean transparent cedarwood/palo santo note with a Cool Water-like airiness; unpleasantly musty bitter-sour smelling, finished off with a big splash of iso e super. A big disappointment in terms off quality and originality with a detached and boring character. Yuk.

negative I didn't like it when I first smelled it years ago but it was reformulated and the smell was pleasant enough for me. Only problem: it doesn't last. 

neutral As you probably know, there's an amazing hydrocarbon note to this. To me it smells like tar on a wooden telegraph pole like the one in our garden when I was younger. In the heat of Summer, the protective tar coating used to melt and could be scraped off - Fahrenheit smells just like that to me. It is intoxicating, somehow outdoors, and bright.

It's really interesting, and I love to smell it when I'm wearing it, but not in an unequivocally good way. I like it because it's interesting, not necessarily because it smells good. In the same way as I might try to take a good smell of diesel on my hands even though I would rather it wasn't there.

It's too interesting for its own good to my nose. I could get pleasure out of wearing it, but I don't think I'd like to smell it on other people.
neutral Nothing special. A bit spicy, minty and chemical vanilla. Great if you want some attention, would wear in winter.
neutral A friend I've never missed...

Back in 1988 I was a poor student, and for your information, while the noun is long gone, the adjective still remains. So when I managed to save enough money and buy a gorgeous heavy woolen jacket, I was more than happy to take a long walk downtown and enjoy its comfort, warmth and quality. It was a couple of days before Christmas, and along with a blissful pixie who pretended to be my human girlfriend, we thought it would be a good idea to test some fragrances, and perhaps get a couple of free miniatures. I have to clarify to younger readers that back then most perfume samples were miniature bottles, and not the bland plain vials that they are nowadays. Truth be told, I was looking forward to return home and spray my new jacket with a generous dose of Davidoff by Davidoff, and turn it into my signature jacket soused in my then signature perfume. But what harm could a little window shopping do? So, I, armed with a brand new '80s jacket (which would be thought a curio today) and she, armed with the obligatory '80s perm, headed for the cosmetics stores.
Grave mistake...
A sales assistant who was lurking by the door and surely was a faster shooter than Billy the Kid, managed to shoot three huge sprays of something that nearly knocked me off my feet on my jacket, in less than a second. If she was holding a gun instead of a huge bottle of the most potent and fresh Fahrenheit ever imagined in her hands, I'd be dead before hitting the ground. And I have no doubts that had I tried to duck her attack, she wouldn't hesitate to spray me square in the face, if it had come her way.
I shook the impulse to strangle the harpy on the spot and search for a dry cleaner in the next 20 seconds, and proceeded with our perfume testing.
And then the horror begun...
For the next four months or so, every time I'd put my jacket on, I smelled like someone who was working in a car repair shop or a gas station, although if this was the case, I would be the swankest car repair shop or gas station employee ever.
And to add insult to injury, can you imagine what were the only miniatures that we were given in the end? Yeah, you got it right...
...
Fahrenheit is a heavy scent. A very heavy scent. And of course I'm not talking about its potence in aromatic terms only. Even though it's a prolific scorer in the fields of sillage and longevity (the vintage one at least), it's mainly a very serious player in the field that produces legend material.
I have to admit that Fahrenheit is an incomprehensible scent to me.
Peppery notes, but no pepper! Perhaps it's a dirty trick played by some strange reaction between leather and nutmeg. Since I can't point at any other notes and consider them the culprits for this elusive accord, these two have to be the ones responsible.
And then there's this strange, unique and unequalled (but not necessarily nice) accord, which I'm completely incompetent to decipher and therefore to describe it. Not in an satisfying degree at least.
But perhaps it's worth giving it a try.
Since my nose is no big deal, I rarely talk about notes in my reviews. However, Fahrenheit has kept me wondering since 1988 about this "What the hell am I smelling here Christian?" stuff.
The fragrance has three hesperidic notes (Is "hesperidic" a valid word? Internet has not decided yet, so I apologise in advance for the possible barbarism.)
Well, I don't smell them.
It also has five sweet flowery notes.
I don't smell them either.
So, according to their absence of prominence, none of this eight notes is directly responsible for Fahrenheit's distinctive and unforgettable drydown.
So what is it?
I say that it smells like gasoline soaked sandalwood, that someone was crazy enough to set it on fire, and then put the cinders in the inside pocket of an old leather jacket, which he then wears after the gym and without showering first.
And before extolling my imagination... I've done it...
But it just made the whole thing even trickier, because it added a slight cummin note, and cummin is not included in the scent's pyramid. So, what I finally got with my "analysis" was a hint of something that shouldn't be there at all. Very helping...
I could also say that it smells the way some old taxis used to smell back in the '70s, but maybe my mind is playing tricks, trying to place the leather and diesel/gasoline/kerosene/motor oil notes to a matching vessel. However, I can see some connection here, since I believe that if we ask ten people how the inside of a brand new or a very old car smells like, five of them will say that it smells of leather, the other five that it smells of fuel, and all ten of them that it smells of Fahrenheit.
But maybe it's these very same oddities about it, which render Fahrenheit one of the few instantly recognizable fragrances in my book.
I have no idea how the current formulation smells like, and to be honest I don't care. I don't love and I don't hate Fahrenheit. For me it's a perfect example of uniqueness and an unparalleled specimen of aweless perfumery, but I'm still unable to decide whether this example is a paragon or a byword, and whether Fahrenheit's universe and mine are any parallel at all. But my personal likings have nothing to do with the objective stature of the fragrance. Fahrenheit has become a cornerstone and a legend over the years, and it doesn't give a damn if I like it or not. It's just there, too busy being itself.
neutral Pleasant enough sort of white floral-meets-grey musk scent which achieves an interesting balance of hot and cool. The effect doesn't last all too long, and the current version is far more flat than I'd like. The older vintage features a more pronounced honeysuckle, as juicy as they would allow before it interfered with the dry concept. Very pleasant for the first hour and a decent skin scent afterward. I love a well-made masculine floral but this won't suit everyone.
neutral Early 90's date night. Sitting on a couch in a large open room, while you wait on the lady to finish getting ready. Your hands are clasp while you wait. You also have a mustache, and maybe a leather jacket on. It is acceptable because, hey, it's the 90's.
neutral This is a scent that I can wear on occasion when im just tired of typical fragrances and want something that smells different. Ive worn this only a handful of times and each time Ive grown to appreciate and respect it more, but with that said its still not even close to being 1 of my go-to fragrances.

To me it smells outdated and has a dark,industrial,masculine vibe that is actual very well blended. I guess because im more of a fan of fresh,clean scents I dont fully appreciate but as a cologne collector I do respect the originality in this 1.

Its also a long lasting fragrance that will project pretty well :)
positive In 1988 Dior decided to break the mould in terms of men's fragrances and decided to go in a different direction, by turning the established system on it's head. What they managed to create was something entirely unique (even today). They succeeded in creating a truly remarkable and very masculine floral (by using violet, nutmeg, carnation, and a lot of leather).

The result? Something which smells beautifully modern even today. In a word - timeless.

I believe that years later Dior would turn the world of male perfumes on it's head for a second time (with their metrosexual floral leather release 'Dior Homme'). However for many people, this is considered their best masculine and I think it's one of the most unique designer masculine fragrances ever created.

Instead of the Leather-Iris combination used in Dior Homme, here it's Leather and Violet, a pairing which gives off what many people term "sweet motor oil".

Before actually wearing this on my skin, I tried the luxury 'soap' of this for years, never finally wearing the fragrance itself until now. To me this can't be categorised purely by a "gasoline" smell (and I happen to like the smell of petrol). To me, this fragrance smells like an incredibly clean version of petroleum. Imagine a mechanic who after working a long day with the car grease and motor oil, then decided to take a really good bath or shower with luxury, high-quality soap. After he's finished, he smells clean and fragrant, but the original petrol note is under all the soap, and because of this, now starts to smell "clean" as well. Of course this is also a perfectly blended fragrance, and you'll struggle to put your finger on why exactly this smells as good as it does. The combination of violet leaf, leather, nutmeg, musk, geranium, lavender and carnation makes this extremely masculine. However it could be worn very well by a woman because it's also sweet at the same time. It's addictive!

I think the marketing concept of Fahrenheit was a perfume of contrasts. Specifically Hot and Cold, or "Fire and Ice". Fahrenheit is a measurement of temperature, and as a result applies to burning, boiling heat and also icy cold. As an olfactory sensation, Fahrenheit straddles the line between these two extremes, and does it beautifully.

I will say that this smells just as modern as it ever did 25 years ago, and could easily be released today and go on to be a number one hit. It's unique, nothing out there smells like it. It's not like Cool Water (also released in 1988), which went on to spawn the aquatic craze of the 1990's, and as a result is starting to smell a little dated by today's standards. 

This has lost none of it's originality. It is well worth it's reputation. I believe that it can be worn by almost anyone and in any season. It needs no introduction. It is what it is (even in our time)... original, unique, & unmistakably beautiful!
positive One of the original Men's Colognes. A little goes a long way with this masterpiece. Yeah, it has that petrol vibe like a lot of reviewers have mentioned. But it is done well. I call this the Green Leather Scent. One you have to have. 8/10
positive Very unique and masculineI don't know what formulation i have (i purchased in 2011 aprox). It's a nice, manly, strong and unsual scent. PROS:- It's a classic.- Very different (in a good way) to the other fragrances.- Projects and last a lot.- Masculine CONS:- If over apply, can offend to somebody For me, it's a must have. Definitly worth the try. Regards.Pros: Unusual and manly scent than last and projectsCons: Don't over apply"
positive review by stefly321	Got this as a gift from an ex girlfriend who loved it. It does have a whiff of petroleum about it. Not like liquid petroleum but like one that's evaporated and leaves that faint smell. But mixed with its other notes, it does work somehow.
positive Fahrenheit	I discovered Fahrenheit many years ago when my mother gave it to me like a present.	It is quite abstract and surrealistic and brings me to a place, far, far away…	It makes me think of a long journey somewhere far away. It signify the birth and then the death and then again the birth .....	A unique, subtle and genial creation of Dior House.
positive Refined Powerhouse	I once heard someone describe this as smelling like you're mowing the lawn and you spilled a little gas from the mower on your clothes, so you get the smell of freshly cut grass and gasoline fumes. Sounds dreadful, I know...but it's not! It's not an everyday cologne for me, but on my days off when I haven't shaved and slapped on a baseball cap to run errands, this is a fun one to wear.Pros: UniqueCons: 
positive True classic if you wait for the drydown.	This is a classic. Nothing too special or standout but a very nice fragrance to suit any occasion and after sampling, you will instantly recognise it as one you have probably smelt on somebody before at a social gathering, somebody pleasent I hope. 	It's an odd one to me that it goes through 4 distinct stages to my nose. On first spray, fresh out of the bottle on skin I can smell white pepper. Then it turns into a strong smell of Creosote/Tar until it quickly fades into a marine sort of scent, very much much like Bvlgari Aqua. Then it becomes very leathery with a slight soapy background. To anybody familiar with Trumper's range it reminds me of Astor cologne once it has settle but has much better projection and lasting power. 	Definitely one for anybody's collection.Pros: Projection + lasting time.Cons: Strange scent when first sprayed.
positive Great stuff!	I tried this because I'm one of those strange people who actually enjoys the smell of gasoline, and I was hoping the much-hyped petroleum note would satisfy in that regard. Alas, it does not. I can absolutely see why some people describe the note like this, but to my nose it's not overbearing gasoline by any stretch: more like a quick burst of scent, which manifests itself to the wearer at the immediate outset in the same way that gasoline assaults the senses when you fill your car and catch a whiff. A scent which behaves like gasoline's scent, rather than smelling like gasoline, per se. Beyond that, the scent is wonderfully fresh and alive, and is very pleasant. To me, it suggests cut grass on a fine morning in early summer, and it makes me wonder if this is perhaps where the gasoline note is coming from, since the petrol-effect leads into these smells, and may evoke a subconscious thought of a lawnmower, where unbridled masculinity, gasoline, and cut grass all come together. Either way, it's a great fragrance, and I shall be buying a bottle. 
positive A manly man's scent	An interesting scent, it's hard for me to describe notes, apart from a general floral feeling that I attach to this scent. I don't quite get the gasoline/petrol notes that others do, but I do get the uber masculine vibe that is often attached to this scent.. I have had a close female friend describe this as "manly, super manly....the essence of man scent. Like...'Me Tarzan, you Jane' manly," which fits the bill pretty well, I think. Even though I personally like the scent, it is immediately clear to me why this is a hit or miss, love or hate fragrance, though - the gasoline note that many seem to pick up can be an obvious turn off. There are definitely days where I find this scent to be a little overwhelming, or a "bit too much", so to speak. Safety is definitely not the word of the day when it comes to Fahrenheit; it's much more suited for a night out or the gym than a work setting, in my opinion. 	Projection is fantastic - 2-3 sprays is plenty for me. Seems to last forever too, easily get 7+ hours of out it. Have received compliments on this before as well. Overall I find it to be a very bold, masculine scent - great for lifting weights and wrestling bears.
positive One of the best fragrances ever made. I first came to know Fahrenheit in the fall of 1991, when I was in high school. It was very fresh and unique and I continued to wear it through college and it remains in my collection at the top of my most discerning rotation arsenal. 

It begins with slight petroleum note that many associate with the smell of gasoline. This is not overbearing and is crucial to yield a masculine component. It doesn't take long for the nose to recognize the fresh honeysuckle that is grounded by sandalwood. The styrax may lend to additional sweetness but alas, the isn't an overly sweet fragrance. It is masterfully balanced, so much so that its hard to contribute any one aspect of this to the magic that is Fahrenheit. 

Whether you're sailing on a yacht with miffy, hanging at home or in the gym, or doing maniacal chores, Fahrenheit always knows how to play dressed up or dressed down. A fragrance that was conceived in 1988 is still relevant and necessary in today's market and it no way smells dates. Its perhaps the pinnacle of my fresh masculines; a  classic that is here to stay. If you're wondering, the current formulation is just as divine now as it was then with longevity and sillage galore. Two very big thumbs up!
positive Fahrenheit, such a magnificent fragrance, such originality and power waiting to be released every time you spray it. A timeless classic that continues to shine and evoke the essence of man. Fahrenheit probably is one of the few fragrances that is worth every penny and more.

The petroleum vibe is unmistakable, however as years had gone by I don’t really smell “petroleum” anymore, the green/sweet combo from the honeysuckle and mandarin together with some lavender at the opening; the violet, the leather and the vetiver are wonderful and very prominent, the sandalwood is definitely there, just on the background, there is indeed benzoin at the base giving some sweetness and fullness and now that I pay attention after reading the notes I could say that I begin to smell the Pistacia just a little bit. Man, this is epic, this is marvelous.

The downside is that the current formulation is so watered down that the longevity has been lost and I dare to say that the rawness from the ingredients are no longer there but it just shows that in spite of every hit this fragrance has taken there is just no way to bring this masterpiece down. Fantastic.
positive Still the sexiest fragrance on a man with its powerful gasolinic floral scent and the oily leather in the dry down. Thumbs up.
positive Surely there isnt much left to say about this classic scent. Actually it's watered down if compared to vintage version. As said here, this is an iconic fragrance and a must have for any fragrance lover. Big thumbs up for vintage version and just okay for the actual version.
positive I have been wearing this scent for about 6 months now. 

It's a very heavy and masculine scent that does great in winter. It smells slighlty like petrol when first putting it on, but changes quickly to something else that's hard for me to describe.

It's a fantastic and unique scent that has gotten me compliments from different girls and men alike. I think it is however a faux pas to be wearing this all the time, in the way I do. I'm going to keep the bottle for days when I want to feel very manly and my whisky-fueled poker nights.

The downsides are to me that it doesn't project very much, even with 4 sprays.
positive Dastardly! This fragrance has got me all jumbled up. I generally avoid any scent that one can instantly recognize... But this one... I don't get it. I sampled some a while back and found out that it is really something after all. In fact, my girlfriend (who's used to my Amouage and Etat Libre d'Orange, Tom Ford, etc.) actually loves it. She said to me: "This could be a signature scent for you".... not sure what that really means, as every day is different, but it sounded like a real compliment. I bought some.

Honestly, we don't need me to go through the notes. We all know. This fragrance is known. If you like the scent of fire and divine woods + incense, you got it.

Okay... longevity. It's freaking crazy. Once you wear it a few times, the whole house smells like you. It's on my winter coat after two washes. My cat smells like it. This juice is through the damned roof.  This stuff outlasts most of my niche fragrances and doesn't get all mixed up and sickening-smelling like the day-after-on-the-bedsheets thing that other scents do.

Overall, I'd say this has provided me with many cold nights of what I can call nothing but aromatherapy. Out on the town, this is not always my pick, because I smell like every other (hopefully classy) guy. But I can say that this will always be in my collection, and brought out on many Winter nights. 
positive Some fragrances need multiple wearings before you grow to love them.  This fragrance was the complete opposite for me.  My first application was fantastic and this scent quickly made it into my top 5.  Over time though, my applications became spotty with horrible projection and longevity.  I enjoy this fragrance when it has that perfect blend of petroleum base with a sweet touch.  Sometimes I'd get a heavy dose of petroleum only, while other times the only scent detectable was it's sweetness.  If it was consistently blended together and had great longevity and projection, I would easily put this in my top 3.  Instead, it barely gets a thumbs up for me only because I love the scent that much.

8.1/10
positive Fahrenheit is synonymous with classic and best seller! Very popular in the 90s, but so far still with firm steps on the market, and I predict that we will have for a long time. Gasoline for awhile. It is true that with the passage of time has weakened, but still, it is performing very well on the skin. Fahrenheit is recommended as a daily fragrance, sophisticated and elegant cut. Somewhat mature, but as I am of those who believe that perfumes have no age, one that you like, go ahead.
positive I don't know what took me so long to actually try Fahrenheit, for some reason I was under the impression that I didn't like it but man was I wrong!

This is a masculine, intoxicating scent. Starts off with a gasoline/oil that smells a lot better than it sounds. There is also an apple or berry note in the top that keeps the gasoline from bursting into flames. There is also a subtle smoky leather in the middle and dry down that really pulls the whole thing together. 

Here is the visual I get with Fahrenheit:

An antique auto shop brimming with old classics from Rolls Royce to muscle cars. In the corner of the shop a fireplace is roaring, men dressed in flannel shirts with the sleeves rolled up are smoking cherry pipe tobacco, while relaxing on buttery soft leather chairs, aged with patina and character. 

This has become my cold weather scent of choice. 
positive This smell like a sweet leather jacket I dont care what 
anyone says that's the perfect description
positive What a amazing scent I must say It grew on me I must say the first time I sprayed this the petroleum turned me over lol but I give it couple more try and finally I see a masterpiece right here for a perfume in the 80th that can be still worn but the yung crowd I must admit it is well done 
positive i had to change this review. it was a neutral at first. i have retried this fragrance and it is wonderful. i went from hating the opening of this to loving it. i cant reply on the projection or longevity yet, but the smell is top notch.
positive Fahrenheit by Christian Dior - Admittedly, with its dark and somewhat complex opening, with its petro-grungy facets melding with lush greenness, it could prove challenging. However, the overall scent is, perhaps, one of the best, green scents. The nuances from the opening, middle and base were and are the epitome of a ground-breaking scent, and, to me, defines sexy, classy and sophisticated. 
positive This is a totally unique fragrance, as distinctive smelling now as when it came out.  I first smelled it when it was launched at a duty free shop in the Caribbean and associated the smell with that part of the world for years.  Shortly after that I was on the Piccadilly line going from Heathrow into London.  A very well-dressed Frenchman got on at the same time and sat directly across from me--I remember smelling his Farenheit (totally recognizable) and remembering St. Barts....  To many the petrol note summons up automobiles and garages, but to me it brings to mind the old fashioned gasoline-powered lawnmovers, freshly cut gress (is that the Hawthorn?) and manly sweat.  This reminds me of my father when I was very young and he would mow the lawn on a hot day.  A great scent and while it has spawned many flankers, it still remains the best of the lot, totally distinctive and simple good smelling.  Kudos to Dior for going out on a gasoline/cut grass limb which at the time was untested territory. 
positive Very unique and very beautiful masculine fragrance. Definitely masculine. Opening reminds me of gasoline, but very attractive for some reason, fresh and reinvigorating too. After that, this becomes imo a perfect spring fragrance (flowers, fresh aspects, etc.). It's a masterpiece for sure and can be worn by a man of any age. Young guys can rock this one too, not many do but this is a great smelling fragrance, that will appeal to girls who like men that smell like men.

negative Unique, but I'll passI gave this one a fair shot and really tried to like it especially in light of its notoriety and good publicity. But there is really something about it that does not sit well with me and I dont know exactly what it is. Probably something in the floral notes that kinda pushes me away. But I do have to admit that it deserves the popularity it has. Very unique scent and it is quite "ballsy", but not in a gasoline smelling way unfortunately... Whoever claims it smells like you spilled some gas on yourself at the station, like... you ever BEEN at the gas station?? :)) I really wish it did smell like that and that is the main reason I tried it out in the first place.A classic? I think so, but I would be okay leaving it behind.
negative I just can't get past the gasoline/petrol note.  It smells like I was pumping gasoline  and spilled it on my hands.  Dry down is a little better.
negative 

This is one of the fragrances you can trust what people say in reviews about. I realize many people say this fragrance smells exactly like this or that, and I find that almost all of the time it's not very accurate.

However for Fahrenheit, you can take everyone's word that after 30secs of the first spray, it smells like gasoline. Many people like that particular smell. But for me, I just can't get past that. I was just scratching my head wondering how people would like the smell of this. Even a friend of mine was very put off by it and demanded I throw away the sample. I do smell the violet leaves creeping in after a while and I adore that note in fragrances and does give Fahrenheit a strange but fresh vibe. But the gasoline note is still the main focus of this fragrance.

Now I didn't want to throw it away because I wanted to give it a chance and see if it dries down to something beautiful. But she's right, what's the point if it did dry down to something that smells brilliant? When the top and middle notes are enough to make me feel horrible about myself.

Sorry Dior, but Fahrenheit is just not for me.
negative Love it or hate it? HATE it. Smells like honeysuckle got smothered all over my body. Sweet to the point of cloying, and just a bad smell even if it wasnt so sweet. Tried to give my sample to my roommates, they didnt want it either.

neutral Fahrenheit by Dior	While I originally gave this fragrance high marks, but after a reformulation of the product which took into effect around 2011, I had to reduce the rating of this one. 	What used to be a grassy green fresh bright violet scent with a little bit of a gasoline smell is now a bergamot-leather headache, which to me is vomit inducing and not pleasant at all. 	This used to be one of my favorite fragrances, and it was a classic that endured for so long, but this reformulation wasn't just a slight change.  It was a dramatic change which took away everything I loved about the original. 	Try to find the vintage if you can, but otherwise, avoid this one at all costs.
neutral thumbs up!! vintage vintage fahrenheit where are you? the new crap juice they make now days man...i hate it!!! sucks! but still amazing frag with personality not for the shy boys! amazing silage and longevity! 5 stars!!
ps: don't bother buying the new wateredown version of this frag...waisting your money! sorry DIOR, 
positive Sharp opening.  Tea note isn't bad.  More like a strong tea, with sugar, no cream.  The top is nothing really special for me.  The heart is better, with a deep floral vibe.  Orchid, is lovely and noticeable.  Jasmine?  Nice.  Freesia?  Barely here.  The rose isn't strong, overdone.  Patchouli is sweet.  Overall a lovely "designer" frag but, not one I would buy full-bottled.
positive Floral sweetness incarnation. Good sillage, projection and longevity, but it gets fastly uninteresting. 
positive This is a lovely scent. Delicate, but full of presence. Earthy florals with a decent amount of sweetness. This has a lot of popular elements. I think, in the future, when people want to reflect on the scents of this time period, this will be closely tied to that scent memory (like how aldehydes tie to the 40s/50s). 

This has a moderate sillage for the first 2 hours and then it becomes a skin scent. Lasting power is about 7 hours on dry skin in warm weather. 

Beautiful and self-empowering sort of scent. Lends itself to romantic atmosphere, but not entirely inappropriate for work. Day or night. Thoroughly enjoy!
positive Salutation.

Yes FLOWER BOMB!A Needful example for any professional Collection.Definitely pure Tempting in a Bottle!Elaborate like all creates By Carlos Benaim& Olivier Polge.Classy,Romantic, Appealing,Expensive,Feminine,Gorgeous,Hot and Elegant.

The scent is definitely more Floral.In fact Sophisticated scent of Floral.The refreshing top of Bergamot.It is Sweet but not too sweet.Great notes that makes it High Class and Feminine as it command attention.

The bottle is as Bold as The scent.it is fantastic for ROMANTIC mood like a Bomb!A Beautiful perfume for a Beautiful Lady.Heavy for daily Use but Great for EVENING.Surely for WINTER.If you like a Expensive Smell for your wife this one just for you.

Sillage?Great.

Longevity?You can spray it in the Evening and it will stay with you until the Morning.

Thank You V&R

7.75/10 
positive Head-clearing top notes energize me.It wears down smooth and sexy.Don't know the vernacular yet, but I have the nose of a Bloodhound.I am EXTREMELY picky, there are only a handful of Fragrances I can wear without running to the shower and changing my clothes.I love it,from start to finish.
positive Flowerbomb to me is a sweet candy like smell which i love in a perfume, the bottle is also very nice. Unfortunately for me the perfume seems to dissapear after only a couple of hours. If you like Flowerbomb you could also tryD AND G POUR FEMME as this has a similiar smell to me,,,,,, In fact this is the one i choose first now before my Flowerbomb. 
positive Very, very sweet. I don't get the floral notes very much though. It smells more to me like a sweet shop (which is still very very very good).

When you spray this on your body, it is almost exactly like a bomb of sweets has gone off. The top note for me (which is quite surprising) is Candy Floss.

This is, however, a summer fragrance (even though it is not branded as such). In the winter this would smell almost... wrong.

I like this, and were it not for the existence of Loverdose by Diesel, I would have purchased a bottle by now.
positive Very sweet floral. The strangest thing is, in my mind the first notes I detect are of sugar-coated fennel seeds..the kind that are served as an after-dinner treat at Indian restaurants. Just don't understand how it could have descended from Angel..I hated that one..but quite like Flowerbomb.   
positive     I cant stop talking about this scent. When I wear it men turn around to find out what it is - I only wear three scents - this one, Christopher Dicas and Fracas- all of them get great attention but this one FLOWERBOMB EX - well this is another animal! I search for it because the department stores only sell it during Christmas...
positive A Juicy bomb. A very intoxicating scent. I love to smell this on a woman with one spray cause it projects well. Bergamot ,patchouli blended in this beautiful scent. Damn
positive I first smelt this when it was released in 2004, loved it but never thought I'd own it because of the price. Over the next six or seven years I would smell it every time I went into a department store that sold it, dreaming. And then last year my brother bought me it (I'm sure you can imagine my happiness). I love the sweet sharpness of it - though it seems to have got sharper and less sweet as time as passed (though it may just be that my tastes have changed)
positive I smelled this on another woman and loved it.  On myself, it is less impressive, but I don't know why.  It's a well-balanced floral with sweetness, and creaminess, with no particular note standing out.  And it must have patchouli, or I wouldn't give something in this genre a second thought.   It's beautiful, but it's not outstanding enough for me to be sure that I would stay interested enough throughout the duration of a full bottle.

negative Conjures up the essence of MLM boss babes or eau de Karen under sustained olfactory encounters.  The hint of diaper wipes and spoiled formula underneath it all is ruinous.  However, any negative affect might be overcome for wearers who possess enough self-discipline to keep the volume down.  Drive by whiffs on someone else could be pleasant making it greatly depend on how much throttle an individual wearer gives it, and if there are a herd of the Flowerbombed concentrated in one spot.  Dose makes the poison here. 
negative I got a sample of this because perfume critic Chandler Burr likes the stuff, and I agree with a lot of his assessments. This time, though, he's way off base. Flowerbomb is just a total snooze, hard to tell  from a hundred others....and it's a snooze in the heavyhanded '80s mode I like least. Ugh. 
negative Cliche in a bottle. The female equivalent to Cool Water for over-use, over-application, and apparent wearer myopia with regards to how 'great' they smell.

Embarrassing.
negative When I first heard of the name Flowerbomb I knew to give this one a miss. Full-on florals, which the name implies, are the one category I just don't do. A while later I smelled a dry/woody only slightly sweet fragrance on a colleague. It was fairly low-key and rather pleasant. She told me it was Flowerbomb. After that I tested it myself and found it wouldn't work for me. But on other people, especially on that girl, I found it rather pleasant. I can only conclude now that I must have come across a statistical cluster of people with a very light trigger finger.
Come to think of it, that girl must have had an unusual body chemistry. On her the old  Dior Addict seemed to have a woody/cinnamon quality which is usually doesn't have.

We have since moved to a different area, one where every other female seems to use Flowerbomb. And they're not shy in the application of it. I'm in a public facing line of work, and at least once every day I get almost knocked down by a veritable force field of this stuff. 
So while I started out as on the fence about Flowerbomb, it is now what garlic is meant to be to vampires.

Often one can appreciate a fragrance just for the idea and artistic effort, even if they don't work for everyone. In this case the end result smells exceptionally shallow and cheap. Nothing seems to even aspire to reflect the listed notes. It only consists of generic artificial sweetness and equally fake shallow patchouli. 

Normally I'm content to avoid trivial fragrances and don't bother reviewing them. But with the obnoxious omnipresence of this stuff  I just have to.

negative This is memorable for me as one of the worst fragrances ever.  A salesperson sprayed my arm & I immediately felt as if I'd been flea bombed.  Horrible!  I hurried to a restroom to wash it off but still had a headache within a couple of minutes.  An hour from home, I smelled it all the way back & even a shower didn't fully remove this mess.  Hence my 5 stars for longevity.  There is nothing in the list of components which I haven't previously worn and enjoyed, so maybe  there's an odd synthetic in the mix?  
negative Oh Yuck!  It's initial scent is of the foul-smelling formic acid used in cheap colognes;  This gives way rapidly (thank goodness) to an unpleasant bouquet of "Raid" insect spray and the artificial, sickeningly sweet odor of S'More-flavored white chocolate, as found in some mass-market candy bars.  It's a strident scent that lasts quite a while.
negative Ah, Flowerbomb.  I want to like it just because I love the name, but I simply can't.  It's that pink pepper/patchouli/amber smell that every single smellalike woman's designer perfume smells like like now, mixed with marshmallows.  There are some bubblegum fruits in there, some sort of dark green spice that I think is supposed to balance the treacle but just smells "off," and possibly some kind of flowers, but any floral notes in here (despite the name) are unimportant sweeteners buried in a thick, sticky sea of marshmallow fluff and common-smelling pink pepper goop.

This smells common in the most literal way:  If you go to a bar full of girls wearing perfume, they'll all smell like this.  It's not that they're all wearing Flowerbomb, it's that Flowerbomb, as well as the dozens of other perfumes you'll smell, all have the the same basenotes and throwaway topnotes, so every girl at a bar, or on a bus, or in an office smells like this same pink pepper/patchouli/amber/marshmallow smell.  Obviously the ladies of the world love this smell, but as a perfume aficionado, I just can't get get excited about yet another one of these.
negative Dear Flowerbomb,

I have tried, truly tried, but I do not understand you.

In spite of your listed notes, you are no floral. You are Boston fruit slices in a bottle, assorted penny candies liquified, a poor rose swimming in simple syrup.

Descended you are from Angel, Lolita Lempicka, Euphoria, Coco Mademoiselle and Juicy Couture JC, yet they manage to be interesting while you twirl your hair and drool. How is it you are so astonishingly popular? I am shocked by it. I wonder if today's girls simply find no discernible difference between flies and men. 

Poor Flowerbomb, a classic of perfumery you are not. You are to Coco Mademoiselle as Giorgio was to Poison. As your simple charms lose their appeal, your formula will cheapened, reduced to a 40 dollar EDT in Wallgreens for our daughters to buy discounted for their "naughties" theme parties, where the teenage girls of 2030 will dress like hipsters, dance to "Sexyback" and say "I can't believe Mom used to wear this!"


neutral Underwhelming, nondescript flowers and vanilla that somehow manage to be both extraordinarily heavy and extremely light. I received 3mls of this as a free deluxe sample at Sephora and planned to give it away. However, it worked okay when combined with a simple, fresh green scent (I chose Verde by Nest). I might try mixing it with a strong, dry wood next (maybe Cypress Cedar from Banana Republic's Icon Collection).

Overall, I can't give it a full thumbs down just because it's boring to me. I can easily understand its mass market appeal. I see this shining on the right person in the right setting (I imagine a high school girl who never wears makeup or perfume dressing up for her first prom), and I'm a full believer of 'to each his (or her) own.'
neutral I am on the fence with this scent. I certainly don't hate it, but I agree with the assessment that it is all generic flowery sweetness on me and lacks depth and complexity. It reminds me a bit of the scent of children's pretend cosmetics --that sickly sweet, flowery, rosy, baby doll-ish scent that I remember. I find it can also be quite strong and headache inducing for me. I will keep trying to wear my small sample bottle from Sephora (I do love the packaging), but I wouldn't repurchase.
neutral This smelled great when I first sprayed it on, but once it dried down all the florals disappeared and it just smelled like woodsy soap.  It lasted a really long time though.  
neutral A bit over-the-top... people love don't mind the fragrance.  I'm not sure how I feel about it.  Very floral for when you want to get noticed.  The floral/rose scent is okay... but... maybe it is the patchouli... there is something in there that I don't really LOVE.  I wear it, but won't buy it again.
neutral Flowerbomb opens with an overwhelming blast of sugar and juicy-fruity notes with a subtle and quite weird sort of tomato-pimiento aftertaste (I thought of red pepper, but I don’t see it listed, so perhaps it may be due to the tea note whatever they built it with). Gallons of galaxolide provide a shampoo feel, adding power to an already quite nuclear and sickening concoction. Still, I also get some herbal-green nuances which I quite enjoy, that manage to add something fresh and crisp to this candy in a bottle. Honestly though, I get quite the “bomb” but not the “floral”, as Flowerbomb is basically more a sort of sugary-green gourmand with a warm heart supported by patchouli, and dusted with a powdery shade – these must be the flowers, but they’re so light and generic they could be anything. Just a whiff of soapy feel. Boring yet everlasting drydown. Intergalactically far from being a masterpiece, and still much far from being actually just barely good; but I won’t consider it a complete disaster, I guess fruity gourmand lovers may like this – in the end, it’s the same stuff many niche brands do at twice the price. Just – please! – apply it sparingly.

(did it really take all those people to make this?)

5,5/10
neutral If you love the smell of the marshmallows you grow in your flower garden then this is the one for you. Not bad for the semi-gourmand floral category but there are many that pull it off better.
neutral I agree with flaming_june0101, I used to love this bomb - I felt like The Bomb wearing it! Eventually my bottle was empty and while I saved up money for a new one I discovered it on others and yes, they smelled cheap! Maybe because I recognised it and remembered how I used to be (very young) and therefor didn't like it, I don't know... It's a great fragrance for young people, but as a grown-up I don't feel comfortable wearing it.  
neutral I used to love this fragrance. I wore it every day for a couple if months. But then I smelled it on an acquaintance and it smelled so cheap and cloying. That ruined it for me. I feel like it smells great on me, but smelling it on another person opened my eyes to another facet that I didn't like. This one will go on the shelf for a little bit.
neutral Not exactly a bomb of flowers this Flowerbomb. Sure there's a bouquet full of variety, but what stood out more to me was the waffle-like sweetness, growing more intense in the heart notes. The dry down is still sweet but in a different way, and less aggrressive overall. 

Flowerbomb was made to be popular, and the mission was accomplished quite well.
neutral Initially rough because of the first whiff of earthy tea and citrus this one turns out as an oversweety cocktail of flowers, patchouli, amber and in my perception sandalwood and musk, too monolithic, sugary, powdery and boring for my taste. The outcome is a rose-jasmine-patchouli scent with a musky cloudy-dusty temperament almost gourmand for its sweetness that reminds a bit the dusty effect of eliotrope. The smell is not enough changing and multifaceted for my taste. The combination of citrus-patchouli and flowers with the addition of some aromatic-boise' notes reminds effectively the aromatic-floral smell of Coco Medemoiselle which is anyway a far better and more complex fragrance, surely more luxurious with its reinterpretation of vintage-retro' that takes on a paradoxically more futuristic smell with an angular-fresh starry patchouli that reminds Angel in some stages of its development. Flowerbomb  owns a faint longevity and a discreet projection under my nose.
positive love this so much, its ever lasting and so wow, every time i wear this someone comments all the time in a good way too! nice big bottle too, cant go wrong with this
positive I was initially ambivilent about this frag, and rather rolled my eyes at the sugary fluffy opening notes (bergamot and tea, I think not) which in my opinion since Angel have been overdone, and are a tad childish. However, FB dries down to a lovely rosy patchouli that I am quite keen on, and because of this, find myself testing and re-testing it. It eases into something warm and comforting, yet sophisticated. The sillage is good but not offensive, and I think it can be worn day or night.
positive Not your usual sickly sweet perfume!I am usually attracted to fresh green scents and have found that most sweet scents just sit on my skin and smell gooey sweet or very strong.  When a clerk at a store sprayed Flowerbomb for someone else while I was walking away from the perfume, it smelled so wonderful that I turned around & walked back to find out what it was.  When she handed me the bottle I was so disappointed because it was so sweet--and explained that while I liked it, it would NEVER work on me.  Still, she slipped a sample in my bag.  I wish I knew what her name was so that I could thank her!  I tried it a few weeks later and it didn't get sappy & sickly sweet like many other sweet fragrances do on me--just a nice soft scent. I disagree that it smells like cotton candy or that it is sugary sweet--but keep in mind that I usually can't wear any sweet scents, so it clearly is mixing differently with my chemistry than it does with the usual person.I just love this scent--which surprises me--it is the freshest "sweet" smell I have found!If you would like to try a sweet scent but have difficulty with excessive sweetness, give this one a try--it might just work for you!
positive I'm a convert. I initially wrote this off as the lovechild of Angel and Pink Sugar. I love Angel and I really like Pink Sugar, so I was more disappointed with Flowerbomb's lack of originality than the fragrance itself. But something prompted me to try it again, and now it's on my Wish List.  It starts off sweet but fresh, like cotton-candy and lemonade, and this is where I compare it to Pink Sugar. The citrus is bright and slightly tart, but soft...like creamy lemon curd, and I can already smell the jasmine coming through. I definitely get flowers, most noticeably the jasmine, but there are others shyly making an appearance every now and then - a bit of rose and something subtly spicy that could be freesia. It seems ambery and I agree with Aries81, it's very reminiscent of Alien due to the jasmine....so much so that I'm surprised it's not mentioned more frequently (but I don't, thankfully, get anything remotely resembling Tresor - I can't tolerate its musty/dusty peaches and roses accord.)  I don't get a lot of burnt-sugar sweetness in Flowerbomb - no caramel, but something sweetly creamy/buttery/ambery and resinous. I've seen other sources list a sandalwood note, and I would agree with that. The patchouli is the clean kind - powdery and fresh. (Btw - I don't like Coco Mademoiselle. I certainly get the comparison but to my nose their similarities are very superficial and mostly about the patchouli. I don't get a nice jasmine from Coco Mad if any at all. Flowerbomb is all about the jasmine. And after getting to know it a bit better, I can't seem to find what I initially perceived as a similarity to Angel - that's just gone. It, too, was probably very superficially about the patchouli.)This isn't an explosive or loud fragrance at all, so as others have noted, the name isn't particularly appropriate, even in its kitschy cutesy-ness....although the fragrance is a bit more casual and fun than formal or elegant, so I suppose the presentation isn't too bad. But presentation aside, the fragrance is the real story and I think it's wonderful - womanly and luxurious, sultry and sexy, smooth and luscious. I just love every element of it - from start to finish. And it finishes beautifully, and lingers for quite a while.  I'm very pleased to see that V&R have several bath and body products in the line - I can only imagine how heavenly the Voluptuous Body Cream is. 
positive I really like it. It's a heck of a lot like another "expensive" perfume of its ilk, Curve Vintage Soul. And even in that Flowerbomb is like Coco Mademoiselle. The citrusy patchouli drydown really gives that away.  Even then it's the jasmine "florals". And another commonality is Flowerbomb shares the patchouli, musk and vanilla (what doesn't?) with Coco Mademoiselle. Flowerbomb is much more floral and sweet patchouli and is not as vibrant as Coco Mademoiselle nor as open and "clean as Vintage Soul. Now contrary to the "flower" name, Flowerbomb dries into a patchouli musk with touches of vanilla. Oh yeah, and there's rose but it's overpowered by everything else going on. The EdP is fantastic but the EdT is so mild that it just kills the essence.
positive When I went to Dillards to give my friend her sample Of Above by Fred Miller (www.FredHMiller.com) the vendor gave me a sample of this. This is one of the best perfumes I have smelled in a long time! I was told that this is V&R first women's perfume, & they nailed it! A Very Pretty Floral Fragrance!
positive wow!!! i died and went to the big candy store in the skysooooo sweet and sugarythe most gourmand vanilla sugar fragrance ever, right next to angel
positive WOW! That was my first reaction to this beauty. Instant love at first sniff! Very sweet, but somehow Flowerbomb pulls off the sweetness without being cloying. The delicate floral notes wrap around the sweetness to produce a smooth creaminess that is pure decadence. Intoxicating! Reactions from female friends are somewhat "meh", but my male friends practically started drooling on me!I cannot detect the bergamot note at all. In fact, I am skeptical that it's really there at all! Bergamot seems to astringent to mix with the other notes here. A light tea moving rapidly to light jasmine is what I get. The middle notes last the longest on me; I only get the faintest notes of rose. Truthfully, there doesn't seem to be any drydown; like Ultraviolet (another winner for me) Flowerbomb has a very quick opening followed by hours of an unchanging middle. I also do not detect any patchouli, in fact was surprised to see it listed as a note. I suspect a light hand was used with the patchouli, and it is probably that note that keeps the sweetness in check. Not super long lasting on me, but with my chemistry that is typical (only about 4-5 hours at best).All thumbs up for me!
positive I only recently discovered Flowerbomb and tested it several times before deciding its charms were collection-worthy. There's more sugar than flowers, but the rose definitely comes through in a soft, powdery, sweet sort of way. Amber isn't listed in the notes but it's definitely there (to my nose) and warms everything up nicely. The tea comes through as well, as does the freesia. I believe the jasmine note is of the sambac variety, which I instinctively gravitate toward, and which smells more liquid, powdery and light than any other species of the plant (for reference, see Alien). The patchouli is a very clean version of itself - hardly there, in fact. Nothing like the patchouli hangover of Angel (which I adore but which would ruin this lovely feminine). I detect a slight hint of chocolate, as well. I used to own and adore Bath & Body Works' Sensual Amber, which is very similar to Flowerbomb, but with fruity notes replacing FB's chocolate.The lasting-power is good, as it is with most powdery, rose scents. In structure, I would certainly compare it to Alien, and  it has that same, sweet-rosy-powdery vibe that Tresor offers, only much softer and "pinker," and with a tea accord keeping it just slightly brighter. I think over-applying this scent will keep it from developing. It stays close to the skin however, so over-applying won't leave a strong trail of sillage in your wake. My guy smells caramel and I did too, on the test strip, but on my skin, it's a different story. Sometimes, when the weather's colder, I get more of a grape-juice-and-tea smell at first, which fades down to a very sweet jasmine. Other days, when my body temperature rises, I get more rose, more chocolate, and more of the powdery amber which is my favorite part. On the test strip, as my guy correctly noted, it smells of the trick-or-treat candy bags of our youth. He was sweet enough to get me a refillable bottle of this juice for Valentine's Day and I could not love the bottle more! The black V&R tab of the original has been replaced with a pink, metallic tab which matches the cap. It's overall, a thicker, rounder bottle and extremely original (though the juice may not be). Definitely recommended for anyone who likes Tresor, Alien, Lipstick Rose, or other sweet scents.
positive The first time I smelled this it must have turned under the lights and on top of the hot glass case at the department store. I purchased two bottles to sell overseas to  French West African clientele when I rediscovered this perfume. Wow is all I can say. It is somewhat reminiscent of Coco Mademoiselle BUT in my opinion more modern and wearable than C.M. (which my mother wears and seems way too dry and dead after a bit). Men love it and everyone asks about it-after all we wear perfume to attract the opposite sex, and it seems to me that the compliments I get from them are a positive. I only wear one other sweet floral and that is Carolina Herrera but this is a departure. I disagree with the negative comments on this one. It is extremely sexy and I wear it for every occasion. This is not a young woman's perfume. I just read more reviews about this and I think it is really very silly for people to compare some other scents as though they are exactly the same, Coco Mademoiselle is not even close and Angel is very chocolate-y and not even similar.
positive fairly young floral. for ages 35 and under i would think. very sweet jasmine, and patchouli without ever being to cloying. at least they did not over think this one as the men's version "antidote" has 25 different notes!!! i like them both though.
positive Interesting name, appealing bottle and good marketing made me try this scent in the mall... I sniffed the bottle first then gave up trying it on my skin as I thought it was another sweet sugary smell out there.Found it ordinary... But two weeks ago, a lady who I met in a conference was wearing a perfume which was amazing, she said it was Flowerbomb. Couple of days later another lady in the office was wearing a very good perfume and she said it was Flowerbomb, again. So I tried it again on my skin and changed my mind about it. Because it develops on your skin in a very good way. I cannot detect bergamot, tea and flower notes much, except jasmine, it blends with patchouli very well and becomes milky. This is definitely not an Angellike overly sweet perfume, not offending, and quite good choice for night and special occasions... Oh by the way, drydown reminds me of Gloria of Cacharel (although the notes are not similar)
positive I fell in love with this when it came out. I only where it during warm weather.  My dr. who has never commented on anything "personal" asked what smelled so good when he came into the examining room.  Now I have gone there for 15 years on a regular basis.  I find it to be sexy and I feel confident when I am wearing it. 
positive I love it, like I love Allure and cafe (an older fragrance). I like sweet fragrances and this one is perfect and last for many hours. I almost gave up buying it because the grenade bottle that remember me war, I hate it! But it smells so good I couldn't resist!It's pricey here in Brazil, but it's irresistible, my husband loved it!
positive Every afternoon in a local gym a ripped, rich, middle-aged estate agent with loads of attitude struts her stuff in a cloud of Flower Bomb, in the firm belief that she's da bomb. This cloud to me reeks of grainy, unclean patchouli on wilted flowers. Not at all objectionable, but perhaps a bit too much in a semi-crowded gym where ventilation can be an issue from time to time. All this doesn't mean to say that I won't be testing it on myself soon, make NO mistake...
positive The only thing missing from this fragrance is the orchestra. I am both repulsed and fixated by this near to parfum. At once, I resent the powdery languide of the middle note's predictable miss on seduction. But let it wait, like an overdressed girl on a park bench. Let it wait, the tension alone will elicit immediate attention, as the base notes politely demand. Sugar, spice and everything you'd better keep your eye on. This scent reminds me of Belgium beer and very tan boys. There is a definate bang to the end, which you are bound to find satisfying. Enjoy! 
positive This one is spicier than I thought --from the sweet n fruity reviews I figured it would be like candy sweet but the tea note and patchouli make it a really sexy scent and only sweet until it warms up and blossoms on the skin. It reminds me of other scents though, still if I was given a bottle I'd certainly wear it. 
positive I love it.... words can't explain.
positive disappointing!It's too fruity and sweet on me, just like "candy floss" as lots people described. I get the tea note which I like, but it was blocked by that cloying-and-never-cease sweetness...  I just wonder where the flower is. If I want some candy, I'd rather go for a bottle of  hilton's heiress, at least it's much cheaper!Maybe all these are due to body chemistry. but since quite a lot people felt same as me, I think is wise to have a test befor purchase.

negative Smell this blindfolded and 100% that you won't be able to distinguish it from other millions of generic sweet floral perfumes of the last decade or so. Awful!
negative Uninspiring and unoriginal.  Smells like sugar water was poored onto unfortunante girls.  I don't understand the main stream appeal either.  If you want to smell unique, try Tom Ford or Bond No.9  Do us all a favor ladies, throw this stuff out and grow up. Smells almost like Pink Sugar. 
negative What a damn shame this one is. Both my mother and sister own this fragrance and its hello and goodbye at lightspeed. The notes are very boring and non chalant. I can't see why anyone would drop the bucks for this one. It's a nice bottle with a popular name. Thats it.
negative Sweet vanilla flowers in a cigarette ashtray. Even sans the unappealing smoke odor, it'd still be too sweet.

neutral I was impressed with this perfume. I thought the bottle was very creative and unique and the scent equally as creative. 

Although this fragrance doesn't really appeal to my tastes in perfume, I can appreciate Flowerbomb for what it is. 

Flowerbomb is a strong floral with beautiful hints of vanilla. The scent is sweet and powdery without being too overpowering and is warm and soft on the skin. 

This fragrance is along the lines of Angel by Thierry Mugler in the way it has been uniquely composed and in popularity. Like Angel, this fragrance either grabs you or disinterests you. 

I might have considered purchasing this perfume if it wasn't so expensive, however I understand that Viktor & Rolf are an exclusive brand and wish to be noted in same league as Chanel and Guerlain.


neutral On first whiff, I too get a little girls sugar n spice and all things nice vibe. 
Interestingly this fragrance brings back memories of my first experiences with buying and trying fragrances for myself as a new teenager. Victor & Rolf's FB is the expensive version of a range of Impulse body sprays aimed at teenage girls. I would give anything to remember the exact name of the Impulse body spray. However, I wouldnt be surprised if the exact same one I remember from ten years ago has been repackaged as something else. Who knows, it could be FB aimed at those grown up teenagers who fell in love with the Unilever sugar water scent.

EDIT :  I went back to the pink, fluffy, sugar water scent and I was converted. Its almost as though its catnip for tweens. This stuff has an oddly addictive snuggly side (a little bit like Lush's rockstar - which I was also initially sceptical of at first whiff). Pleasantly surprised or perhaps seduced by the addictive girly catnip fragrance.
neutral When I first smelled Flowerbomb it was a little off putting.. This & Opium are my cousins signature scents! While Flowerbomb does not smell bad, it leaves a heavy floral note to my nose. I only tested this frag on my skin once, but smell it everytime im around my cousin. It has worn on me & it smells good on her, altho its not something I would buy & wear, but I have learned to appreciate this frag for its development over time. I can see a man pulling this off. Its a neutral rating for me. Nothing more or less!
neutral Okey! Is a good fragrance, sweet, oriental and intense. Something different from what we smell in many other fragrances out there today. But, This Really Worth The Price? I don't think so.. especially when Flowerboom's weak point is the fixation.. cuz I allways believe that a good fragance is a combination of perfect smell and a reasonable fixation..Many people compare Flowerboom and Can can by Paris hilton.. and after testing this two fragrance, I think Can can is the same but more cheap.. 
neutral Testers of Flowerbomb were dropped off for all the female sales associates in the clothing store where I used to work when the fragrance first came out, and for a week my nostrils were bombarded with all sorts of interpretations of it. On some girls, it was so disgustingly, synthetically sweet I wanted to vomit; on others, the sweetness stayed but it wasn't so overpowering, and was just an unmistakably sugary, though wellcrafted, scent. On none of them did I detect the patchouli, which I had hoped for.A few weeks after that, I used my own tester, and it came out very strong at first and disappeared rather quickly, but there was a brief interlude where the scent made me want to bounce up and down with a big grin from ear to ear -- like an elated pop princess. All in all, for a sugar addict like myself, it's worth a cautious try.
neutral Floral, powerful, and unique scent.  It is a Floral - Orange Tuberose type of perfume. The perfume starts with a floral scent, which later becomes sweet and floral, as middle notes start to come out. The ending has a sweeter and a little musky scent.      The floral notes in the middle are the dominant scent, which can be a little overwhelming.The perfume has a new and unique scent, but it does not motivate me enough to buy it.  
neutral According to the Dana Thomas book 'Deluxe: How Luxury Lost Its Luster', "perfume companies buy juices they think are marketable and keep them in reserve until they find the right brand for them." One of such companies was Loreal, and apparently they bought this juice from IFF, sat on it for three whole years until Victor&Rolf knocked on their door for a new scent - and now that juice is called 'Flowerbomb'. So that is the mystery behind this very 'elusive' designer scent. It is not a story that grand. Truth be told, 'Flowerbomb' is not really a Victor&Rolf creation. It is just a juice that some businessmen thought was marketable.  After that 'fact check', I must say I think almost everyone posted an accurate review that summarized what Flowerbomb is. Personally, when I think of the name 'Flowerbomb', I think of some fragrance like YSL Paris. Not necessarily the candied flowers of this one. 'Flowerbomb' is not awful, but to me, also not quite exceptional. I feel like they tried hard to create a somewhat lighter dose flower induced version of Angel and they truly succeeded. The scent's charm heavily relies on the wearer's personal skin chemistry. Honestly, it is perhaps one of the most un-apologetically sweet juices out there.  
positive Flowerbomb is great.  I really like it when my lady wears it. I love it from to to base...
positive It is absolutely amazing that their are so many people that are smelling burnt sugar and carmel and stuff....sticky sweet, sugary etc.  WOW!  I don't get that.  I do like RoseAmber's review, that describes it with light citrus-florals and powdery vanilla, etc.  THAT, I get.  It IS beautiful.  It's fresh and brilliant.  I have such a sensitive nose and am not the biggest perfume WEARER, more of a hobbyist...but for me this is very wearable and soooo agreeable with my chemistry.  So far, all have really liked it on me...even those who are not afraid to wince with disgust for other perfumes.  Flowerbomb, who cares what it's called or how the bottle is shaped???  Maybe the reviews are so poor because of the people expecting a certain kind of fragrance and this not being that.  People should just try it...I almost didn't because of the others it was likened to, so I crossed it off of my list to try.  Go figure, I accidentally tried it and love it!!!
positive This fragrance is amazing! It lasts forever, sometimes when I'm doing my laundry I can smell it on my clothes weeks after I've worn them. I always get tons of compliments when I wear it and whenever I smell it on someone else I think it smells amazing.
positive flowerbomb..not impressive but sensualsweet and warm  should be worn in the daytime or weekends. 
positive I'm not usually a fan of floral, but Flowerbomb is absolutely amazing, i'm obsessed
positive I melt everytime i smell this...as a guy,everytime i get a chance to go to a dept. store to see scents...this would be the first or second scent i would ask for a sample just to smell...amazing theme and concept on the name and bottle construction...it is a floral explosion...i forced one of my friends to put it on...and for the rest of the day...shopping around the mall...i could still smell it...perfect...
positive I recently sampled this at Nordstrom's on a female customer's wrist.  It's very similar (but a bit less "foody") than Angel.  The two are very similar, but I think FB is more feminine, and has greater mass appeal, than Angel.  Viktor and Rolf claim 16+ hours longevity, and sillage is excellent.  Of the two, FB is superior to Angel IMO, and is more suited to the more discreet and discriminating 30+ woman.  If you are into gourmand (edible) fragrances you can't go wrong with this one.  It is expensive, but also exclusive.  If you like the candy style but want to stand out from the crowd, this is the one to buy.
positive I love this scent. I particurally like the patchouli element in the dry down. It's floral, but in an unusual way but not at all prissy. I don't know what it is, but on me there is a very sweet element to it. Not the scent of a definate food, but a lovely sweetness.
positive Flowerbomb (quite appropriate name) is wonderrrfull! haha only way to put this one. My friend and I tried this one out for his younger sister--keep in mind she is young and I agree with La Senora that this can be very..youthful;). Regaurdless it just evoked this happiness in both of us, this sort of unvoluntary smile. It was very similar, in this effect and in scent as well, to a Creed frag we tried once some time back. Unfortunately we CANT remember the name and it kills me. I liked the drydown as well: reminds me a bit of something similar to YSL Cinema, but it has its own character from it as well.Just try it...Im not really a floral  fan anyway =\HOWEVER it seems important to this fragrance particularly that I note we tried it on paper on not yet on skin.
positive I want it! One thing I noticed is that on me, the scent does change. Strange as it may sound, it becomes masculine. I've always liked pushing the gender barrier, like Viktor & Rolf say, look for the contrast: this is my No. 1 rule. No drag obviously, just that I'm a man, I know what I want and I do what I want. I want pearls.
positive I love this perfume. On my way home, I stopped at the store at London Heathrow airport to kill time. I tried on flowerbomb and was very impressed by the smell. It's lovely. 
positive WOW!  I just love this Flowerbomb!  Everything about it is remarkably unique.  The bottle, the name, the fragrance notes...the way they "explode & smolder" ~ simply brilliant!  There has been so much extreme opinion on this one, but I personally find it attractive and wearable! 
positive Ijust recently purchased Flowerbomb.  It does last on my skin.  Since I love orientals the most, especially woody-orientals, I was surprised that I would like this as much as I do.  I find it to be just the right balance for someone who avoids florals and wants a softer, sweet floral.  It is not too intense for me. A miracle for this oriental fanatic! 

negative Flowerbomb is not for my skin, it becomes way too sweet and too uninteresting. I am sorry.
negative Awfully boring tutti-frutti syrup for such a big price tag.Viktor & Rolf need to put on their big girl panties and come up with something other than these treacle-covered blossoms of theirs.
negative Caramel bomb. No flowers. Another, boring, sticky, caramel stuff. So childish, barbyish.
negative the new angel competitor is this bomb who hide very spécial plastic flowers!! 
"courage fuyons"
they want to destroy our noze,pitty,
or, i go to live in sooth pole!!
with pinguins !!
negative I was really dissapointed by this one. I was expecting a really lovely and loud floral. All i was presented with was candy floss, it's sickeningly sweet and 'sticky' smelling. Not worth the price (about £50 for 50 mls over here in the UK). Fantastic bottle though!
negative Tried this one yesterday and I didn't find it as extroardinary as I  thought it would be. It starts with a smell that is very familiar (must be Allure) and further.... nothing. It just doensn't last on my skin and fades after a few minutes.
negative Frankly, it is a mess. I tried both the original and etailer versions of it (some people suggested that the etailer interpretations were much better). None were better than the others. The notes are mixed up in an indecipherably manner. It is flat, but ironically loud and cloying. You don't get the complexity of the artisan fragrances, just a sickly sweet cloud. 
negative too too.  it's trying to hard and the drydown is worthless.  you need to be really young to pull this off. sense memory of disco in the late 80s, amyl nitrate and all.

neutral I smelled it together with Antidote for men... it felt nice but it gave me the sensation of an aroma not plenty original, smelled on another perfume.It starts with sweet flowers, a bit  fresh, with notes of bergamot an tea. Middle notes appears quickly, dominated by freesia in a Ralph Lauren's Romance or Lancome's Miracle remembrance, plus other notes I felt like a floral mix. The base is sweet, like orchid plus sugar or caramel, and maybe a soft wood and vanilla noticeable since the beginning.Very feminine, flowers fit well at summer and the vanilla is nice at winter. A bit complex for daytime use, better for office or evening use, for women between 25-45 years old.
neutral Unless this is the first review you're reading about Flowerbomb, you already know it's not flowery. It is sweet and styled to make friends quickly when first encountered: vanillic with caramelized sugar and a passive patchouli presence; any "flowers" must have been dribbled in from a vat marked Generic Floral Mixture #3. Until a better expression comes along, I'm going to refer to department-store frags as being manufactured with "A Big Paddle." (I'm attracted to niche and vintage-style scents whose molecules are stacked more meticulously.) For a Big Paddle frag, Flowerbomb is pleasant enough not to scrub off, but not attractive enough to mean something special to me.
neutral I don't agree that it's as polarising as Angel, but it's just as instantly recognisable and for that, deserves some respect.  The pink grenade shaped bottle mixes masculine and feminine imagery.  The idea of a bomb I think suggests a gradual war on the senses rather than an overpowering effect.  In the vein of Agent Provocateur's first one, it's a dusky musky floral.  Powdery but quite bodily in that it's pungent.  Like a voluptuous lady that's shaken talcum powder under her arms on a hot day.  Feminine but absolutely not girly it also has a quite bitter smell.  Some smells go 'up' when you smelll then, some 'down'.  This one stays level in terms of the progression of notes to me.
neutral I am not as sophisticated with perfume lingo so I will just use amateur words. I loved it a lot at first, smelled sweet yet suave and sophisticated. It reminded me of Coco Mademoiselle. However, having major perfume longevity problems, I had to pass because I felt that the drydown was weak and barely there. I own Mademoiselle and after an hour it is gone on me - so I could not take the risk with this one too, specially that the price is a bit up there.   
neutral Hmmmm, Im not too impressed with this one, but maybe I was expecting too much :o\ First of all its lacking too much vitality to be a "bomb". It doesnt smell bad, but it doesnt have much kick and from all of the reviews Ive read I was expecting it to be way more gourmand than it is. It just smells like a clone of Allure. Contrary to some opinions, Flowerbomb does NOT smell anything like Angel, I wear Angel on a regular basis and FB is nothing like it, Flowerbomb smells like flowers Angel does not.Flowerbomb and Allure share the same type of light floral scent, with that same light hint of spice. They're not bad scents, but arent distinctive enough for me. 
neutral I have survived the explosion of Flowerbomb. Is this a good name for a fragrance? And do I want to buy something in the shape of a hand grenade? Well, it's a violent experience of flowers that will certainly get the (shocked) attention of everyone around you with the noise of fragrance. One of the reasons I wear perfume is to experience the flow of a fragrance from top note to drydown. Flowerbomb doesn't do that. You put it on and it stays that way till you scrub it off. Or surrender. It should be called Flower Claxon. Perfect for someone who likes a lot of attention over a long period of time. Unfortunately, not for me.
neutral I love it in the bottle but it smells musty and unimpressive on my skin- like patchouli and burnt sugar. With different body chemistry it would be lovely. A must have for floral fans especially if you like patchouli but try this one before you buy- especially with the price.
neutral I love the bottle and the marketing did wonders on my psyche... BUT it's too strong and very smoky to me.  I'm not sure that makes sense, but reminds me of a room where someone's been smoking a pipe or a fancy cigar.  
neutral Flowerbomb? Smells sweet, spicy, caramelly and a bit like all-spice. Also this reminds me of blonde brownies baking in the oven. This isn't what I expected from a perfume named Flowerbomb.?! This is one-dimensional, as it doesn't change from the moment you put it on till it slowly wears off. In all honesty, Flowerbomb smells EXACTLY like Avon's Extraordinary! In a blind sniff test, I wouldn't be able to tell them apart. The only difference is Flowerbomb does last longer and has a bit more sillage. Also on the plus side the, bottle is very unique and makes a great conversation piece. Tho I like this, I don't think it's bottleworthy!
positive This is certainly powerful for a cedrat-driven scent. I have to say, though, I'm not sure I remember L'Occitane's cedrat EDT being ever so different from CD in its overall composition. Consistent, strong sillage, if that's what you're after. In my view, it's the cedrat note that sets this composition apart from cheaper scents.

It is a little disturbing that it stays fresh for quite this long. I find it linear, unremarkable, but there's something endearing in just how much Mancera has put in for the punters.
positive This is an absolute powerhouse of a fragrance.

Every time I wear it I get noticed and I get comments even so much that one of my work colleagues immediately went out and bought a bottle of this after smelling it on me.

It's bold, smokey, a little fruity at the start, and on me carries quite a medicinal note. It is a little linear after the opening but given how solid a performer it is, I'd simply be nit picking to criticise it for that.

I would't know how close Cedrat Boise is to Aventus because I've never compared the two. Regardless I'd rather have a bottle of this monster performer any day.

Also just an additional note to point out how nice the bottle feels in the hand. Nice solid bottle with a cool feeling metallic cap, all delivered in a nice Montale/Mancera style carry pouch.

Lovely stuff.
positive Very pleasant woodsy lemon - very wearable and versatile but not as interesting as the note listing and hype seem to suggest - I don’t get much of the florals or blackcurrant - I just get more lemony wood in the dry down. It’s still nice though and avoids smelling like a cleaning product (which most lemon scents don’t.) The absence of the fruity florals leave it a bit wanting though to be bottle worthy.
positive Creamy, buttery lemon.

Lasts all day, with 2-3 sprays.

And on my clothes in the mornin'.


Great juice, the wife loves it.  The only gripe would be that it's fairly linear.
positive This has to be the most outrageously misrepresented fragrance I've ever come across.
All the reviews are constantly comparing this to Aventus. It has absolutely NOTHING in common with Aventus. I can understand when people lump other fragrances like Pineapple Vintage, Zara Vibrant Leather, Mont Blanc Explorer etc into the category of Aventus. Those fragrances definitely are in a similar class and share a similar DNA.
However, MCB is a much darker, richer, heavier fragrance that has more in common with Chanel Coromandel and Allure Edition Blanche, than any resemblance to Aventus.
Also, MCB is a leather fragrance. The leather is quite sharp from the start and settles down to a more suede and ambery, woody vanilla in the drydown.

I almost feel guilty for even mentioning Aventus in this review, because these two fragrances shouldn't be appearing in any sort of list together. But sadly, it's so commonly compared to Aventus that I feel that the myth needs to be thoroughly dispelled.
I also feel like this is some sort of test to allow us to more easily identify the hype gallery amongst the community. If you're saying this smells anything like Aventus, I think you need to spend a little more time trying other fragrances and less time reading reviews. I'm not sure what started this thing with drawing parallels to Aventus, but it needs to stop. Was its original formulation more similar? I have no idea, but the one I have is not even in the same category.

This all said. MCB is not a bad fragrance. Just don't expect it to be anything like what all the frag bros harp on about.
I do like Coromandel and Allure Edition Blanche. MCB sits more alongside them. It's not a bright, fresh, open fragrance. It's darker and richer.
positive Quite possibly my most commented on and favoured fragrances. Has a very satisfying opening and this develops into a long-lasting scent of at least five to six hours. An absolute classic of a fragrance and one I go back to, time and again.
positive It doesn't smell like Aventus up until the drydown, but it has more going for it on the top and mid. I'd say Aventus for the day, and Cedrat for night outs. Overall, I like it more than my 16L Aventus.
positive This is a really nice masculine fragrance that gives me similar vibes as Creed Aventus, but isn't a clone of that fragrance in any way really. To my nose, only the opening reminds me of Aventus (and mainly due to the sweet blackcurrent note). The opening is bergamot, blackcurrent, cedarwood, lots of black pepper, and a hint of violet leaf to my nose, making it sweet yet spicy and masculine leaning at the same time. On the drydown though, it goes in the direction of mostly cedarwood with blackcurrent and a bit of bergamot in the background, and doesn't remind me of Aventus at all (no noticeable leather notes). In fact it reminds me of Creed Bois du Portugal and Lalique pour Homme (Lion) due to the prominent and natural smelling cedarwood note, and also a bit like Dior Sauvage.

This is like a power scent. It's a scent you wear to a business meeting or when you want to make a statement or your presence known. "Cedrat Boise" as a name is very appropriate, but I feel it should've been called "Cassis Boise" because the blackcurrent and cedarwood are stars of this show.

Projection is insanely good (2 sprays was almost too much for me and nearly choked me out; 1 spray is all I can do with this fragrance). In fact projection is so strong I'd classify this as a winter scent. While longevity is also insane, projecting strongly for over 8 hours and even through a workout! Overall this is an amazing masculine fresh yet sweet and heavily woody fragrance with absolutely nuclear performance. 

5/5
positive A nice and clean fragrance; lemon with woody undertones. Not as smoky as Aventus, this is more geared towards fruits and woods. The opening is lemon, the mid is lemon supported by fruits, and the dry down is woody. The opening does have that fruity Aventus vibe but I think CB is different and remains its own fragrance from start to finish.
positive An awful lot of noise comes from the online fragrance community across forums, YouTube, and social media, especially from the CISHET male side about how Mancera Cedrat Boise (2011) is the big "Creed Aventus (2010) killer" made to put the house in its place for considerably less. This is absurd, and has righteously caused many Creed sycophants to instantly declare this an enemy/usurper (which is a bit theatrical but not far off), while others whom agree with the declaration think they've earned some modicum of hipster colognoisseur cred by wearing the Mancera over the Creed. Once all the silly High School drama clears and we're left with Cedrat Boise sitting on it's own merits, what we actually have is a fragrance released by a perfumer who is in his own little world (likely from sniffing too much synthetic oud) that is indeed a competitor for the same demographic almost by accident, but actually smells more like higher-quality and more-natural predecessor to Dior Sauvage (2015). Another glaring facet that "dudebros" seem to forget is Cedrat Boise is not a gendered fragrance, and therefore all but unisex without being called such, so folks with feminine chemistry are also meant to try it to see what results can be wielded from wearing it. I do agree that like many Unisex Creeds, Cedrat Boise mostly appeals to masculine tastes, but not by the design of the house of course, since "citrus woody" as its name roughly translates could apply to a number of feminine perfumes. Cedrat Boise is a dry woody scent with a juicy sharp fruity citrus punch on top, and a few key synthetics to shape it out, which is where I get most similarities with it and the designer bomb known as Sauvage.

Mancera Cedrat Boise opens with a brief rush of dry bergamot, followed by Sicilian lemon, and a sweet blackcurrant note which is the biggest comparable facet to Aventus it has. The connection to the later Sauvage is much stronger and almost instant as well; one can surmise that François Demachy of house Dior must have taken huge inspiration from Pierre Montale's work here when he composed Sauvage, especially in the base construction. I can see where the fruity presentation might sniff of Aventus from afar, but a total lack of pineapple (or the ability to tell it apart from blackcurrant) instantly kills all serious likeness between Aventus and Cedrat Boise to me. A touch of dusty white florals and cardamom spice inhabit the middle of Cedrat Boise, while the blackcurrant continues into the heart, joined by a white patchouli note and jasmine hedione. A telltale norlimbanol scratchiness which is milder than Sauvage but close in throbbing tone announces the base, and also distances Cedrat Boise from Aventus even further, both in quality and personality. A white musk and cedar note finish out Cedrat Boise, with hints of leather softened by vanilla and shined up with a sliver of oakmoss bite, whatever quantity is allowed by IFRA these days anyway. Sillage is mild overall, and downright weak for the usual Montale/Mancera composition, but longevity is stellar at 12+ hours assuming you don't become anosmic to the musk or synthetic karmawood. This is a perfect year-rounder generalist through and through for folks digging this vibe, so wear it where you will, and maybe make it a signature if you're a one-scent kind of person. My only complaint is I'd get bored really fast if this was my signature of choice, since this style is all but standardized anymore.

A big weak point to Cedrat Boise if compared directly to Aventus is the scratchy norlimbanol, although not as intense as what is found in the later Sauvage, but still gives Cedrat Boise an obvious synthetic quality which Aventus is much better at hiding with its house ambergris. Secondly, without pineapple or vetiver, the only real link they share is the white floral heart, and that's too brief, but for noses not as finely-honed, I can see where the confusion in telling them apart lies. I also honestly don't think Cedrat Boise was made to be an "Aventus Killer", as marketing anything that way is setting up for failure with critics, who have by and large embraced this juice. Lastly, Cedrat Boise is one of a glut that Pierre Montale churns out yearly for his own houses, precluding any notion of targeting another scent's market, especially considering Aventus was barely even a year old by that point, and not yet the hype monster it would become in the fragrance community. Guys who like Sauvage but find it too sharp, loud, or shrill should really check into Cedrat Boise, and fans of Aventus should add this alongside, as discounters often sell it at designer price points, so you can get it with less risk. Old heads will likely hate Cedrat Boise, but it's almost deserved disappointment if you prefer mossy or animalic masculines and dive into psuedo-synthetic "nouveau-niche" like this without first testing. I am a fan of the fruity sharp citrus synthetic woods style (much to the chagrin of some peers), as for me it's the early 2000's come again, but I'd not recommended this over anything it compares to because Cedrat Boise feels less like a replacement for a popular masculine and more like an alternative to sit alongside them in a larger collection; it's a real off-beat "deep cut" of a creation made more for a collector than somebody with a smaller, more pragmatic wardrobe. Thumbs up! 
positive At first when I got this.... I thought it was OK, however after more wearing, what a gem this really is.

Juicy, fruity, woody. 

In the warm weather this radiates and creates a lovely clean fresh Aura,  a bubble of fresh Citrus and Blackcurrant... Before slowly turning woody. 
For all the Creed fans, yeah it has that vibe, however this is like a distant cousin. More friendly and defo better value for the money. 

Mancera hit it out of the Park again for me. Simply delightful. Gains a lot of notice and liked by most around you when wearing. 

Overall Scent 8.9 - 10
Projection 8.6 - 10
Longevity 8.5 - 10

A good 8hrs on my skin
positive I love this! It's canvas is of Citrus based cleaner used in a Public toilet. Jasmine's vague Petroleum Indol and Contemporary creamed Sandal dances a diddle atop. A green Cedarwood note is countered by a fruity Currant.
Apply lightly and concentrate on the playful dance.

Another Mancera fun fragrance.  
positive So Cedrat Boise it seems will be forever known as the Aventus clone. I think that does it a massive disservice. There are similarities for sure. It was obviously inspired by Aventus. But CB is different. It is much creamier than Aventus. It is certainly fruitier. 

Very nice indeed. 
positive This is Mancera  showing Creed how to do it as far as green woody fragrances are concerned Cedrat Boise is far superior to Aventus. Its more focused, cleaner, fresher, more of masculine edge to it, less 'damp and green'. The difference between walking in a fresh cool sunny meadow versus one that's just been rained in. Or a picture perfectly in focus showing that is what the scents meant to be versus someone who's gone to photoshop. And it's better value for money.
At the other extreme there is always Armaf Club de Nuit which is a budget incredibly accurate clone of Aventus. Mancera however is pure class. 

Fragrance: 4/5
Projection: 4/5
Longevity: 4/5

Stop press: June 2019: Notino are selling 120 ml bottles for £52 including postage. Cheaper than the 60 ml bottles!
positive A quite fruity (kind of apparently berrish and surely lemony) sophisticated creamy sandalwood. There is a quite present lemony/grassy aura (the cedrat vibe) which is musky and floral (definitely classic in effect - some old school or classically appointed sandalwood/jasmine-implementations from Estee Lauder or Mark Buxton jump vaguely on mind). The "sandalwood/jasmine/black currant connection" is surely central. I detect the "Cedrat Boise-effect" but the note of sandalwood (a floral sophisticated musky sandalwood) is equally dominant. Feminine.
positive Strong citrus and the jasmine in the opening. It reminds me of Mr. Balmain but higher quality. The woods and blackcurrent give it a rainy day quality that's nice. It's the best of this type of citrus cedar style I've tried so far. I would probably prefer this to Bois de Cedrat simply for the sillage and longevity. I would also choose this over Mediterraneo Tuscan Cypress. 
positive when first applied,aventus did come to mind. when i smelled my wrist again, the aventus was gone.in an twinkle of an eye, sandalwood stands up in this. cedrat boise has a citrus and woody personality with a discrete vanilla base. lemon,bergamot,sandalwood, cedar, blackcurrant to tone down the citrus, and vanilla....fantastic!!! totally different than aventus, which has a spicey identity. im ready to sign cedrat boise to my starting roster to join my superstars like  aventus.
positive This opens with a rather strong lemon zest, which thankfully dies down rather quickly, but settles in with a sweeter version of lemon, like a meringue.

The fruit dominates, with just a touch of cedar in the background, to me a slight astringent tang, just a hint of a Band-Aid, in no way off-putting.

I really enjoy this.

9/10
positive Just received Cedrat Boise and I must say it is a lovely fragrance! Now, I know I am going to make enemies here so for all of my frienemies who say this is a clone of Aventus, smells like Aventus, resembles Aventus....unfortunately I would have to disagree. This is nothing like Aventus from the beginning to the end. And yes, we are all entitled to our own opinions, and mine says I don't get Aventus at all.

I, too, like landshark321 think there are other fragrances that resemble Aventus and due to all the hype put out there regarding these two (among others) I was intentional about locating the similarities and for me there aren't any. The first fragrance that came to mind was Obsession for men by Calvin Klein....
(If this reminds me of anything that would be the aforementioned. I think this is a newer more modern take on the very manly Obsession if to give a point of reference). 

In a league of it own, Cedrat Boise has a woodsy, gourmand feel to it that is creamy and fresh all at the same time. With the Bergamot, Cedarwood, and a very potent Lemon and Blackcurrant that's clearly and artfully done-I see Cedrat Boise as one having created an ambiance of its own; a stand alone fragrance for anytime, anywhere, with....shut yo mouth!!

There is a certain DRY sweetness that you get as all the notes come together. I will give this a bit more time as I adjust...great fragrance overall!!
positive Cedrat Boise by Mancera has a fruity opening, and then it transforms to something familiar to me: fresh, woody, and a little sweet -- one of my favorite scents back in college -- the first version of Colors for Men by Benetton. Cedrat Boise is a lot better, though, and more modern. A gourmet version of fast-food Colors for Men. 

Wearing just a dab sample, Cedrat Boise's longevity is excellent on my skin, and the projection is moderate at best. If you can afford to purchase a full bottle, I'd say go for it. 
positive For me, it's the sandalwood and jasmine notes that star after the initial, very pleasant citrus opening. I get very good performance from this and it's the type of scent i look forward to wearing when the occasion and mood suits.
After several wears of this, it is definitely a keeper in my collection and if it was a choice between a bottle of this or a bottle of Aventus, it's this.

negative So many citrus woodies these days are so uber synthetic and loud that they tag the wearer as hanging with their old mate Screechmella. Walk down a stairwell wearing one and the scent will linger, leaving the next resident to encounter it thinking that the cleaners have done a particularly thorough job this time. 
Cedrat Boise has that garish volume for sure, but also a few grace notes. First, the powerful citrus  – common with all such perfumes – that comes across as strong detergent is somewhat masked by a riotous fruity mix that makes it easier to live with. Second, the synthetic cedar note has a bit of a sappy and green quality to begin with.  
Unfortunately, the mix also reminds me of the fruitsick hell that is CK’s Escape for Men, an act of  perfume violence guaranteed to make me move away from the wearer quicker than any threat of physical harm. It has that same nauseating, highly chemical, watery persistence, common to so many of these bro-juices, that it makes me think I must be an utter snob to feel such visceral revulsion. Perfumes of this ilk are garlic to my inner vampire. You’re safe bro, you really are – go (preferably very, very far away) in peace.

negative Cedrat Boise smells synthetic to me. Sometimes that's not a bad thing, but in the case of Cedrat Boise, it's distracting to me. I couldn't disagree more with the thought that this smells like Aventus. It's nothing like Aventus to me. In fact, this isn't even in the same time continuum as far as enjoyment goes with Aventus, at least for me. Cedrat Boise's wood notes smell more like Cashmeran than cedar or sandalwood to me. The citrus also smells like white musk with hints of citrus. I do get a dash of jasmine in the opening. Wish I could smell the blackcurrant, but the dry down is all about synthetic woods to my nose. I love my new bottle of Red Tobacco by Mancera, but Cedrat Boise is a miss for me. 

neutral Opens with a tropical fruitiness which is a combination of smooth sweetened lemon and bergamot sharpened with a spritz of blackcurrant. I can see how this accord is reminiscent of pineapple, but for the Aventus lovers out there, it isn’t obviously pineapple and there is no smokiness whatsoever. It then has white florals as a bridge to the smooth woody/musk base.

Too be honest... despite already getting compliments on it... it’s not really my thing. I feel like I have betrayed the niche gods by dabbling in the dark designer arts.

Recommended for niche lovers looking for something more designer, generic leaning and socially acceptable, when Muscs Koublai Khan or Fumerie Turque isn’t appropriate.
neutral Odd that I just happened to review Aventus today as well, as it was completely unplanned and next in my rotation to review. Serendipitous!

Spicy citrus-cedar-the bergamont comes through, as does the lemon. The lemon does smell very synthetic to my tastes. Unlike Aventus, which smells very natural throughout, this has a strong artificial element to it which I, unfortunately, do not care for. There is little sweetness here: almost undetectable currant that is very faint. I don't find that this projects anymore than Aventus, nor do I find it any more long lasting: very similar in their duration and action.  I'm not sure I'd say I care for one more than the other: would I trade a synthetic lemon-cedar scent with a woody base to town down the sweetness, or a cloyingly sweet but natural smoky pineapple fragrance? Either way, I find them both above average. Although they may be used for similar situations, they are different scents altogether.

Linear, perfectly acceptable summer fragrance that is probably (definitely) more expensive than it should be. Very forgettable, but not something you'll regret wearing.

6/10




neutral It starts with a pungent blast of fruity pebbles as opposed to the pineapple, apple, and bergamot.  Aventus birch is traded for an application of cedar, becoming a bit more astringent than smoky.  Lasts a bit longer than its competition.  To me, this gives the same impression as Aventus.  I could see using them interchangeably, in similar situations.  But, it is a different scent altogether, and not a clone.  
neutral Fruity, woody, musky. 

Cedrat Boise is a fresh fruity fragrance, with the emphasis on fruits. It's a basket of fruits, and you can sense lemon, pineapple and blackcurrant, while there is only a hint of florals. The fruits are supported by a conventional woody note that smells of cedar, and hints of musk. It is not leathery to me, and is quite linear from start to finish. I find that here the fruity notes together with musk create a strange accord, somewhat synthetic, that I do not quite like. I usually don't enjoy fruity fragrances, but this is well balanced. 

This is often compared to Aventus, but Aventus has more prominent pineapple, and is distinctly smokier and leathery. Cedrat Boise has none of those attributes. Compared to Aventus, Cedrat Boise has persistent noticeable projection, good sillage and lasts more on skin. However, in this style my clear favourite is Morning Chess by Vilhelm Parfumerie. The fruity aspect of Cedrat Boise also reminds me a bit of Minotaure.

Overall a nice but unremarkable fresh fruity-woody composition with mainstream appeal. 

2.5/5 
neutral My Mancera sample must be off because I get a very smoky Aventus vibe from Cedrat Boise. It actually reminds me of Glenn Peri Unpredictable Adventure. I still get plenty of lemony-fruits in the top notes but it’s all very smoky. This lasts for about 4-5 hours.  Later, it’s a creamy, sweet woods scent. Something in it reminded me of the drydown in F Black. My sample must be off. 

Projection is pretty good while the top notes are still going. The whole thing lasts about 8-9 hours on me. 

Update: Own a full bottle now and this is much more fresh and pleasing. The opening isn’t as smokey as I remember but it’s still a little smokey, dry and sharp. The drydown is a very pleasant and attractive clean, woody, masculine scent that has me repeatedly smelling where I sprayed on my arm because I just don’t remember it smelling this clean and fresh. Still very good performance even with only a couple sprays, which may be the key to making this so fresh and clean. 
neutral Strikes me as reasonably different from Aventus / CDNI but similarly fruity; the blackberry I suppose, its sweetness not overdone. The opening is all about lemon. The drydown lacks the birchy interest of Aventus / CDNI. I'll stick with CDNI.
neutral A little fruity, sweet and creamy (I guess from some vanilla). I get almost an orange cream pop vibe or something from it. 
positive Vanilla-infused turpentine.  Musty, moldy antique wood furniture.  I like it...  I'd say this is a rather dark, woody vanilla, bordering on boozy at times.  This house rarely impresses me.  I find their fragrances rather mainstream, pedestrian, or boring.  This one, intrigues me.

Wooden vanilla fades into a creamy, almost ice cream flavor later on, with sprinkles of pencil shavings.  Ha!  An unusual vanilla scent for sure...
positive This is lovely. My association with vanilla is that it's usually sweet and gourmand, but this is darker, more like smelling an actual vanilla bean, maybe with some dark rum. Subtle, not intense. If it didn't sound so cheesy, maybe it would be called "Vanille Noir."
positive 

Peppery, citrusy, woody vanilla. A tempered yet perceptible vanilla note of good quality thats not cloying or overly saccharine; woven in with a diverse set of citrus, vetiver and oakmoss notes. Well blended, very versatile and one of the best "dry" and "easy to wear" vanilla fragrances alongside Creeds' Sublime Vanille (which has a more upfront vanilla presentation). 

A vanilla fragrance good enough to convert a vanilla-denier. 


positive Excellent no frills vanilla, can be worn by both men and women, however I would love to smell this on a guy. Your not going to get the gourmand baking vanilla so prominent in other vanilla heavy perfumes. Excellent oak moss and vetiver notes, woody undertones.  
positive Vanilla is a scent I often struggle with, particularly boozy vanillas or anything with even a vaguely cupcakey accord. This is dry, which seems to be a far less common presentation - certainly vanilla isn't something I particularly associate with the cologne genre. As others have said, Insensee means 'insane', rather than 'incense', although I don't find madness or excess in this at all - if anything, it smells rather introverted in character, despite having decent projection; lasts well too, being a Cologne Absolue. I loved it at first sniff and, from the fact that my first sniff was from an amber-coloured, rather ancient-looking sample, I can tell you that it ages well, getting deeper and a little warmer.
It opens with a full and vibrant lime, a juicy opening for a scent which dries down papery, dusty and (as ClaireV so insightfully pointed out) with something of the Communion wafer about it. Maybe it's the lapsed Catholic in me that loves this, maybe it's the bookworm...
It works well as a base under herbal freshies, too - a great way to transition them between seasons. I definitely get a spike of vetiver in the drydown, to my nose it shows as an earthiniess below the papery accord.


Also, am I the only who just loves the Atelier bottles? Like pebbles, there's something really comforting about them in the hand - just the right weight and those rounded corners are lovely.
positive One spray of this and I was reminded of a Bruno Acampora oil (Vanyl) which foxed me a couple of months ago as I felt it was a 'green' vanilla in the sense of not sweet. Just read Kotori's review of Vanille Insensée here and she mentions that it smells like the pods rather than baked goods made with vanilla - that is spot on! I had become so used to vanilla being sweet and body lotionish that I'd completely lost the association with the real thing. So VI is a cool rather than cozy vanilla, and I like it. A couple of hours later, it's humming along and exuding a feeling of calm and wellbeing (not cookie scented at all!).
Although it's not something I'd rush out to get for myself, I'm very happy to try it and if I ever wanted a vanilla of this type it'd definitely be a contender.
positive Ahhh... it makes a lot of sense to know Ralf Schwieger created this one. The style reminds me of Fils de Dieu or the Merveilles line. "Insane Vanilla" is a vanilla-dominant cologne (as in eau de) with a contrasting orange peel note and some supporting jasmine, moss, and woods. The jasmine blends well and whispers softly, never once attempting to overthrow the vanilla. It is a cold vanilla, based on the pod, not the extractor any baked goods featuring it. In the sense of coldness and darkness, it resembles Eau Duelle EDT by Diptyque, though not in the actual notes (other than the pod-based vanilla). This is one of my favorite ever vanillas, which I've learned after a two-year long vanilla quest. Very intelligently composed and modern.
positive Very nice vanilla that has that old book smell (Not a bad thing). It does have that Memoirs of a Trespasser vibe.
positive Vanille Insensee by Atelier Cologne is one of the only three vanilla-centered fragrances that I would consider adding to my collection. The list also includes Salimar EDC and L de Lolita Lempicka (sadly discontinued). Lately, it seems like half the beauty and bath products on the market are laced with vanilla, and I can see why—it is universal, comforting, and not “perfume-y”. On the other hand, if I am going to burn a hole in my wallet and purchase a fragrance, I except something more than vanilla extract. Vanille Insensee reminds me of a vintage perfume that developed for several hours on the skin. The top notes are long gone and only a hint of floral accord remains. What is left is a gently humming benzoin-laden vanilla with a dose of subdued “oakmoss”, a touch of vetiver, and airbrushed musk. That being said, VI is far from vintage with its burnt sugar turned up full blast and the civet strategically omitted. Even the moss accord has been declawed and given a bath. 

VI is very approachable, yet it provides the wearer with something more than vanilla scented body lotion. My favorite part is the freshly cut hay accord that is screaming for help under the pile of sugar and moss/musk.

4/5

positive UMMM - Vanille Insensee - a favourite from the house. Sampled over 2 consecutive days, and it has bowled me over both days! The note list doesn't make much sense as I don't really get corriander, lime, vetiver or oakmoss. What I get is a fantastically intoxicating vanilla with a citrussy-floral orange blossom type note, this juxtasposition created a 3-dimensional scent with lots of shadows, brighter areas and hidden corners.

The Vanilla is clearly the star of the show. This is a straight-up vanilla scent. It is a lot like opening a tube of raw black sticky vanilla pods and giving it a good sniff - quite a multifaceted smell, a little dark, a little smokey, slightly powdery, even boozy with a kind of burnt-sugar and plastic that raw vanilla can give , thankfully not over-sweet. The supporting notes keep the mind engaged. One of the best vanilla interpretations I've come across. Probably slightly feminine leaning, but distinct enough for a man to carry off. I got a similar vanilla from Lush Vanillary but that one went a bit too cup-cake, this one is more like a light dusting of vanilla infused icing sugar: quite airy, light and transparent. Above all a sensual-romantic classy scent: reminding us that - when fully ripe - natures vegetation can be just as seductive as animalic displays!

Overall 82/100. Somehow not doing so well on other reviews, but I'll trust my nose here.Closer to the very best vanillas (Guerlains, Mona di Orio etc) than designer efforts. The real magic is in the first hour, then it may resemble a refined Le Male given an unlimited budget. I'd be delighted to have this smell associated with me.
positive Atelier Cologne Vanille Insensee is a creamy vanilla, somewhat gourmand-like, drawing from many different concepts: woody, smoky, and definitely floral.

I didn't get too much citrus in the opening, despite the note listing.  The experience started mainly with the vanilla itself, which didn't wait for the dry down.  Similarly, I account for the amber's presence throughout the life of the fragrance due to the creaminess of the vanilla.  The oak stands in the background throughout, anchoring the fragrance with a dryness that doesn't let it become a fleeting floral nor an overly cake-like gourmand.

To compare to other vanilla-focused fragrances, Vanille Insensee contains some of the booze of Perry Ellis Oud Black Vanilla Absolute, some of the florals of Dame Perfumery Blak Floral, and the darkness of Imaginary Authors Memoirs of a Trespasser, perhaps the insensee (incense?) reminding me of the prominent myrrh note in MOAT.

Now I'm not sure Vanille Insensee is as good as of these fragrances since it doesn't really commit to any one direction all that much, but that might make it all the more agreeable among vanilla lovers and non-lovers alike, the latter since it's relatively easy to wear.

On performance, Vanille Insensee projects more and lasts longer than most of its Atelier Cologne freshie brethren, so it definitely feels more valuable, and at an unusual steal at FragranceX for only $84 for 100ml.

Usage-wise, men and women alike can use this throughout the year.  I imagine it can remain under control in warm weather but not disappear in cold weather either, so I'd speculatively regard this is a solid year-round option.  Not my favorite vanilla but one I might consider adding.

8 out of 10
positive I'm really starting to enjoy Atelier Cologne's fragrances.  They all seem to be slow burners:  I'll spray one on, then think "Hmm, not much to that," and then about an hour later I'll notice a really nice, beautifully balanced fragrance emanating from about an inch from my skin.  Vanilla Insensée is no exception.  It starts as a sweetish vanilla with a lick of lemony jasmine, and then it ends in a light, woody bit of pie-spice.  Quite a polite vanilla, really, in a world full of bombshells, beasts, and layer cakes--but not prim or shy. 
positive Light, refreshing Vanilla...

This is a vanilla that is in keeping with the spirit and direction of Atelier Cologne in that it is an eau de cologne with a vanilla aspect to it. That means that it is not a perfume with a heavy vanilla note. Instead it is one which is surrounded with citrus notes.

The lime and oakwood are the main notes, along with the vanilla, are what make this. I also detect the citron backing up the lime, and the subtle jasmine, giving a dirty quality to the mix.

I think this is a vanilla for people who don't like vanilla in perfumes. A very wearable vanilla for men and a unique, refreshing choice for women. Not bad at all!
positive Nevermind the insanity of the name, this is a pleasantly luminous vanilla-inspired scent with a fraction of the richness associated with the bean and none of the heft. A hint of spice, a touch of floral and a toasty paper-like crispness come together for a surprisingly interesting take on the genre. 

Vanille Insensée smells to me like an improved albeit sweeter version of DSquared Rocky Mountain Wood with its warm floral incense vibes. Performance may vary with individuals but I can't personally fault its sillage nor projection as I find them excellent.
positive vanille edcNon-cuddly vanilla.  More woody than spicy or dessert-like. Papery, actually.  Citrus notes at the top tell you that the vanilla won't be either warm or sweet.  Ambery and smoky notes are accents rather than dominant notes and let the vanilla keep its crisp edge.  The Atelier line purports to reinvent the cologne genre. Without much sillage, strength or endurance Vanille Insensee doesn't step far out of the range of dynamics of the eau de cologne, but the composition certainly isn't the classic citrus edc. It has similarities to l'Artisan Parfumeur Vanille Havane, Serge Lutens Bois de Vanille and Parfums de Nicolai Vanille Intense. Atelier's vanilla shares the coolness of the other vanillas, but is airier, less radiant and more matte. It's the unlikely goldilocks between the contemporary woody vanilla and the classic eau de cologne and a successful refashioning of the edc genre. 
positive Like raw vanilla bean and spice. Haven't tried it alone, but it pairs beautifully with LaVanilla "Pure Vanilla," which has some patchouli in it. Together, they're as satisfying as a hot cup of fresh black coffee.
positive l get a refreshing, woody-citrus opening, & then l smell a lot of white musk along with a whiff of jasmine. lt takes a few minutes for the vanilla to appear, & it's not candy-sweet at all, but dry, & laced heavily with amber. The amber becomes more & more dominant over the next few hours, & the base has a warm, woody, slightly honeyed feel. 
l would say this fragrance is far more about amber than vanilla, so if you're looking for a straight-up vanilla, this isn't it. lt is a very nice fragrance though, & the sillage & longevity are good, this being labelled as a "cologne absolu". l think this is supposed to mean a "perfume-strength cologne", although l don't know why they don't just call it an EDP...

negative A thoroughly cheap-smelling synthetic vanilla mixed with some smokiness; it's both bland and off-putting. 

I'm inclined to be especially harsh here because of the absurd and disgraceful pricing. This is transparently cheap, nasty stuff being sold at entry-level niche pricing.
negative Just another cheap little vanilla.  It's that dumb marshmallow frosting vanilla, with isobutavan added for a hint of nuts and creme soda, and a touch of boozy immortelle that's trying its best to class things up but fails.

Right now, in any town in America, you could go to Ross or TJ Maxx and find a candle or a room spray that smells like this for less than $5.  This is the dictionary definition of what "cheap" smells like.

neutral Whilst I am the vanilla pretty much straight form the opening blast, this turns out to be different from the usual sweet, rich and strong gourmand-style vanilla.       

This vanilla is paired with a bitter lime, which gives the vanilla more brightness and a nigh-fresh character.  There is also a persistent metallic-like undertone that I get throughout the development of this composition.  

In the heart notes a fairly nonspecific woodsiness arises, and touches of cardamom and coriander add gently spiciness from time to time.  

The base adds little new on me, except an amber impression of muted shrillness.  The vanilla is still lingering on until the end, although the citrus element has more or less evaporated by now.  

I get moderate sillage, adequate projection and an excellent ten hours of longevity on my skin.  

This scent for warmer autumn day is based on a pared-down slim, bright and cool vanilla, an anti-vanilla as far the the traditional sweet gourmand versions go.  The mighty drawback is it’s egregiously synthetic and generic nature - maybe to an extent that it is insensée indeed.  A somewhat mundane vanilla, which might of interest to people who dislike the usual heavy vanillas.  2.75/5.  
neutral This is a vanilla cologne for the warmer weather. Vanilla perfumes are usually heavy and sweet and more suitable for colder months, but Atelier manages to produce a blend for the warmer months. The citrus and woody notes surround the center staged creamy vanilla. It is a light gourmand, like a fresh chilled vanilla cream desert. It's moderately sweet, mostly linear and with medium performance.
neutral Vanille Insensée is a light and spicy vanilla that leans towards green freshness, unusual for a vanilla fragrance. The drydown becomes less green and fresh, more of the spice and vanilla.

Projection is very good.
neutral Oh, i was so happy to finally try this one... it sounded like an interesting vanilla. And then, the disappointment. It smells like Demeter! A lot of alcohol and the same "backscent". I think my mind's tricking me into this because of the coriander. It's quite weak but long-lasting. Try Eau de l’Angelus for something similar but much more qualitative, cheaper and potent. I get many compliments with it.
neutral  If you want to smell like singed, buttered tonka this stuff will knock you out. The quieter dimensions at work (especially the moss) keep things in check as best they can, but it's a tough sell to make a truly interesting vanilla-centered fragrance. Not at all a bad scent, overall. Fans of VI looking for a little more dimension may have some fun looking for old samples of Scott McClintock. 
neutral This soft-spoken offering from the typically soft-spoken house of Atelier Cologne made me eat the following words, which I've repeated many times:

"I've never smelled anything similar to any of Imaginary Authors line."

Well, now I have.  Vanille Insensée is not as unique overall as Memoirs of a Trespasser is, but the dry and mellow vanilla smells as if it comes from the exact same aroma chemical.  Honestly, the whole thing smells a lot like MoaT.

As for what I smell, it opens with the signature citrus/bergamot opening that Atelier is so fond of.  The same opening that I can barely detect. About 10 minutes in, I get the type of vanilla I mentioned earlier (dry, mellow) with some nice green/watery notes (not aquatic, though) that come forward as it develops.  There is a nondescript floral note that I can't put my finger on, but I don't get any jasmine.  It settles down into a woody, dry vanilla base.

This a vanilla I can wear.  It's not sicky sweet at all and  like MoaT, comes across as gender-less.

Like almost everything I've tried from Atelier Cologne (I bought sample set of the entire line) this is pleasant and unlikely to offend.  It doesn't particularly wow me though, and neither does Memoirs of a Trespasser, for reference.

Kind of strange that the name contains the word "Insensée" because I detect no incense here.  Although, when I type it into Google Translate, it comes up as "senseless".  So harsh Google!  It's not that bad.
neutral The opening of this fragrance is a very light and transparent semi sweet vanilla smell with the whisper of citruses mix with it.
The vanilla note smell like vanilla ice cream but it's very transparent with small amount of sweetness.
Projection is crap at the start and you can barely smell the scent.
A few minutes later suddenly the fragrance start to warm up and get stronger and sweeter and at the same time some floral notes came in.
The note breakdown says jasmine, but I can clearly smell rose beside warm and sweet vanilla not jasmine.
This combination smell sensual and interesting but it's quite feminine.
In the base some woods joined in and this is where you will find this fragrance almost unisex.
The base is a warm, sweet and sensual vanilla and rose combo with some woods in the background that give the scent a little smoky and dark masculine feeling which is very nice but still much more feminine than masculine.
Projection was terrible at the start and it's stronger and better in the mid and base but still average.
Longevity is good and it's around 8 hours which surprised me because of that mediocre to weak projection.
neutral Metallic vanilla?

Opens with a musky citrus, which smells quite synthetic, although the vanilla is present from the start. After around 30 minutes I get a really weird metallic smell, which persists throughout although becomes less noticeable with time.

Every now and again I get a delicious wisp of vanilla, but on the whole the sillage isn't great on me and it feels like I'm sniffing vanilla through a veil. I don't get the jasmine at all, but rather a clean, musky drydown that seems a little at odds with the promised vanilla.

Might be good for those who want a dryer, lighter vanilla, but this is not potent or rich enough for me. Hats off to Atelier Cologne for selling 7.5 ml samples, however!
neutral Vanilla and a Paperback book....Ok, it sounds weird, but this hits me as a strong dose of vanilla bean, and a supporting note that smells like a hot dry paperback book.  It must be the oak and coriander mix, smells kind of like pepper (not listed as a note).  Despite this, there is nothing special about it in  my opinion.
neutral Dry Vanilla When I was in the shop I made the mistake of assuming "Insensée" referred to incense (the French for incense is encens). Vanilla incense cologne sounded like a great idea. But, actually, the proper translation of "Insensée" would be "crazy" or "insane." Is "Insane Vanilla" a fitting title? For me not so much. 3 stars for quality. Although I'm not a fan of the scent, I can tell it's high quality.  Aroma: Even though Atelier Cologne advertises vanilla from Madagascar in the formula, I don't get the richness that implies. To me the vanilla note comes off rather flat. It reminds me of the synthetic vanilla the casinos pump into the air in Las Vegas to mask the stink of cigarettes. I get a subtle impression of the wood and oakmoss, but it's overwhelmed by white musk. Atelier cologne doesn't call out a musk note in their copy but it's definitely there. The overall impression I get is dry vanilla. I bought the travel spray on impulse along with some other Atelier Cologne fragrances and I'm glad I didn't get a bigger bottle. I'm going to use this for layering I think, but...  Projection, Sillage and Longevity: I find Vanille Insensée to have rather powerful projection and strong sillage. I layered with Ambre Nue and this one completely overwhelmed the other. I wore a little only on my wrists and even wearing a jacket that covered by arms I could smell Vanille Insensée quite clearly. It's been about 9 hours now that I'm wearing it and the scent is still making its way to my nose.  Value: I appreciate that Vanille Insensée is available in a .25 oz. travel spray. Like all Atelier Cologne fragrances, the big bottle is a great value at less than $1 per ml.. Vanille Insensée is also quite strong and a little will go a long way.Pros: Strong projection, sillage and longevityCons: Flat, overly strong
neutral It's funny that I'm seeing the scent pyramid and that Vanille Insensée has all of these notes, because when I was smelling it at the Atelier store, all I really smelled was vanilla bean.  It's not bad, in fact it's smoother than the pure vanilla madness of Love by Kilian.  But honestly, it's not too original and it doesn't really waver from that one note.  
positive Very sweet juice with decent longevity and projection. Not much left to say about this fragrance that hasn't already been said. I find it smells like Fruity Pebbles cereal. I like it, but don't see a full bottle in my future.
positive Is this an everyday fragrance for any occasion, absolutely not. However, nobody can honestly get a whiff of this and say wow that stinks. This frag deffenitely has its time and place. If your goal when putting on a fragrance is to get compliments and have women turned on then this will 100% do the job, women love this frag. I guarantee a compliment everytime you wear it, it is what it is just facts to the haters of this frag. There is a reason its one of the top sold frags in the world. You want to be unique and wear something that no one else really enjoys except yourself by all means, if you want to get compliments at a bar from pretty women this is for you.
positive Paco Rabanne as a fragrance name for men had slowly slipped down the relevance slope over the years, with the undeniable influence of Paco Rabanne Pour Homme (1973) on the masculine fragrance scene slipping from mainstream design somewhere around the end of the 80's. That watershed scent was needing a "replacement" so to speak in the eyes of the mass-market blind buyers that work off of peer pressure, as it became less of a must-have for everyone and more of a must-have for the vintage fan; once a scent crosses that threshold, it's work is for all intents and purposes done, and a house needs to reinvent it's image with a new halo product. Tenere (1988) was too niche in interest to ever really catch on, and XS (1993) was good, but part of the "fresh fougère" wave and drowned in a sea of samey competition. Paco (1996) was an attempt to join the unisex craze, and Black XS (2005) was part of that "youth targeting" movement of the early 2000's. All of these were good products, but not the one Paco Rabanne needed. Enter: 1 Million. This deliberately gimmicky scent could have been released by Avon during it's halcyon years for the packaging alone, and it was so finely-tuned as a generalist with a fun club-going side that it instantly struck gold (pun intended) with it's upwardly-mobile millenial career professional target. It had balance and pleasantness borrowed from the best 90's generalists, a sweet pseudo-gourmand femme-friendly vibe to make it a "go-getter" in the clubs, plus a flashy, gaudy personality that resonated with the "glorified hedonism" of mainstream hip-hop culture of the time. It checked all the boxes, and became the Paco Rabanne Pour Homme of the 21st century. At what price victory? Well that's the question for Paco Rabanne to answer, as it took not one or two, but three perfumers to concoct this "faceless man" of a note pyramid.

Do I like it? Yes. It's hard not to like this honestly, as it's such a focus-group-in-a-bottle that everyone will find enjoyable facets that counteract the boring or maybe even slightly intolerable ones. Even most haters of this stuff will admit it doesn't smell bad, it just has nothing for them because it's such a boiled down mash of everything people like that it comes across like pandering, and fault it for it's lack of distinction; it's like a person who tries to agree with everyone and is trusted by no one as a result. 1 Million opens with grapefruit, which is a holdover from the late 90's and early 2000's ozonic period, so it checks that box. They add mint and blood orange to the mix, one is meant to smooth out the grapefruit's tang, while the other rounds it out with a darker citrus tone, which checks another box. Sweet, bold, but held back by a scent counterpoint so it stays cool and fresh. The gourmand tones of the middle add some comfort, with cinnamon and other spices playing with rose and a soft suede note, so check off boxes for fans of orientals, floral masculines and leather scents, even if none of these notes really stand out over the other. Finally, a base of carefully-measured generic Iso-E Super woods and patchouli flanks a "everyone loves amber" bottom end. It's almost Paco Rabanne plagiarizing Avon's "me too" designs, but times 10, almost. It's practically the posture child of balance, and is the Goldilocks of note pyramids; not too sweet, not too spicy, not too fresh, not too warm or cool, but just right. It spawned a bunch of flankers, as some did actually find fault with it's design, and ironically they all have more personality than this one does by very nature of their specialization: there's a lighter eau de cologne, a darker Prive, and an even louder Intense version out there now. As if this one didn't cover all bases enough itself, it's siblings will hit any area missed. 

As the fragrance for the guy who wants to both impress everyone yet potentially offend no one, this does exactly what it sets out to do, and was thus copied a dozen times by other houses. Guys looking to make a statement might as well become mute when wearing this so they'll likely do better staying away. 1 Million almost created a new genre of "nightclub scent" as it was most often found in that context during it's first years, if only because of the rich playboy image it's gold bar bottle gives off, making it attractive for a good time at face value much like the people wearing it wish they were. This is where the stigma of 1 Million being the smell of "hetero alpha male douchebag" came from, as this was the smell wafting off the collar of the guy in the white blazer trying to buy all the ladies drinks and hand out phone numbers to every table. It's the arch-nemesis of Jean Paul Gaultier's Le Mâle (1995), which is the polar opposite of this and the "old guard" club scent that refuses to die (but is found more in gay clubs nowadays than strait ones). Again, I do like this, as it's completely pleasant, soft, sweet, with only a small drop of the risque, rather than rolling in it, but I do admit throwing it under the bus in this review due to it's blatant, unabashed commercialism. Liking Paco Rabanne 1 Million is like enjoying McDonald's cheeseburgers: you don't like admitting they taste good in that generic "I can probably do better" kind of way, and you know everyone else who eats there probably shares similar sentiment, but it's such an easy and safe grab that you do more times than you care to admit; that is 1 Million in a nutshell for me. It's not often that a generalist comes along which can pull double-duty in romantic or leisure settings, transitioning from uniform to dress casual and even over to pajamas for the evening after, so it objectively gets high ranks from me for it's utility. However, once you look past the kitsch of the bottle, it has as much personality as a Dodge Caravan. 
positive I love this stuff, my wife prefers Le Male when I am going with a sweeter scent but this is one of my favorites. No, I am not a cologne Guru, just a guy who prefers a sweeter citrus scent over the pushy salesmen colognes.
positive A very sexy masculine fragrance, fruity and flowery. Well done, but without much originality. Good performances. 
positive It's a great fragrance, very powerful and long lasting. its an absolute beast on performance. Awesome opening which then turns very sweet, but masculine.

it Is very hard to describe exactly how this smells. The closest I can compare it to is Rose scented fabric softener with a hint of JPG Le Male... over all its very pleasing to my nose, and will most likely be enjoyed by teenagers and young men (like myself). This to me is only a going out ''partying'' scent, however could be worn in school or work with 1-2 sprays at the most.

Scent - 8.5/10
Silage/projection - 10/10
longevity - 10/10
Versatility - 5/10
weather - Winter nights
Age - 15 - 25 (younger crowd)
Compliments - 9/10 (90% of the time I get a compliment when wearing this)



positive Out of the bottle this is very sweet and candy-like, but after a while it settles to a nice slightly spicey woody scent, sort of like cedar but not quite (it is probablt the sandalwood note they used). The sillage is pretty low so I would say this is a good office scent.
positive Admittedly not an artistic masterpiece, Paco Rabanne's 1 Million is a terribly under-appreciated and unfairly maligned fragrance.  It gets compliments and performs great.    As for one of the recurring critiques of the fragrance, the "bubblegum sweetness" is exaggerated.  It is sweet, but not overly sweet.  In fact, it is more spicy than sweet.

Smell 8/10
Longevity 9/10
Projection 10/10

Best for night-time wear, but exercising some trigger control, 1 Million is suitable for all occasions.
positive A delicious cologne loved by both sexes which is worn by too many and has therefore lost its appeal on me. Also it makes me salivate and my teeth hurt for some reason. I definitely like this scent, but I won’t go past a 5mL sample.
positive Extremely Similar To Fan di Fendi pour Homme, except is is much more smooth and sweeter. The spices are toned down a bit here, and the leather and woods sit in the background. It lasts 6-7 hours for me with good sillage and intensity. Wonderful stuff. It seems like quite a few other scents out there today. I have a few more samples, I'll wear them all before I decide to buy a bottle. So far I like it.
positive Honestly, this isn't a terrible scent. I actually quite enjoy the sample I received more.  than most of the "complex" or "higher-end" fragrances I own. Yes, it can be synthetic smelling. Yes, it can be very sweet. However, unless you're consistently only hanging out with perfume aficionados, most people aren't going to notice the synthetic side. Also, the cloying scent that a lot of people describe comes from overspraying. One spray of this lasts me a good 10+ hours with excellent projection throughout, and none of my trusted friends have ever mentioned it being too strong or too sweet. As some people have mentioned, I adore the spicy cinnamon citrus opening, and the drydown's sweetness can be ameliorated by wearing it in colder weather. (Not in an 80 degree club or the summer....) All that being said, you do run the risk of smelling like some other people on the street. But really, considering the fact that most people don't wear cologne and that the average person doesn't retain a fragrance in mind unless, say, they have consistent contact with it, (e.g. their SO wears it) the uniqueness warning doesn't really apply for me. All in all, great fragrance suited to a young crowd, (25 and under, any older and it gets juvenile) very attractive, and best suited for chillier weather with minimal sprays.

Cheers!
positive Yes, it is loud, powdery, sweetness in a bottle.  Lots of comparisons to cotton candy, but it is cleaner and fresher than just a food scent.  And that's why this one gets noticed and received compliments.

I've always noticed that there is a weird, almost organic smell in this as well.  Looking at the notes, I still cannot place it.

Excellent performance in both longevity and projection.
positive So... I just tried this fragrance for the 1st time a couple days ago. I ordered a bottle of Noir de Noir from Sephora and they gave me a couple of 1 Million samples with my purchase.  I always avoided this because I knew how popular it was and didn't want to smell like every teenager and club rat in the world.

... So anyways, I tried the samples and my mind was blown.  This to me is incredible.  I get a lot of cinnamon and orange in the opening, mainly cinnamon.  The dry down is a little bit too sweet for me but the opening is to die for and makes up for this minor flaw.  This stuff lasts FOREVER on my skin too and projects like a beast.  I own a lot of fragrances, and I hate to say this but I was more mesmerized by this than most of my niche fragrances, Including the bangers: Aventus, Green Irish Tweed, Millesimal Imperial, Reflection Man, and Jubilation XXV.

I enjoyed this so much that I actually just ordered a bottle a few minutes ago.  I know how most people feel about this fragrance, so I probably won't wear it out often.  This is going to be the fragrance that's just for me; the one that I put on when Im around the house just for my pleasure. 

If you do buy this, you're going to smell like a lot of other people so I hope you don't plan on being unique.  This can also come off as sickly sweet if over applied, so be cautious.  This may be overly used and hyped to the max, but I really enjoy it.  Try it if you haven't already.

negative Its so sweet and so loud.  It is pleasing to many people, sure.  I could never own a bottle that looks like this.  Just terrible. 
negative Extremely synthetic smelling and cloyingly sweet - Nothing masculine about this at all! This is to men's fragrance what Justin Bieber is to music - saccharine sweet with absolutely no soul - just mainstream appeal.
It's clear they're trying to appeal to a younger audience who may not remember any of the classic masculine scents, but as a man, I just would never want to smell like this. Thumbs down...
negative The first time my husband wore this I asked him why he reeked of Right Guard.  Instead of getting annoyed with me, he said, 'yeah, that's what it is, isn't it?'
negative Too sweet, not enough "cologne" smell if that makes sense. Ended up scrubbing but willing to give it another sample at some point. 
negative I saw the red flags in other's reviews, I was warned:
It is sweeter than Jean Paul Gaultier Le Male, (which I found abhorrent).
Smells like Fan di Fendi, (which is utterly disgusting).
Azzaro Night pour Homme, Mont Blanc Legend Intense and Axe deodorants were also major references.
I have great reverence for Paco Rabanne pour Homme, which with Nina Ricci Signoricci, were champions on my first steps into the world of Masculine fragrances.
I couldn't believe Paco Rabanne put its name and reputation in such offensive reeky juice, packaged in a tacky golden bottle, is it marketing strategy? Which demographics are they targeting?
I'm an old timer, but I accompanied the generational changes in perfumery and found value in modern fragrances, like Abercrombie and Fitch Fierce, Prada Luna Rossa, even David Beckham pour homme, (which is amazing and affordable).
What makes reputable houses like Dior creating monstrosities like Sauvage, or Paco Rabanne denigrating themselves with 1 Million and the super tacky Invictus? Are they killing artistry in the name of easy young money?… and worse, there are so many copycats delivering the same toxic fumes in expensive bottles.
Do I recommend 1 Million? No.
My advice: Please don't.

The appeal:
Ladies love it! Women go crazy… 
I can't understand why?. (well, women are not to be understood, just appreciated)

Which type of guy wear this fragrance?
I can see clearly 2 distinct gentlemen wearing it: 
Martin Shkreli (pharma-bro)
Kylo Ren (no introduction is needed).

Nuff said!


negative Uggg,,,just ugg. I know that a lot of people like this one but I cant, and I've tried. I mean why would i want to hate on a cologne i paid over $100 for, feal i've wasted my money. To me it literally smells like an old ladies perfume from the 80's. Harsh synthecic fruity rose,,,just way to strong and last way to long.Thats the only plus I can give it is it's staying power thats it... I know sent is very subjective but I can't imagine why any man would like this one...a woman yes but not a man...an older woman at that its perfect for them.
negative For me a huge disappointment ... My girlfriend wears the female version and accidentally bought it for herself... Once it was opened she could not return it so it became mine.
The smell is nothing special in my opinion as it reminds me of very old sweet smells of the eighties. For me it smells like Dunhill edition (not as sweet) and does not last at all. (it was bought in a pharmacy so no fake but maybe old stock)
In a British article it was one of the men's perfumes "which drives women crazy"!! 
Ladies are you sure? 
Drives you crazy?
Maybe literally...
Sorry not for me 3/10

negative Sampled, then bought. One of those "seemed like a good idea at the time" frags. Then after wearing for a while, the scent just reminded me of an a**hole in a nightclub. You know, like that guy on the package. Or the guy who is grinding on your girl while smiling at you. If that's what Paco was going for, mission accomplished.
negative So kiss a little longer
Stay close a little longer
Pull tight a little longer
longer with 1 Million!

That 1 Million freshness lasts right through it.
Your fresh breath goes on and on 
while you chew it!

Say goodbye a little longer
make it last a little longer
Give your breath long-lasting freshness 
with 1 Million!
negative No...

Lately, I've been watching quite a few YouTube fragrance reviews...many mention this as a scent that gets many many compliments from the ladies.  Wow...I think they should maybe clarify just who these ladies are.  

So I saw it on the shelf of the fragrance store I was in and I gave it a go.  It is just too synthetic for me. And cloying.  And Sweet.  It doesn't smell masculine to me at all.  (I'm just turning 50 so maybe there is that...)

Perhaps good for a high school kid but I had to scrub this off my hand as soon as I got home from the store...


negative BLUF: Highly synthetic, sweet, potent, busy, cloying.  Not a fan.

On my skin One Million is something akin to cinnamon, candy, cheap leather, and even cheaper amber.  It really does smell like some sort of over-seasoned, overcooked bubblegum that preteens stick under desks or on school bus seats.  So much going on that I have a difficult time picking out individual notes.

I don’t hate it, but it’s not something that appeals to my senses at this point.  It was also one of the difficult scents to remove from my skin that I’ve come across.  Pass.


neutral Sugary bubblegum sweetness. I can see the appeal and if I was 21 again I would most probably wear it. They say females like this one and can understand why. Being the wrong side of 40 it will be a pass from me.
neutral Boring.For the masses.Non existent personality. Just OK. If you want to smell like one million (at least) other people then this is for you. Is it not  why they named that way ? Overall 6/10

neutral Got a sample on a card the other day. It's just okay. A bit too feminine for me. Smells like a softer Versace Dreamer. Lasts a long time though and is consistent throughout its wear.
neutral It took me quite a while to try this one. Neither though because of its popularity, nor because of its controversy. I simply did not know about it and about either as I did not have time to focus too much on fragrances at the time that it launched. I have since experienced it over the course of several wearings and two previous paper strip tests.
Initially I did indeed notice what is referred to as bubblegum and not only dit it not bother me, it seemed interesting in an unusual and refreshing way and I may have appreciated for it to be incorporated further into its composition. It is a relatively dense fragrance and while it may not have an obvious complexity, it seems to have the ability to embrace the wearer and to make them feel comfortable and welcome. If you think about it, this might in itself be an intricacy of sorts. In addition, the scent could be seen as an attempt at an abstraction of the material and colour of gold. I did not find the scent itself to be unbearably sweet nor pretentious. It seems more likely that the name, the flakon and the mindsets of some of the individuals who used it contributed to the latter association. Having mentioned the flakon, it tended to be impractical to hold and use while the sprayer itself seemed adequate.
The isolated orange or grapefruit note for some reason reminded me of a comparable note in an Armanian code, the theme of the material all the while brought to mind a feminine, a female marketed, fan of Fendi and the impression of nail polish and a Black Forrest cake cherry acidity which lead to the imagining of a scene on a dark leather sofa respectively and the wearing of tight leather leggings with horizontal cuts in the prosperous lobby of a hotel late into the night with a drink of gloomy alcohol from the connected bar which I happened to have experienced from one of these rectangular, welded sample packages which may have been slightly leaking within a heap of other samples. There seems to be a certain resistance towards sweeter respectively oppulent fragrances marketed to men, assumably because they could be mistaken for fragrances marketed to women and because they would perhaps represent a threat to the debatable notion that such compositions are intended for women and that is for women luring in men.
After some time has passed and after also having overapplied the fragrance, I notice that its relative linearity respectively that a kind of plainness as well as a certain sourness can become respectively have become issues for me. The former represents an issue with a reach beyond this fragrance, as I believe that fragrances with an elaborate complexity must remain affordable instead of continuing to steer towards absurdity aspects such as inaffordability and inavailability.
neutral When I first bought this, I loved it, I loved it from start to finish, and I have even gotten many compliments on it.

Then I started to make DIY cologne, I learned to identify many different types of scents. And in the process of making my own cologne, I trained my nose to be able to identify and smell a wider range of scents.

Now that I've increased my smell capabilities, it smells okay at best. Very artificial. Far to strong on some notes.

To an untrained nose, this is an excellent fragrance. But don't wear it around someone that is trained in perfumery, because it does not smell like it's worth the price.
neutral It's not a terrible scent but intensely sweet. I've seen girls trying this on at department stores because they like the way it smells - that tells you everything. Yes, it smells like candy but I have to admit I love the warm, spicy opening. The dry down can be sickening. Let's cut to the chase - we all know what this is for. PR 1 Million is a loud fragrance you put on to get noticed by girls. Although I would never wear this fragrance, it does the job for a night out. It is completely juvenile (can't see any guy over 30 reaching for this) and everyone know this scent because of it's popularity. Most counters will tell you, this is a top seller - what does that say about our taste! I must say, performance is beast mode! Why can't other designer fragrances perform like this? This is EDP+!   
positive Even though I don't wear it a ton anymore, I'm still a big fan and consider it a 5 star-modern day masterpiece for me. 

So unique smelling when it was released and has beast mode projection and longevity to boot. Amazing scent when worn the "correct" way with a light hand, which is among my top compliment getters.
positive Paco Rabanne 1 Million is a fragrance that change my life somewhat. I am not sure whether it was me.. or the perfume. 

I am from Asia to be specific, I am from Singapore. 1 million is not common here unlike western countries from what I gathered from fellow reviewers here, this has gathered so much hype that every hot blooded male is wearing 1million at clubs over there. 

The fragrance game here in Asia its not big. Not many guys wear frags here. Girls being hit with 1million when I walk pass them did not know what it was. To them.. in her exact words when they walk up to me "You smell so nice and sexy" and keep in mind this is a stranger whom I have just met. 

My neck and lips was ravaged by this girl there after. 

I had thought that it was just a one off event. But it had happened several times that I started to believe in the artistry of perfumery. 

This fragrance although have gathered quite alot of hate from the community, have ignited my interest in perfumes and I have expanded my collection by quite abit with also the recent acquisition of bond no.9's New Haarlem. 
positive It's a little too strong.  But I enjoy the ambery sweetness and to me almost like bubblegum and cinnamon, which some people would hate but I really like.  I love cinnamon in fragrances and it does stand out here a little bit.  I can't wear too much of it because it can be overpowering.  Two sprays, that's it.  Yes there is a 'synthetic' quality but for me, the warmth and sweetness are appealing.

I understand why so many people dislike it - but I just like how it smells.  *shrugs* no big whoop.  I received it as a gift, otherwise I probably wouldn't own it.
positive Sweet, beautiful and perfect! 
Hands down, one of the best scents ever made!

Scent: 10/10

positive Salutation.

Very french style.this is special,sweet and spicy.it makes your feel really masculine and stylish then is pefect for a real gentleman!
this fragrances makes me feel warm cold winter nights too.

I recommend it for every one who wants to be seductive in a classic way!
long lasting and attract a lot of woman.
The bottle also fits to the scent.that is really cute.

7.5/10

positive Thats sweet!
bubble gummy sweetness chocolate and vanilla

not for me ,I used to own it before but Great for sweet lovers and it is also 
very very long lasting!!!
positive If you grew up around those colored markers that had specific scents, 1 million is (to me) identical to the black marker - the liquorish one.  IDENTICAL.  I always hated that smell as a kid, and I still do as an adult.

It's definitely a reasonably unique smell.  Just not for me tastes.
positive That blood orange,mint, and grapefruit in the beginning is enticing. But like most potent fragrances being easy on the trigger is a MUST. Too many sprays can over-saturate the notes and cause you to choke people out. The drydown is very pleasant as well.  
positive It's definitely sweet! The fruity top notes dissipate on my skin within an hour leaving a much more woody scent with a slight touch of sweetness. I pick up a lot more of the white woods and blond leather than anything else. One spray on the back of the neck is sufficient for me. If I sprayed anymore it would become way too sweet and cloying. This scent is good for chilly weather and cooler nights. I really enjoy this one.
positive i think this is the best smelling fragrance i have every smelled... when i have this on and walk into a room it will make people forget what they was saying and ask omg what are you wear smells great.
positive demasiado artificialdemasiado artificial, me causa náuseas, é como se a pessoa tivesse acabado de se entupir de antibióticos infantis e a droga ficasse exalando seu terrível cheiro doce do corpo da pessoa
positive One of the many ugly millionsThis is exactly why i dont like most most fragrances nowadays... and Paco Rabanne sold his soul in here..The name says it : its one million or as i say 'just one of the many millions..."Its an overedged and overrated scent with al ingredients tending to be too mucho macho.Too sweet too artificial with this bubblegum cinnamon spicy mellon cake. I see boys wanna be men in a discotheques lurking on young women trying to get eyecontact but not manly enough to confront them asking to have a drink or have a nice conversation, they stand with the boys being macho and laugh trying to hide their insecureness...this scent is not horrible but its has no soul... i need SOUL in a scent i need have a scent with a story!With this scent i can only think of the times we live in now... hasty,crowded,fast,aggitated multimedia overconsumed and shallow...And again i get more and more hunger back to the days of real romantics...Pros: - - -Cons: How many characters can i use in this textbox ?"

negative Awful.  Smells like cotton candy mixed with fruity pebbles.  Loud, sickly sweet, synthetic.
negative Bubblegum, Bubblegum, Bubblegum.....
mixed with cough syrup, honey, spices & leather

Its good, but eventually it gets cloying.

Excellent projection & longevity

5/10


negative For the love of all that is holy PLEASE STOP WEARING THIS! 

When this first hit the shelves I thought it was fine. Candy-sweet bubblegum, cinnamon, woods. Pleasant. 

But now I swear I can't be in a public space without smelling this EVERYWHERE. Not a light, pleasant whiff either, it completely takes over the room and makes me nauseous. 

It has become Axe 2.0 in my region, it's what every high school boy sprays on too much of. Even if that weren't the case, this fragrance is too strong and cloying. 

If you don't want to come off as a completely unoriginal, inconsiderate loudmouth then please - PLEASE - look elsewhere. 
negative A huge commercial success due to innovative advertissements. Paco Rabanne have been becoming a great business man. 

One million is patchouli bomb rather synthetic too sweet and powderdy to my nose. I understand its success among young people who want to feel rich and popular. But I don't like it. Dissmissed!

Not good 5/10
negative Revolting. I have tried this twice.

Straight to the bathroom to wipe it off both times. I just don't understand how anyone could stand that smell. 
negative One of the most powerfully synthetic openings of any fragrance I have ever sampled.  Synthetic is the main play here as nothing smells natural in 1Million.   I live in Florida and I can only imagine how cloying the phony soapy floral notes would get on a hot summer day.   No reason I would ever want to wear this.   It als took forever to scrub off, which only confirms how chemical the composition is.
negative overpowering weird sweetness.It makes me want to throw up.
One positive that becomes negative that you can't even scrub it off.Not for me.
negative Was this the scent that launched a million young jocks? Is this what ‘fresh, spicy, leathers’ have come to?
The overriding impression of this car crash is ‘Look at me, I can scream louder, I got the bling and I think grabbing my crotch in public is the height of dudeness.’ A trying-too-hard dancefloor pretender. That isn’t a police siren tearing up the music, that’s someone doused in 1 Million coming through. 
Starts with a polite (but seen in 1 million other ‘masculines’) array of airbrushed fougere notes, a bit minty, but mostly vaguely herbal-spicy. However, these are soon overwhelmed by a post-Aventus sweet frooty gloop with lingering edges of disinfectant and urinal cake that has somehow in this curious age come to typify the smell of a lad about town on a Saturday night looking for a leg over. It blares when it could just be. Dies back to a nondescript sweetness that lingers. 

negative I really don't see what all the fuss is about with Paco Rabanne's 1 million; it LITERALLY smells like a woman's perfume. I have received a sample of it in my Sephora's sample kit FOR MEN and I am starting to wonder if they gave my the woman's sample because this is a scent I wouldn't mind smelling on a female. It is VERY Floral with some hints of sweet; if you want to smell like a flower for some weird reason then this is the scent to use!!!
negative This smells straight up like a women's fragrance. Too sweet, too floral, too fruity. 
Extremely unnatural, overbearing, overused and worn by the wrong people.

Don't let all the good reviews here fool you, quality-wise this is a horrific scent, synthetic and cheap - should be called "1" instead of "1 Million". Believe me, women above sixteen DO NOT LIKE it. Period. 

I can't see how anyone into fragrances would appreciate this garbage. Absolutely terrible!
negative Ok, so I used to love this scent. I even almost used up a whole bottle. As time has gone on i've hated this scent more and more. Now I just find this scent very irritating and sickly sweet. The smells enough to give you a headache! Also another reason why I probably began to dislike it is that everybody is wearing it. I will give you an example.. in my college class on the same day, 3 of the classmates were wearing it. Its too common and in my opinion it's getting old. It's no doubt good for clubbing cause everyone can smell you and it projects but as so many people are wearing it now, it's becoming a joke. Now I always am hearing comparisons with 1 million smelling like Spicebomb and maybe it's the cinnamon note but i don't think Spicebomb smells much like 1 million. I actually like Spicebomb and would prefer that over 1 million any day.
negative Genre: Woody Oriental

1 Million actually starts out a lot nicer than the mostly indifferent reviews had led me to believe, with perky grapefruit and orange rind top notes. The composition is soon filled out and enlivened by a sweet, creamy synthetic wood accord that’s suggestive of coco butter. So long as it remains in the background, the coconut cream is pleasant in a kind of goofy, offhand manner. Unfortunately, it rapidly expands  to drown out everything else, turning trite, and finally cloying. 

At the apex of its development, 1 Million smells like hand soap amplified to jet engine volume. It also radiates like plutonium until the very last phase of its generic pencil shavings drydown. Talk about crash and burn! 1 Million smells like its entire budget went into the first ten minutes. Long enough to close the sale and get the customer out of the store, but hardly long enough to satisfy. 


negative Honestly I hate this one.  i wanted to love it but I dont.  Maybe it will grow on me.  But right now my impressions has me wanting to make a public service announcement.    I am here to save you $50+ on the purchase price of PR1M.    Go to the dollar store and find a pack of fruit stripe gum.   Insert the whole pack in your mouth and chew to build up a large amount of saliva.    Now spit on yourself.   You now smell like a million.
negative To me this is disgusting and I have to move away/out of the underground carriage when I smell this on people as it is overpowering and acrid. It is the men's version of Poison - to be avoided. Goodness knows what the womens version smells like, I haven't dared to even try it.

neutral To me it smells like a chocolate orange marinated in sunny delight for a year. Curious smell that takes a while fr the synthetic cheap top notes to go away.
neutral 1 Million is a contemporary, synthetic, cheap and conventional “trendy leather scent”, quite plastic and light too, which is anyway overall honestly better than I expected by reading the reviews. It’s basically a sort of “all-rounder” scent which tries – and actually manages – to smell good for everything: fresh enough for the gym, safe enough for the office, trendy enough for the club, generic enough for the Post Office, and so on. Most of all, nice enough for the target it’s clearly aimed at – which is surely not the most refined gentlemen on Earth. The composition is quite simple: citrus head notes, a suederal base recreating a light, mellow suedeish note – clean and generically “modern” like in dozens of other contemporary leather scents – some canonical floral counterparts (violet, or rose), woods and patchouli to enhance the “darker” and drier side of leather, spices. As I said, all smelling quite dull, trendy and plain, with the texture and the quality of a car freshener. Still... well, I can’t really hate this. Mostly because it’s clearly, openly, and *honestly* aimed at a precise target, which *likes* and wants this kind of scents – a type of audience which basically wants a decent-smelling thing  good for any situation, and possibly generic enough to look cool and à-la-page (which for some people, means “conform to and like what other people like”). 
With so much pretentious niche that smells like this and costs three times this, pretending to be “luxury” or “sophisticated” ... you know what? That is what I hate – the pretentiousness, the fraud. While as much crap it may be, 1 Million’s fine for me, because at least it does not look pretentious (I mean, look at that hideous bottle... it’s so kitsch I want to hug it!). I always try to consider scents both “per se” and in perspective relating them to pretenses, price, target and so on. And while per se 1 Million is undoubtedly far below good (although – crucify me – it smells nice to me) if we relate to its actual raison d’etre, this is a respectable product which is aimed at the right targets – people whom you wouldn’t suggest to wear Monsieur de Givenchy or Guerlain’s Derby to. As much as you wouldn’t suggest a bespoke Corneliani suit to people which wear Topman sweaters (and you surely don’t blame Topman for not being so quality and class as Corneliani). For me, the problem of perfumery is not Rabanne or other hundreds of crap scents which, in a way, clearly “look” crap even from the bottle – the problem is the intolerable pretentiousness of brands pretending to look better than they are, and people feeding them by paying ridiculous amount of money for this same quality of Rabanne. 1 Million is so openly, unambiguously, honestly tacky I can’t really blame it for nothing (plus, as I said – crucify me again – it smells better than expected). And I’m fine with that (not that anyone should care). 

6/10
neutral I didn't want to like this stuff.  Yeah I admit I'm a little snooty, but that wasn't the reason. The real Paco Rabanne was my first purchase ever and I still think it's great stuff.  I think it's because of the money-worshiping name and crass marketing.  (For the record, I also think Roja Dove's ludicrous prices are a crass appeal to money-worshippers.  But Dove has exquisite skill and taste.)

And the fact is I really don't like 1M very much.  But there are a couple of nice parts.  The blood orange early on is very nice.  When the coconut comes up it makes a nice naranjo-colada.  If you are a high school or college kid this might be a benefit because it will remind the girls you are interested in of their recent pubescence when they adored candy-shop smells.  Whether this inspires them to play dress-up or dress-down is for you to tease out on your own. 

After those parts comes a suffocating cedar-paneled sauna of steaming cinnamon, underlaid with a cheap, cheap sweet floral.  Cloying and claustrophobic. At this point it became a scrubber.
neutral Some days its good, others day, I put it on take a whiff and throw up cause it sometimes becomes bubble gum with some spice at the end. Idk, but when it smells good, it really works nicely.
positive Easily enjoyable fragranceI'm giving this a positive rating because it is plainly and simply a good fragrance. It isn't on every d&@chebag in my town yet and maybe that's why I'm not predisposed to hating it. It has some sweet scents and sits well on my skin. I can see how some people say it smells cheap and I got that from a cursory glance. However, sniffing further into it and giving the drydown a chance, it became wonderful(on me, anyway). Give it a chance and see what you think, with an open mind.Pros: Sweet, good projection, good longevityCons: Common in some areas, artificial instead of natural"
positive SUPER SWEET	I like it but don't wear it often. definitely a nitetime frag. can be cloying if oversprayed like I just did..	for late nights hangin out/clubbing or 2 draw attention from the opposite sex this is a masterpiece.	otherwise just an overly sweet mess of a concoction..Pros: LONG LASTINGCons: SMEELS ARTIFICIAL"
positive Sweet, with Good Projection	This fragrance starts out really sweet and really strong at the beginning, but once it fades into the basenotes it becomes a great scent.Pros: Great Basenotes, Good ProjectionCons: Cloying"
positive overall, a very good fragrance!L1 million is very sweet but masculine smelling at the same time, it has very good projection someone from 6 feet away and more will be able to smell me, longevity is excellent, i get up to 10+ hours, very goodStarts off with a very strong sweet "bubble gum" type of vibe, and that's pretty much all you get with this fragrance so it's very linear, but it is a pleasant scent.When it starts to dry down, i get a vanilla type of vibe on my skin, but it's pretty much a skin scent when it dries down.I go one spray on the neck and one on one wrist and then i tap it with my other wrist, sometimes i go three sprays, please don't over this because it can get cloying especially in hot weatherI think this can definitely be  worn all year round, just be careful with the spray on warmer weatherI think ANY age can pull this off, I'm 16 in high school and i wear this, the ladies love itOverall i give 1 million by paco rabanne a 4.5 out of 5A very pleasant scent, great compliment getterI highly recommend testing it out on your skin first because you might not like it due to it's sweetness, but definitely check it out and give it a try!I hoped you enjoyed my review.Pros: BEAST projection/longevityCons: can get cloying if sprayed to much"
positive Sweet leather. 
positive My second number ONE...	One of the bests! Its my second!
positive I bought this after 1 sniff.
Although I love the fragrance, I consider it to be somewhat juvenile like being present when candy is being made.

I would wear this if I had to go to an evening event full of younger people and I didn't want to smell like an old man.

Other than that, the use would be pretty limited unless I'm partying in the hood.
I will continue to experiment with it to see where it might best apply.
positive This is a bit of an odd fragrance for me.  When I first samples it, I immediately fell in love with it.  I get the bubblegum and cotton candy references, but to me it smelled more like vanilla flavored pipe tobacco, you know the sweet sugary kind; even though it has no tobacco smell at all to it.  I made the mistake of wearing too much once and it really got to me.  It was way too sweet and overpowering to the point that it gave me a slight headache.  I highly suggest you go lightly with this one, or else you will definitely regret it.  I still enjoy this cologne in small doses, but can't give it an enthusiastic thumbs up.. I'd rate this as a 7/10.  It's too good for a neutral, but nothing earth shattering here.
positive I love this one. In fact, my first switch from using BOGART POUR HOMME for almost 5 years straight. It's my first day at work after wearing the 1 million - just a spray on the pulse points and then a spray on the chest. The receptionist immediately asked what's the smell as the 1 million is not so easily sold in my country as it's expensive and no sample bottles are sold in this part of the world. 

It feels like sitting in the middle of a vanilla garden all day just by wearing it. One spray is mild. The HEAD aroma is very intense. The HEART leaves a vanilla aroma. The TAIL? Yet to get to that part. My wife should be able to tell the difference. And I'm sure if it is good, I get lucky ;-) !
positive Yes it might be over used, yes it smells young, yes I might be too old to wear it, BUT what's the bottom line?  It smells good. Sure it smells like bubble gum with some cinnamon sprinkled on top and a touch of sugar. I like and so does my wife. Do I wear it everyday?  Uh no, however to mix things up from time to time I do grab this and don't think twice about it. 
positive I have used a lot of perfumes ,all top notch.This is something I really love to wear anywhere because you know that you are noticed.Bubblegums,candies etc .are the main notes.Drydown is like a leather jacket.This is complimented.A lot of people might say it's quite ladies but seriously speaking its awesome.You get 1 million compliments.Love this one.Got a lot of them and the compliments continue......................................
positive Smells very nice, youthful definitely. On me this doesn't last and project as much as the hype would have you believe, but it's a very pleasant and enjoyable fragrance. 
positive Great sweet but mature scent. Ideal for the night. The only bad thing is that is way to popular and it lacks exclusivity.
positive Everyone has it. In every club you can smell it. It has already been ripped off. But it smells great! It's actually wonderful. I dont care about others using it, i just find it gorgeous. A must have. Thumbs up.

negative Trashy, but I think that's intentional.;	If I smelled this with a blindfold on I'd say it smells like waiting outside of a public restroom in a casino. You're near the smoking section, next to a gift shop stocked with candy and especially red licorice. Every time the bathroom door opens a cloud emerges that is a combination of the urinal-cakes, the cherry-almond soap leaking out of the dispensers, the disinfectant in the mop water the janitor is cleaning the floor with... 	Then I take the blindfold off, see the tacky gold bar atomizer and think, so wait — casino bathroom is exactly what the house was going for?"  	At least it's self-aware.
negative Sickly sweet disgusting trash. Probably designed to be the next step up for teenagers from wearing Lynx Excite. "Yes! You too can smell like an accident in a sweet shop!" I certainly won't miss it when I finish the bottle.
negative In the beginning I loved '1 Million' - it was fresh and like walking through an orchard full of berries. But after a couple of minutes it transforms into this sweet stench... like you're trespassing or you got lost in some woods full of blueberry. the smell becomes so dominant that it's annoying. but luckily after a couple of minutes you can't smell a thing any longer, because it doesn't last at all.
negative this is sweet peppery synthetic frag , very cheap execution :)

probably made according to the new market taste for sweet feminine frags with some spices added so it can be sold as masculine :) anyone who can wear this can wear every single female perfume and smell better!!


guys i recommend Ormonde man, instead of this ! 
negative It smelled decent at first spray but it just isn't for me. It smells like buble gum and metal. A grown man shouldn't wear this. Let me rephrase that. A refined man shouldn't wear this.
negative Fine fragrance that meets the purpose for which it was made: partying, that appeals to the masses, good behavior on the skin ... but I can not stand it. It's not the fact of being overcrowded, but become extremely cloying on my skin, and low-quality synthetic.

neutral Bazzoka joe musk If type two diabetes had a smell, I think this is it. I hate to admit it, but I feel like 1 million has just that many things wrong with it. It is the official smell anthem for the "me" generation with how much it stands out. This is not really putting the "b" in subtle here folks. It screams "I'm 18, I paid 60 bucks for this t-shirt, I'm drunk, and I don't really love you". So if that's what you are going for, you're in luck because we found your scent.Pros: It is an introductory to the world of cologneCons: Everything
neutral When i first got my nose on 1 million, it was ok..

Second try and err, it was just way too sweet.

Im going neutral on this fragrance mainly cos i dont completely hate as it didnt offend me, but dont really think i would want to wear it.

meh...
neutral This is bubblegum.  Double-bubble, specifically.  Not for me.
neutral This is about as synthetic candy-sweet as it gets. A touch of citrus and mint to start off, a bit of spice and patchouli thrown in, not very well balanced or convincingly blended.  Outstanding, however, aside from the good silage and projection,  on my skin is the monster longevity of twelve hours. 

neutral  At first sniff this was a very unique scent, not particularly masculine, but very different from all the fresh aquatic scents that have come out over the past few years. I definitely picked up on the rose note as it began to dry down, but not so much with the leather note. I tried it on for myself and loved the top and middle notes, but  when it came to the base it smelled just like pencil shavings on me. 
 If mixed with the right chemistry I could see 1 Million as an amazing fragrance, just not on me. It is a distinct fragrance, I could pick Million out on a blind sniff, but it's not for me.
neutral didn't mind the intial first few minutes until it got too sweet.  not my cup of tea, but the i do like the bottle. very cool i must admit
neutral I get the cotton candy / juicyfruit sweetness at the start with some cinnamon. When it settles down on me, it is predominately spice and musk, with a hint of the sweetness in the background...and that there lies the problem. Too much musk and spice. If they dropped the musk back a bit and increased the sweetness on the dry down then this would be perfect. As it is, its just average.   
neutral I love it! Especially opening. Unfortunately it's so popular, that you won't find living human being, who don't know what 1 million is, what it smells like and how it looks like. Too many people wear it. If you want to smell decent and OK, then go for it!

Rating would be positive if not the popularity.
neutral This is a great one if you want to smell like cotton candy. I am not meaning that in a bad way, but it just isn't for me. I don't find any complexity in it, just sugary with a powder vanilla dry down. 
neutral Great bottle - if you're a teenage boy who wants to swank about in the bathroom. Great silage and longevity - if you're a teenage boy who wants everyone to know that he's just started shaving. Great advert - if you're a teenage boy who likes the idea of blinging it up. Great opening - not just for teenage boys - the blood orange smelled like mandarin jelly to me - delicious. Vile drydown - great for a teenage boy who wants his friends to know he's wearing 1 Million - but for everyone else it's an invitation to a migraine.  Whatever White woods are meant to smell like, they seem to occur in every budget or copycat fragrance and have the tenacity of a cockroach. 

Postscript: 5 days later, the cuff of my jacket still reeks from two sprays of a tester. 
positive For me the best way to enjoy Mitsouko, whether vintage or current formulation, is to wear the extract.  It’s the smoothest, prettiest version of this peachy chypre and it won’t leave you scratching your head like some of the other incarnations can.  The challenge of the EDP and EDT comes from that distinct “peach skin” accord of the opening notes.  It’s an abstraction, an idea of a natural smell recreated with persicol, oakmoss and other chemicals that will have varied reactions.  Some swear they smell a photorealistic peach plucked from the tree. Others like myself smell something both bitter and shrill, like champagne laced with strychnine.  But the extract is different.  It’s for Goldilocks. Somehow the peach comes off sweeter and golden, like it is linked to the milky warmth of sandalwood in the basenotes.  This Mitsouko is the one that immediately validates her status as legendary because she is such a timeless, unique and addictive concoction with layers of interest and complexity.  It is easy to imagine a person of 1919, 1960, 1989...etc. being faithful to this bottle and wishing that it never change.  That isn’t to say the EDP and EDT don’t have their own devotees, but it will depend upon how you react to that opening accord. When people talk about classic perfumery, French-style, abstract composition, they’re talking about Mitsouko.  It’s the reference chypre, the Mona Lisa of Grasse. The unlikely to be pretty Bergamot, Patchouli, Cistus and Oakmoss accord tinted and Guerlain-ified with fruit and flowers.  A perfectly judged, impossible to duplicate, enduring, mysterious masterpiece.  
positive This is reviewing a 50ml refill bottle of the EDP I bought online in August 2019. I don't know what the edition is, yet I am quite sure this is one of the most recent formulations, because yes, it is different from the formulae I have always known.

I will hasten to add that it smells wonderful... So it's not *bad*... just *different*.

Brilliant, nose-prickling aldehydes slowly evanesce to reveal a head of bergamot, and possibly delicate accents of sweet orange, a phantom lemon, petitgrain and neroli to create a brilliant citrus head. And the famous fruity, dry peach, kissed with a discreet anise.

To my nose, this new edition has more musky quality, with perceptible deermusk, civet and ambergris (all synthetic, I'm quite sure). Being a big animalic fan, I like this quality.

In years past, it would be at this moment that I smelled a certain urinaceous quality-- likely castoreum-- smelling for all the world like deer urine in a Texas cedar forest, its floor covered in moody, mulching autumn leaves. I'm really not getting that note here now... the peach/citrus is more juicy and "present".

To my nose, the spicy qualities have also been ratcheted down and made more linear, less "3D"; I suspect the famous clove note of the classic formula also had to be refomulated here, as the barky, non-sweet cinnamon is nearly as prominent now as the clove.

I am getting very little floralcy here, truth told, yet I am picking up on a salty Play-Doh heliotrope, girded with the French thyme "medicinal" or "Band-Aids" note that some describe. I'm not sure I'm getting any rose or lilac at all, and the result is, this formula smells considerably more masculine than ever, beginning to approach the brassy warmth of, say, KNIZE TEN. The pencil-ly cedar note is more discreet now, too.

The absence of oakmoss means that this formula is not quite as rounded, fungal, darkly sweetish and Art Deco-fusty as the old mixture used to be; it is also less "melancholy", as this perfume is so often famously described. Our forlorn geisha waiting for her British beau seems to have cheered up a bit, clambered up onto her tatami sandals and put on some Shiseido tangerine-colored lipstick.

And yet, I cannot melodramatically decree that MITSOUKO has been "ruined" here; the hand that has blended this is obviously expert and of the highest skill. This is still some fine, fine French perfume. In fact, some might say that this new EDP is more "wearable" than it ever was, more of a tous-les-jours candidate today, and not quite the distant and difficult "monument" she has always been. She might even be more "lovable" now (yet still removed from the sweet 'n' naughty hooker-with-a-heart that Rochas FEMME is). I cannot fault this *jus*, and she actually may find more modern lovers in this new guise.

Verdict: significantly tangier and juicier than earlier formulae; musky animalic notes more "present" now, though less urinaceous; very little perceptible floralcy and overall more masculine aura; less sweet and funky/fusty base.

Still gorgeous, bold, golden-glowing and compelling.

(UPDATE---->) Okay, now I'm getting the lilac. Surprisingly, it is not a head or heart note, but rather comes out to play in the late development of the EDP, after the spices have settled down! Mingled with an obvious iris, it smells both powdery, pastel purpley, and rubbery, like wet latex paint. Intriguing!
positive Peachy, musky and mossy. Maybe just a touch powdery and pissy. That is my thoughts. Not bad smelling or impossibly dated. Addictive and delightful. Classy and sophisticated. Complex. 
positive Adore this historic scent.  I just love this fragrance, and I make sure my wife always has a bottle!
positive Woman in the Dunes by Hiroshi Teshigahara 1964
Kobo Abe (novel)
positive Mitsouko (1919) is not just a great perfume, but also a very important one. Loved by generations and almost passed down like an heirloom from its fans to their children, Mitsouko is one of the most often-discussed classic Guerlains in existence, picking up the nickname "Mitzy" by it's admirers. I feel like a century after its creation, Mitsouko can only really be appreciated outside of these faithful fans for the history, context, and legacy it left behind for most rank and file people. Folks who enjoy perfume in the 21st century will have a difficult time understanding the appeal of Mitsouko, if only because it is of a style effectively extinct in mainstream or designer perfumery, and that style is of the chypre. Jicky (1889), L'Heure Bleue (1912), and the later Shalimar (1925) were all more or less in the fougère style, or semi-oriental fougère in the case of Shalimar, but Mitsouko was not part of Jacques Guerlain's usual "compound building" technique of basing perfumes on other perfumes, or building off of partial structures from past works, thus is unrelated to them or "Guerlinade". Instead, Mitsouko was a thoroughly new creation from the ground up, in an emerging style Jacques likely wanted to play with, and a style proving quite popular with women, becoming universally popular for much of the 20th century. It wasn't until the advent of aromachemicals that classic perfume genres declined in favor of cleaner and less-assertive compositions, with the restriction of substances upon which chypres were mostly based making chypres too difficult to create; the style had simply fallen from grace far enough to not make it worth the research anyway. In the meantime, the fruity-floral mannerisms and brisk cistus/oakmoss backbone of Mitsouko inspired countless perfumes to follow, and like most early 20th century feminine Guerlains, was also used extensively by male dandies, even being a favorite of esteemed actor Charlie Chaplin. The origins of the name "Mitsouko" is up to debate, but most sources point to it being derived from the name of the heroine in Claude Farrère's novel "La bataille (The Battle), set in Japan during the Russo-Japanese War, and telling of a secret affair between a British Navy Officer and one "Mitsouko," the wife of Fleet Admiral Baron Tõgõ Heihachirõ. As the story goes, both the officer and the Admiral went off to war together, and Mitsouko waited at home for the return of the survivor, with whom her romance would continue on. I think the association with this story alone managed to sell considerable units, since the Guerlain advertising was often hinted at it. 

The smell of Mitsouko is designed somewhat to be a compliment to the previous L'Huere Bleue, which is why they share the same bottle design. L'Heure Bleue is meant to symbolize waiting for love at the onset of night, while Mitsouko is meant to symbolize the returning of said love after a battle, representing something of a symbolic beginning and conclusion of a story arc. L'Heure Bleue is mostly a rich, powdery floral fougère, which comes on strong then fades into sweet warmth. Mitsouko is the equal opposite of this development, and represents a fragrance that literally reverse fades into view by being quiet in the opening, then gradually ratcheting up presence until the complex and sharp chypre base provides the climax. Mitsouko opens transparent, with light fruity top notes of peach, mandarin, bergamot, neroli, and lemon. The smell is so very familiar at the onset because most of us have encountered some of the women's perfumes ranging from drugstore to boutique perfumer that have attempted its emulation. The middle slowly materializes with rose, jasmine, ylang-ylang, and lilac, with a spicy clove note to sensually bind them all. By the time the base finally arrives, it's pretty difficult to tell notes apart, as the fruity floral top and middle collapse into a very complex and blended chypre base, with oakmoss and cistus labdanum being the only two really noticeable players outside some musk, amber, and sandalwood. Not quite Guerlinade, but still clearly over-engineered like most Jacques Guerlain pefumes. Some of the most cherished classics actually come across as hot takes on Mitsouko's finish in hindsight, so that deja vu comes back again for another round in my mind. Unlike whatever random Revlon or Coty everyone's Aunt Maude wore, Mitsouko has a certain refined air of a true sophisticate in its DNA, and doesn't reveal all sides of its structure in every single wear. Performance varies on concentration but more on that later. Mitsouko is not a casual fragrance, nor was ever meant to be, so wear it on special occasions where something as deeply textured or mysterious as Mitsouko feels warranted. Being perhaps one of the finest examples of a dead genre makes Mitsouko feel a tad more antiquated than some of its peers of the day, since Shalimar still remains in the public consciousness thanks to modern celebrity endorsement, plus the older turn-of-the-century Guerlains seem to more closely-resemble genres experiencing resurgence in modern prestige perfume. Mitsouko by contrast just sort of sits pretty with its hands in its lap as the darling precursor of the mid 20th century's favorite feminine style, which does more to make it an anachronism than the rest, but at least it isn't powered by aldehydes like Chanel No. 5 (1921).

I love chypres, but I also can't rightfully lead anyone to sample this without first making it clear that Mitsouko has weathered age the least-gracefully of all the classic Guerlains. Naturally, all moss was limited to ridiculously small levels by IFRA after 2011, and from 2006 to 2011, a blend of oakmoss and treemoss had to be used to reduce the amount of skin sensitizers naturally occurring in oakmoss by itself. This is why most classic chypres outside of the big sellers are discontinued, and the ones profitable enough to keep on the shelves in spite of themselves have been reformulated sometimes to the point of being unrecognizable by fans of the original releases. Contrary to that, a lot of research money has been dumped into the preservation of Mitsouko, with low-atranol "fractured" versions of oakmoss using molecular chemistry being substituted by Guerlain house perfumer Thierry Wasser for the natural stuff. It's this same reconstituted oakmoss that also exists in modern Habit Rouge (1965), and  makes Guerain chypres a far better sight and more authentic than most other chypre survivors in modern times, but still markedly different from vintage since oakmoss is such a linchpin to the chypre accord itself. Other Guerlains from the era like L'Heure Bleue or Shalimar rely more on powdery vanillic tonka bases or oriental elements, so they have survived in forms much closer to their original state than Mitsouko. Regardless of whether one seeks vintage or not, Mitsouko is still a large perfume by modern standards, so only fans of slow unfurling dry downs should seek it, with old colognes being brighter, current eau de toilettes having a more floral character, and parfum extrait having the deepest base presence/longest wear. I really like Mitsouko, and even if it's among the harder classic Guerlains for a man to pull off, I'd still flaunt it like I just don't care (because I don't), however I also cannot in good conscience call this unisex. Classic chypre fans consider Mitsouko one of several holy grails for good reason, but for everyone else, it is more of a historical journey than a practical perfume, answering the question of why "Mom's old Avon" smells the way it does. Well, now we have our answer: it wanted to be Mitsouko. Since 1919, a lot perfumes have wanted to be Mitsouko, even future Guerlain ones. Everyone just wanted to be Mitsouko, but there can only ever be one Mitsouko, and she still patiently waits for us to return home from our battles, so she can give us her love. Thumbs up!
positive Now and then I’m down in the dumps, worried about the sad state of the world.  Whenever that happens, Mitsouko is a perfect antidote.  Art, history, culture, timeless style — all perfectly represented here. Just one or two sprays, and it’s like the feeling I get in fine art museums.  You know you’re in the presence of genius.  As with all fine arts, it’s likely to take some time to really figure out and “get” Mitsouko.  Keep trying, it’s very much worth the effort.  Highest recommendation. 
positive Mitsouko is made with superb ingredients and smells very sophisticated.

I associate this smell with cigars and pipe tobacco. No need to be scared with it being peachy and feminine.
positive It’s not bad, but I feel bad for not liking it. The opening with bergamot is interesting, just like Shalimar. Then it’s a bit dull... 

OK, OK. After reading your reviews, I guess I'll have to try it again. 

The vintage Parfum miniature I have (from the 90’s) is way more interesting and make this review go from a “meh” neutral to positive. The bergamot is less present and goes towards a beautiful floral mix. Very potent. 
positive Say my name !!!! Mitsouko !
Wonderful !I like edt ,edp not good smell.
positive What wondrous story
Making past seem like present
Stirs in your bottle?
positive I bought this blindly and the Eau de Toilette came in the mail a few days ago. 

When I opened the gold box and took the elegant bottle out I was excited. 

Then I sprayed it on me. It instantly reminded me of my late Aunt Serena who lived from 1921-2011.  Which was both good and bad.

This scent is unlike anything I've ever liked. My first impression was that I hated it. My preferences are for notes such as opoponox, sandalwood, cedar, cypress, and bergamot. My favorite scents are Chanel Bois des Iles, Diptypque Tam Dao, Tom Ford Noir and Gucci II. I took a "risk" by purchasing Mitsouko.

The problem with me, personally, is that I was convinced this smelled like my late Aunt Serena. I loved her, but I did not want to smell like her. So I contacted her son and asked him if his mother ever wore Mitsouko.

His answer was related to something that will not sound at all politically correct but it is the truth.  

Aunt Serena was married to Uncle Luke,  who served in the US Army Infantry during WWII. He fought in the most brutal battles in the Pacific, both on Leyte Island and Okinawa against Japanese forces. He saw the worst of war. He hated the enemy.

So according to Serena and Luke's son Tom, his mom would NEVER wear any perfume that sounded Japanese. My apologies for having to communicate something which sounds prejudiced to modern ears. Yes it is, but it must be understood in connection to those who experienced WWII. There are still some old people who won't drive German cars, or people in China who cannot forgive Japan, or Japanese who cannot forgive the atomic bombs. We must all repair our bonds but we also must try and see how historic hates metastasized into wars. 

So now I know my Aunt Serena never wore Mitsouko. And after learning of this, I reapplied the scent, forgot the association, and found that Mitsouko needs time to appreciate. 

It is frankly old-fashioned, reminding me of opening up an old box of newspapers in an attic, smelling the inside of piano, entering an old house where a woman just dusted herself with powder and went into the kitchen and sliced up a peach.

The scent sticks and sticks and will not go away. It dries down into something perceptible and ruminative. It makes me think of the piano score from the Anastasia (1958) written by Alfred Newman and starring Ingrid Bergman.
positive I read another fragrantica review about Guerlains, which propose an explaination why this truly legendary brand not as popular as it was: they're not those over-the-counter 5-minutes-fame perfumes, they're mean to be take-home and appreciated in a longer time frame. Most people don't have the patience now.

Now that I've experienced mitsouko, I can't agree more with this review.

First time I tried mitsouko at counter, the sales person burst into laugh when they saw the grimace I made: the opening is a bit off-putting. It has a rather medicinal note which appears in a lot of old Guerlains, and I still don't know what caused it. I also get that inky/wet oakmoss tone on top. The rest of it is soft-fresh spice smell, not sweet, not warm, not harsh.

I just let it sit on my arms and went home, planning to scrub it off as soon as I can. By one accident sniff I was captured: it turns into something divine. The only note I can pick out is peach, not in a realistic way——frankly speaking, a lot of realistic peach only make me feel they tried too hard——but rather...lazy and comforting, not unlike a beauty lies blithely on the bed of aforementioned spicy accords, as if she did not know how charming she is. 

So Guerlain teachs me a lesson: never judge a perfume by its opening, especially old classics like mitsouko.
positive 

Each evening, come rain or shine, I run with my whippet through the enormous walnut orchards by my house, as the sun slowly sets. During the fall (my favorite season), the walnuts ripen and finally shed their skins, and the fruit drops to the ground. The skins, the shells, the still-warm earth, and the fading leaves on the trees--all of this is closely reincarnated in Mitsouko. The perfume's dark, velvety oak moss and its walnut-skin bite of piquant green create in me an almost melancholic introspection that suits my artistic nature down to a T. It's autumnal tone and notes that mimic moist, rain-soaked dirt speak to me in the same way that black and white films and photographs do. Its beauty is an aching, longing kind that will never be totally fulfilled, and it is all the more lovely because of this. Somehow Mitsouko seems to find the commonalities between the human body and the natural world, all the while speaking to a deep, nameless emotion that those who have lived long enough, share. 

-Review for the vintage PdT
positive I bought Mitsouko perfume bottles 15ml.& 7ml. This is classic and very beautiful smell. Perfume had flower,wood smell but Eau de Toilette had green smell sharply. I don't like EdT. 
positive This one I like, depending on my mood.  To me it is a woody, slightly spicy, floral.  No one note stands out.  They are all blended together.  It is a somewhat monotone fragrance.  

I have learned to love this.  Perhaps it is all the sampling of other perfumes, since purchasing this one, that I have come to appreciate its beauty.
positive This one crept up on me. I got myself a 2 ml sample of the EdT because I wanted to explore some of the classic Guerlain fragrances. I did not expect to really love it, but it did sound interesting, and I thought it might help me understand what a chypre smells like.

On the first try I did not even know whether I liked it or not. Compared to most of my (rather Chanel heavy) fragrance collection, this one smelled a little odd, a bit difficult, slightly off even. It did, however, smell interesting, not generic, and certainly not boring, and somehow I kept going back to that sample to try some more.

It took me a few wears to distinguish and label the different notes I smelled. I definitely get peach. It's not a bright and sunny peach, but more of a mysterious dark peach. I also get a little of the jasmine and some subtle woods in the base, but neither of these notes are the star of the show. 

The real defining note for me is what I've been lovingly calling the Guerlain funk. In the case of Mitsouko, it's a stale-flower-vase-water funk; vegetal, fuzzy and cool. It gives this fragrance a deep dark, murky green feel. This might sound unattractive, but it isn't. Combined with the dark gold sparkle of the peach, it transports me to a shadowy pond in a enchanted forest, where frogs just may transform into princes. 

And by the time I used the last of my 2 ml sample I felt sad that I would now be without this fragrance, so I bought a full bottle.

I have the sneaking suspicion that I'll continue to like this more the more  I wear it.


positive This review is for the 2014 EDT, which is reputed to be among Guerlain's better reformulations. I also have a 2015 EDP, and can't recommend that one - it has a sour note, and might have been among the batch issued prior to Guerlain's 2015 Mitsouko and L'Heure Bleue production halt due to a problem with one of their shared ingredients (that issue was resolved, and production resumed in 2016). The 2015 suspension involved only the EDP and parfum extrait concentrations of those fragrances - not the EDT.

Mitsouko EDT, while of course lighter and thinner than the parfum, is true to its heritage and actually smells more like my vintage juice than the 2015 EDP (referenced above). The EDT is fresh, crisp and well delineated, and it even has a little of the bite we associate with oakmoss (though modern Mitsouko contains only a fractionated version of that restricted ingredient). So I agree with those who say that 2014 was a very good year for Mitsouko EDT.  
positive It's bright and sunny. I smell peach and ginger and mace and honey. Even so, I would keep it for spring and summer. It's got a little spice to it as it opens up, and while I wouldn't call this a night scent /for me/, I tend to wear masculine perfumes at night, so this might be deep enough for someone who prefers florals in the daytime. 
positive Mitsouko edt is a fun, interesting fragrance, reminiscent of a leather handbag filled with lotions and other secrets, with some bright fruit and sweet flowers, peach and jasmine, I gather.
positive Unbelievably multi-faceted and ever-evolving during the course of a single wearing, and different to my nose every day I wear it. It seems like everything affects it, and tilts it one way or another along a burnished gold spectrum: the temperature outside, the time of year, my mood, the alignment of the planets, what I had for lunch :). Even though some days it's not for me, it is simply without peer and worthy of its pedestal. A treasure.
positive Purchased for my wife based on Basenotes reviews and popularity.  I own several Guerlain fragrances and always have found the house's scents very well done in a quite traditional sense.

What struck me as odd about Mitsouko is that it didn't seem dated at all but in fact, a very modern fruity chypre.  The peach and jasmine middle notes are prominent, supported by a mossy wood base.  Sweet, but not sickly.  Although not listed, there's a touch of white floral, to keep it feminine.  Good longevity and average sillage.  Seems to be a better fall to spring scent.  Wife likes it.

Thumbs Up for me as well.
positive I've tried this on a few occasions now, as all Guerlains require me to before reviewing! Well, this is an interesting one.  It takes confidence for a man to wear it, but once you feel confident, it's an amazing experience and nobody would ever think you were wearing a "Women's" fragrance.  Right at the start it's slightly fruity but in my opinion it's "dry", not juicy. That dryness allows it to be firmly unisex where just a bit more juice would have leaned feminine.  There's some citrus and spice lurking in the background but it's never very strong on me.

The middle is also immediately evident, you don't really need to wait for the top to fade.  The middle is moss and rose, plus just a bit of a peach-fuzz-like effect.  Also the moss here doesn't smell like the oakmoss we're all used to, at least not to me, and it smells nothing like the little vial of true oakmoss I have either.  It smells recognizably like standard green moss that you might have smelled as a child.  There's some vetiver somewhere in the mix too but it isn't grassy, it's earthy.  There are some woods in there as well but I can't quite pinpoint exactly what kinds of woods they are.  They're soft and don't smell generic or synthetic.  If this all makes it sound like a scent influenced by unusual outdoors-evoking smells, that's because it is.  Slightly sweet but earthy and rich, and shame unto anyone who says that description doesn't sound masculine, or at least unisex.

Things get softer toward the end but that's really it with this fragrance.  The only thing that made me question wearing this out in public was that rose note.  Upon further thought, however, I decided rose is very common in oud scents and incense fragrances that men wear.  If it's OK to mix with a peppery wood and smokey incense, why not earthy vetiver and moss? One more thing that really solidified my confidence in the fragrance's unisex quality was its reference in Habit Rouge EDP.  There are some parts in the middle of Habit Rouge EDP that are, at least in my opinion, a firm nod in Mitsouko's direction.  When I close my eyes and smell my wrist while wearing this, "feminine" doesn't even come to mind.  So relax, men, this is more masculine than original Habit Rouge and Habit Rouge EDP.  I think it's significantly more masculine than Dior Homme.  This is certainly more masculine than Shalimar, which many men wear.  Plus it's an amazing composition that we deserve to enjoy too!  Big thumbs-up from me.

negative So sad, this was a perfume I loved many years ago and wanted to sample again - and I can't smell the beautiful peach and mossy notes at all. It just smells like wet towels. Or maybe it's my nose. But this is not at all lovely, in fact it is rather nauseating, and I feel so sorry for all the people who expect the former great classic scent and end up with this miserable parody.
negative I really want to like this. It doesn't smell at all how I expected. It has a lovely woody clove scent that i love, but I can't get around another prominent note that smells perfectly like freshly opened band aids. This is the edt version, so that might make a difference.

neutral Trial of EDT from mini-bottle of set, unknown year.  Scent was nice initially, faded off rapidly, fading scent was nice; may try in stronger formula in future.
neutral There's much to love here, however it's not something I enjoy wearing.  As I have two bottles of vintage juice, I find that in my vaporizer, my home smells amazing.  Bit expensive for a home scent, but everyone who comes in is blown away by how beautiful my home smells.
neutral It's been about 10 or 12 years since I first tried Mitsouko, back when my Dillard's used to carry all the classic Guerlains. I didn't love it. I didn't hate it. But I didn't really like it, either. I did groove on the initial brightness of it, the juicy peachiness interwoven with citrus, but then after the first few minutes it devolved into something more harsh, yet at the same time kind of vague. I figured I just wasn't sophisticated enough to appreciate it, and yet I never revisited it.

Until recently, when I was gifted with a bottle of the EDP, which turns out to be from 2014, supposedly a very good reformulation year. The peachy/citrusy opening still really sparkles, and the middle sings a very fine spicy (cinnamon? clove?) tune on my skin for about an hour. But after that it just falls off the cliff and muddles itself into a big ol' bunch of fusty/dusty/musty-ness, and not in a way that I would normally champion, like, say, Joy’s symphonic florals turned to rot or Djedi's mix of damp-basement and lemony roses or Youth Dew's balsamic orange blossom weirdness. Here, and at least on my skin and to my nose, Mitsouko is kind of a mess—an expensive, beautifully made, historically significant mess, to be sure. But still a mess.

The good news is, if you love it, it will last forever. It's still wafting from the T-shirt I had on when I spritzed it two days ago.

neutral Every time I try this out,  it smells like spicy plastic and I can't detect the florals at all.  I'm mainly smelling a more peppery version of Irish Spring with something else I can't identify muddying up the smell. It certainly smells expensive,  but it's also highly stuffy and moldy.  It's what I imagine an old dowager's mink smells like. I love most Guerlains, but this one hasn't worked for me in any season. After an hour,  I have to get it off of me. 
neutral This is going to be a bit lengthy, but I think Mitsouko deserves it...

So here I am - my Basenotes wardrobe says I've tried almost 2000 perfumes now, and this is close to my 600th review, so I feel like I have a basic grasp on what I'm talking about when it comes to perfumes, and I still very much struggle with Mitsouko.  It's supposed to be the finest perfume in the world, and truth be told, I just don't really like it that much.

To me, Mitsouko is confusing in a frustrating way, like trying to untangle an impossibly knotted cord.  And yet somehow, everyone else seems to "get it" and have simple descriptions of it that make no sense to me.  

I started off with the current extrait version, spraying it on at every opportunity for years.  Something about its concentration always knocks out my nose, leaving me smelling practically nothing, whether I try a light or heavy application.  After years of thinking I must be doing something wrong, I've decided that the extrait simply disagrees with me and I've written it off.

From there, I tried the current EDP.  I have no trouble smelling it, but I just don't get the magic that everyone else does.  If I bury my nose in it and study it really hard, I can barely make out whiffs of peach and clove and a hint of something green and poopy, but it mostly all melts together into a cohesive single entity that smells to me like thick, peanutty dough.  It actually smells pretty good, but the claims of it being the best peachskin perfume or the ultimate textbook chypre are baffling to me.  

So, as a gift from a fantastic perfume friend, I got a sample of the vintage EDP.  As is chemically unavoidable, the topnotes have turned with age, so you have to wait through about 20 minutes of rancid vinegar before the good stuff starts.  Eventually, it lands on that peanutty dough smell, but somehow less cohesive than the current version.  I can smell peach - it's still not upfront, but I can understand how it is flavoring the peanut dough mixture.  The same goes for the rose and cloves and a dark green smell that I'm assuming is the oakmoss everyone is crazy for (it honestly doesn't smell like the little bottle of oakmoss tincture I use as my benchmark, though).  It's more strongly poopy than the current version, and the whole mixture is louder.

So I guess my favorite is the vintage EDP, but there are other classic chypres I enjoy a lot more.  I like the peanut dough smell, but the same effect is in L'Heure Bleue, but teamed up there with powdery flowers and greens and sandalwood and iris and the amazing Guerlinade base, so I like it MUCH more than Mitsouko.

So I guess that's it.  After years of study, the world's best perfume gets a "meh" from me.  Maybe someday something will click and I'll fall in love, but after all these years of sampling Mitsouko, I doubt that's going to happen.  So I guess that leaves me voting "neutral".  Oh well...
positive Salutation.
MITSOUKO is one of the best NIGHT scents.A heavenly feminine elegant scent that evokes wonderful memories as it is a unique part of your personality.It have a timeless appeal which transcends time.Mysterious,Classy,Warm,Heavy, Exquisite,Classic,Generous,Traditional and Unforgettable.

It has Floral-Fruity top notes that reveal Citruses,Peach with a soft spicy touch these lead to the Warm and Mossy base notes ruled by Amber,Okamoss and Vetiver as it has a lot of hidden undertones that seems to come out at different times of Night.It smell makes precious effluvium and transport it to Everyone.

It is strong but not overpowering or obnoxious.Regardless MISSOUKO is a must try,this classic scents possess a charisma that nowaday perfumes are lack it.no doubt it appropriate for COLD EVENINGS and i recommend it to a High Class and Dignified Lady in SPECIAL occasions.Heaven in a Bottle.

Sillage?Great.

Longevity?Magnificent on my skin.

8/10

positive This perfume has a little something in it for everyone. Herbal? Check. Gourmand? Check. Sweet - but not overly so? Check. Sexy? Major check. The base notes come out early, rounding out the middle notes into a robust, sexy scent, that dries down into something more somber and thoughtful. Quite an amazing journey. Plus, I do love a good peach scent... If you like Bond No 9 Chinatown, this will be up your alley. 
positive Edt Version. A smooth yet bitter chypre with a surging moss note that seems to rise up from the center of the composition.

Mitsouko is pretty great. It highlights the complexity of Guerlain’s compositions, managing to form a wall-of-scent effect but without clobbering you in the process. It's the ideal merger of florals, citrus, spices, and moss with the latter two items sitting in the front seat. To me, it’s a smoldering kind of perfume that seems to move away from the pyramid structure we’re familiar with to create instead the impression of a primary green core with the secondary notes rippling out in concentric waves.

As it settles, it takes on more of a wood/grass kind of a role but with a prominent peach poking through. The spices play a more focused role here as well, with cinnamon and something that smells a little like clove creeping into the mix. It never turns full gourmand, but it does seem savory and edible at moments. Ultimately, it’s a great chypre with a warm, comfortable edge to it despite its brisk opening.
positive This was my first Guerlain purchase, when after reading much about the brand's history and creations, I rocked up at my local department store, determined that I had to find one to suit me. The sales girl told me that I was definitely a Shalimar girl, then sprayed me with it, and Mitsouko, and left me to think about it. Half an hour later, I was back, hooked on the latter, whatever anyone said.
For me, it was not so much the fruity peach-skin note that did it, instead I was taken by the combination of oakmoss and spices (I sniffed cinnamon in particular), which reminded me of Christmas, perhaps in a wintry, foresty setting. It has a richness and warmth that speaks of drama and history, of people with stories to tell doing interesting things. But it is not just a plush, expensive perfume - the oakmoss, for me, sets it apart and makes it that little bit different.
I have to admit, though, it is exclusively a cool-weather fragrance, and works particularly well on grey overcast days.
positive Okay I've taken the plunge. The citrus is pretty obvious and so is the rose (which is similar to the rose on Habit Rouge EDT but stronger). Pretty quickly the middle notes approach with a nice blending of all those notes. The peach gives the floral a slight gourmand reaction. I found it to be pretty quiet in the first couple of minutes but now it keeps drumming on in a good clip with three sprays on my wrist. The florals give it a slightly "fresh bread" smell and the peach/oakmoss combination seems like the core of the scent. It all blends very well. I don't see this particularly being too feminine and I would recommend it to those who like, gourmands, rose scents, citrus and oakmoss. I think this could be suitable anytime of year but personally there is something cosy about it in regards to the spices and would be even better in the winter. The spices really move the scent forward. It doesn't scream of headache inducing florals but stays close to the skin and is very tasteful. It may seem stronger if you sit in one place collecting wafts of the scent. The true beauty appears in the drydown where the spices meet the woods. 
positive "I've lost too many to be happy..."

What is the scent of melancholy? This bizarre child of some post-war Europe is staring at you with its beautiful slanted eyes and smiles wistfully. Noone is certain how it was baptized with that delicate and mellifluous name anymore. A name that steps in two different worlds. The one of mystery and the one of the morning light. A name that involves a British officer, a Japanese Fleet Admiral, a heart split in twain, a French writer and member of Académie française, an Austrian diplomat, the daughter of a Tokyo antique seller tycoon, and a small part of the world called Hellas... The journey begins...
In 1909, Claude Farrère wrote a novel under the title "La Bataille". It was about the forbidden love between the wife of Heihachiro Togo or Marquess Yorisaka and the naval liaison Commander Herbert Fergan. When both of them headed for the Battle of Tsushima she promised that she would spent the rest of her life with whoever would come back alive. Noone did... Love and duty were drown in the Korea Strait, leaving her a lonesome widow. Her name was Mitsouko...
On May 16th in 1892, Heinrich von Coudenhove-Kalergi, descendant of a Byzantine family, married the tiny daughter of Aoyama family despite both families' opposition to that act. A few years later they moved to Europe. She never saw her country again... The had seven children. One of them, Richard Nikolaus Graf von Coudenhove-Kalergi, was one of the pioneers in the idea of a United Europe. This remarkable woman managed to learn French, German, Geography, History, Law and Economics in order to stand her ground in her new country. Her name was Mitsuko...
According to the fascinating stories which are many times woven about the christening of a fragrange, one of these two women gave her name to the myth. A name which, in its language of origin, means "Child of Light" and not "Mystery" as Jacques Guerlain would like us to believe. As for the "o" that turned it into "Mitsouko", it is simply the French pronunciation of the Japanese phoneme. But alas, although the name points to something cheerful, the perfume itself is one of the most melancholic scents I have ever sensed... Aloof, like the locked heart of a maiden who waits her dearest to return from a lengthy, perilous trip to some far-flung corner of the Earth... Want-clad, like the sad remains of a forlorn love, lost in the paths of time... A scent of unfulfilled promises and enslaved desires... There is an old Cretan folk song that says:

Everyone asks me "Why crying?".
But who do I annoy?
I came unwanted in this world
to make your hearts my toy...

I thik that it fits perfectly... Mitsouko is not the loud expression of a grief asking to be the centre of attention. It is the wise and silent agony for a world long gone. A certain story has it that L'Heure Bleue marked the beginning of World War One and Mitsouko its end. Like the symbols of a parenthesis that the world was hoping never to endure again. Mitsouko, despite closing this catastrophic parenthesis, is not an optimistic scent. Maybe because while looking back it saw the towering woes and looking frontwards saw the next war coming...
I do not know if you have ever had a feeling like this, but Mitsouko makes me yearn of someone I never met... It brings me memories of things I never lived...
I see a woman dressed in a mofuku kimono. Every dawn she walks with light steps to the wooden balcony of her house in Shirahama. There, she stands wreathed in morning dew and gazes the vast ocean...
I see Sergei Diaghilev, founder of the renowned Ballets Russes, to remind the stage workers not to forget to douse the tabs in Mitsouko, for the scent to fill the sybaritic hall of Theatre de Champs Elysees, every time the coryphées enter the stage...
I see the luminous Art Deco main hall of the "Normandie" where the passengers are swirling blithely to the tunes of the orchestra, while the magnificent ship floats her way on the frigid Atlantic...
I see Charlie Chaplin sitting ostracized and brooding in the lounge of Manoir de Ban, over Lake Geneva, staring without seeing at the bleak sky. Ostracized from a country which, a few years ago, worshipped him. And brooding... He who made everyone laugh... Everything around him reeks with Mitsouko, his favourite scent...
I see the audience in a live club located in Aix en Provence in the late 80's, pulsing with the sounds of a strange mixture of punk, rock, synth pop and jazz which the band on stage hands out generously. The name of the band is Les Rita Mitsouko...
And finally, I see a penniless painter in a musty attic in Paris during the Années Folles. He stands mesmerized by the window, trying to descry in the crowd his model who has just left. The lingering scent of Mitsouko caresses fondly the unfinished painting. The very same painting to which he confesses his love every night. The love he feels for her but never dared to speak out loud. Mitsouko solaces him and promises that it shall be with him as a reminder of her, untill the next time they meet...
I humbly apologize and ask for your understanding if this review is way too lengthy and borderline "delirium" but how many words are enough to describe a mythos?...
positive Genre: Chypre

How, in the course of reviewing close to 800 fragrances, have I managed not to write about  Mitsouko? To answer with a question, what more could I say about it that hasn’t been said already? Nobody needs to read more analysis of its structure, more rapturous praise, more speculation on gender-appropriateness, or more nit-picking over the various concentrations (I like the parfum) and reformulations (the latest is brighter, thinner, and more obviously fruity, but still recognizable). Mitsouko is a monument in the history of perfumery. You may or may not like it, but if you care about fragrance you should wear it at leas once.

positive I was a fun, no it is not correct: I was in love with Heritage, de Gueralin, amd indeed the parfum version was my signature. Nowdays, it seems that the eau de toilette has been reformulated, loosing its body, while eau de parfum, is missing.
Since I am in love with Guerlain house, for imstamce eau du coq, eau de guerlain, etc. I come to test Mitsouko.
Here you go: I am a man, amd now Mitsouko, the eau de parfum, is my new signature.
A fantistc chypree, light but present, as intermal flame that show you the way.
I do not care of marketing, to me fragrances are comimg without sex.
This is a masterpice of perfumery.
The utilization of peach in combination with mossy undertones is simply genial!
positive Mitsouko is by far the most fascinating, and at times frustrating, perfume in my collection. I have a complicated relationship with her. How I feel about Mitsouko depends very much on what she decides to show of herself to me on any given day. Some days, she is cold and reserved, and whatever glimpse of peaches I get is more like a pan of hard, unripe fruit being simmered in formaldehyde in a far off room than the ripe, juicy fruit of which others speak. Oh but when she decides to relent! There is nothing better than Mitsouko when she is in a good mood. Slowly, she will drop her standoffish reserve and part her musty curtains to reveal a bed of spiced peaches on a dark, mossy bed – this Mitsouko is playful and mysterious.

I am working on a theory that you can break Mitsouko a little, or at least try to bend her to your will by placing her in situations where she is forced to come out of her shell. I discovered this when I spritzed it on one day in Spring this year before going for a long, six hour walk through the city with my husband, young son, baby daughter and my mum. By the end of the day, Mitsouko had taken on this salty, outdoorsy, herbal aspect that merged with the faint sweat on my skin. It was if both Mitsouko and I had finally learned to stop pacing edgily around each other and just chill out a bit.

Part of my frustration is her unpredictability. I can never know which one of her Janus faces she will show me on any given day. I own Mitsouko in many different concentrations and vintages: the 2013 EDP, a 1970’s EDT, a 1960’s EDT (onion bottle), the modern pure perfume, and lastly, a 1970’s spray deodorant. Each one of them smells, and behaves, slightly different on my skin, and none of them are consistent in what they reveal to me of their character. For example, today, to write this , I sprayed the 1970’s EDT – a version with real oakmoss listed on the back of the bottle – on the back of one arm. It is usually the friendliest version of them all, for me. But today, its opening was rather severe and unforgiving.

Two hours in, however, and I get a surprise! For the first time in my relationship with Mitsouko, she is giving me a glimpse of her spiced floral mid-section, the rose, ylang, and jasmine that when combined with the peach and moss, manage to smell like freshly proved bread dough. It’s delicious. I am not sure how long this little détente will last, so I am holding my breath, hoping not to alert her to my presence. If it is not clear by now, then I will say it openly: Mitsouko is not a perfume you own. She owns you. As for me, she’s grabbed me by the short and curlies, if not my heart strings, and doesn’t seem like she’s letting go anytime soon.
positive Queen of Chypres

There isn't much more to add to what has been said. We know it's significance. It has it's place in history of perfume, it's been called the best of all time etc...

It's Oakmoss and Peach and rose and many other things, it's like a secluded garden in a forest full of flowers, with the smell of rain still in the air. Jacques Guerlain wanted to evoke with this "the smell of a woman's skin". I understand what he was trying to do.

I also don't see how anyone would not like this. It's floral, fruity, but so deep and earthly and rich and very hard to describe. I find it very unique. A wonderful mossy, beautiful fragrance, and a wonderful experience to smell. I really think everyone should try this. I don't think "old lady" or other labels. It really doesn't smell like much else and it was the inspiration (like Jicky and Shalimar), for not just many other classics, but also much of what we have today in the world of perfume.

I think this should be preserved forever as something really special. It has no gender, time or place. It should stand as something for all and everyone, and for all time. Real art in a bottle. Wonderful stuff!
positive Splendid, invigorating, evocative, balsamic, flower, baroque.. a celestial symphony. One of the best fragrances ever made – easily in the top three at least. And speaking as a man, one of the fragrances I enjoy wearing the most. As far as I know, it's also one of the few scents that have not been "mutilated" with bad reformulations... the EDP is still pretty good.

10/10 
positive I purchased Mitsouko EDP recently, and have tried wearing it just twice.  Although I do not dislike this fragrance I could not understand the raves I've read about it.  It is a little too sweet for me. 

Today I tried a sample of vintage Mitsouko pure parfum.  What a difference.  I love it.  It is so much smoother it's like drinking a great champagne vs. a cheap one.  I know that's not a great analogy, but is the best I can do right now.  I only wish this could be made by the vintage formula, of course I've wished that for Joy also ( and a few others, LOL).
positive before i tried vintage PDT i could not appreciate this scent enough,

for me this is beautiful galbanum note, spicy, strong , vibrant....an amazing experience yes ,i love how Bal a Versailes put it. Oak moss is not that green here, but gives feel of something aromatic and natural behind, that takes breath away!

when i smell it from the distance i get old lady vibe , when i put my nose closer to the skin its soo gorgeous, one has to get used to it, becasue modern perfumes just lost it, from that old lady vibe i think there must be some animalic notes too

EDT version is much sharper, in a masculin kind of way, the differenc is huge to my nose, its more mossy, less spicy, and less beauty for me


positive The most beautiful smell in the world. I know they  say do not mix your fragrances but I wear this with vintage rochas femme, the two together smell sublime, try it you wont be disappointed.
positive The beauty of this fragrance is obvious in many parts: after the bright and fruity citrus-neroli opening arises the balanced flowery jasmine and rose, counterbalanced by the bergamot, and all enveloped in a creamy of lilac, jasmine and ylang-ylang note that bears the hallmark of a classic.  The clove is providing a slightly spicy counterbalance and is accompanied by a gently powdery element. 

The base contributes a cluster of cistus, touches of ambergris, lots of benzoin and some musky aroma in the background.  

A soft and gentle patchouli is given added with by a restrained oakmoss with hints of black peppers.   Herbal-wooodsy vibes appear towards the end, with myrrh and some sandalwood standing out here.  

Recalling an older formulation, however, a lot of the richness and luxuriant intensity has gone; it has become leaner, more "modern" and a bit duller. Whilst the Louis Vuitton version veers towards the neutral overall, the total score over the years remains a thumbs-up for this classic. Projection is average, but even the new version lasts five hours on me.  Great for spring evenings.  3.5/5. 

positive this is only for the  sexy and kinky type of guys, you wanna be dusky and sexy? this is for you obscure lovers out therer!
positive MItsouko is not a fragrance but an experience. This is mine. Take an eight week old baby from it's crib at 4 pm. It's bathtime. Droplets of breast milk have run down into the creases of his neck where they smell interesting but not offensive. The soft scent of cotton wafts up from baby's skin and there is just the faintest trace of fudgy excrement on his bottom, mixed with the protective barrier cream, Amolin, I think, slightly almond. the kernel of the peach.  His wispy hair smells divine and he burps a tiny hiccup of gripe water and you recognise the dill and fennel. In spite of the active biology of his skin you desperately love and desire what is so unique and you know that in minutes he will smell of sudsy baby soap and talcum powder. 
Mitsouko in repose, after the initial burst has gone, smells of love, breath, breast, sleep, innocence and desire, milk, cotton, fennel, almond and urea. 
positive This review is for the modern extrait;

The opening is very retro in feel, with an underlying creaminess that quickly becomes more prominent, & sweeter, almost cloying. After an hour though, it is softer & mossier. And although l don't really get the peach note, l do get the "fuzzy peach skin" vibe others have mentioned. Three hours in, l get salty oakmoss along with an ambery sweetness, & the whole thing is still traceable after seven hours on my skin.
l didn't expect to love Mitsouko, although of course l respect her classic pedigree. l can imagine growing to like her a lot after a few more wearings though, especially having read that she tends to show different facets of her character at different times. She isn't bitter & green on my skin as l have found other chypres to be, but l think it's the addition of galbanum that usually causes this. Mitsouko is prettier & much less "dark & mysterious" than l expected, in fact she is surprisingly easy to wear, & makes me feel very put-together, grown-up & in control.
positive My favorite of all time, owning 3 bottles.

A must try for every Perfumista.

This is simply became an Icon in the perfumes world.

This is probably the only bergamot scent i encountered which

in the opening you are not hit with bergamot ( contrary to aqua di parma)

which surprised me, in other words, perfectly blended
positive I still have a lot to learn about chypres, so it made perfect sense to try one of the world's most famous chypres, Mitsouko.

'Perfumes: The Guide' uses Mitsouko as their chypre reference, hailing it as one of Guerlain's best masterpieces. I'm young, not really a big fan of chypres, however I do agree wholeheartedly on that definition.

Mitsouko is warm, slighty spicy, mossy, citrusy and dry. This fragrance tends to be so complex that it is difficult to pinpoint any particular note at any given time.

While this fragrance may be classic and extremely well-known, there is a sense of timelessness in this fragrance. It doesn't age as it makes an easy transition into a new century.

The classic Guerlain's continue to amaze me. Mitsouko is just as worthy of praise as those very distinguished Shalimar and L'Heure Bleue bottles. It is a pity that Guerlain now produces fragrances that don't live up to its renowned name.

While mostly green, crisp and earthy to my nose, (a scent that I'd also recommend to men), I feel a sense of velvety softness, something that settles on my skin like a harmony of silky florals and creamy goodness. This contradictory experience both confuses me and allures me at the same time.

Perhaps the reason why this fragrance is such a masterpiece is because it can evoke so many different feelings and opinions. Mitsouko is not something I can imagine myself wearing, however it is something that I could have the desire to smell every few seconds if I had the opportunity.
positive Mitsouko’s most charming quality is that it suggests an aging face.  Remember back in the day when people aged visibly?  Qualities like patience, endurance, maybe even wisdom suggested that there was a reward to having come out on the other side of youth and middle-age.  Of having gained something.  There is something deserving, and in the best cases, generous to be found in an old face.  Something implicitly handsome and attractive.  

Perhaps for worse, but, with hope, for the better, I’m aging.  Mitsouko suits me more as time passes.  I imagine there’s the lucky young person who can wear Mitsouko with aplomb, but I like to hope that wearing Mitsouko with that powerful grace of age is one of the better things in life that awaits me.

from scenthurdle.com
positive My favourite Guerlain scent. Reading these reviews reminds me I should replenish my wardrobe and buy more
positive The first time I smelt Mitsouko I was so excited.  I'd read Luca Turin going on about it and was expecting some sort of divine revelation.

I went into a department store and smelt some on a smelling strip.  My first reaction was - Wax Crayons?

However, I'd been told that you needed to try this on your skin and keep going back to it (I've also learnt that the first time I smell something complex my brain defaults to a smell it already knows).

So I kept on trying but it still wasn't opening up for me.  Then on the seventh(!) try, I'd sprayed it on and had gone into another shop (I still remember it vividly).  Suddenly it opened up around me.  It felt like I was at the centre of a 3D scent mandala whose constituents were constantly shifting and revolving around me.  I was totally lost in the enchantment of it.

Ah Mitsouko, what are you?  Hyper-synthetic peach layered with  rich florals, or bright citrus with deep dank moss?   Sometimes you feel like a misty morning, others like a bright clean summer's day,  or musty dark green undergrowth in the rain, or a candy violet treat, or.........    Whatever you are smelling like though you really hit the sweet spot in my brain and smell just darn GOOD!

Mitsouko's genius, I believe, lies (like the language of Shakespeare) in indeterminacy.  By remaining complex and open, generations of people are able to project their own interpretations into its structure.  True Art.

It wasn't quite divine but I definitely got my revelation! 
positive   I've actually changed my mind about this fragrance. The first time I wore it I thought I didn't like it, probably because it comes on very strong when I first apply it. However, I gave it another chance today and I actually like it a lot more! I think how I feel about a fragrance can vary a lot depending on my mood. Also, Mitsouko is very different from most modern fragrances so I think I just wasn't prepared for the way it smells. Today, I've been wearing it for a few hours and I find I really enjoy the way Mitsouko smells when it dries down. When I first apply it I mostly smell the dry woody and green notes a lot, but dried down it smells like exotic spices on me and I find that I want to keep smelling it! I don't think it's a fragrance I could wear every day but it's definitely a really nice sexy evening scent! I actually do recommend this one to everyone who likes chypre and spicy exotic fragrances. 

negative I tried this for the first time last Sunday.  I liked it at first.  It was earthy and fresh.  Then it dried down to "little old lady" smell.   It just didn't work for me.   However, My elderly mother and Aunt liked it
negative It's unfortunate...that I have to give this perfume a poor review based on reactions from women I know. Two took a sniff of it, one is obsessed with perfume, and immediately wrinkled noses and comments like "What the hell is that?" and "Smells like old ladies". I guarantee you 99.9% of women under 40 will not like this perfume. I'd highly recommend trying this out before deciding to purchase.

neutral This is a love it or hate it scent for me and for a number of my friends.

There are days when its earthy, sharp cinnamon/carnation blast seems totally unique and intriguing and other days when I ask myself why I am enjoying smelling like I just rolled around in fresh loam. And I am one of those who can not detect peach in this at all.

What amazes me is that the strong carnation/clove note is not listed in the ingredients. What olfactory trick is being played here.

Top notes: Peach, Bergamot, Hesperides
Middle notes: Lilac, Rose, Jasmine, Ylang
Base notes: Vetiver, Amber, Oakmoss, Cinnamon, Patchouli, Cedarwood, Black Pepper, Ambergris

I tried very hard to like this classic, but ultimately have decided after using a full 100 ml bottle over 9 months that I will not be replacing it.  Wanting to love it, but can't.
neutral I rather liked this in the original formulation. 	A lady I know and respect wears this as her signature fragrance... in its original formulation.  Apparently she has a stockpile of the vintage perfume.  Unknowingly, I bought her a bottle of the new formulation as a gift.  She eyed it warily when given, complemented me on correctly identifying her selection and then said to me "let me teach you something about perfume."  So excused herself, and apparently went and bathed and changed clothes, and applied my gift.  What a difference!  A muted presence, so much lost.  That's when she told me "Only old perfumes are worthwhile.  The regulations imposed today make perfume simply awful."  In the case of Mitsuoku, she is entirely correct.  It's not that the new formula is disgusting, but that it is only a pale imitation of the original.  It feels somehow... soulless in comparison.
neutral Chypre isn't a genre. It's a 'tude. With that being noted, I have to admit I don't carry much of the chypre 'tude, but I certainly get it and like it.

Mitsouko is the wonderfully weird abstract scent that is a godmother of hard to categorize perfumes. It definitely smells like all the noted ingredients were baked and dried for an oddly flat, yet soft affect. I remember my first sniff 5 years back was a slam of peach and cinnamon with dirty herbs. Today I get more of a soft melting of the two worlds. The marriage of the peachy floral warmth to the dry green woodiness is clever and cozy, but still a wee bitter for my tastes. 

The unmistakable oakmoss and woodsy finish is pleasant and sophisticated like a rich grandmother who buys tailored tweed blazers. She seems like she would be harsh, but she would actually like to take you out for ice cream and shopping. 

It has so far settled into the sample paper for 21 hours and has left unmistakable traces front and center. That is staying power people. Mitsouko isn't my favorite Guerlain, but I prefer it to L'Heure Blue which is pretty, but too dry and filmy for me to wear.

I notice that different batches sometimes look....different. Some juices look peachy amber, others pale acid yellow. 
neutral When I was tried this, it was overwhelmingly sweet, but the longer it stays on your skin the better it gets. It fades to a lovely powdery sweet smell with hints of spice then a subtle peach and a final lingering woody smell. It's not 'the one' for me, but if you can get over its first overpowering sweetness it's like wearing a sweet summer's day with the promise of exotic travels. 
positive What to say about Mitsouko? Her reputation proceeds her. Even the name is mysterious. I blind bought this after reading many many intriguing reviews and anecdotes...I knew my collection wouldn't be complete without it. But, I was relieved and surprised to find that I also am able to wear Mitsouko. The overall feeling is classic, if old-fashioned, and well rounded , with a spicy cinnamon note in the base, middle notes including a familair jasmine/rose accord, as well as that well-blended peach note. I can't help but continue to to analyze this fragrance when I wear it. I love this fragrance for taking me on a trip back from 1919 up until today. If you have any interest in chypres, you must sample this one. But forewarned is forearmed, this bears little resemblance to most modern fragrances so if you get freaked out by the idea of "an old lady scent" do not blind-buy. Sample and enjoy!
positive Mitsouko has become my perfume in a way that no other perfume has before.   I adore it.   This is the one which fetches the most compliments too.   It works as an everyday perfume for me in the climate of The Netherlands.

I use the EDP.  Mitsouko is the only perfume in my collection that I desire to have in the perfume formulation and I can hardly wait to find a bottle.

I can only imagine what a masterpiece the original formulation must have been.   


positive Ah, Mitsouko, nothing really compares with it.  My mother was a Guerlain devotee.  Her favorite scents were Vol de Nuit and L'Heure Bleue.  I love them too.  But these were my mother's perfumes. I wanted my own signature scent.  When I took my first sniff of Mitsouko, it was true love.  Yes, it may be a tad old fashioned compared to more modern fresh and transparent scents - but that is probably one of my favorite things about Mitsouko.  It has a depth that feels mysterious( and actually "mitsouko" means mystery in japanese). Mitsouko is a truly beautiful classic fragrance and if you haven't tried it please do. It's a must for every perfumista!
positive Vintage Eau de Cologne

Mitsouko opens with a blast of peach, bergamot, rose, and spices with a weird lettuce-esque smell underneath it all.  Once it settles down after a few seconds, a fuzzy peach, some peppery spicy notes, and a faint hint of indolic jasmine over a woody oakmoss base are what I smell.  After about half an hour, the peach fades away gradually and the spices, woods, indolic notes, and oakmoss remain, slowly but surely.  It has a very full, "plush" feel to it.  This stage lasts for hours, a surprise for an Eau de Cologne.  It is also at this point that I am somewhat reminded of Patou Pour Homme (also in the opening with the peppery notes), but quite faintly.

Mitsouko is a fragrant masterpiece, and now in my top 5.  It truly is beyond gender, and just smells freakin' delish.  It's not the kind of fragrance you would have to adapt to - it will adapt to you, and you can make it YOUR fragrance.  Beyond gender, beyond season, beyond age, beyond time, and beyond great.
positive The first time I tried this, I didn't like it, thought it too old smelling and quite harsh on the nose. I tried it again a few weeks ago and have completely changed my mind. In a time when little girly pink bottles and scents seem to dominate, this is refreshingly enduring and not nauseatingly pink and flowery. I wore it to a cousin's wedding last weekend and was impressed at it's ability to take a subltle backstage to my outfit while remaining original and totally in a league of its own with regard to its almost mystical scent. Mitsouko to me smells timeless, speaks of seductive nights in a time and city long ago with strangers, of black lace, darkly painted fingernails and illicit liasons. Haunting and enduring, mmm...
positive (Review Edp 2010)


I was prepared to smell something unique, or feel something that I've never felt before, because everybody talks about Mitsouko and It's Magic.

When I first opened the bottle and took a sniff, I had a rare experience when this reminds me in a big way of Rochas 'Femme'. I know Mitsouko and Femme are in the same group of Chipre Fruity Fragrance, but i feel a little disappointed, because I didn't expect both scents were so closely related.

But there's a difference, because Femme smell more like Woody and leathery, and Mitsouko is much less aggressive, and there is certainly a strong presence of jazmin and Rose notes, accompanied by spices. So I feel Mitsouko is more easy to wear than Femme.

When this fragrance slowly start to fade (after 8 hours), i smelt another surprise, my nose Began to detect some similarities between Mitsouko and Miss Dior (vintage)(another Chypre Legend). So I came to the conclusion that Mitsouko should be considered as one of the most imitated perfume of its generation.


Anyway this fragrance is Still the Best Chypre in the world. It has great sillage, strength, and longevity
positive Mitsouko is one of those rare icons of fragrance that has stood the test of time and represents the art of fragrance at its best. I have never been as moved by a fragrance as by Mitsouko, which is, and ever shall be my signature fragrance. Equally wearable by men and women, it was the favorite fragrance of Ingrid Bergman and Charlie Chaplin as well as many others. I leave the description of the fragrance notes to those who done such a fine job here on Basenotes and highly recommend that you experience this marvelous fragrance. Two thumbs up for one of the greatest fragrances ever conceived by man. 
positive Some perfumes make me smile, but I happily move on to something else the next day on my quest for another masterpiece. Then there are those that become an important part of my life. I have a lasting relationship with Mitsouko, still I'm not really sure what it smells like. Sometimes it's a delicate veil of almond and pepper, sometimes it's a dark wood of a mysterious temple, and sometimes it's what I think molten gold should smell like. 

For me Mitsouko has so many faces, and I know I haven't discovered all of them yet. As soon as I think I have it pinned down, something catches me off guard and I discover a new perfume. Mitsouko got me interested in women's perfumery. One day while absentmindedly browsing a Guerlain counter I happened to pick up a bottle, and the exquisitely delicate balance of contrasting notes did something to me. I've been hunting for another Misouko ever since, and while I have since found quite a few perfumes that I couldn't live without, Mitsouko has a unique place in the perfume firmament.

positive I first became intrigued by this scent while reading The Collector by John Fowles (psychologically fascinating read, by the way). Inspiring more than one real-life psychopath, the book is about a disturbed young man who abducts a beautiful art student and holds her captive in the cellar of his remote estate. The captive-protagonist is vibrant, idealistic, compassionate, philosophical, dignified, and forcefully determined to live. She embodies a thrilling fullness of youth and passion and joie de vivre. She is the perfect foil to her emotionally dead, clinical, and hollow captor who lacks the ability to appreciate any of her remarkable qualities beyond just her physical beauty.  In one pivotal scene, she has steeled herself to seduce her captor, her desperate will to live finally usurping her principles. She is certain she can melt his cold, detached soullessness by giving of herself; by showing him human tenderness and vulnerability she believes might inspire him to show mercy.  Intent on her aim, she emerges resolute from a long, near-ceremonial bath wafting “oceans of Mitsouko.”

I found this scene haunting, weighty, chilling.  From this time I have associated Mitsouko with solemn resolve, beauty with the strength and fragility of spider’s silk, uncertainty as deep and vast as the ocean. A fragrance associated with human spirit that has been pushed beyond its limits and has emerged from the other side stronger, more powerful, and with the realization of possessing a kind of freedom that cannot be taken by another. That simple description “oceans of Mitsouko” has stuck in my mind; I longed to experience it, and yet, for some reason this curiosity was shelved and forgotten. Now many years later I have finally tried Mitsouko for myself and it brings all these impressions and associations flooding back to me upon first sniff. Incredibly, this smells exactly as I would imagine it on the beautiful young captive in her damp, earthen cellar on a dark, isolated night, prepared to take on and defeat the worst of human nature with the best of human nature – compassion and forgiveness.  Lovely, melancholy, beguiling, intoxicating, austere and yet warm, a touch sad, but also wise and knowing. Poignant. I do not think it was happenstance that Fowles chose to incorporate this fragrance as a sensuous detail into his eerie tale.

I have a teeny-tiny decant of vintage extrait; I suspect it has degraded a bit with time because on my skin the top-notes seem nonexistent. It cuts straight to a heart of overripe peach nestled in a mossy heart with just a hint of spice, mainly clove. I find this stays very close to my skin and almost melds seamlessly into my own chemistry. The voluptuous softness of the peach perfectly rounds out the sharper edges of the moss. I find it addictive, achingly beautiful, and unlike anything else I have experienced. Beside Mitsouko, all of my other favorite chypres (especially those by Bernard Chant) seem like they’re . . . missing . . . something. That round, soft sweetness reigning in the deeply hypnotic and expansive mossiness is utterly unique to Mitsouko (as far as I have yet to come across, anyway).  Since sampling this, I simply don’t feel like wearing any of my other fragrances. I’m sure this will change with time, but right now I am under Mitsouko’s spell. I am awaiting a mail-order of the modern EDP and can only hope it will not disappoint me. I am hoarding this small decant of vintage, indescribably saddened by the knowledge that I might not be able to replace it; that eventually, this scent will cease to exist.

I don’t understand the reviewers who claim they don’t “get” Mitsouko. I guess I don’t see what there is to “get” – it is beautiful. End stop. I don’t get bread, dough, pickles, rancid nuts or cooking oil from this. It isn’t a fickle scent on my skin – she has been consistently lovely. Maybe I will understand when I try the newer formulation.  Maybe I just got lucky with my chemistry.  I find it timeless, quite more so even than sister-scent Shalimar. I have a wardrobe of fragrances others might consider “old lady” and though I enjoy them and appreciate them, I can understand where the “old lady” critique might apply. I don’t feel this way about Mitsouko. I am suddenly all but intolerant of the “modern” fragrances in my collection – they don’t speak to me the way Mitsouko does. They never have. I am also a little saddened to think this may be my one and only olfactory experience of this magnitude, no other fragrance has yet passed my radar that has carried with it such anticipation, such expectations, and so much weighty context. I will enjoy the search, however!

positive An almost putrid jungle note of greenery in the parfum/extrait can be a little overpowering at the open, but this mellows down to a most unusual peach note that goes on for quite long.Woodsy, damp notes prevail in the drydown that serve to unify the wearer (me) and Mitsy in a bond of love.Awesome! And my 2nd favourite scent of 2010.
positive An epic tale in minimalistic detail with clean sinuous lines reminiscent of Artnouveau made from an Occidental point of view of an Shinto temples of the island of Japan and an austere elegance.the note of Oakmoss predominates much of this scent drying in the sun with a gentil breeze dries to a suble orange note and with sweet peach that is not cloy to your senses. next Delicate white roses blooms in a simplistic Garden pathway where a Geishawith her modest aura plucks an rose andsmells it gentily when the night falls the scent of night jasmine roams the nocturnal sky and the nuances of Gingerspices and cinnamon make this complete.every fragrance tells a story or conjoures feelings or imagesFor me Mitsouko conjoures feeling of wistfulness and melancholia like star-crossed lovers from two different worldsala Sayonara with Marlon Brando a romance between an american air force Major and an Japanese entertainer forbidden by both sides with tragic results Madame Butterfly with an american admiral and his Japanese Paramour or an small shrine silhouettedin the center of an island on the Rising sun dedicated to Amaterasu Goddess of the sun and the smoke of sandalwood incense dances to the heavens.Mitsouko can be spiritual wistful calmsimple distant aristocratic distant andMelancholy.
positive I actually CAN wear this every day.And my tastes generally go from cheap to VERY cheap.It is indeed symphonicmoodyrefined but not snobbishI will buy the extraitand it is definitely edging out tabuand avon "tomorrow"It doesn't just have the go-to*plushness*of a luxury fragranceshe has a story to tellshe is a woman who canand hasbeen worn by a manand will againnot in the wink winksensemore likesighsighrambledrink ginsighwrite *good* poemsglimmerat whoeveragainthis lady lives to tell
positive I know what LT meant when he said that by naming Mitsouko as the one he would take with him if he had to flee to Mars for tax reasons he was rrunning the risk of being thought a bit obvious. After all it's so well known as one of the Greats, a classic that is still there in the top 10 ever despite the arrival (and departure) of several thousand perfumes that would have liked to claim its crown. Therefore when anyone like me, who is never going to be described as particularly knowledgeable about scents, says that it is a staple that she could not live without, she runs the immediate risk of being suspected of an inability to think for herself.There's no law that says that the whole world should love a perfume, even if it's regarded by many as a masterpiece but sometimes the majority are right. When this happens you're not necessarily just following the herd OK, maybe some are, but I have been fighting the bewitchment of Mitsouko for years and have had to admit that it's got to me - it is a great fragrance and I love it.
positive Fantastic. When the purse allows it, this will be my first 'female' fragrance. Also, for me this is a rare scent that pulls off that powdered touch fragrances of the era seem to have in common.
positive For years, this fragrance was my all-time favorite, and I endlessly compared formulations and concentrations, and fretted about not being able to find vintage stock anymore. And you know? Recently I've found it to be a bit odd, austere, and melancholy, as if I'm smelling a dark undercurrent and some nuances that I couldn't perceive before. Or that didn't bother me before. I'd never question Mitsouko's greatness and singular beauty, I only find that I've reached an age where I don't want as much drama and history in my scent. When I was young, all I wanted was drama and history, yet life has offered me enough of all that on its own now, and I find that I'm drawn to the more straightforward, joyful sweetness of L'Instant! Call it a de-evolution, and a travesty to prefer a newer Guerlain, yet there it is - I choose sweetness and light.
positive When I first tried this, in EDT from a smelling strip, I was intrigued in part and disappointed in part; I wanted to like it but like gin at five (only the smell!) and Guinness at twenty one it was a struggle...And then something clicked as it much earlier did with gin and then Guinness.And when I smell it now, in EDP, I am every time astonished by its remarkable radiance; it shares a certain undefinable lustrous glow with high carat gold that is truly beautiful and truly irresistable.Putting a man on the moon? Pah! Gold, Guinness, gin and Mitsouko are the truly great human achievements.
positive It has all been said before (talking about the original version), one of the greatest fragrances ever made.   Shalimar, L'Heure Bleu and Mitsouko are, in my opinion, the three greatest fragrances ever made ( again, not what is being sold at the moment) .   Mitsouko, is subtle and divine; a perfectly blended Chypre 
positive Millions of peaches, peaches for me...I'm normally not fond of peach but I want to eat this fragrance. Mitsouko is ripe, sliced peaches atop a plate of lush, dank greenery. This might be the current, dictionary-picture definition of 'chypre.' Gender be damned, this smells good on me!
positive Luca and Tania I now know what you mean!  Mitsouko definitely smells so divine!  If Hermes could market their Un Jardin collections as Unisex, this one could easily pass for both sexes.  You will definitely enjoy every note (top, heart, base) of this elegance in a bottle.  I bought this one without testing it, only from the great testaments that I have read.  Needless to explain why this perfume still exist up to now after almost a century from its creation, you have to try for yourseld and you will know why.  Forget about the "old lady" feeling of this creation.  People who say this are those who only know the "common" perfumes marketed for the masses.   If it smells good on you, wear it!  If people don't like it and you like it, wear it!  It's about time to teach new generation the real art of perfumery.  
positive How does one possibly review what is clearly among the greatest works of perfumery every created?  You don't.  I need not heap praise on the chypre that defined the genre more then Chypre de Coty ever did.Instead, let me briefly plug the vintage Eau de Cologne formula of Mitsouko.  These EdCs are often overlooked.  Instead of just being watered down versions of the EdT, these EdC formulas are unique compositions.  The compositions themselves are lighter and less dense, but that doesn't mean the sillage and longevity are any lighter or reduced.  I recently acquired Mitsy in EdC and it may be my favorite formula.  Unlike other formulas the bergamot component of the chypre formula is very distinct and mixed well with the peachy top/mid notes, making a bright and sunny citrus/fruity opening.  The bright citrus/fruit opening moves over the next half hour to the classic mossy/woody base.  As it moves to the base quickly, one can experience the 'chypre base' for a long time, a real treat for us chypre fans who are used to just getting a hint of oakmoss as our perfumes fade off the skin.I would never tell anyone to turn down a bottle of vintage Mitsy parfum - never.  But if you get a chance to pick up a Mitsy in EdC, definitely treat yourself.Thumbs UP.
positive This is the most beautiful of all of the Guerlain scents for women.  Exquisite!  Whenever my wife wears this (usually for special occasions) I am actually intoxicated from it.  To me it is a real turn on but the wearer needs to be a very sophisticated, fashionable, and classy woman in order to wear Mitsouko correctly and get the full benefits of this timeless fragrance. 
positive More and more I appreciate the perfume house of Guerlain… after its Vetiver I started to experiment with Mitsouko. What’s there to experiment you will ask me! Well as written above, it is not an easy one to pull off. This is a powerhouse of a fragrance that lingers and lingers for hours… to the point that you can’t, simply can’t, forget you have it on! It is strong and all the other wonderful things written about it by other basenoters, but still this is quite remarkable of a fragrance to wear nowadays. I feel strange to wear it. I am almost always conscious how others may or may not perceive it on me. I am not the kind of person who cares too much of what others think of me (although we certainly don’t live in a vacuum); however, Mitsouko makes me so much aware of its presence around me that I keep on wondering what would I think of someone smelling like this! And it is me who I try to figure out! I am sorry if I sound too psychoanalytic but I put on Mitsouko this afternoon at 12.30 and at 20:00 I can still feel it quite clearly. Yes this is a historic fragrance, yes it smells olfactory to say the least, yes it is remarkable in its silage … but yes it needs maybe an updated version to be a bit more wearable in daytime at least, in our day and age. And for perfume’s sake keep the original going, but give us also a subtler version.  I haven’t tried the Lotus version and I am really curious about it. Maybe it is the answer. Indeed Mitsouko is extraordinary, powdery and warm; however, on my skin and for my taste it is too sweet.
positive MITSOUKO is an enigma to me. Though it smells green and mossy for the most part, I can't deny the existence of sweetness and spice, with a depth and complexity that are beyond compare. I believe it is this inherent maze of subtleties that bestows Mitsouko with a mythical chameleon-like ability to transform its character and compliment any skin partner. On a man, Mitsouko smells confidently masculine and cerebral; on a woman, it weaves a little web of intrigue, portraying itself as a mysterious, seductive beauty. Few are immune to its legendary charms.The EDT version I have dates from 1973 so I doubt if it's a reformulation, yet it feels light and translucent for a chypre. But when you consider Mitsouko began life as an extrait, you'd be a little more forgiving. On a more positive note, I find this translucence allows for greater variation in wearing styles with a more liberal application bringing Mitsouko's enchantment to its magical best.  *** This review is of the EDT ***   
positive My first reaction to Mitsouko was "weird", but definitely a GOOD weird. I wanted to get to know it better and bought a bottle of the edt. If you like resinous, chypre scents (or even if you don't) you have to give this one a try at least a couple of times. I was worried that it would be too spicy but luckily I can detect just a little in the background mix. Don't expect a modern day fruity peach note though, this is more of a smooth, "fuzzy" peach which sweetens the resins perfectly. I did not find it remotely musty or old lady-ish - thank goodness! - which I got from L'HB. To me it is timeless and quite addictive. Mitsouko edp is currenly my default perfume - the one I turn to when I don't know what to wear - and it never dissappoints. If you find the edp overwhelming but interesting at first sniff, start with the edt and take your time. It will be well worth it. 

negative Bought this for the wife based on all the reviews and so thought it was going to be something amazing. But I couldn't wrong enough,Mitsouko smelt awful!! It smelt like an elderly women's wardrobe. Very strong and very flowery....its so strong it would knock out any bee in your area!!

negative I sampled this in a store and it was just unpleasant.  It had a peanut butter vibe under the peach notes which made me glad that it was sprayed on a card and not on my wrist.

neutral Mitsouko is a monumental piece of art for sure and my neutral rating basically depends on its lack of versatility and by the faint appeal it uses to arouse around. Many find it prehistoric and pot pourri. I think this is the kind of fragrance to wear just for a gala night in a gothic castle and certainly not in the course of an "after hour" party or in a lounge bar while drinking an exotic cocktail. Mitsouko is a very spicy, woody-mossy and rooty scent with a deeply hesperidic opening and a discreet fruity and floral presence. Spiciness is exotic and mainly cinnamonic with more than faint conjurations about the Cinnabar's viney piquancy. It is an extremely mystic floral chypre with hesperides in the top, earthy/rooty notes, resins (hints of incense and myrrh), a central floral soul, a dark-green mossy evolution in the bottom and with several fruity (peaches) and creamy (a touch of vanilla may be) nuances. The presence of an aristocratic rose in the top notes enhances the spiritual and ethereal temperament of the olfactory work of art. It is like a virtual insight in a tunnel full of mystery and darkness. It's like matching a sort of extrasensorial and decadent state of bliss and silence. Its impressive (earthy/rooty) spiciness conjures me more than vaguely also Clinique Aromatics Elixir which nevertheless is more wearable and this is emblematic of how much complex and hardly wearable Mitsouko is. Whoever dare to wear this creation is a very complex, conservative person with a bursting personality. This woman (o man as well) is baroquely dressed, is enigmatic, indipendent and mysterious. She runs away in the night as a ghost, she walks severely along the lobbies of the nobiliar palace and never comes back again.
neutral I got a small bottle of Mitsouko EDT iin a Guerlain miniature collection that I bought about 2000.   When I was in Tokyo I also sampled Mitsouko in a high end department store. I really liked Mitsouko and could not wait to buy a vintage bottle before the re-formulation.  I found vintage pure perfume, bought it, and today wore it.  This review is for the vintage bottle that I bought and wore today.

It is not offensive but it smells like soap to me.  A very ordinary scent.  The scent also makes me feel really old.   It is quite different from the EDT in the miniature collection and different from what I remember smelling in Tokyo. Maybe it has just not aged well or wasn't stored properly.  Or maybe I just don't care for Mitsouko after all.  This cost me a small fortune and I have no idea what to do with it as I will never wear it again and the bottle is almost full.

Tomorrow or the next day I will wear the newer EDT and do another review. 2/17/2011

Well, today I wore the newer Mitsouko EDT.  It still has an overtone of soap but it has a fresher, younger smell then the pure perfume I wore yesterday.   It also has a peachy overtone.  I have to say that I may wear it once every year or so and don't regret it having it since it was bought of a miniature collection.  However, I will never invest anymore time or money in Mitsouko.  It's just not sophisticated enough for me.  Not offensive but not great either.  Just -- Neutral.
neutral This is a really heavy spicy one.  I am having a hard time smelling the peach. I dont dislike it. it reminds me of Shalimar, which I do like.  Its just... really heavy and old fashioned. Its like the perfume equivalent of a vintage Rolls - classy, ridiculously well made, but very few people are actually going to drive one around these days. I feel expensive and like I've aged 10 years.
neutral I've been living with Mitsouko for a while, and finally decided that it just doesn't hold up as a contemporary fragrance. Mitsouko is as melancholy and nostalgic as a packet of love letters tied up with ribbon and hidden in an old steamer trunk. But unlike Chanel No. 5 and Shalimar -- literally worn by everyone and their mother (and grandmother!) -- it no longer smells "of the moment" to me. Hate to say it, but there's a distinctly maiden-aunt air to this, and I could never bring myself to wear it in public, much as I appreciate its art, its mystery, and its history.
positive Tried sample of Eau de Toilette in small set; nice longevity and hints of wonderful scents and notes that don't QUITE reach fruition.  Definitely going to try as EDP.
positive Until today I have never owned Shalimar, the pillar perfume. I've tried it, hundreds of times, always the EDP and decided it wasn't for me. I own Parfum Initial, L'Eau, Eau de Shalimar, Batwing Shalimar Cologne and the 2015 version Cologne. My favourite is Cologne 2015 and I ordered what I thought might be a replacement bottle that was headed EDT/Cologne. Yes, I thought, that's it, Shalimar Cologne 2015 at EDT strength. It was the EDT that arrived. I had factored that in as an eventuality and I sprayed it on, layered with a bit of the Batwing bottle Eau de Cologne (made for the U.S. market in the U.S.A) and it's very nice, I will use it, but I love the Cologne 2015 as it is closest to Shalimar Eau Legere (DISC) Are we all sufficiently confused now? I haven't even mentioned the Madagascar or the Mexique. There is no escape from Shalimar.
positive Shalimar is the crown jewel in the Guerlain catalog, the scent that came to define the house and it's use of the "Guerlinade" compound note which found its way into almost all of perfumer Jacques Guerlain's compositions, plus a great many of Jean-Paul Guerlain's as well. Shalimar was named after a garden in Lahore made for Mumtaz Mahal, the same woman for whom the Taj Mahal was also built. The creation of Shalimar was near-accidental too, as perfumer Jacques Guerlain discovered its primary accord by pouring a bottle of ethylvanillin into a bottle of Jicky (1889), the seminal fougère that was originally composed by his uncle Aimé Guerlain, building a fragrance upon another fragrance as Jacques Guerlain was known to do. Therefore like Jicky, Shalimar is technically a fougère as well, since it is built up from that fragrance's structure, but it contains a great many more oriental elements to it, and is thus often associated with the oriental category. If Jicky was the unintentional gender bender progenitor that was loved by a great many men alongside women, and Mouchoir de Monsieur (1904) the masculine-targeted shade thereof, then Shalimar is the rounder and more-luxurious advancement of that primary accord pitched to women during the roaring 20's. The scent was originally released in 1921 alongside Chanel No. 5 (1921), and proved to be the strongest competition that iconic perfume had, but went under a numerical designation just as the Chanel did until 1925, because the name "Shalimar" was being contested by another perfumer who claimed to have already used it. When known as "No. 90", the perfume made waves, but it wasn't until it's widespread 1925 release as Shalimar that the legend was born. The overall smell of Shalimar isn't much removed from Jicky, and indeed many of the great oriental and fougère-like compositions made under the hands of Jacques Guerlain share similar traits, not only because of his "fragrance upon another fragrance" crafting or the "Guerlinade" house accord he perfected, but also because it's the style he seemingly preferred. L'Heure Blue (1912), Mitsouko (1919), and Shalimar all have multiple levels of this intertextuality with each other and previous Guerlain efforts from which Jacques drew his inspiration; that was just part of of his unique creative process.

What makes Shalimar stand out from all it's siblings is its plushness, its fullness, the radiance of its notes, which can be a bit much to take for some people. The scent opens with lavender, bergamot, and mandarin, but switches out Jicky's rosewood for aldehydes and herbal rosemary, which makes for the resplendence of Shalimar's opening. This change doesn't make as much difference to the overall character of the perfume as the addition of an actual heart structure to Shalimar, which Jicky sorely lacked. That scent moves from its barbershop opening into a hellish moat of animalic and heady base notes, with only a floral heart inferred by the flip-flop transition between top to bottom. Jacques Guerlain likely wasn't happy with the "presto-chango" suddenness of uncle Aimé's composition, because instead, we go down to the base notes in stages with Shalimar, more like a traditional perfume. Jasmine, rose, patchouli, and vetiver stand vividly in the heart of Shalimar more than they did in the trap door dry down of Jicky, and are joined by a poofy iris note which also replaces the orris of Jicky and helps Shalimar feel a bit more feminine, which was the aim anyway. The tell-tale vanilla note anchoring the accidental discovery that is this perfume's primary accord shows up halfway, bringing in the rest of the Jicky base with new additions of opoponax and peru basalm. Shalimar tries to be a little more polite with its use of animalics, taking musk in place of styrax, and toning down the civet and ambergris just a touch so the other heart notes of tonka, leather, sandalwood, and oakmoss can be felt. I don't get the cinnamon spice or incense notes of Jicky in Shalimar either, and the blending is much smoother, making any note separation a real reach (translation, lots of sniffing to find), which is another master stroke of Jacques himself. Taken on its own merit without comparing it to compositions with which it shares most of its notes, Shalimar is an unusual vanillic oriental fougère-like fragrance that sat right with women in the early 20th century, particularly flappers that liked it's dynamism made possible by rich semi-indolic underpinnings, lady-like aldehydic florals, and oriental smoothness. Wear time varies greatly on concentration, as Shalimar was made in many forms, but a median figure across all iterations is a solid 8 hours of moderate sillage. Something this illustrious isn't a casual wear, regardless of context, so make sure you don't glow like a diesel hot plug by your choice of Shalimar on a casual game night. 

All told, Shalimar is still mostly retained by women as the matriarch of grand perfumes, with only the aforementioned Chanel No. 5 to really contest this claim, but guys can totally wear Shalimar too, as the primary accord is rather unisex, but with a slightly heavier dose of "Guerlinade" than usual pushing the smell to be uncomfortably makeup-like if you're a jock type. Still, dandies in France famously have worn Shalimar for years, and if Jicky didn't scare you, I doubt this will either. The reason for the stigma against men wearing Shalimar, like most things in the fragrance world, comes down to marketing. Guerlain had mostly given up on pitching Jicky to women even after making Mouchoir de Monsieur as a manlier substitute, but they stuck to their guns with Shalimar, keeping it in the company of Mitsouko and L'Heure Bleu as sort of the "big 3" feminines from the house, creating something of a marketing barrier. Then Jean-Paul Guerlain went off and made the chypre Habit Rouge (1965) with grandfather Jacques' "Guerlinade" in the mix, perhaps moving male interest further away from Shalimar in the process, but that hasn't stopped perfume hobbyists or open-minded guys with a bit of gender fluidity from enjoying it. Bottom line here is if you like old floral barbershop smells, vanillic orientals, and anything with a clean, plush, soapy smell up top, but a substantially musky animalic backbone, you'd enjoy Shalimar regardless of what is between your legs. Since this perfume has inspired so many others high and low, you've likely already bought something descended from it anyway and didn't know. Parfum extrait and eau de parfum are going to be the heaviest take with the most complex dry downs. More vanilla, oakmoss, sandalwood, and musk is present to my nose in the extrait, and the top fades fastest. I find folks enjoying the animalic qualities of Shalimar best suited to the eau de toilette, which seems to let the floral heart and civet in the base breath more freely, at the cost of some development. The folks who want the fougère elements to ring truest are better off with the eau de cologne, since it showcases the lavender and bergamot strongest, then crisply segues through the floral heart and lays upon a drier version of the base that sees the vanilla, civet, and leather turned down in favor of the tonka, oakmoss, and ambergris. Regardless of which version you get, they're all thumbs up from me. Shalimar is a pièce de résistance solidifying Guerlain as one of the greatest perfume houses of all time, and you know I rarely speak in such lofty terms.
positive I think of Shalimar as the more elegant and refined version of Jicky.

It is a signature worthy fragrance that can easily be worn by men. Get it while it’s still readily available. 

Only caveat, it takes time to understand and appreciate Shalimar, vintage Shalimar makes this process easier.
positive Shalimar is one of the most famous perfumes of French house Guerlain and one of my all time favorites. If you want to be clinical about it, the perfume was created in 1925 by Jacques Guerlain, in time when the “scent of Orient” began spreading through Western Europe. It touched everything, from fashion, art, music…to perfumes. Jacques Guerlain was experimenting with a brand new substance, synthetic vanilla (etylvanilin) and mixed it with different perfume basis. He was happy with the results but when he mixed vanilla and Jicky…magic happened. The spirit of Shalimar was freed from the bottle.

Perfume and its name haven’t stopped intriguing our senses and imagination; its effect breaks social taboos. Respectable ladies of the time shouldn’t consummate cigarettes, dance tango… and wear Shalimar. They of course did all that in secrecy. There isn’t a force strong enough to stop the passion and erotic yearning for life embodied in Shalimar, whose name in Sanskrit means “temple of love.” Legendary garden where Emperor Shah Jahan and Mumtaz Mahal celebrated their love. After Mumtaz’s death, inconsolable emperor built Taj Mahal in honor of his favorite wife. Like Taj Mahal, Shalimar is a monument and part of perfume history. It is the first oriental perfume history knows. But that is not the most important thing…because the story of Shalimar has no beginning or end. It is a story of the essence of human desire, the sweet moments of bliss unknown to history but older than time.

It could have been created in ancient Egypt where its lush, intoxicating nature would spark forbidden love between Cleopatra and Marc Antony. Homeland of Shalimar could have been mysterious and magical Arabia because it told more than 1001 tales. I can easily imagine Madame Pompadour wearing it and knocking the entire Louis XV’s court of their feet with her beauty, charm and seductive silage. I can even see, with my inner vision, a beautiful creature inhabiting Earth thousands of years from now, smelling like Shalimar and through synthetic explosion in its highly developed brain soaking freely all the beauty of being on this planet and tasting its sensual fruits skillfully captured in a small bottle of perfume. As poet John Keats said: “A thing of beauty is a joy for ever, Its loveliness increases, it will never pass into nothingness.” If that is the case, isn’t it beautiful?
positive Think Mae West and Sophia Loren and Rita Hayworth all rolled into one. Pure and utterly rich plushness and rounded, generous bosoms and a warm, talcum-ed girdle. The grande dame of all perfume-land and one of the few scents that I love, but cannot wear. She is truly beautiful and utterly seductive...so much so that I feel as if I am wearing a satin negligee and pink feather boa whenever I put her on. She is more of a woman than I ever could be and almost too hot to handle, so I smell her from a distance and enjoy her all the more that way. 

The scent for which the term va-va-voom was invented.
positive One of the greatest scents in modern history.  I've always owned this and always shall.  My nose memory cannot tell the difference between vintage and modern.  Nor, does it care.  Not a scent for the timid.  Deep, rich, velvety, and assertive...
positive I’m so glad I have this beauty in my stable finally!  I’ve flirted with Shalimar for a long time, and really wanted to get it, and then by some major luck I was able to pick up a nice big bottle for an astonishingly good price, so I went for it.  But really, what more can I say about this that hasn’t been said before?  It’s a beautiful scent and I can understand why so many people love it.  The sillage and longevity of this is amazing – I could still smell this after eight hours, and it’s one of those scents that seems to bloom if you get a bit warm.  This is one of the few perfumes I have that has elicited an unprompted “oh, you smell nice!” from my husband.  Normally I have to shove my arm under his nose and ask him to smell it before I’ll get a comment.  Reading through the reviews, I’m amazed at how this perfume reacts with different people – some get leather, some get incense, some get spice, some get lemon.  Each time I wear this, it is different.  The first time I wore it, it was all soft powder with a touch of citrus.  The next time, I got a big burst of citrus at the start, with a hint of leather, before it mellowed into a beautiful, soft, creamy powdery vanilla.  The time after that, it was all powder and cream and vanilla, straight away.  Shalimar smells sexy and very, very classy but at the same time, there is also something very comforting and approachable about it.  It’s like you’re at a fancy party, and you see a stunningly beautiful, beautifully dressed, elegant woman – at first glance, she appears aloof, and you’re not sure if you should approach her.  So you stay away, and instead she approaches you and flings her arms around you and greets you like a long-lost friend, and she’s so warm and friendly and welcoming that you wonder why you stayed away.  I love it.  
positive Top notes attractive notes with the freshness of the citrus flavor (especially the notes of Bergamot). The colors from the floral notes give the overall scent of perfume a special, full of smooth continuous drainage with the presence of iris, jasmine and roses. Creamy soft vanilla seductive, combined with the scent of iris hard to resist, all around flavor and aroma of a food pharmaceutical warm tonka bean, all blended into a unified whole top from which no language can describe.

Queen of the oriental flavor, fragrance Shalimar is a feminine, attractive and timeless for perfume. Perfume scent sexy and smooth screen with sweet vanilla flavor warm embrace of incense and amber. Elegance and persistence, the seductive appeal of Shalimar contained.

Timeless oriental fragrance full of charm and mystery for the girls. Beautiful bottle design and meaningful. Exotic fluidity is also the strength of fragrance. 
positive This 1950s Shalimar Eau de Cologne is a nice, sweet vanilla and tonka perfume, stronger than my 1980s Habit Rouge Eau de Cologne, but bearing a strong resemblance.
positive Sharp bergamot and powder on the opening, a little soapy. Rose and jasmine full in your face, drying beautifully through amber and creamy sandalwood. Tonka, opopanax and leather underneath.
The first 20 minutes are gorgeous - I have my nose to my wrist every 60 seconds so as to not miss a turn in the development.
Although the opopanax powder is quite heady at first - I found it be an acquired taste, actually - it is soon balanced by the incense spice. Later, it settles down into that lovely soft, warm vanilla and tonka base, kept from becoming too sweet by a little leather to dry it.

Definitely a grown-up fragrance with the option of sharing - would love to smell it on a musky male, interesting with a touch deep in a beard, I think.
One of my top 5 favourite feminine fragrances and the first I ever bought blind...
positive What can I say about Shalimar?  I think it is a milestone of perfumery.  A classic.  I am a Guerlain addict and I love the big 3 (L'Heure Bleue, Mitsouko and Shalimar).  I always have an EDP working of those three.  I love Shalimar but was first not going to wear it because I associated it with both my mother and sister who wore it.  I thought it would be too much for me but it is wonderful.  This dark, sweet and smoky scent is wonderful on me and can definitely be worn by a man.  3 sprays will do it;  one on the chest and one in each crook of the elbow is enough.  Best to apply about an hour before leaving the house as the opening is quite strong and can be alarming with the high dose of bergamot.  
The beauty of Shalimar for me is the development of all the notes that come together in the final drydown.  
I think that the citrus blast of bergamot with a bit of cedar in the opening leads beautifully into the heart of jasmine, iris and a deep rose scent that is unbelievably rich.  The creme brulee vanilla drydown is stunningly displayed on skin for the remainder of the day and I love it at the end of the day when I take my T shirt off and can still smell the Guerlinade and perhaps a bit of civet to make it interesting and personal.  
The use of oppoponax and tonka bean are pure genius and make the base absolutely unforgettable.
Everyone must try this just to sample a bit of the brilliance of Guerlain.
This seems like a refined sweeter version of the civet heavy Jicky which is my number one favorite scent of all time.
positive A lemony, powder-sugared confection.  That is how the gourmand quality hits me.  Like those little lemon cookies at Easter time covered in powdered sugar.  So yeah, this is very powdery.  My mom always wore the very powdery Chantilly and this is also very powdery in a similar way.  If you associate powdery perfumes with mothers and grandmas, then this will be one of those.  

The dry down is where Shalimar really wins me over.  It settles into a warmer, more vanilla scent (yet still powdery).  I can't get enough of it then. At this point, it doesn't project as much, making it more of a personal indulgence of nostalgia.  Not one you're going to wear out to blast the party and club scene with.
positive My family is mostly show people and jazz musicians, and when I was little there were often colorful characters hanging around, HOW colorful I didn't find out until later.

One of them was an older English lady named Mae, who had a white poodle. Apparently she was the madam in a high-end brothel. Sometimes we'd go to Mae's apartment, which had the most extraordinary smell of years and years of Shalimar permeating every surface + unwashed dog. That was my first Guerlain experience. (The second was a Pekingese that smelled of Mitsouko. True - not trying to be funny.)

So it took a very long time before I could really consider Shalimar on its own merits, and even then, its skanky facet was off-putting to me, because I kept smelling unwashed dog! In retrospect, Mae's poodle may not have been that dirty, and it might have just been her vintage Shalimar. I really never thought I'd become a Shalimar person, even though I have lots of history with the other vintage Guerlain greats.

The Ode a la Vanille (Mexique) ended up being my gateway drug, because the vanilla in that version is so smoky and dense and wonderful that I could stick with it, and now I've learned to love even the skank of Shalimar proper. 

I do continue to prefer that limited edition, yet I've come to own and love the EDC, as well, because that version also features a very smoky vanilla, and ends up wearing as mostly that. Plus it's often available inexpensively in the drugstore! Coming around to Shalimar has actually had a fantastic effect on my perfume spending habits, for while I  still find new things that I like, when I ask myself, "but would you be likely to NOT wear Shalimar to wear this instead?" it's just a no.


positive Salutation.

I absolutely love this fragrance and definitely it is in my top 10 of all great fragrances for ladies.It is a classically timeless rich floral fragrance.A sensual and provocative fragrance that oozes femininity. Masterpiece,Seductive,Warm,Magnetic, Artistic,Rich and Feminine

The opening is classic floral with a citrusy note,which harmonizes with the note of Rose,Jasmine and Patchouli.A base of Incense, Vanilla,Sandalwood and Leather brings an air of Sensuality as it is warm and full of depth. The dry down is wonderful.

You wear it when you are going somewhere very SPECIAL and you want to make a Great impression.This fragrance might be best for AUTUMN/WINTER seasons.excellent for perfect lady. Anyway in my mind it is an intoxicating bosom smell,it is just phenomenal and a definite must have.

Sillage?Fantastic. 

Longevity?Great on my skin. 

THANK YOU GUERLAIN 

8.5/10
positive This is an intriguing opening indeed, a surprisingly dark bergamot with rose and - on my skin - an early opopanax burst - denoting shadowy freshness with incense. The floral drydown with iris, jasmine and a whiff of a gently smoky leather.  
In the second half the very guerlainesque vanilla grown stronger, full but elegant and never overbearing. 

This is fairly unique composition, beautifully balanced, well blended and firmly structured.  Classic, especially older version,whose drydown have a gentle powderiness added and are richer and darker.  Yet the newer versions - they are no full reformulations to me - are less powdery and lighter, but still delightful. 

I get strong sillage, excellent projection and eight hours of longevity. 

A grand classic and well worth it, even the recent versions: 4.25/5.
positive I quite like this. However if I have to speak my mind free from the pressure of knowing that it is sort of a perfume legend and all, I would rate this as one of the old perfumes. It's nice but could be better, or, it smells somewhat dated to my nose and I wouldn't want to wear this too often. My aunt used to wear this, this alone, -who owned only this.-25 years ago also didn't help me too much shake the perception of Shalima being OLD. 

If I am over 55, I wouldn't want to use it since I am sure this scent will add more age. I think anybody who is still  young can try this one without feeling too self-conscious. She will stand out smelling gorgeous and above all, special. 
It is just my personal opinion, but I believe that scents can make the wearer seem aged/dated since the famous and old perfumes have popular smell of the era which everybody can associate with those period.It seems especially true those era are closely put together. Whenever I smell of Estee Lauder Beautiful, the wearer is almost always over 35. Really powdery one like Chanel No.5 or Soapy one like White linen is frequently worn by 50+ yo ladies. Anybody sticking to wearing Thierry Mugler's Angel can be seen 30+. The more broadly popular the scents were, the worse the effect, I reckon since mass of people recognize them. but, less known scents that were created a century ago, still can smell very fresh due to rarity.
positive I began wearing Shalimar after spending a lot of time around one of my friends who wore it every day.   I thought she was so feminine and classy, and that's the way it makes me feel.   I believe it is the vanilla and opoponax that got me addicted to it.  I'm so glad that my husband also LOVES this perfume.  To me, it is as classic as Chanel No. 5, which I'm actually not that fond of.  
positive I'm going to assume the notes on this site are quite incomplete because I don't see anise, black pepper, or cinnamon listed and all three have a presence in this fragrance.  The top is bergamot with pepper and anise, a bit too spicy for my taste but very well-blended leading straight into the heart of it which is slightly flowery, slightly powdery, slightly spicy and slightly creamy.  This middle lasts quite a while and there's a hint of incense, smokiness, and leather throughout but as with any well-blended Guerlain you'll only catch some of these facets some of the time throughout the day.  This is so well-done that I can't get enough of that scent despite the fact that I find it too spicy for me.  The incense gets a bit stronger as the middle drags slowly along but it never really dominates on me.  Coming to the end phase of the fragrance, many hours later, a touch of dryness or leatheriness remains but there's a lot of creaminess and a touch of spiciness acting as dominant notes.  It almost smells like warm milk with a bit of cinnamon and just a touch of vanilla.  I would eat something that smells like this.  The Guerlinade is most certainly there too.  Overall I love the smell of it and though a man could get away with wearing it in extreme moderation I don't think i'll be wearing it often just because of how uncomfortable I am smelling anise or pepper all day.  It's no wonder this great fragrance is a classic of perfumery!
positive Old formulation: My mother had a sample in the late 80s/early 90s, and I remember loving it, the opulent spicy fragrance which I associated to winter and warm coats.

New formulation: I recently tested it at a department store. It does smell quite differently, still with the same inspiration, but the new version is a worthy fragrance in its own way. If I could, I would own both formulations.

The new formulation started with a combination that reminded me of the older Shalimar, spicy, warm, almost oily (in a good way), only not as round. Maybe a bit more angular and less oily. 

As it dries, it becomes very different from the older one. The woods and sandal came to the front and in my opinion created a sour phase which previously did not exist. I quite appreciate this phase. Then amber and incense too, it becomes a little less sour and rounder, but still quite different from the older Shalimar, woodier, airier and not as oily. After a while the sour disappears and it is woods, amber, incense and a few spices in a rounded, warm, more "behaved" version of the older one.

Still a dense perfume, but different. As I said, I actually like both.
positive I own the EDC from Walmart.  When i first sprayed it on, i smell a plastic shower curtain smell.  This changed over time to a strong powdery orange creamcicle smell mixed with vanilla and maybe some sweaty keys out of someones sweaty pocket?!  
   Gotta try it again later.

K, tried it again and now.....I really like it...no plastic shower curtain or sweaty pocket scent at all.  Strange how ones nose picks up different things each time.  One thing i did differently this time was shake the bottle a little before applying....don't know if that mattered or not?  This time i pick up more citrusy smells....which i adore by the way, but is that bergamot in the mix making it smell kind of like an orangy lemon?  Oh, and vanilla, which i like, but i really, really would like to be able to pick out the leather note...which right now i am having allot of trouble doing...i would wear something with mainly just that note if i could just smell it.  So far, love it tho...powdery lemony orange vanilla...thats what i pick out. 
positive Genre: Oriental

I don’t have much to add to the discussion where this classic is concerned. All I care to do is draw attention to the brilliant treatment of opopanax. Much has been said regarding the unique quality of Guerlain’s vanilla, displayed most prominently in Shalimar and Jicky, but for me the enigmatic, spicy-sweet, resinous quality of opopanax is equally responsible for Shalimar’s allure. The interplay of vanilla and opopanax established in Shalimar’s base notes still resonates in compositions as recent as Diptyque’s Eau Lente and Nicolaï’s Maharadjah, but I have yet to experience an interpretation that trumps the original’s exquisite balance. I wonder if it’s even possible to fully comprehend the oriental fragrance genre without becoming familiar with Guerlain’s enduring paragon.


negative Good God, what have they done to this once beautiful perfume?  This concoction is an abomination of its former self.  I had an older bottle for years that I would always return to, received a new one for a present that is so different it is nearly unrecognisable.  The cloyingly sickly sweet smell of vanilla off the new formulation is downright offensive, I actually had to wash it off and I have never had to do that before with perfume.  What was once one of my favourite scents is now dead and buried.  Don't bother buying this, just get a couple of vanilla pods and rub them around your neck, job done. 
negative I ordered a bottle of this over the internet, and thought it must have been a knock-off because it smelled so terrible on me. I gave it away, but have since tried it again at a department store to make sure it wasn't just a bad bottle, and it wasn't. There is something in the opening that reacts badly with my skin. After about 30 minutes it calms down, but still doesn't smell great. I had a bottle of Shalimar back in the early 80s and did not have a problem, so I am thinking it is something they have added to the newer formulations. The newer version is truly terrible on me and I cannot pick out anything on the pyramid that normally reacts that way with my skin. My friend asked me please not to stand too close...
negative Shalimar EdP opens with a astringent citrus accord of bergamot and lemon and then moves into a lovely vanilla scent.

When the incense arrives and melds with the vanilla the scent does become quite alluring.

Though as it evolves you begin to smell leather and civet which also mix's in with the incense in a unpleasant way. At this stage it starts to smell acrid like mothballs or bug spray.

The scent is complex and has many facets of development with floral notes adding to the above notes. 

I like some elements of the fragrance like the vanilla and incense. But what kills my interest is the dated mothball/bugspray like accord coming from the civet and incense.
negative Shalimar is unequivocally the most cloyingly sweet, baroque perfume on the market today. Some old fragrances become classic standards that are timeless. Others survive by being "a name" in popular culture. The overwhelmingly sickening sweet synthetic vanilla and talcum powder of Shalimar that projects and punches EVERYBODY within 20 feet of the wearer (literally) is actually indecent and offensive. Goes beyond a statement. Beyond boldness. Beyond good taste. I can't think of another fragrance that is so overpowering that I'd have to tell someone I can't stand to be near them. Long after escaping the vicinity of a  Shalimar cloud, it's all you can smell. Your battered olfactory senses causing a headache and thoughts of "does this meal smell like Shalimar?" or "have they cleaned this restroom with Shalimar?" and so on. The domineering pervasiveness is actually rude then.

neutral I am really in two or even multiple minds on this one.  Had a test spray on a strip last summer, liked it enough to spray some on me. Lovely, and not like anything else in my wardrobe. I read all the blurb, info and reviews,  and added it to my birthday wish list.  Hmm. Be careful what you wish for. Like a summer romance that fades once back in the real world, I wonder if I'd mixed up the scents I tried that August afternoon in Brighton. Or maybe the air is different in the South West. 
This smells gorgeous on the dry down, but the couple of hours to get there? A heavy traffic journey in an overheated car with a fractious under- 4 screaming "are we there yet?" Way too intense.
I have to be really careful not to apply more than 2 sprays, or I get burning eyes, instant head ache and can barely breathe. Aldehydes? But my skin always absorbs fragrance very fast, so I have to apply at least 4 sprays to get it to last over two hours.  Ok; so a smart exit from the bathroom away from the fog of choking scent, and the first strikingly good and weird stuff starts happening within 10 minutes. A huge burst of cut lemons right next to a smoking wood fire, without any blending of the two. They are absolutely distinct in a way I've not experienced in any other scent. So good, yet so scary. This perfume is taking no prisoners. Something dirty-sexy bleeds through  about half an hour later, it's very animalic at this point, bordering on the unpleasant, and I hate it.  This feels far too strong to be on me at all, and definitely not out in public, but by then, I'm leaving the house, so too late to back out. 
However,....I can't stop sniffing my arms. After an hour the lemons and smoke and dirt have come together to make a truce, and an uneasy peace is agreed. Some days the ceasefire holds and I love wearing this,it's earthy, smoked-lemony and gorgeous. Some days though there are  nasty skirmishes and the smell remains over-strong, unblended, raw and industrial. 
Some fragrances can only be worn when I am in the right mood for them,(such as Cliquat de Lancome or Ivoire de Balmain), and that always works. The problem I have with Shalimar, is that I can't guess whether its going to be a day of war or peace- the scent reaction to  my skin seems to be completely out of my control. Mood doesn't affect her. Overall a bit of a loose cannon. When she was good, she was very, very good; and when she was bad, she was horrid.    
neutral I had the chance to test Shalimar EDP (current version), Shalimar parfum de toilette, Shalimar Souffle de Parfum and buy a 70s vintage version Shalimar, the first version of Ode à la Vanille, sur la Route de Madagascar and sur la Route du Mexique. 

The current Shalimar EDP was a bit disappointing. A lot of bergamot with some cardamom and then a powdery rose (almost itchy). Then it settles down finally but doesn't give a good sillage. What's funny is that it smells different if you smell it one cm away from another spot. 

Shalimar from the 70s is so much better. Both softer and spicier, with an amber, cashmere feel. You get the bergamot and the rose, but nothing is too strong. 

Parfum de toilette (mine is from 93) is even softer but powerful with more powdery vanilla. Less “itchy” bergamot and rose. 


Souffle de parfum shouldn't be compared. This is not Shalimar, don't expect Shalimar. There are some common notes, especially if you wear vintage Shalimar on the other wrist. But it's very good on its own! A wonderful floral with some spices and a gourmand dry-down. I'm happy I randomly got a sample of this and I hope I'll get a full bottle. Sillage could be better, though.

The original Ode à la Vanille opens in a very bitter way. It's balsamic. Then it goes towards a powdery bergamot. The acid vanilla comes later. It's a bit sweeter than the vintage Shalimar but quite similar in the dry down. It also has more fruit. 

Sur la Route de Madagascar shares a lot of notes as well, but it's more floral than fruity. It's more animalistic. Dirtier in a very sexy way. It has more vanilla than the others as well. 

Sur la Route du Mexique opens with more pepper. It's something between rhum and gin, with spices. It might have a more itchy, synthetic feel for me.

Note that the three bottles are exactly the same. You've got to keep the boxes to differentiate them. 

The opening of all those Shalimar, except for souffle de parfum, is the biggest difference. The more they dry, the most similar they get. 

neutral Beautifully put together, it opens with caramel and musk. Flowery notes come in after. This fragrance is /strong/. But it's a little bit of an acquired taste, and not for me. It's all at once too sweet for me, while also not leathery enough. 
neutral I'm told that what I'm smelling here is a recent EdP. 

Shalimar is usually instantly recognizable; a cavalcade of notes that somehow manage to synchronize perfectly. But versions of this scent tend to vary quite a bit, and in this particular one there’s a medicinal, metallic effect that cuts through the standard citrus to meet with a powdery vanilla, producing what I'd describe as redolent of effervescent candy. It reminds me a little bit of sherbet lemons—the same candied sweetness that walks a fine line between sour and sugary, only here the sour notes are rendered in a more industrial, disinfectant style.

What’s strange about this version, though, is that it doesn’t bear much of a connection to the Shalimar that I’m more familiar with—that civet-y, marzipan-style scent that’s top loaded with crisp citrus notes. This version is gaunt by comparison, and seems to veer more towards clinical sterility than confection. I don’t dislike it (I actually don’t like Shalimar very much, so this might even be a step-up for me), but I’m not entirely clear what its aiming for or how this version wandered so far away from the original fragrance.
positive Ah, the ur-Oriental. Sitting down to write a review of Shalimar kind of feels like looking up at the top of Mount Everest and wondering how the hell even to begin the ascent. It seems to cover (in one single bottle) a lot of the themes and notes people go looking for in separate perfumes - you want vanilla, it's the textbook example, you want smoke and incense, well you got that too, you want amber, it is the mother of all modern ambers, you want animalics and leather, ditto. If you also happen to be the type of person who is interested in freaky notes, like baby diaper, burning tires, tar, and slightly rancid butter, then, why yes, Shalimar also has you covered.

It's not an easy perfume to love right off the bat. Don't get me wrong, Shalimar is easy to love, but the actual falling in love bit is not immediate. It took me ten days of wearing it before I could even tolerate it, let alone love it, but I got there and in end, it clicked for me, and that was it. Pure love. The everlasting kind. Whenever I see someone saying, oh I just don't get Shalimar, or oh Shalimar hates my skin, you know what I am thinking? You're just not trying hard enough. Put your back into it. If you can't commit a week or ten days out of your life to understanding Shalimar, then not only are you cheating yourself out of experiencing one of the best perfumes ever made, you are also missing the opportunity to "get" most orientals that came after Shalimar. 

For, once you unlock Shalimar, you start to see that Serge Lutens' Ambre Sultan is just a snapshot of a portion of Shalimar (principally the amber and herbes de provence) blown up 150% and turned sideways. Etro's Shaal Nur is an abbreviated essay on the incense and opoponax in Shalimar. Mono di Orio's excellent Vanille is a modern take on the woodsy vanilla of Shalimar. You can spot echoes of Shalimar in Chypre Palatin (vanilla and animalics), Fate Woman (bergamot and powder) and Bulgari Black (vanilla, rubber, smoke). Whether perfumers are aware of it or not, most of today's grand orientals refer at least in part back to the ur-Mother Oriental herself.

Forgive my wittering on. For all of that, Shalimar smells absolutely wonderful, grand, lush, smoky, sexy, comforting, and warm. The opening, as I've mentioned, is jarring to the nth degree, especially if you're not used to it. I don't know whether it's the particularly stinky grade of Bergamot that Guerlain use, or the way it clashes with the vanilla, but the top notes smell curdled and rancid, like when you pour lemonade into cream. The vanilla itself smells tarry and burned, like rubber tires piled high and set on fire. Somehow, somewhere underneath all of that, there appears a slightly horrifying note of soiled diapers, or at least baby powder that has been caked into the creases of a baby's bottom. It smells sort of unclean, and is pungent enough to singe your nose hairs off. 

Here's the odd thing - after you get used to Shalimar, you start to actively crave the weird opening. When you begin to go "Mmmmmmm" rather than holding your breath, this is a sign that you've crossed the line. Welcome! It's like a Shibboleth for hard-core fans of Shalimar -  we're all over here at the other side of the line, and everyone else is pressing their noses to the glass, shaking their heads and saying, "I think you have Stockholm Syndrome" 

After the "horrific" first half hour (for which you may want to refrain from sniffing your wrists if you are smelling it for the first time), it is an easy ride from there on in. Sweet, smoky vanilla poured on top of a long, golden, powdery amber, with accents of leather, smoking resins, and animalic musks. It has this neat trick of smelling comforting/familiar and yet ultra-sexual at the same time. It lasts all day and, in my humble opinion, is just fantastic in whatever concentration and vintage you wear. Yes, the vintage parfum is the deepest and smokiest, but we can't always be wearing that (for reasons of finances as well as time and place), so it's good to know that Shalimar is still recognizably the same Shalimar in the weakest EDC as it is in the parfum - thinner, yes, but still, you wouldn't mistake her for anybody else. For me, it is true love, and a top five perfume forever. It is like my second skin.  
positive Rich, somptuous, baroque chypre masterpiece. There's pretty everything in it, a comprehensive symphony or perfumery basics. Splendid talcum-powdered drydown, gentle as a lady asleep. Not much to chat about this!

10/10
positive Love the history.....love Guerlain....don't love or even like Shalimar.  Instead of smelling sultry and seductive, I smell like an old ashtray.  The smoky notes just overwhelm on me.  
positive As many others have already said, shalimar is a classic, perhaps the most classic of them all, and equaly a work od a genius perfumer. For me is smells more msculine than feminine, what is no surprise after Prada pour Homme Intense, Eau Sauvage Parfum, Burberry Brti for Men, Tom ford noir and many scents in the same oriental veil. Shalimar seems a blueprint for so many scents we all know and that's why I cannot perceive Shalimar as dated, old fashion and even less, praise God, old lady-grandma-ish. No need to go through the notes, it has been done very well indeed by some Basenoters. I just think everybody really keen on fragrances should try Shalimar. It is beautiful, it is an art form, it is perfection. I feel very fortunate to own an EDP bottle of this relic and yet so present, uptodate scent that is Guerlain Shalimar.
positive Shalimar is a scent I'd been avoiding. Somehow, it had 'old lady' tones in my mind.  However, I've been progressing in my journey, I've discarded the idea that a scent fits with a particular age group.  Yes, some scents are classic and have been worn for many years by people and so you may know an older woman whose been wearing Shalimar for 5 decades, however, that doesn't define the character of the scent.

In the case of Shalimar, it's been around for so long because it is that good.  I've been wearing the current EDT with great pleasure.  It's a scent that envelopes me like a fur coat, in fact, a bit like fur that remains on the leather which has been sueded and worn soft.  This scent is warm, familiar and full of smooth vanilla laden leather.    I recently acquired a bottle of the vintage EdC and find that it is creamier still.  It's got the typical feel of Guerlain, a powdery feel, but I don't feel like that is as strong as in some of the Guerlains, it is more creamy than powdery to my nose.

This is a wonderful scent for most any occasion, though I suspect it will perform less well in a hot and humid climate.  It is a powerful scent to my nose, not something that the wall-flower would want and I believe a man could easily wear it as well.
positive Typical example of a fragrance that you need to let grow on you before you can fully appreciate it! Fist time I tried this... a very strong, very dirty, almost bitter vanillic leather aroma hit me and I found it quite pungent and almost overbearing. But after a few days, and other applications... I really had to agree with everyone here in that this is quite an elegantly made, beautifully blended, sophisticated fragrance, and I can see why many call this a masterpiece. There is not much more to add to what others have said, but I would say to first time users please give it a few tries on your skin and leave it the time it needs to fully appreciate it. Trust me, if you do this you will be rewarded, but be patient and you will see why so many people call this a masterpiece.
positive Superbto be honest, I buy Shalimar only for the gorgeous bottle at first. I dont sniff it, just get this pretty flacon. how bad Guerlain could be?real badass. the opening is not my favourite part (at fact, the least. its rather offensive), but the rest, especially the dry down is something to die for. the vanilla and incense is really prominent (but the seller said, "its woody spicy". never trust a seller women. especially when they already tried to sell a BOSS Bottled) usually I detest vetiver, but on this one its controlled beautifully, ended with strong Vanilla that just perfect. it have strong projection and stays for really long time. the bad side is, like most Guerlain is on the banal opening. if you survived the first minutes, a very beautiful scent awaits you Pros: projection, longevityCons: opening"
positive It really has grown on methe other sitting in a meting I was distracted by a whiff of the most delicious perfume, I surreptitiously sniffed the people within distance and none of them had warm woody tones with a hint of spice. As my head dropped to my chest to retrieve my pad I realized to my surprise that it was me. I would never have guessed applying Shalimar in the morning inhaling the burst of powdery vanilla and rather sweet fruit that what would remain through the day would be be a lovely spicy base with a hint of rose. I love the combination of sandalwood patchouli and jasmine and rose, though some notes are fainter than others. I wear it because of what it becomes and for how long it lasts, if I could change it I would add more strong green patchouli and maybe a hint more of rose.Pros: it gets better as the day wears onCons: first whiff is deadly sweet"
positive Great in bottle, less so on skinMy bottle of vintage Shalimar arrived today and when I removed the stopper, an absolutely heavenly and complex aroma of florals and woods and citrus filled my nose.  Yet when I put it on, I smelled ... well, like an old lady.  Just because I AM one doesn't mean I have to smell like it!  I'll try it again, but so far I'm not sure I'll be wearing this grande dame, happy though I am to own her.Pros: LuxuriousCons: A familiar scent to many"
positive Shalimar eau de parfum reformulationAfter finding out that my idol Lady Miss Kier of Deee-Lite wore Guerlain's Shalimar I immediatly bought a bottle I was just 14 back then in 1993.it was a gorgeous warm powdery kind of a heavy perfume I loved the vanilla and the exotique feel of it, it became my signature perfume for quite some time. Now 20 years later I bought a bottle of eau de parfum and i still like it but i do smell that it is not what it used to be I've been reading up on some reviews here on Basenotes and at Bois de jasmin's blog finding out it was reformulated i still like it but thers something missing.the reformulation seems to be milder and doesnt stay with me aslong as the 1990's Shalimar I once knew did.I love Guerlain for its history and perfume know how and tradition its my  favorite house but i feel robbed.It is still gorgeous and really really beautifull but this is not the old Shalimar I knew
positive Pour Homme	Shalimar is a perfume associated mostly with women from an older generation, so as a young man, 20 years of age, I perhaps can offer a more unique perspective of one of the jewels of the House of Guerlain. 	Let's quickly look at the key notes found in Shalimar:	Top: Mandarin orange, Cedar, Bergamot, Lemon	Heart: Iris, Patchouli, Jasmine, Vetiver, Rose	Base: Leather (?), Sandalwood, Opoponax, Musk, Civet or Civetone (?), Vanilla, Tonka bean 	First off, you might be sick of hearing this, but, like all Guerlain perfumes, Shalimar is a deeply personal thing. This is because Shalimar is definitely not your typical woody/oriental perfume. A quick glance at the notes makes this more obvious. Cedar, typically a heart or base note, is used as a top note, and this gives a distinctive woodiness right off the bat.  Vetiver and patchouli, which are now typically used as base notes. These help to cut the citrusy scents of the top notes and brings a bit of balance and, more importantly, complexity into the perfume. In the base notes, civet or civetone (the synthetic alternative to the natural ingredient, now banned for ethical reasons) brings a strong animalistic scent to the perfume. 	Next, my initial introduction to Shalimar was when my grandmother used it. To me, it was the epitome of sensuality and luxury. It has amazing projection and longevity, and merely a few drops of the perfume would last the rest of the day. 	Finally, I am using Shalimar because it works well on me. For reasons unknown to me, when Shalimar touches my skin, the top notes go off quite quickly, only lingering as time passes. In contrast, the musky and powdery base notes project very well, with the dominate notes being vanilla and tonka bean. This leaves a powdery and, almost, creme brulee-ish scent on me.Pros: Excellent projection and longevity, legendary scents, top grade ingredientsCons: Varies greatly with personal tastes and body chemistries"
positive A warm temple of mysterious love in a bottle...As a perfume hobbyist, some iconic scents of ladies department also come into my collection. And as expected, Shalimar ranked as top priority on my purchase list.So, as I recalled the first time I sprayed Shalimar, my immediate reaction was: wow, it's indeed warm and sensual. The aroma was so complex so should you want to give a try--you should try this one with caution.Yes, not every chick can wear this, even for some first-timers this would definitely too much too handle. A possible headache or confusion (due to trying to identify the notes LOL) may result.The longevity is truly outstanding, tested on my wrist and it lasted 8 hours and more. After a warm spicy mixture of scents decorated the earlier stage, a slight jasmine followed shortly but not too powerful. As it dried down vanilla note appeared and lasted, clear and sweet.Mysterious, as I remembered this one. Just like its name, Shalimar best translated as a warm temple of mysterious love. So, undisputedly this one suitable and enjoyable only for a more mature women not for teens.Even though I still have no idea if my wife (Estee Lauder Pleasures Exotic, Kenzo Flower, Hermes Un Jardin Sur Le Nil) or my mom (YSL Rive Gauche for women, Thierry Mugler Angel) would love to wear this or not. My overall scoring was 8/10.Pros: Warm & heartfelted scent, great longevityCons: Complex aroma on immediate spray not suitable for younger users, standard bottle & packaging
positive Love this perfume	Shalimar is my go to perfume for every occasion.  It's classic.
positive Try with caution: not everyone can wear this, on some it will make me feel queezy and give me an instant headache!

I just bought a bottle of the cologne being a bit shy to try a stronger concentration and I am absolutely loving this!  The lasting power of the cologne is truly impressive it wears on way beyond what I imagined, a good 8 hours.  In the dry down I love the burnt creamy vanilla that appears, smells like heaven.  Love this but may not wear to work!  Sexy, vampy and mysterious is the name of the game here not cookie cutter scent of the week.
positive Hmmm... Shalimar. Ladies smell so nice when they wear it. This is a scent that can bring about many memories. I can recall being a young teenager and being completely intoxicated by a friend's mom's perfume. This stuff MADE her a "hot mom". I remember the bottle...

I bought some for my girlfriend. She's in the roller derby, and I was looking for something that would go well with her sport. We've gone through many sweet, fruity, herbal, and sporty scents... tried a few Etat Libre d'Orange, and a couple of samples of various Tom Ford. I settled on trying out the Shalimar because of its longevity (not while wearing... I mean in the sense that it's been around since the 20s), its attractiveness, and the way it can match up with a sport like roller derby: It's dark, dangerous, sexy, and packs a punch, but can keep its wits about about it in social situations.

Shalimar comes in with the lemony top note, but does not last long. This dries down into something smoky and subtle, seductive. To me, it gets my mind racing on things like sex, making out, etc. The woman who wears this should wear in confidence that your man will notice.

I don't know what the formula was like in the 20s, but I would love to find out. Buy yourself an extrait or at least the EDP. Any other "strength" and you'll not get the full idea of what this scent is supposed to be.
I would even wear this myself if I paired it up with something Versace Baby Blue Jeans or put the smack down on it with Amouage Ciel Man.
This one's a sultry winner, ladies.

(update) I have been wearing this myself lately. I am really enjoying it. The extrait is the way to go... 
Guys, this smells good and I would recommend trying it. I know it's for ladies, but this can and WILL be quite masculine when worn by a guy... period. It smells nice, and you will get compliments... it seems that this is more unisex than anything else....
positive First try of Shalimar...

...there it sat on my skin. The flagship of Guerlain. The first spritz is very lemony of course, but you also get a sniff of cedar which reminds a bit of church pews and old fur coats. I knew at the first whisp this was a great Old World Perfume. A legend. History. 
The hesperidics are quite elusive and the scent changes remarkably into smoky vanilla. I don't get that much flowers. The smokiness makes me think of a Walpurgis Night bonfire. Shalimar has an aura of wisdom, of a significant other. It's one of the few perfumes that really make my mind wander. True dramatic beauty. 
Who knows what the vintage version was like, but even the reformulation is aweinspiring. Luca Turin said, Shalimar makes 80% of todays fragrances appear trivial.
Of course I now own a bottle. And what a timeless beauty that bottle is, don't you think? When did blue and yellow ever look that good together?

I'd dare say: Greatest perfume of all times! Too special for me to wear it every day, but good to know I have it!
positive I give this 5 Stars b/c I appreciate it.  It is one of the best loved fragrances of all time.  Having said that, I don't usually like women's Orientals.  This one is softened by the vanilla,Tonka and a light use of Bergamot.  The heart notes are all floral, soft florals. This has a gourmand tone to it. 
positive Just opened my bottle of Shalimar Pure Parfum and applied a few dabs...omg it is so sensual and beautiful and warm; heady and intoxicating---so luxurious. Wow!

Love it!


positive This was my second ever "grown up" perfume that my boyfriend bought for me
in 1973 and nearly 40years down the line I think I have grown into it.
I felt very sophisticated wearing it in my 20's but felt it was maybe too old for me
because of it's heaviness. However I have always loved the sensual smell and  always will, so do the men around me...as I have had many compliments on my 
perfume whilst wearing this,mainly from the older man !! 
positive What can one say about Shalimar that hasn't been said one million times?

Go buy yourself a bottle of the extrait.

Apply to your wrist.

Sit back, inhale deeply, and be transported to another universe.

And for the record, the extrait formulation is eminently suitable for use as a masculine - there is nothing even remotely girly about the dark-colored juice in the gorgeous crystal bottle, gentlemen.  
positive I recently purchased two vintage bottles of this and listed one on Etsy.  Today, I opened the second bottle and OH MY GOSH!  It is so very beautiful.  I quickly decided that could never be without this beautiful scent and took down the Etsy listing.  Who knows if I shall ever find the vintage EDT again?  I am totally in love.  
positive goes down heavy but results irritating to my neck skin, great scent anyway!
positive Chanel No. 5 ? 

Fugedaboutit. That powdery senior scent is as out of place these days as Guerlains Vetiver. 

This is what I imagined a timeless classic would smell like. Dark, vanilla, hints of oriental and side of civet for some carnal verve. Drydown is a creamy vanilla. 


positive I absolutely love it. It's the classic par excellence, way better than Chanel 5, a must have for anyone who loves perfumes.

And yet -- and this is a big YET -- it changes dramatically from bottle to skin. This can be for better or worse. On my mother and on some of my friends it smells great, and becomes the perfect fragrance for an elegant night out; on my skin, unfortunately, it gets flat, old, tired.

I am more sorry about this than I can say.

Still, every now and then, I spray it on my pillows and go to sleep thinking about some wonderful place in a faraway land.
positive The most perfect fume! I wore nothing else in my twenties before I was really able to understand, then I discarded it totally in favour of citrus scents in my early thirties, only to come back to it now, to rediscover it perfectly and completely. So much so that I now have edt (for bedtime), edp and vintage edp and parfum concentrations, im a Shalimar maniac! It's hypnotising and all encompassing - I have a lot of perfumes, and yet now I've rediscovered SHalimar I'm having a hard time wearing anything else. It feels like I'm cheating! I love Shalimar and I can believe I neglected her for so long. It's an incredible fragrance, from the Bergamot sharp opening to the nest like Opoponax tonka vanilla drydown. Genius.xxx

negative I've tried to enjoy Shalimar for its smell.  And its history.  And its importance.  And its benchmark status.  But no.  I'm afraid I think Shalimar smells gross.  That's not to say it isn't important and possibly a great perfume.  But I still think it smells gross.

Lately, I've been sampling the EDT, which is heavy on the baby powder and talc, fuzzy with lavender and a weird plasticky musk that smells like a diaper, as well as a realistic musk that smells like baby poo.  And there's vanilla, too.

I prefer the EDT because it focuses on the powdery aspects, letting the poopy diaper fade into a powdery spiced vanilla, which is the smell for most of the day.  

I've also tried the extrait, which highlights the poopy diaper musks and is just terrifying.

Oh well, I've given Shalimar MANY chances, and I get why people love it, but I just don't want to walk around smelling like a poopy diaper sprinkled with vanilla and cinnamon in a cloud of baby powder.  Maybe I'm losing snob points, but I'm fine with that...
negative Oh Dear Lord, Smells like FLY Spray :(after reading the background to this Fragrance and that of the good reviews I decided to try some of this on to check to see if was all that of the hype some people give this Fragrance. I was looking to give it to my Daughter for Christmas if it was good. I had imagined myself telling my daughter about the story behind the fragrance etc too but when I sprayed this on my arm, oh dear lord.. I nearly fainted... they didn't have any of the EDP so I used the EDT... my MRS didn't like it either, she thought it was horrible... it smelt like fly spray.. non the less, it was now on me so I watched if throughout the afternoon and into the evening.. it powdered down a lot better after an hour but still with that faint smell of fly spray in with the powder... it lasted very well, 8 hrs +... but hell, would you want it on you for that long? very disappointed :(Pros: dries down nicer than original burstCons: Smells like Fly Spray"
negative Disgusting and intrusive. 
negative I'm definitely in the minority here but I don't like this fragrance.  When Shalimar is mentioned I hear perfect, classic, wonderful.  When I try it all I get is vanilla, plastic, and dead cat.  What am I doing wrong, folks?  

neutral On good days, this smells like vanilla-flavored smoke and leather. On bad days, it smells like bug spray. 

That said, I'll always have a bottle with me, because there's a disturbing beauty to it, and as an oriental, it smells so completely different from any of the edible, dessert-like fragrances being classed in the same category today. (Not that I don't enjoy those.)

I can't say why but to me, Shalimar smells like it contains a tarry leather note. There's a deliberate "dirtiness" to it that makes it more raunchy than romantic, and I definitely need to be in the right mood to enjoy it.
positive There's nothing special when I tried Shalimar for the first time. It was the new version (EDP) that I tried at the local shop. From all the praise that I read here... I only got a burst of citrus note and sweet vanilla. A big disappointment for me...


I'm still curious for this "historical" SHALIMAR, so I tried to find the vintage one to erase my curiosity forever. I bought 1 bottle of Shalimar (PDT/75ml) at the flea market. I tried it at home, 2 sprays on my left arm and miracle happens...


I cannot explain the excitement I feel when I smell this beauty. It's like you've just drink a 100 years old wine when previously you only drink a grape juice.
positive If you looked in a dictionary under P for perfume there should be a big picture of Shalimar.  While some would argue that Chanel No 5 deserves that spot, to me Shalimar IS perfume, the highest expression of the perfumer's art. 

 Some people think of this as an "old lady scent" but don't forget, those old ladies were young once and it smelled as good on them then as it does now.  It works on a grandmother and on a nubile young 18 year old and at every age in between.  The story, the legacy, the packaging and advertising are all magnificent (that bottle!  The original is perfect) but what about the scent?  Well, it is gourmand without being too foodie, seductive yet still ladylike, rich and oriental but fresh at the same time.  I LOVE smelling this on a woman! The bergamot is perfectly done and paves the way for the iris and opoponax which is supported by the most beautiful vanilla ever--as only Guerlain can do.  This defines the Guerlainade note for me.   There is a smoky animalic note in there but it never forgets its manners, even if pushes the limits a bit.  

Please, women of the world, wear this more often!  In extrait if possible but all delivery systems for Shalimar are great--cologne, E de T, lotion, powder, etc.

I can well see why Guerlain paid homage to this when they gave us Habit Rouge and thank goodness they did, but for me, Shalimar is the mothership and a great perfume whose light  I hope never fades.      
positive SHALIMAR – Guerlain – 1925	[classic oriental]

This is the classic oriental, one of my favorites (Yves St. Laurent’s OPIUM and Boucheron’s JAIPUR HOMME are my top favorite orientals).  This is a warm, vanilla rich oriental, the very first of its type, and still the very best. Both men and women swoon when you wear it.

Top Notes: Bergamot, Lemon, Hesperides
Middle Notes: Jasmine, Iris, Rose, Patchouli, Vetiver
Base Notes: Vanilla, Frankincense, Opopanox, Sandalwood, Musk, Civet, Ambergis, Coumarin

positive Now I know why Shalimar is all over this site. What a wonderful fragrance! I seem to have an older version, the bottle is different than pictured, but it is lovely. Not too powdery for me, soft and sensual, a real classic. Still not better than Knowing on me, but I'll definitely keep it in stock.
positive This is my first review of a truly great perfume.  I don't think I've been qualified to write anything about a perfume as complex and perfectly composed as Shalimar.

I recently experienced for the first time the 1967+ vintage Shalimar extrait/parfum, in the  black and white zigzag box, with the purple flocked inner box adorned with the fabled gold Marly horse design inside the lid.  Its ferocious beauty has emboldened me to try to do it justice.  I compare it to the blue-boxed current parfum.  That is the only other formulation I know well.  Here goes ...

It opens with a beautifully radiant bergamot note.  That soon recedes into a chorus that is dark, smoky, sweet and animalic.  It's complexly organic, not just animalic in the "check-the-box", "yeah, it's in there" synthetic aromachemical sense.  It builds to a sharp, nose-singing kerosene bite.  It literally burns a bit when sniffed close to the skin.

It is intense, and utterly captivating. It goes in through the nose, passes through the brain, down the spine, and grabs you by the core.  Nothing else I've smelled has such a visceral effect.  People say that vintage Shalimar makes them feel weak in the knees, or feel faint.  You think this must be hyperbole.  It's not.  If any perfume has the power to incapacitate, it is this vintage of Shalimar in its opening movement.  The current version has much the same character, but is much less intense - not in potency or projection - in depth, darkness, and complexity.    The opening is the best part.

After that, the heart is still gorgeous, but it loses that raw gut-wrenching power.  It is much more floral -  rounder and sexier that the current parfum.  More feminine, most would say.  I don't care, though. It's too good for that to matter.  I think I smell jasmine, rose, and iris - I'm not sure, as I'm not great at separating out notes.  I'm sure there's much more than those three anyway.  It's very natural and complex to my nose. I would guess that these were still all natural florals in this vintage.  I don't know if the current parfum still has any, but there's a big difference, I think.  Resorting to an analogy, I'll say that the vintage is like an oil painting, where the current is like a pixelated digital image.  The current is very angular and sort of represents the idea of the floral elements, where the vintage feels ... real!  The heart is where the vintage and current differ the most in character.

The drydown is all smoky vanilla and sweet resins, overlaid with the fading light of the heart.  By the time the florals are gone, it is very similar to the current version.  That makes sense, as I don't think any of the base components are restricted, scarce, or particularly expensive.  It's deliciously edible by this point.  One of the nicest drydowns in all of perfumedom.

This is the best perfume I've ever known.

If I'm going to rate it, I'll say that on a scale of 1 to 10, this one goes to 11.  I have to do something to stand it apart from all of the other 10s.

11/10
positive One of the major fragrances that smells completely different on my skin as opposed to paper is Shalimar. 

On paper I get the big blast. A fistful of powdery sensuality anchored with high pitched lemon, dense beany vanilla and bergamot. I'm immediately transported. The after effects are a pleasant dry vanilla with that herbal lavender colored velour that all Guerlains seem to contain. It whispers oriental rather than sings it. 

However, on my skin I get a different world inhabited mostly by powdered vanilla. I can't get the citrus. The fade is very fast. An hour after application I have nothing but a barely noticeable hint of sweet baby powder. Why is that? No clue. Whatever it is, it's something in me. The paper sample smells rich roughly 3 hours after application. 

I will say that even with my poor chemistry, I still love Shalimar. Never mind that I likely can't wear it. It's so calm and frothy. I love its dainty chantilly creme' in contrast to the fatty pate' of other orientals. It's no wonder this was Rita Hayworths favorite perfume. It's feminine and sensitive, but at the same time bold, plump, vampish. 

The batch I smelled was the latest in the newly redesigned black ribbon bottle. I recall a few years ago smelling the classic tassled bottle and noting a distinct bitterness that turned me off. Maybe a louder bergamot in the old batch? 
positive I adore Shalimar! I think my favourite versions are from the '80's and '90's and I seek them out on eBay as they seem deeper, more complex and longer-lasting too. I always go back to Shalimar and I know I always will. 
positive Indisputably beautiful. Shalimar doesn't merely sit upon your skin and project its essence like most parfums; it melts into you, combining with you, and projects your essence. Hypnotic and wonderful. Breathtaking every single time.
positive I saw the reviews, and I decided to get a bottle from the local shop.  Yes, I am a man, and I wear Shalimar...and I like it.  It reminds me of 4711 meets Number Six meets Florida Water.  Good and citrusy, sweet, and just plain nice.  Not getting anything flowery from my wrist, sorry.  But nice, sweet, and relaxing.
positive On first whiff I smelt liquorice and incense which must have been the bergamot! It then fades into a powdery sweet vanilla. The iris in it is lovely. It's very sexy and feminine, definitely not a day perfume. 
positive Skin but better. The scent my son used to spray on his pillow when I was on nights to make him feel safe. Again  Basenotes reminds me to add an old favourite to my wardrobe
positive The first whiff on my skin made me think Old Library Books, not really enticing or sexy, but curious enough.
After thirty minutes, the top notes wore off, which were not fresh, but the opposite of fresh, the fragrance remaining was pleasantly strange, unusual and really authentic, like it was part of me.  The heart and base notes were mingling and lasting for several hours, four or five, and they were fascinating and mysterious, not so bright. Comfortable shadowy scent.  Something a bit rare and excellent here.  
positive I got a sample of this from Escentual, and have given myself a hefty dose. I'm not a fan of bergamot, something I've only discovered since joining Basenotes, and luckily, that note disappeared fairly quickly, although it was not as unpleasant as some I've encountered. I would love to have smelled the original formulation way back in the mists of time, however I'm content enough with the current blend, and not suffering any of that angst, so many Basenoters feel about the reformulations of fragrances. (I do however have a particular angry feeling about Lanvin's Arpege i got in the 80's and the reformulated article somewhere around 2006)

I'm breathing in a powdery aroma, and having read some of the reviews, people seem to associate powdery with old ladies, whereas i associate it with babies and youth. It doesn't seem at all "old People home" to me, and its uplifting for me,  in the powdery stage. The sillage of this one, seems to carry the powdery notes, and i expect people will smell that around me, until i shove my neck rudely in their faces, and demand they comment on this new scent I'm trying.

But where i love it most, is the nose-to-skin smell where i get an animalistic emanation, and the iris and opopanax are readily apparent, someone also mentioned an incense-y kind of aura, and I'm feeling that as well. Now, also the vanilla is waving hello to me, shyly, coyly popping its sweet little head up and saying "Hey, I'm here too!!"

 I never tried it before because the name puts me off, i don't like it at all, however, contempt prior to investigation has deprived me of something i may well choose to be my signature fragrance. I am actually going up to my mother's house to "appropriate" one of her 2 bottles of this. 

It's lovely, and i shalll be resting my nose somewhere down my cleavage, with eyes closed, breathing in this classic fragrance whilst watching Tv tonight. Thanks Guerlain
positive Just incredible. I'm wearing it right now.

The Shalimar ad says it so well in the tag line,  "As close to forever as a perfume can go." 

The classic amber, complete with a colorful lineage.

Everyone should do themselves a favor and  at least sample it.
positive   I'm beginning to learn that many perfumes come out smelling somewhat different on me depending on where I spray them (seriously.) When I apply this fragrance to my wrist, at first all I get is the really strong animal musk/civet smell, which I find almost a bit too much to deal with. When I apply it farther up my arm it's all lovely, soft powdery notes which are really nice and pleasant. Now that the fragrance is drying down a bit on my wrist though, I'm finding that it's turning mostly into vanilla and soft, sweet powdery notes too. I'm not sure if what I'm trying is the original or a reformulation. I suspect it's probably a modern reformulation because the sample didn't cost very much, and it smells too much like a vanilla fragrance to be the original (I think.) 
  The fragrance just changed on me again, and now I'm getting a strong impression of incense. 
  Shalimar is a really nice, unique fragrance and I definitely like it and would recommend it highly, but I doubt I would wear it very often. It's a scent that definitely comes across as a sexy evening fragrance to me. I think it might be a bit much for everyday wear. Definitely a great classic perfume though!
positive After all tese magnificent reviews, I was wondering if i should write something. Well...here...about perfume of all time. Most perfume created by real nose, remains as perfume for all times. I thik that, perfumery industry turned to FMCG as well by intoducing serials of new parfumes with new molecules and formulas and no real concept or idea, but the tought of earning. Perfumes were always art, so I am wondering why they were turned to this? Perfumes are sensed by the eldest part of the brain: rhinencephalon and only truly freeminded  and sensitive people can develop good composition.
I am sorry for this huge intoduction, but I wanted to express my opinion on the difference of the "old" perfumists who was creating their perfumes with heart and soul, and new trendy FMCG perfumes.
My flirt with this perfume dates back to 1995. I tried it again, but unfortunately during the summer, when some strange notes developed on my skin. Fortunately, I had a decant with me and tried it again. What to say...perfection made back in 1925.
It opens with lovely citrus notes wich represent the intoduction  to the most beautiful powder I ever sensed. Everything is perfectly done with right measure: sweetnes, citruses, woody and balsamic notes.
It would be nice if manufacturers does not forget that perfumes are like painting,  like music, that someone have to give to them their soul...othewise they would fall into oblivion.
Shalimar has heart and soul, which provided it with eternety in the perfumery world.
positive Love at second sniff - the first was, "Yargh! Old lady!", but wait....try it again....heaven. Smoky, vanillic, a spicy concoction that wafts about the wearer's being like a haunting mist that shifts and blends with the body's chemistry to create something altogether personal. Genius blending and, to me, pure alchemy. Beautiful.
positive Every word alfarom used to describe this is spot on. I am realllly trying to love it, but I get the same animalic note that I get in fragrances using the word civet. Now, I am a total newbie to fragrances of this magnitude and started my niche collection about two days ago, but it seems that all I am getting is that civet smell. My wrist literally is emitting wet animal derriere.  Because I understand that these things take time and this is only my first wrist spritz, I am gonna at least wait to finish the generous sample given to me by my local sephora, but I hope and pray that it morphs into something more pleasurable because like I said I really want this one to work...it's a LEGEND!!! So, I am giving it a thumbs up in honor of it's legacy, and because all of those other thumbs up's cannot be wrong ( whether it works for me or not ). I will just have to wait and see and post an update.
positive We can easily say that the house of Guerlain is french perfumery personified and, possibly, Shalimar is among its most successful and legendary creations. If you  smell it for the first time you immediatley notice its outstanding quality and complexity. Wether you'll like it or not this is, by any means, an outstanding fragrance and one of those perfumes you encounter every once in a 100 years.

An huge amber/vanilla driven composition that is particularly remarkable for its kaleidoscopic aspects. Animalic and smoky, oriental and penetrating, delightfully sweet, mysterious, intriguing....simply immense.

If you happen to wonder if "objectivity" is appliable to perfumes you should try Shalimar as it's one of the most successfull examples of how a good fragrance can go beyond genres and even personal taste.
positive We all have our classics that are nothing like we remember from back in the day.  ('I used to wear [insert classic] until they RUINED it!)  I tend to get more wistful than angry over this (Odalisque.)  But just as I've sat to write about Shalimar I've found another reaction, which is to notice and then not particularly to care.  I'm on a plane right now and passing through duty-free earlier spotted Chanel Antaeus, my first fragrance, my only signature fragrance, the one I wore exclusively in my junior and senior years of high school (81-82) and then intermittently for years.  My first thought on sniffing it was 'this is quite literally nothing like what I used to wear.'  My next thought was, 'Oh, look!  They've got  No 19 EDP!' and I went and spritzed.  

The upside of digital perfume communities is the sharing of experiences.  I have learned so much reading Basenotes reviews and threads---had more laughs, more ah ha! moments than I can count.  The downside, though, is that a perfume hobby seems to engender a nostalgia/anger about how things used to be.  There's that sense that contemporary perfumery has taken something intrinsic away from us.  Our response is often a fetish for distinction and provenance, and of course the ensuing butt-sniffing and pack hierarchy.  You know: 'I'm sure you THINK you love your current Mitsouko EDT, but you'll never truly know her until you've smelled my 1967 extrait.'  I'm as guilty as the next person.  

But Shalimar unexpectedly elicits in me an attitude I've tried to foster.  Things do change.  But I just love perfume and find immense joy in it.  Call me common, call me simple, but I currently wear the most recent Shalimar EDT and love it.  It just makes me tail-waggingly happy to smell it.  Citrus, growl, smoke, scratchy amber & vanilla, opopanax, a sly incense.  I'm sure it's not the parfum from 1925, but then again I'm not a 20s flapper.  How wonderful that that era had its Shalimar.  But they didn't have our Bois de Violette, my Insense, my Secretions Magnifiques.  This is no pollyanna desperate optimism, no deflection of resentment.  We live in a spectacular era of perfume.  

My 2010 Shalimar tells me to screw the iconography and embrace the perfume.  It also makes me imagine the fun of watching the apoplexy of the current generation of young perfumistas going as shrill as we have over the resctrictions on our beloved oakmoss.  Imagine the heel-clacking and outrage among the Angel set when ethylmaltol, identified as the causative agent in the future medical diagnosis of Acquired Intolerance Syndrome, is outlawed.  
positive Shalimar has taken me on a very strange journey which I hated at first because its scent was so alien to me that I did not know what to make of it. It reminded me of an antique powder puff left behind by some silver screen diva.

I persisted  with the ODP because, despite my initial reaction, I had also detected something totally irresistible and unique, which set it  aside from every other perfume I have worn.

Shalimar was created at a time where scents where elitist, assertive and owned by few; it is so removed from the 21st century that wearing is like immersing your self in to a time between the wars where everything seemed possible.

Like all masterpieces, you will not get it straight away and you will have persevere and open your mind to it. But once you do Shalimar becomes a magnificent addiction.
positive It is not difficult to see why Shalimar has stood the test of time.

Shalimar is still unique after all these years. Such a beautifully done fragrance, composed with careful consideration and oozing sophistication and elegance.

This fragrance is a warm, smokey and slightly spicy vanilla scent, with all the right qualities to make this sensual fragrance irresistible. 

The opening is a wonderfully obscure citrus blend complimented by cedar. This combination surprisingly works. The top notes are strong but not overly so.

The heart of this fragrance is where the magic begins. On my skin I get a warm, somewhat leathery and spicy blend of floral notes. At first this scent reminded me of calamine lotion. Thank goodness that I like that medicinal type smell. Later I got something that smelt like a mixture of cigar smoke, powdery incense and fragrant woods.

I love that Shalimar continues to change and surprise me. I love that this fragrance is so unpredictable. Guerlain has certainly outdone themselves with this masterpiece.


positive Pillar of classicism and one of the most refined, luxuriant, elusive and sophisticated fragrances of all time. Smooth, at opening luxuriously hesperidic, barely tobacco veined and talky this is the fragrance that inspired the creation of the earthy decadent Habit Rouge, yet the "Shalimar au masculin". The extreme sophistication of the juice is enhanced by its floral heart "populated" by the most sumptuous flowers as jasmine, rose and iris in order to enrich the balsams of the base after a first citrusy voluptuous traditional blast. Rose and iris are prominent and the first of two is linked to talky elements in order to provide a touch of ethereal delicacy while the further floral patterns are more pungent and angular in order to "complicate" the shadowy wake on the side of a detectable note of classic patchouli . The citrus are almost aggressive at the beginning as well as those are strong in Habit Rouge and the link with the bunch of flowers and patchouli produces an extremely elegant, classic, aristocratic and bold impact. The opoponax presence in the middle helps to understate soon the initial harsh impact of citrus in order to prepare a gradual transition towards the resinous final smootness. Some time later the angular citrus and floral elements start infact to drown in a sink of resins and balsams as vanilla, Perù balsams and gray amber that remain all dry and powdery being just at the beginning of the development barely resinous. A touch of flavoured mildness is introduced by tonka in the way that the base exudes nuances of aromatic tobacco. The dry down is anyway warm, enveloping and luxurious with its talky "smokey" mildness, ambery sandalwood and a sort of leathery suede. Shalimar is still nowadays a great choice for the lovers of sumptuous effluviums managing to teleport them in a world of mystic exoticism, sultanates, harems and esotericism.
positive What can I add to the accolades strewn like wreaths of the finest blossoms at the feet of Shalimar?  My two cents, of course!
If Chanel No. 5 is the Queen of Perfumes, then Shalimar is the empress.  No. 5 is a masterpiece of modern aldehydes.  Shalimar is a masterpiece of nature's flowers.  Funny that they appeared at almost the same time, because they couldn't be more polar of opposites.  Shalimar captures the very essence not only of flowers, but of perfumerie itself.  If a perfume is meant as more than a means to end (smelling better)--that is, as a fantasy...a catalyst for dreams--then Shalimar takes the crown. I know it's an oriental; perhaps the first.  However, to me, Shalimar is the quintessence of floral. The only flower I see listed in the pyramid is iris, but surely there are more in this garden.  The experience of Shalimar is the experience of a child smelling a flower for the first time.  Overwhelmed and entranced for life.  The Shalimar I'm talking about here is the original perfume.  I get the feeling today's Shalimar is not what it once was...
How I remember my mother going out for a formal occasion, in a ball gown(!), suffused with Shalimar her special perfume from that magic bottle ( the one with the violet stopper), coming in to kiss us goodnight.  Talk about magical!
positive Absolutely sensational, classic fragrance and without any shadow of a doubt, one of the most complex creations in all perfumery. Evolves dramatically on the skin morphing from one contrasting colour to another in bewildering, virtuoso style.

negative One of the ugliest, most pervasive scents known to man, next to cat pee.

The staying power is, of course, excellent.
negative I dont quite like it. I blind-bought it because it was oh-so praised here on basenotes. That was a mistake. It  smells pretty much like joss sticks and reminds me of red-light-establishements (thou ive never been in one :). As KatiePuckrikSmells stated in her YouTube-Review the smell was considered "a perfume with a bad reputation" and that "there are three things a "Lady" never did [..], wear shalimar", this is pretty much spot on. Its not western-classy but oriental-brothelesque.. thumbs down.

neutral i have the reformulated version from 2011....and must say its a big dissapointment...
 but on the original parfume i can say its the best idea behind any female parfume, combination of citrusy-bergamot and vanilla-amber, incense notes....all the best i like, so feminine and powdery and so special, creme brulle :), and not so many parfumes that play with simmilar notes
thats what i want and thats what its worth having, but not when they put reformulations and think people who buy shalimar wont notice it? ...becasue if it smelled like this before i am sure it would not be such a popular scent, this 2011 version  resembles too much to dior homme, its more of a hay and less of smoky creme brulle. but ok will survive it :)

EDIT:i could not survive it so i sold it and managed to buy EDT vintage, it smells like real icon now! its not so sharp, offensive, citrus layed over hay, but its cremme brulle, i finally get the vanilla!! which i could not findin new EDP,  its like hearing a song from the mouth of a man and a robot, this is the difference for me between vintage and modern perfume, they want to speak the same words but cant reach my heart, amazing experience for me to see how these things do matter!! and reformulations are bad thing!
neutral First try with this, strong oriental vibe, loved the bergamot but it faded quickly. Liked the scent overall. I totally missed the iris, but my husband thought it smelled like "baby powder". Interesting spicy tone in a nice soft vanilla base. 

I will try this one again, but kind of disappointed so far.

***Update 10/15/11***
Maybe my first trial was a stale sample, this time is much nicer! Now I pick up the iris notes as well, that's part of the powder I think. Husband likes it better this time, too.

***Update 09/25/16***
Not in love. At all. The first hour or two is interesting, then it dissolves into sugary-powder. It seriously smells like candy on my skin. Lasts all day, too. I think I'll be swapping this one...

neutral Shalimar has always confused me.  Two women I knew in the 1970's wore it, and it smelled quite different on each, so I never could find it's identity.  Last year i purchased a brand new bottle and sprayed it on.  The top notes were lovely, but the drydown was pure coumarin or some coumarin substitute.  Sadly, coumarin becomes quite bitter and uncomfortable on my skin but lasts forever.  I tried it a few more times with the same results.  Shalimar was moved to the back of the cabinet.
Two months ago I found a mystery bottle of Guerlain for sale.  It had no label but was the familiar round bottle with the crystal stopper and was quite affordable.  I snatched it up and dabbed it on.  The top notes had gone off but what followed was heavenly.  I guessed that it might have been Shalimar, but with no label it was merely guessing. Whatever it was, it was so different from the current Shalimar.
Today I received another bottle (round bottle w/ crystal stopper) off the internet, this one with a label.  Definitely Shalimar.  I dabbed both bottles on my wrists, and they are identical and wonderful.  Full, rich and delicious.  Totally Guerlain.
So.  How do I rate this perfume that smells so amazing in it's vintage incarnation and so painful in it's current state?  I'm afraid it will have to be neutral for now.
positive Tom Of Finland. . . . . .
positive I love this scent, my first Niche bottle... it Jst lasts & lasts & lasts!

positive Santal 33 by Le Labo reminds me of the bombastic woody fragrances by CdG, but with different ingredients. Yes, I agree--this does smell like a moustache hipster, from 10 years ago, working in a wood shop, building a new end table and pickling vegetables in the corner. This fragrance suits my personal taste and it is difficult to argue with the quality and performance. Huge projection and sillage—the wearer is working hard in the wood shop for 10 to 12 hours a day, occasionally picking sawdust out of their beard and freshly laundered flannel shirt. 10 years ago, the day in the wood shop was ended at a cozy microbrewery, but now, our moustache is about to turn 33, and still works in a pile of wood chips, but spends spare time with the kids. 

4/5 

positive Rubbery leather with an industrial feel and dry woods make for a pungent opening. The more time passes, the fragrance relaxes and grows as a smell into a creamy sandalwood with cardamom and papyrus, it sweetens a bit but still maintains the leathery aspect which is now paired with soft buttery iris. By the end, the fierce animal has been tamed; it's a smooth, warm, aromatic and woody fragrance. If I could make a reference, it starts like TF Oud Wood Intense and dries down to Oud Wood.

positive I like it.  Out of all the leather fragrances I have tried, this is the only one that actually smells like leather.  The dry-down transforms into a dry, sawdust type smell.  Not special enough to buy a full bottle but still a good scent.
positive Santal 33 is a thoroughly decent scent. I ordered a sample from Le Labo for £3.99, including delivery. Sprayed it on this morning, my wife was impressed, but there was something about it as it developed that seemed very familiar to me. Then it hit me, the cedar note, that is. For I get mostly cedar in this, I guess because it's Australian sandalwood, rather than the far more difficult to get Indian stuff, so the sandalwood doesn't really stand out for me. This is cedar all the way.

But what was that all-too-familiar cedar note, where did I know it from? Ah yes, the old familiar, Quorum Silver, currently available at about £10-15 a bottle, compared with Santal 33 at £120. 

What's in a name? That which we call a rose
By any other name would smell as sweet.

Well, that's marketing for you, Wills.

Yes, Quorum Silver is not quite as refined as Santal 33, but for the sake of £100, I think there's very little in it, though they do have slightly different accords. Try a sample of Santal 33, and buy a bottle of Quorum Silver, and see if you smell the same.
positive Quintessential New York fragrance. You will smell this on many people in NYC, and it will feel out of place in most other places. One of the finest sandalwood fragrances out there next to Santal Massoia. This can end up smelling like a horse barn if sprayed too close. Give it the right distance and it is perfect. Supremely balanced. 
positive suede delicate leather in a campfire breeze, perfect duration and heavy duty sillage!
positive I like Santal 33.  It's big and loud and linear and sometimes I get kind of tired of it, but every time I wear it, without fail, at some point in the day, I catch a whiff of myself and just think "damn, that smells fantastic."  

So what does it smell like?  Well, it's pretty much my go-to to describe Australian sandalwood.  Unlike its Indian Mysore cousin (which smells, at its best, like rich, buttery sawdust), Australian sandalwood (and, by extension, Santal 33) smells like breaking open a fresh, green, sappy, newly grown branch, mixed with the smell of coconut water.  There's a mix of iris and ambrox in there, which mostly adds a luxurious richness without being very prominent, and some limpid, tea-ish elements as well.  Honestly, it all comes together to smell mostly like coconutty green goop, but it's a rich, expensive, gorgeous coconutty green goop.
positive What makes a fragrance intriguing is when it evokes a specific time, a certain place or a particular material while remaining elusively vague.

SANTAL 33 has successfully achieved this feat with its seemingly amorphous quality. Neither woody nor floral, far from leathery or spicy, I can't exactly describe it as musky either. Yet somehow it smells distinctive and chic. Like a cross between the scent of a freshly printed lifestyle magazine and the interiors of a luxury leather goods shop.

With superior performance to boot, this is another winning hand from the house of Le Labo. Well played!
positive Santal 33 is my favourite of the Le Labo line and the only I was willing to purchase a decant of. It is ethereal and as more of a birch suede focused fragrance supported by sandalwood, with little to no sweetness. 

It is however not a complement getter for me - which underscores it's niche quality.


positive This is pretty. I don't know if I would call it a "sandalwood" fragrance, but it is a really nice fragrance and I like it. A lot!

Ok, so yes, I can smell something that smells like sandalwood, but it is not the sandalwood I recall from the oils I used to buy years ago labeled "Mysore Sandalwood" back in the 80's and early 90's that I'm kicking myself for thinking they'd always be around...but I digress...

But this is really nice...it's comforting, and peaceful. There is something soothing about it, and my brain says: "buy it". My wallet says: "umm...can we hold off a bit?"

I would not purchase this as a blind buy - like all Le Labos (at least the ones I've got my nose on thus far), it's an interpretation of the scent/note. Enjoy the art without the expectation of a black and white understanding of the thing. 
positive This reminds me of a middle ground between Montale’s Aoud Leather and Creed’s Original Santal.    Not as sweet as Original Santal, but sweet.   And a leathery note similar to the Montale.   This strikes me as aiming more toward a leather scent than a sandalwood, though.  I do like it.
positive Santal 33 opens with a blast of violet before quickly adding smooth iris to the mix with a slight cedarwood undertone.  As the composition moves to its early heart the violet vacates, leaving remnants of the iris meshing with an emerging slightly harsh and dry Australian sandalwood that takes the fore early before gradually adding in sharp, natural smelling cedarwood that grows in its intensity through the rest of the mid-section turning into the star with the dry sandalwood only co-star.  In addition to the more prominent heart notes, binding the dry sandalwood and natural cedar is a supporting mysterious accord that somewhat resembles coconut, but not quite.  During the late dry-down the composition shifts back to the relatively sharp sandalwood, supported by slightly sweet and powdery amber joining the now diminished cedarwood through the finish.  Projection is excellent to outstanding, as is longevity at well over 12 hours on skin.

Frank Voelkl has been on a roll lately.  His other Le Labo mainline compositions Iris 39 and Ylang 49 both were favorites going into sniffing Santal 33, and outside the Le Labo family he also is responsible for the masterpiece caliber Javanese Patchouli by Zegna.  With so many excellent efforts under his belt with no duds sniffed to date it was with relatively high expectations that I sampled his Santal 33 and I am happy to report that it can be added to his growing list of stellar accomplishments.  Like many Le Labo compositions Santal 33 is not really a straight sandalwood composition.  Early-on, the composition is about violet, and even more-so iris.  I could immediately detect some early similarities for a short time with Iris 39 before the wood-centric heart set in...  The heart accord really leans more towards the cedarwood than the Australian Sandalwood, but certainly both play a key role.  The cedar is quite natural smelling, and the relatively dry sandalwood compliments it quite nicely.  Only in the late dry-down did I detect the sandalwood as the most prominent aspect, and then only just, as a very smooth and slightly sweet powdery amber is almost as prominent though the finish.  While Santal 33 may be more of an amalgamation of ingredients as opposed to a sandalwood focused composition, the most important thing is it is entirely successful.  The bottom line is the $160 per 50ml bottle Santal 33 may not have a strict sandalwood focus, but this "outstanding" 4.5 star out of 5 rated composition should be on any fragrance lover's radar, as should any other composition by Frank Voelkl!

negative Pickle dust.

Its got dry chemically dill in the opening.  One little bit on my arm three different times.  I just don't think this is very persistant or heavy. It is airy and fades out in like 5 hours.  I know that is not the baseline, but that is my 2020 experience.  Fairly pleasant for what I did smell.  Not particularly sandalwoody. Stupid expensive, and I wouldn't purchase it for $30.  Thumbs down, solid. 
negative Santal 33 was not at all what I expected, and unfortunately, it wasn't in a good way.

Santal 33 opens up with a fiercely dry, woody howl.  I assumed, as is the case with many "sandalwood" fragrances, that this would lean sweet and creamy.  Nope, not the case here.  This smells very much like real sandalwood, which has a very dry fragrance, and I think that Le Labo did a pretty good job of approximating it.  Most people haven't smelled real sandalwood, and what they have smelled is the treated kind thet you get in crappily-made mala beads that are made for hippies and "I'm not religious but I'm spiritual" types.  I was pretty stoked that Le Labo had actually gotten the scent right, except for one big caveat.

So what's the only way that they could screw this up, what with a sandalwood note this good?  Well, that would be by adding enough additional notes to interfere with the really good sandalwood that this fragrance contains.  The leather and papyrus are as prominent as the sandalwood, if not more so, and if the point of this scent was to feature sandalwood, then they basically took something great and then drove it right into the ground.  This is like going to the Met to listen to the NY Symphony's tribute to Color Me Badd.  The ingredients in this are good, for sure, but this formulation isn't.

This is supposedly the hip scent for people in NYC to wear, and as someone who has and still does spend a good bit of time in NYC, I can assure you that it doesn't surprise me one bit.  This could have been good.  I think that the folks at Le Labo had the skill to make this good, but like so many fragrances out there, they took a great idea and did to it what Meg Ryan did to her face.

Pass.
negative Insipid powdery violet /iris. Poor projection, a skin scent almost from the outset even if you give it a couple of good squirts.  Inoffensive until you also factor in the price. A joke.

Fragrance: 5.5/10
Projection: 4/10
Longevity: 6/10
negative Stardate 20190318:

This is shite.
Not sure why it became NYC's favourite. Violet/Iris with musk and powder. Very generic TJMaxx fragrance at astronomical price. Nothing redeeming about it. 
negative Santal 33 opens up as a casual, worn leather on my skin. It's pleasant enough but as it dries down, it completely falls apart into a dense, fluffy cloud of synthetic musk. Unfortunately, at this point the projection is quite strong and enduring. Utterly disappointing and not the only Le Labo to have collapsed like this on me. I have given up on the house.
negative You're a rabbit. You live in a dead garden. Your entire diet consists of unremarkable weeds, poison ivy/oak/sumac, and the occasional poisonous flower blossom. But, this isn't just any garden, because its owner decided to plant a bunch of cucumbers this year. So, you're a rabbit. You live in a mostly dead garden. Your entire diet consists of raw cucumbers, unremarkable weeds, poison ivy/oak/sumac, and the occasional poisonous flower blossom. The best part is that every so often you get to munch on all of these things after they've been spritzed with an insecticide. Santal 33 by Le Labo.
negative I have belived I liked any kind of woody fragrance until I met Santal 33. This scent made me realize that there exsits some woody fragrance I don't like.
It's truely woody but not warm rather than cool, keen, sharp and bitter. I imagine pine needles in a small garden such as my Japanese gandfather's bonsai. No softness or sweetness at all.
What's more, this fragrance does't have any top, middle or last note. It won't change. All the same smell. I have some another Le Labo perfumes and I feel all of them will not change their note. 
It's not overpowering or pungent. It float quietly but for me not comfortably.
It's just unique.
negative I heard *so* much about this fragrance and reading all the descriptions, it sounded so up my alley. 

But "leather" as a note always seems to mean something different to people and I am not into this interpretation. Something about it smells briney to me and it only intensifies on wearing. Probably because I'm so sensitive to it, it's often the only note I sense after a few hours.
negative Ordered a tester because of the hype. Not impressed. Interesting at first but then just a lingering sharp pine scent. I can see how those who like green scents would be very intrigued. Not for me.

neutral This was always a 100% thumbs up for me (yes, I'm from NYC and was part of that initial Santal 33 craze) that I am now moving to neutral. It feels like the formulation has changed and the performance is weaker than previous.

Some of the great sandalwood is still there and it still gets praise from myself and others but I can't justify it based on the price.
neutral The name "Santal" gave me the impression that this one would be a nice, creamy sandalwood. And I can't help but think about Creed's wonderful Original Santal, a favorite in my collection.

Santal 33 by Le Labo is an experimental concoction that is  leathery, with some bright woodiness (the papyrus) mixed with musk.  Very confusing, but it is what it is.  Not a bad smell overall though, but not what I'd call a classic sandalwood scent per se.  A so-so piece that avant garde types might take to more than I could!

neutral Out of curiosity, I stopped by the Le Labo counter at Nordstrom to pick up a sample of this. To me, it's definitely more on the feminine side. The initial burst is very nice and refreshing, but the drydown ends up being more floral than leather.
neutral I get mostly smokey wood, leather, and pine cones.  Smells like the old wood floors and furniture in a colonial house.  Has some shared traits with SJP Stash, another unisex fragrance. I also agree with the comparisons to Quorum Silver but that one has less smoke and is more fresh.

Projection is very good and persistent. Longevity is also very good, 8-10 hours. 

neutral Famously the “signature scent” of thousands of young professionals and hipsters in certain areas of New York city, Santal 33 by Le Labo has become a bit of a design cliché as of late – the olfactory equivalent of the Barcelona chair or the man bun. But just because everyone is wearing it doesn’t make it a bad fragrance. In fact, it’s pretty great, especially if you park your expectations at the door.

For one thing, despite the name, I find this to be a predominantly leather-focused scent, with a salty, green cucumberish quality that is almost aquatic. It opens with a powerful blast of chemical violet, sea salt, leather, and that aqueous herbal element, making me think each time of salty vetivers like Fleur de Sel by Miller Harris and Sea Foam by Art de Parfum.

But focusing too closely on the individual elements is of little use here, because the total effect is so forceful that you just have to give yourself over for the ride. Santal 33 is intensely masculine: full of raw, oily leather and balsam, it makes me think of a lifestyle concept store – one of those cavernous, white empty studio spaces where they place a tangle of parched white driftwood in one corner and a lone leather couch in the other.

Much later on, in the far drydown, there is the green aroma of dried coconut husks, raw and brusquely woody, and it is only then I see the reference to (Australian) sandalwood. But, in general, this is dry and woody-leathery, not lactonic or sweet.

Whenever I wear Santal 33, I am reminded of that craze for “shabby chic” that was so popular for most of the last ten years, because there is something very deliberately “antiqued” about the scent, like a modern wooden chair exposed to salty sea air to force-age it, whitewashed, and then distressed to give it the patina of age. It’s totally faux – but somehow the “fauxness” of it all becomes part of the appeal.

It reminds me of books, too. In particular in the raw, harsh chemical breeze of salt and Iso E Super whitewashing the grain of the scent, which ultimately comes off as a combination of freshly-tanned leather and newly-printed paper. It is an industrial book smell, one that belongs more to an Amazon warehouse or a newspaper printing room than a library or old book store.

But it’s also totally hipster and lifestyle-ish, with a high-gloss finish that is somewhat at odds with the raw, salty leather underneath. One of my favorite reviewers, Diamondflame, said it best when he called Santal 33 “a cross between the scent of a freshly printed lifestyle magazine and the interiors of a luxury leather goods shop.”


neutral Santal 33 is a very thorough expression of sandalwood.  It smells of woods, woods, and more woods, without being a woody oriental or a woody fougere or something more hybridized.  In that respect, it smells very natural, not like a personal fragrance at all but rather, a smell of nature, found in nature.  As has been the case with most of the Le Labos I've tried, projection and longevity are pretty good, even for an EDP.

I don't detect the floral notes--I get mostly sandalwood and cedar with a hint of leather.  Santal 33 is intriguing but it is not flattering on me---it leans a little bit too much toward balsa and smelling like a Home Depot or Lowe's.  I can begin to comprehend how widely popular this is due to how basic and natural it smells, but it just seems to be lacking refinement and something more, at least at the Le Labo price point. An interesting try, but for me, not a buy.

6 out of 10
neutral Dill 33 (ha!) is a kryptonite scent for me. It’s the one scent from the line that I absolutely cannot stand yet I think I’m one of very few people who feel this way about it. What absolutely murders it for me is the cardamom / iris / leather accord that’s present in Iris 39 and dominates this scent from start to finish.

This is a loud, rooty, herbal-green thing with a vegetal edge to it. It’s a tad sweaty, but the wood effect that it creates is impressive. Does it smell like sandalwood? Not exactly. But it does smell like a smart interpretation of the note along the lines Santal Massoia. An impression of sandalwood comes and goes throughout via a peanut-butter effect that’s commonly found in sandalwood oils. But what does exist of the sandalwood accord is drowned out by the megaphone of cardamom and scratchy iris that kill the scent’s better characteristics. 

On the one hand, I get why some people would enjoy this as it’s an interesting facsimile of sandalwood, but on the other, it also smells (I’m not kidding) like dill and cucumbers sandwiches—and that’s the part that screams the loudest. Not for me in the slightest.
positive This pushed all the right buttons. A brief cypriol gust knocks you off balance on opening before falling back to a lactonic green accord slowly transitioning into a lush fruity sandalwood during the heart (there is almost a feeling of honeyed apricots, the colour and texture if not aroma). It's got a wonderful balance between the sweetness, creaminess and astringent woody side, rich but never too much.

An interpretation of sandalwood with modern ingredients having an emphasis on boosting the golden bright aspects of the natural oil. Perfect.
positive This stuff is amazing.  Sandalwood, cedar and violet all rounded out by a very smooth iris note.  One of the best fragrances I've ever smelled.
positive A beautiful sandalwood greets me from the first seconds on, and stays on. In the drydown a cedar nit arrives, and this happy marriage is what this scent is all about in my skin. The proportion of the two varies a bit over time, and in the last hours the cedar seems to grow stronger.  Not unlike Tam Dao as far as the sandalwood is concerned, but a tad less elegant.  To me the focus on the two wood notes of extraordinarily high quality is very convincing.  My exposure to Australian sandalwood has been limited, but I like it very much the way LL presents it here.  Very good silage and projection, and a splendid longevity of around seven hours.  Top stuff. 

positive First, this fragrance brought to mind oiled juniper housewares rather than the ~wild frontier~ of the colonial imagination — a nice homey scent, somewhat surprising, but enjoyable. I didn't pick up the papyrus — maybe I just don't recognize it, being a hillbilly of sorts, but it's possible that my nose just can't pick up anything beyond the wood. And this is, for me, a surprising kind of wood in the sense that it doesn't feel hard to wear or imposing. This is not a dead and dried piece of timber; this is almost a grove. I still prefer the Mysore sandalwood in my fragrance but I absolutely love what Le Labo has done with the Australian sandalwood. I keep reaching back to my sample. Worth the full bottle? Depends if you like wood. If yes, I recommend.
positive Not Bad! Cedar/Sandalwood To the Max!	Blast of cedar for sure!! There is also a fig note that reminds me of Marc jacobs fragrance from a few years back. Once again this is not Earth shattering but solid enough to add to the rotation!	I'm eager to experience the Rose for sure and few others. 
positive Starts off really raw. Like raw cedar, or saw dust. As it mellows and calms down I'm not sure if it ever takes the full quality of sandal wood, but it is a very pleasant, pleasurable woody scent. Its like sandal wood and cedar mixed together. Very desirable. 
positive My fourth le labo and I wanna start this review off by saying I only review fragrances I own, and I only review them after I get a good five uses in. That's why you'll never see a thumbs down review, cuz I'm not spending 200+ on perfume I don't like, just to trash it. With that being said, lets get to the review. When I first smelled this, I thought "I've smelled this before" but I smelled the card, left the store n didn't think much of it just thought it was business as usual for this house, trying to pass off femme scents as masculine. Days go by and I can't stop thinking about it, I have to have it. So I buy it and the first time I wear it it hits me, I know where I've smelled this before, the green car freshener that dangled from my moms caddy. This starts off as a blast of florals mixed with a lil spice and its fairly linear. I never smell cedar, but the beauty of fragrance, is that oils are sometimes infused to create a different accord. The florals in this are heavy and they dominate especially the violet. I think it's a great buy for a perfume connoisseur, it's a floral-oriental for men which is not done a lot. If you only own a couple bottles of perfume, you might wanna go another route. It's definitely unisex as a matter of fact when I get back home I'm gonna see if my wife wants to take this off my hands, amazing scent but I doubt I'm gonna get a lot of use out of it..
positive I have tested the whole Le Labo line (including the city exclusives) and this one did very well. I consider it to be the best from the regular line; and the most bottle worthy from all Le Labos as far as the uniqueness of this scent goes. The papyrus opens utterly comforting zone endorsed with truly well crafted tone of sandalwood and cedar. The scent feels dry and warming on the one hand but almost burning and arousing on the other. It took me a little while to fell in love with it but I have fallen deeply as Romeo. 

Several more things: 1)This is a masculine scent, almost an archetype of daring heroic man. 2) It can differ according to actual weather but is suitable for every season, very versatile indeed. 3) Longevity and projection is in 85% times excellent, moody in the left 15% (at least on my skin). 4) Be sure to give it a chance before damning it after first sniff – you might eventually enjoy it. 5) 10 out of 10 and one of my all time favorites!
positive A leathery cardamon gives this lightly musked, wonderfully creamy sandalwood it's unique appeal.  Uplifting in a healthy herb & cream kind of way, I get a mental picture of a delicious herbed cucumber sour cream dip at a Wisconsin supper club.  I sometimes think Santal 33 could use a bit more edge.  Creaminess in a perfume tends to round off corners. But then that's what creaminess does and what Santal 33 is supposed to be.  Pleasant to the extreme, liking and wearing Santal 33 is never anything to be ashamed of.
positive On me the opening is a sawdust & leather accord, done in a light & pleasant manner. Then over the next 20 minutes l get faint whiffs of cardamom, crisp papyrus, something almost minty, & a whisper of a floral note. Just as l'm beginning to wonder where the coconut note is that l've read about, it begins to creep in underneath the woods, & suddenly 1 hour in l realise it smells exactly like Bronze Goddess! Yes, really, that mixture of subtle, creamy coconut with the sandalwood is, l swear, a deadringer to my nose. The only difference is in the longevity; this one is still traceable on my skin after 11 hours.
This did not disappoint, but as l already own Bronze Goddess, l do not feel the need to add it to my collection. And l would say to any guy out there who loves the drydown of Santal 33; try Bronze Goddess before you shell out the big bucks for this one!
positive Santal 33 by Le Labo - One is initially treated to a somewhat rugged duo of Australian sandalwood and Russian leather. The sandalwood infuses its camphoraceous woodiness and slight nuttiness, and interplays with the saddle leather with its inherent smokiness. A faintly turpentinic element presents. Transitioning to the awaiting middle, mildly spicy cardamom infuses the spaghetti western blend with its aromatic, slightly sweet and nutty facets. A woody, violet-like iris also presents. And papyrus, with its withered grassy and light wood facets, serve as a undertone for the sweetening brew. Segueing to the waiting base, Virginia cedar, with its buttery, sweetly fresh, pencil shavings aspects, commingles with a candy-like violet. Majical ambrox imparts its velvety waves of ambergris and musk. A near saccharine drydown ensues. This high-quality composition has average, radiating projection and very good longevity. Albeit the base borders on being too sweet and artifical, I must respect the other stages of development. Resultantly, I am giving this an unenthusiastic "Thumbs Up" rating.
positive Love it! I was ready for another prentetious (and disappointing) release from the guys at LeLabo but Santal 33 is just amazing.

Opens with a transparent and very dry cardamom note joined by cedar and a light violet. Papyrus and iris follow right away adding a slightly green, sort of wet, note that's just perfect and preserves the fragrance from being too overpowering or too loud. In this phase Santal 33 introduces a moderatley sweet, subtle yet remarkable, fig/coconut accord that enhances the creamy undertones throughout while a nutty-woody sandalwood make its appearance to drive the fragrance towards the spicy-woody-ambery drydown. 

Personally I wouldn't classify this as a sandalwood prominent composition and while the main note is surely remarkable, the fragrance is so well blended and orchestrated to leave enough space to all the other elements to properly shine and play their roles.

While being definitely different, Santal 33 made me somehow think about Papyrus De Ciane, Jardins De Kerylos and Calamus (expecially just right after the opening). It doesn't exactly shares many similarities with the aforementioned fragrances but the papyrus note is not very distant from the transparent interpretation thant Guillame delivered in PDC while the fig/coconut accord is just as refined and sophisticated as the one in Jardins De Kerylos (even if definitely toned down in the LeLabo). Last but not least, I experience the same slight wet/green, sort of cardboard-like, vibe that I much enjoy in Calamus. Original, sophisticated and if moderately applied, very easy to wear. 

A big winner.

positive I wouldn’t categorize this one as a classic sandalwood scent. The sandalwood is there, but to me it isn’t the major player. This one has a very woody vibe to it, but in a different sense as to me it seems like a “bark” like note is the major player. I’m not sure how to describe it other than that as I haven’t smelled anything quite like it before. Maybe it is the ambrox. Maybe there is some guaiac wood in there, but the cedarwood isn’t really what I’m smelling. In fact I get very little cedar from this and it is this other wood note that is the major player. This one is great from start to finish and is quite strong on me. Apply with caution. 

negative Genre: Woods

I didn’t think there was anything that could make me dislike sandalwood, but the fear and loathing inspired by the shrieking monstrosity of Le Labo’s sandalwood reconstruction just might do the trick. The name “Santal 33” alludes to 33 ingredients, but 32 of those are beaten into submission by a titanic brickbat of chemical “sandalwud” that has me opening the windows and bolting for the outdoors shortly after application. This stuff should come with a warning label. 

Santal 33 suffers especially for having been sampled alongside Dawn Spencer Hurwitz’s delightful Sandalo Inspiritu. The latter has been discontinued, no doubt because the true Mysore sandalwood at its heart is near-impossible to source. Smelling Santal 33 and Sandalo Inspiritu side by side demonstrates as well  as I can imagine the relative virtues of true Mysore sandalwood and its chemical surrogates. If it’s Australian sandalwood you crave (and I enjoy the stuff myself,) go for Maître Parfumeur et Gantier’s Santal Noble. Even in its reformulated guise, Santal Noble offers complexity, richness, and dignity that Le Labo comes nowhere near. 

negative I wanted to love this, but my opinion has been swayed by those around me. I don't think I've ever had so many comments - and unfortunately all negative.

"Where's that Pine-sol smell coming from?"
"Have you been lying on a dog bed? You smell like cedar."
"What were you wearing last night? It gave me a head-ache." (And that's after wearing it all day - longevity this has, I admit.)

The stark contrast to the other opinions here made me think that there was a problem with the bottle split I have... (Maybe I should buy sampler to verify.) 


neutral I get iris, leather, sandalwood throughout the wearing as this is a very linear scent on my skin. I don't get any of the spiciness of cardemom. However, I also pick up on the slightly watery, cucumber note. You can tell that quality synthetic materials were used, but it's still hard for me to get past the obvious synthetic undertones of most of the Le Labo scents I've tried so far. The only Le Labo scents where that doesn't bother me is Patchouli 24, Labdanum 18 and Neroli 36, but I'm looking forward to testing the rest of the Le Labo samples I have. If you like iris and leather this is a scent to consider. I'm enjoying Santal 33, but I won't be needing a full bottle.
neutral On paper I smell a lot of sandalwood ("you don't say!"), cedar and herbal/balsamic accords. Really pleasant, woody as a nordic, white/grey woody house. Makes me think of one of those marketing photoshooting you can find in Ikea catalogues.

6/10
neutral Another unexpected development for a Le Labo concoction and have to say that the surprise was notable for me. This is above all an intoxicating, than powdery and finally silky fragrance in my vocabulary, a sort of prickly amber-saffron-dusty papyrus-talky violet-powdery woods (sandalwood and cedarwood) concoction conjuring me at the beginning some more sweety fragrances as Le Male (more watery, musky, soapy and bombastic) and Escada Magnetism for Men (which with Santal 33 shares amber, leather, pepper, sandalwood, cedarwood and other elements) but in a far more natural way (despite an obscure touch of medicinal here at the beginning of the trip). The general powder is velvety, silky, vaguely shadowy and with nuances of musk, nuts, smooth iris, violets, paper, figs (i effectively detect a sort of almost acid smell of figgy resins) and suede. There is ergo something almost tropical in the blend, a sort of figgy, gingery, aromatic, grassy, "seaweeds type" and milky (lymphatic milk i mean) resinous touch conjuring in a while (becoming the smell progressively more elusive) juices a la Salvatore Ferragamo Pour Homme, Battistoni Marte Arte or Costume National Homme (but in a dustier way). Anyway, effectively the main aroma of the powder is a molecular sandalwood surrounded by dozens of swirling nuances some of which are woody, some spicy, others ambery, edible, soapy, floral and botanic. Really enveloping ambery/figgy chypre concretely modern and youthful, in my opinion possibly appealing to the younger crowd.
neutral I really have always wanted to like this, and I'm enthused reading other reviews about how busy this scent is. I've worn it off and on, but I find this scent hard to place. Sometimes I like it, other times I want it to go away. I suspect that papyrus is what I'm picking up most, but I don't know that scent and I find it difficult to specifically pick out anything else over time. It seems a bit woody/herby and dry on me. It does last a long time and has decent projection, however.

I still try this out regularly, particularly in the warmer months, because I still really want to like it.
neutral Frank Voelkl's Santal 33 has two principal accords: an altostratus of violet, iris and cardamom, and this hovering above a groundwork of sandalwood, papyrus and cedar. The violet cloud is mellow and Ambroxan-sweetened; the woodland beneath is dry and pungent, being Australian – rather than Indian – sandal. In between lies a strange, fruity-creamy ether of black tea, desiccated coconut, leafy sap, fresh figs, and all manner of notes that are likely an unfortunate side effect of this loss in altitude. 

I gave up trying to reconcile its distinct layers long ago. For preference, I'd plant my feet firmly on the ground and breathe in the leather-bound book accord. However I spend most of the time trying not to be made queasy by the ozonic, uncomfortably sweet violet – which, unfortunately, is backed by some hardcore musks and far outlives the cracking leather effect. 

This stuff is easy to wear, but I wish I could subtract about half of its 33 constituent parts.
positive This is a nice scent, but I do think I could only pull it off on special occasions. It starts with a burst of green leaves, reminiscent to Elephant by Zoologist. Both are a bit too sharp for my tastes. However, within 15min it sweetens and the floral notes develop, they are rich and ripe. Not quite indolic but teetering on the edge. Then after about an hour that edge wears off and is replaced by creamy coconut. Not as beachy as something like Soleil Blanc but still a little sun-creamy. I love how the fragrance develops like an expedition: starting in the deep thickets of jungle, following a flower-lined riverbed, all the way to the beach. 

It's unisex but leans a bit feminine. So I think I could only make it work in either formal occasions or on vacation. So for that reason (and the price) I don't think I'd ever get a bottle. I also really like beachy fragrances so I wouldn't mind something more coconutty all the way through. Really cool to try though, worth a sample for sure.
positive Beautiful flowers like tuberose, jasmine, ylang-ylang and orange blossom. The tuberose is the Queen of this fragrance. The sweetness of coconut and a citric/musky background. Pure love from me, lasts a long time and is a complement getter.    
positive Beautiful but Enormously Overpriced Take on the Legendary Fracas.

Notes: Tuberose, Eucalyptus, Coconut, Jasmine, Orange Blossom, Melon, Ylang-Ylang, White Musk, Bergamot.

I was gifted a sample of Carnal Flower recently, and I liked it so much that I purchased a full bottle from a very reputable retailer. I do not know how old was the sample gifted me, but I now suspect that it must have been a few years old because the perfume in the full bottle does not seem to be as rich and complex as is the sample, and to my surprise given its price point, its performance is moderate at best. With an amazing six spritzes, projection and sillage were only mild to good for the first hour, and then it very quickly turned into a skin scent. Longevity was also mild to good at roughly four hours. After having read so many reviews that claimed only 1-2 spritzes provided massive projection and sillage for an entire day and half the night or more, I am very disappointed in Carnal Flower's performance. 

Carnal Flower is a very beautiful perfume, but having worn Fracas many times, I did not find Carnal Flower to be at all unique or even very different from Fracas, and given its mediocre performance, I could not recommend it over Fracas. Perhaps Carnal Flower's lack lustre performance is due to reformulation? Perhaps the fragrance in the original formulation only required 1-2 spritzes to last all day and half the night as some reviewers have stated, but this is not true of the fragrance in my brand new bottle. After 3-4 hours, Carnal Flower is only barely perceptible on my skin, and it smells so similar to Fracas that I find it redundant to have it my collection. 

If you love and own Fracas, you can probably live without Carnal Flower. It is undoubtedly a beautiful tuberose-centric fragrance, but I do not feel it is worth its price point even if you do not already own Fracas. You can buy roughly three 100ml bottles of Fracas for what it costs to purchase one 50ml bottle of Carnal Flower. In my opinion, Carnal Flower is simply not worth the inflated price. Fracas is just as gorgeous and performs equally as well if not better. 

I am sorry to say it, but I find Carnal Flower to be little more than a Fracas clone. Madonna's Truth or Dare is also a take on Fracas, but Truth or Dare is dissimilar enough to Fracas to be quite distinguishable in its own right, and it costs significantly less than Fracas which costs significantly less than Carnal Flower, so for those on a strict budget, I suggest purchasing Truth or Dare. If you can afford Fracas, forget Truth or Dare and purchase Fracas instead as it is of a higher quality and is a more beautiful fragrance. Either way, Truth or Dare or Fracas, there is no need to pay almost $300 for a 50ml bottle of Carnal Flower unless you want it for the brand name prestige. 

Fragrance: 8.75/10

Projection: 6/10 (first hour only)

Sillage: 6/10 (first hour only)

Longevity: 5/10

Presentation: 5/10
positive An austere green tuberose, polished and exquisite, brainy and rather brusque. I don't find it carnal or sensual but for me that is leather...
positive A beautifully stunning fragrance. One of the finest perfumes I have ever tried. Great longevity and projection. At first I thought it was too feminine and then I realized that with something this good gender should never come into it. I have chosen to own a decant rather than a full bottle as I only want to keep this for special occasions. Not an everyday fragrance for me! 




positive Much has been said about the realism and freshness of this fragrance, and I don't have much to add on that score - except to say that Carnal Flower's freshness is not about soap or naivete, but rather the just-cut essence of stalk and bloom. It really is like walking into a florist's refrigerated room, or strolling through a garden alive with white flowers.
There is a lovely green note that prevents Carnal Flower from sliding into sweet sentimentality - it retains its character right through the drydown. Along with Fracas (Piguet) and Tubereuse Criminelle (Lutens), Carnal Flower is among my top three current favorite tuberose perfumes (for vintage, nothing comes close to L'Heure Bleue).
positive Gorgeous, arguably the best of the Malle line.

Tuberose perfumes are notoriously temperamental, often unpleasantly screeching for attention.  But Carnal Flower gets everything just perfect.  At its heart, it's tuberose, but deftly combined with gorgeous orange blossom, rich creamy ylang, and jasmine.  There's a light, powdery sparkle as well, but the real magic is the way it combines the tuberose's indoles with leafy greens and woods.  The end result is shamelessly floral, but with enough piquant woody undertones to achieve an achingly beautiful balance.

Absolutely required sniffing.
positive I love this. It smells wonderful. Contrary to what a few say, this is definitely "unisex". In fact, I think it smells best on a man! A masculine male wearing this scent is very attractive, even sexy. It's the contrast, you see. I can think of a couple French actors I’d love to smell this on. The fragrance will last on your shirts for days, and you’ll keep going back to your closet to smell your collar, just because :-)
positive Brightened up with a touch of bergamot, from the word "go" the star in the performance greets me: a beautiful tuberose, bright but intensive, rich but elegant, floral but not too sweet.  This beauty hardly displays any waxiness.  One of the most convincing tuberoses I have come across for a while. 

The drydown gains added depth and a slightly creamy character with the addition of nice ylang-ylang undertone, soon a white floral mix gains prominence, with a jasmine that at times is bearing gently woodsy characteristics.  It is, however, a lovely orange blossom that moves into foreground, but always combined with the starring tuberose, which remains prominent from beginning to the end, like an idée fixe in a work by Berlioz.  

This remains the core blend in the base, with some perfunctory white musks adding - not very much noteworthy.   

I get moderate sillage, very good projection and nine hours of longevity on my skin.  

A delicious evening spring scent on account of supreme and brilliant tuberose and the very nice orange blossom - the rest is mere accompaniment only.  3.75/5.  
positive Very floral with announced jasmine. If you like honey tones, this might be it!
positive lauded as The tuberose scent here, I decided to try carnal flower after I fell hard for another tuberose delight: Tom Ford's orchid soleil.

Turns out my tuberose tolerance lies just before this fragrance. It's absolutely beautiful, but somehow a bit too much for me. I now understand why people find tuberose headache inducing: it's a particularly strong note.

Smelling the vial (I do that, don't judge), it smelled absolutely heavenly, and it had a tinge of something green through the wonderful white flowers. On my skin, however, the tuberose developed in all its glory, with that kind of a plasticy/rubbery feel to it that some people describe as typical for this flower. 

Like others have stated before me, this perfume is big as a house. Luckily, when I applied it I stopped after the first spritz, otherwise it would surely have overwhelmed me. The scent projects and lingers full throttle for at least 5 hours, and whenever I moved my left hand I got this big waft of it. Weirdly enough, I like this scent better when I smell it up close than when I smell it as a cloud that envelopes me.

In all, I think for now this perfume may have a tendency to wear me, instead of me wearing it, so I'll save the rest of my tester for those special occasions when I want to feel like a total diva. Only Marilyn Monroe could wear this scent in a professional setting. For an everyday tuberose I'll stick to my orchid soleil.


positive i really like it when things smell almost rotten.ripe.white flowers.i cant get enough .that little bit of musk is just enough to butch it up.
intoxicating!
positive Touch of nice green notes in the opening, and peeks of melon towards the top, but overall a white floral fragrance. It's a mixture of ylang, orange blossom and tuberose. It doesn't have the oily tuberose present in Nuit de Tuberose. The orange blossom is full, but not particularly indolic; it's not the fresh orange blossom in Houbigant's fragrance. The ylang is present in a custard-y type of way. It's a beautiful blend, but I prefer fragrances that particularly focus on those individual scents versus presenting them together. 
positive For me, this is an earthy floral scent, and though the effect has been seductive (judging from male comments ;D), to me, it just feels like "me." This is my everyday scent, and I put it on the same way I put on mascara and lipgloss instead of full face of makeup. Just an enhancement. It's light and delicious, enhancing, but still natural. On the other hand, it's unusual and striking without being overbearing... I'd like to think that describes me as well. :)

CF definitely has a commanding presence, but on me, it's like that person who you notice from across the room just because there's something intense, different, and alluring about them, even though they're not saying a word. Commanding, yes, but not loud or ostentatious. CF has great warmth, but it doesn't start off that way. The bergamot cuts through the indole, but 15-30 minutes in, that "carnal" note tries to surface, but never quite makes it above the melony coconut, and even those two notes are light. The floral is present throughout and even though that indole is struggling to show out, its presence definitely puts this in the intoxicating category without straying into the icky, dirty underpinnings zone that has put me off to pure animalic florals.

My favourite thing about this fragrance is that I've never smelled anything like it and it's *so* pretty and lush. Not quite green, but definitely at home in a rainforest. It's tropical but not cliche and does just fine in the PNW summer. I just wish it lasted longer on my dry skin. That said, I did shell out $$$ for this, and will again. It's the first perfume that I'd ever had that, "oh my gosh, YES" reaction to. Would that I could afford to stock up, as it's the one bottle that I've managed to empty the fastest...

Wherever I go, people ask, "oh my god, what smells so good?!" I've gotten used to telling people, "it's me!" Haha!
positive I truly adore this scent. I only wish it would stick around on me longer than a few hours. 

I was surprised that a scent with such a dramatic name would smell so...gentle. I'm not disappointed, though! I had hesitated making this purchase - I only bought the 10 ml bottle. I was concerned it would be overwhelming - but it really is a lovely natural tuberose. 

I'm planning to experiment with spraying this on a piece of clothing. Perhaps it will last longer? 

Overall, a wonderful composition, with a bit less longevity than I 
would prefer. 

Update: I decided to dive in and purchase a full bottle of this heady scent. I searched until I found a bottle of an older formulation, and I hope this solves my longevity issues. If not, I suppose I can always swap...

2nd Update - I wore this today, and got 6 hours of good wear before I showered. I'm considering this a keeper! I'm wondering if weather has anything to do with the longevity...anyway, love it, keeping it!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

3rd Update - This is one of my very favorites - on my second bottle - this time it's a 100 ml. 
positive Rich creamy tuberose on a sandal coconutie base. Smells summer and beach :)
positive My sample of Carnal Flower sat in my sample box, unloved and untested, for a whole year. I kind of fear tuberose, you see. It brings back unwelcome associations for me between the sleek, buttery smell of tuberose blooms in vases and rich ladies who lunch in hotels.

I used to work in one such hotel – Kelly’s Hotel in Rosslare Strand (Irish people will know it).  Don’t get me wrong – the hotel was, and still is, a great place and the owners are wonderful. But never was I so aware of my lowly socio-economic status as when I stepped through the revolving doors into the tuberose-scented air of that hotel.

Over time, the smell of tuberose became linked in my mind with rich people, carpets so deep your heels sink into them, and the indefinable smell of wealth in the air. My prejudice is wholly my own, of course – it only means that I have an inferiority complex. But I am careful about tuberose because I am only human and don’t want to deliberately trigger those feelings.

I needn’t have worried about Carnal Flower. It’s less of the ‘wealthy hotel air’ smell of hothouse tuberoses and more botanical, earthy, natural in feel – like walking through a swampy field of tuberose stalks. It is a smell rooted in nature and not in something man-made. 

The opening notes are luridly green and camphoraceous, and every time I get a mental image of the waxy leaves of a privet hedge and the stalks of the tuberose being crushed and offered to me to smell. The freshness is a surprise, every time, and it moves me. Slightly bitter, sappy, and evergreen, I wish it could last forever; it’s that intoxicating to my senses.

Eventually, the opening dies back and a creamy tuberose is revealed. To my relief, it is not the butter-and-candy disco flower of my worst nightmares (hello Fracas!), but a cool and restrained take on the infamous bloom. It is creamy, yes, but not overblown.  

Hints of coconut and white musk round out the floral element. Although I like the opening more, I also quite like this last phase, especially in the heat, because the tuberose and coconut give off a natural, salty beach feel. 

Despite the marketing and the name, I don’t find Carnal Flower to be sexy in the slightest. In my opinion, it is simply a tuberose presented in the most botanical, natural way possible. I think Carnal Flower does a brilliant job of showcasing the headiness of the flower as it appears in nature, and not in a hothouse environment, and for that alone, I will always love it. Will I need a whole bottle of it? Nah. But a vial of it to smell every now and then would be nice.
positive Salutation.
Like a heavenly aphrodisiac.this scent is bound to turn heads.the very essence of white flowers especially tuberose and jasmine,it is unisex but i found it the the most feminine of scents,so i can't imagine a man wear it.CARNAL FLOWER is a sensual woman who loves to take control of the opposite sex with one scent.It is simply wonderful and the scent lasts all day. Enticingly Magnetic, Highly Sophisticated,Emotively Carnal and Absolutely Gorgeous.

It begins as a very hedy floral with tuberose note prominent, jasmine and ylang ylang are beautifully blended.a sensual blend of coconut and white musk in the base leaves a trail of allure and glamour.this mixture provide a unique and definite "signature" perfume and meant for a confident woman who knows her own mind.I must recommend this scent to ladies who love LONG LASTING floral scents that are sensual and intense,without being too prominently clingy to or getting beneath your skin.it makes you feel very elegant in special occasions.

Sillage?Ok.

Longevity?Great on my skin.

7.75/10

positive I'm not a fan of floral fragrances but this one is definitely the best that I've tested by far.
When you spray this on your skin and start smelling it for the first time It's like walking through a mysterious gate in a desert middle of nowhere that teleports you right into a meadow in high heaven while you're surrounded with angels and billions of tuberose all over the place!
The opening is a very beautiful and extremely natural aroma of tuberose while you can smell the green feeling of grasses and also the earth beneath your foot and extremely fresh air of this meadow.

You just start walking and while you're walking you start breaking the tuberose stems and at the same time you can smell the green bitterness aura of their stems.
In the mid scent gets slightly sweet but I can also feel a bitter green aroma beside it that increases the natural feeling of the scent and as time passes it gets stronger and stronger.

In the base I'm still getting the same airy fresh tuberose smell but more bitter and more green also slightly spicy and kind of peppery.
The interesting part is while I'm smelling it, I can taste the green bitterness of it also inside my mouth which is a new and very strange experience!
An extremely natural and peaceful scent.
Projection is strong and longevity is 12 hours plus without any problem.
positive Genre: Floral

An absolutely gorgeous fragrance. This is sumptuous, seductive, and yet somehow chaste, with the slightly bitter tuberose perfectly balanced by the sweet ylang-ylang, orange blossom and white musk. All of this floral richness is cut with a subtle, but still sharp eucalyptus and some fresh green notes. Coconut is a very difficult note for me, but this is the most elegantly handled coconut I've come across. It's beautifully integrated with the softest, smoothest sandalwood you can imagine. Altogether, this is a soothing and contemplative scent that could easily send me into a state of reverie.

Carnal Flower is focused and somewhat linear until its creamy, musky, sandalwood drydown. I find it quite potent, with considerable sillage and projection. I originally purchased this scent for my wife, but she liked it much better on me than on herself! It took time to screw up the courage, but I now wear Carnal Flower comfortably in public. The austere aspects of the scent and its green accents make it more unisex than you'd imagine a tuberose scent could be.


negative I spect a beautiful summer acent , but I smell this before ,,,, in a Bath and Body counter 

I thing the 10 ml gonna last forever 
negative Memories: rubbish and great aunties.

Who should wear this: The Witch of the Waste from Miyazaki's Howl's Moving Castle. I can't believe Mila Kunis wears this.

Bottom line: This was selected as my signature scent by the team at Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle. They made a mistake.


negative I pretty much couldn't agree more with Yellowtone's review, even down to the fact that it seems to smell better if you stick your nose to it than when it arrives in wisps.  
The scent was the definition of cloying and sickeningly sweet on my skin.  I think "Poison" left a similar impression.  It does conjure up an image of something nefarious, either poisonous or rotten.  
Projection is great, as is longevity, but not a scent for me.  
negative not unisex at all, very feminine to say the least, radiant tuberose opening which very shortly cut into white flowers, modest sillage and... absolutely overpriced and overhyped!
negative I tried this with high hopes, but was really disappointed. 

The scent lingering on the bottle hinted at a tantalising dream, as did the described notes.

What I got on my skin however, was a really strong, rubbery white floral, with no relief provided by the coconut, bergamot or orange blossom. This scent made me think of death and embalming fluid, and whilst not vile enough to warrant scrubbing away, I found it thoroughly unpleasant. This is unusual for me, as it's usually scents that make me feel sick or give me a headache that I categorise as unpleasant.

This lasted on my skin for some time, and projected well, but really wasn't for me.
negative Hello! I'll just jump right into this perfume then... I feel very much like I don't belong here. If you ask me what, or where "here" is, I won't have any answer for you.  Where is my world? I feel so lonely, so eager to go home! But where is my home? I feel lonelier than before... I'm not sure how to explain this, but I feel like this perfume is out there somewhere that I haven't yet reached. I feel like I might be an alien, but I'm not sure that is even possible to reach this fragrance. Oh, oh!  I'm an alien, I'm a human alien, I’m a perfumer in Milan… I have lived a carnal life, I have eaten a carnal bread, I always listen carnal music, and I sleep dreaming carnal dreams with carnal instinct… I have a problem, I can’t reach this perfume! I know I’m a carnal alien, this a carnal trouble, and this perfume is a carnal marketing! So, why? Where? What? 
...

Vulcan Council President: “You have surpassed the expectations of your instructors. Your final perfume is flawless, with one exception: I see that you have applied to Starfleet as well.”

Spock: “It was logical to cultivate multiple options. Aren’t they carnal ones?”

Vulcan Council President: “Logical, but unnecessary. You are hereby accepted to the Vulcan Science Academy. It is truly remarkable, Spock, that you have achieved so much despite your disadvantage.” 

All rise. Even Spock is carnal! 
CARNAL FLOWER for very disadvantaged flowers!
This reviewer may have conflicts of interest

neutral Potent, heady jasmine opening. Immediately calms down into flowery aldehyde (tuberose? green?). Neroli/orange blossom. Like actual fresh cut flowers from the greenness. Drydown pretty linear; aldehyde-like note softens a bit, more of a soft floral, but basically the same. Further drydown still fairly linear but a bit more of the green. After a couple of hours it's pretty faint but still present.
neutral Admittedly not a big fan of white florals but while I don't find it unpleasant, Carnal Flower does not really do anything for me.
neutral A nicely done perfume about heavy flowers in full bloom, a bit heavy and dense and on the verge of going 'rotten'. A light coconut note (which I dislike) goes with it and some fresh smelling flowers (narcissus?), which I do like and make it more wearable. I would recommend to sample this one first. Personally I think it is well done, but I don't want to smell like those heavy flowers in bloom, you now smell in spring for more then 10 seconds. 
neutral A big green tuberose mixed with jasmine - Turin gave it four stars and tagged it a "shimmering floral."  He gets it right for once in both areas. These two mix with neroli, yang yang, bergamot and melon.

Initially, it comes across sharp and strong, unlike most tuberose scents that emphasize soft, creamy and warm.

What I don't like about it is the dry woody base that supports it - if the wood had a resinous quality (cedar, sandal) it would better match the green floral mix, but it doesn't. Since no wood materials are mentioned, I assume this effect comes form the eucalyptus. It was a mistake in my opinion, as it ruins what might have been a masterpiece.

So, half great, half common.  Hence, the neutral review.
positive Rich, charming and as the name fittingly states, "carnal" tuberose. Nothing "stunning", but surely a beautiful, bold and self-conscious fragrance.

7/10
positive Pure unadulterated tuberose at its best!
It is strong; parfum strength,but never too sweet or cloying.It has just the right amount of greenness and campherous notes to cut through the floral sweetness.

The longer I have it, the more versatile it seems to be.
However I love to wear it most on really hot summer days when it melts into the skin or on really crisp,sunny winter days when it seems to sparkle in the sun.

A very sophisticated white floral in my opinion.
positive Never seen before such a creativity effort on a niche white flower based fragrance, huge sillage and longevity btw	As far as I'm in love with tuberose fragrances and I really don't mind purchase and wear 'em whenever I fell like it (as I did with my beloved tubereuse criminelle ) , In this case this is to me just perfectly beautiful. It takes me on a different dimension and really connects me with the very concept behind this project, that I just want to contemplate it as you would do with a Michelangelo paint.It is quite expensive indeed, but sometimes you really shouldn't mind price when it comes to this quality.Pros: Dominique Ropion and Malle are just genious when put together, tuberouse is taken so far that you won't even call it just a tuberose perfume anymoreCons: Really, I can't find any negative aspect beside that could be very overwhelming which is a pros anyway IMO. Maybe too pricy? well maybe not
positive Sensual, ripe tuberose. If you haven't tried it, you should. I find it womanly, a very fleshy scent, but there is a case to be made for the right man to pull off the fragrance. It's quite strong, and doesn't settle into the drydown until a few hours after I've been wearing it. And even after that, it lasts several hours more. 
positive tuberose is perfect flower for scents, its strong, sweet and exotic, flower sent from heaven for women only :)
this here is the only tuberose scent that i know that could potentially be worn by men too!
it has this same quality of other FM(natural ingredients), smelling very naturaly, fresh and rich! jasmine and ylang yalng and eucaliptus make the difference with other tuberose scents!

reminded me a little bit of carolina herrera


positive Stunning. 10/10.  Masterpiece. 

I've always loved tuberose.  As a man (and acknowledging that fragrance molecules don't have a gender) I didn't think I could ever pull off wearing a tuberose-centric scent because they were always too sweet and/or screamed blinding white floral (hello Fracas!). 

With its bergamot and green-tinged edge (me thinks it's the eucalyptus) to keep the florals in check, a smidgen of coconut to soften and round things out (no worries, you won't smell like a tropical drink), melon and musk, it is perfection, bottled.  Dead sexy perfection. 

Men, if you're wondering if you can pull this off, the answer is "Yes. Absolutely."  The cost is a little high but in my opinion, it's worth every penny.  And you certainly won't smell like 10 other men you run into on your way to work.  Get yourself a sample.  You will not be disappointed. 

Update: 19 November, 2012: It's official. I'm an addict. A Carnal Flower addict.  I've been wearing it nonstop for a month now, neglecting every other bottle of fragrance in my relatively extensive (50+ bottles) collection. While I wear it for myself, receiving compliments (and inquires) from strangers every day is a nice bonus.  I rarely tell people what it is because I want to keep it all to myself.  Must. Acquire. Back up. Bottle.  And a jar of the 'beurre exquise'. Absolutely lovely. 


positive Oh. Oh....  Oh................ this is so lovely it's become my comfort perfume, the one I use after being disappointed by so many others.  It is simply beautiful, so different, so pure; it must be one of the best perfumes of the last 25 years. I put it on and I smile instantly; it's like being enveloped in tuberose cotton wool. I love its tenacity; so many modern perfumes just vanish from my skin. Nothing fruity here either, thank goodness; just jasmin and the wallop of that tuberose absolute with ylang ylang and orange blossom blending so sinuously, so sensually, making this a fragrance with no rough edges at all. The coconut-creaminess reminds me of gorse flowers. I didn't get eucalyptus and melon topnotes, but then, everything about this wonderful, wonderful fragrance is smooth, with no odd notes that appear 'trying to be different' or cool. I can really believe it took 2 years to create, you can 'feel' it. I found the scent deeply euphoric; it actually changed my mood. Everything in its place, perfectly balanced. Ropion must understand women down to their cells. I adore it! 
positive Carnal Flower opens with a beautiful, almost Eau de cologne-like opening blast of natural bergamot and mild citrus that is all too brief.  At that point the real floral assault begins with tuberose playing the starring role.  When I say assault I do not mean this in a bad way, but it is potent to be sure.  The base is a nice clean light musk that does not call attention to itself, mixing with the tuberose as it eventually recedes.  Projection is average to above average, but longevity is below average on my skin.

At first, the scent smelled very familiar to me but it took me a few hours into wearing it before I realized where I have either smelled it, or something similar to it before...  It was at one of the high end hotels in Las Vegas, where the scent of the casinos and guest rooms smelled of Carnal Flower.  Please do not take this as a slight to the scent, as it actually is a compliment...  That resort pumps scents like that into its money making areas for a reason...  It smells high class and incredible!  If you feel comfortable wearing non-rose florals, then this should definitely be on your buy list, IMO, as Ropion has another winner here.  On a lady in particular, I absolutely think this shines.  As for myself, I'll certainly purchase a bottle as the scent is definitely collection-worthy, but I generally would rather smell this on a lady than wear it myself.  I'll stick to rose scents for my own florals like Ropion's Portrait of a Lady.  Both scents are winners, however and this one earns 4 stars out of 5.
positive This is one of my new favorites. This is a serious scent with which you will make a statement - regardless of whether you wish to!

FM calls it a unisex scent. I agree, but you boys out there should know a few things. When it calms down it's definitely more unisex than when you initially spray it. The tuberose et. al. positively beat you with a bat upon application. This is a heady, heady, flowery juice. You will smell like flowers, and you'll need to be comfy with that! I definitely would NOT buy this without testing it first. And probably testing it a few times, at that!

I think it's fantastic stuff. Powerful. Distinct. Pushy. Gorgeous.
positive Thick, creamy, green, natural, vegetal, and completely enveloping. And it lasts forever! 
Pricey though...
positive It is official, I simply love tuberose. Such a yummy and softly note which express such a delicate idea. 
Right after the first spray I gotta a very evident jasmine note combined with a smooth and almost velvety 
tuberose note, but here in the opening this note is more like a vegetable(?) one if I may say, different from the creamy coconut vibe present since the begnning in By Kilian Beyond Love (which I adore, by the way). 

Through time the coconut note appears decreasing a little of that vegetable aspect of the tuberose in here and giving to this fragrance the creamy aspect that I love in Beyond love altough there are some differences between these two fragrances (but just a few ones).

Anyway, a solid well crafted fragrance that deserves praise! But will I consider a bottle of it? Maybe not since for me Beyond Love does a better job.
positive This  fragrance should not be judged quickly by anyone  since it reveals itself with time! ! ,Definitely UNISEX  & Definitely the  most green  rich and well crafted fragrance I have ever smelled.
positive This one hits!
If roses can shoot, then you find some in this bottle.
fits a multilayered personality, or when you're a bit unstable it will suit different moods.
Soft enough for a sofa flirt with someone you barely know,
complex enough for a difficult night out with a bunch of odd people
straight enough for professional encounters
spicy enough to party,
hard enough to hit.

the editions FM provoke...
in this case my appetite for seduction.

positive I have a tendency to write more often about fragrances I find fault with than ones I really like.  Why?  There's just more to say.  To get off my mind.  But at the risk of ending up with all my reviews being either neutral or thumbs down and looking like a curmudgeon or a crank I'm reviewing Carnal Flower a fragrance about which I can't say enough good things and so probably won't.  What praise has not already been heaped upon this wonderful perfume after all?  I got my first taste of CF at Barneys from an attractive SA who shot some on my bare arm.  Incredible.  Enchanting.  Deep.  Dreamy.  Enveloping.  A perfume that makes you close your eyes when you breath it in.  Is there anything bad that can be said about this fragrance?  A guy at work told me he smelled suntan lotion throwing a little shade on my perfumed reverie.  When I went back to Barneys to mooch another spritz from the attractive Frederic Malle SA I told her the suntan story.  "Uh...it's a little more sophisticated than suntan lotion," she said dryly.  She did smile when she said it.  The unisex question.  I've had guys tell me only a woman could pull off wearing it.  I've also had women tell me it smells to them like a guy's scent.  Makes me wonder if it's the suntan vibe.  I just won't wear it around my mother.
positive Many reviewers and fond of fragrances talk about the seductive and almost hypnotic power of the highly sensual and feminine flower of tuberose, element that we admired in Organza as in Amarige, in Fracas as well in Tuberose Criminelle and in many others creations around. This kind of tuberose, the Carnal Flower's tuberose, effectively is by now taking the world by storm because this is not a sort of already tested creamy/poudre or milky tuberose but on the contrary a sort of quite vegetable, sultry, camphoraceous and all at once animalic kind of scent with all its carnal contribute of eroticism and exoticism. The presence of starring tuberose is high in concentration and its combination with greens, eucalyptus, neroli, ylang-ylang, coconut, fruits and may be civet is tremendously warm and encompassing your senses. The sensual and voluptuous power of this fragrance is really impressive, almost edible (carnal), quality of raw materials  notable, projection is terrific. The initial whiff is quite green, yet exotic with its mellony and slightly orangy facets,  becoming in a while hightly projecting and aromatic because of a sort of camphoraceous and slightly balsamic temperament that is airy, slightly powdery and quite aromatic. This initially airy whiff quite soon evolves towards a violently sensual chord of neroli, ylang-ylang, coconut and towards a tuberose-jasmine link too erotic to be us not captured by. The final bed, being not kind of buttery but sort vegetal/green, as based on coconut and soft musk, preserves all the natural sensuality of tuberose and the raw green materials which bloom up in all their natural and carnal-animal power. One of the most visceral floral fragrances out there.
positive So interesting this Carnal Flower...and surprising. Such a unique green opening, unexpected. This is a fragrance that goes in it's own green direction with tuberose. 
More masculine than Fracas, but just as rich. There is no candy violet accord here, but still a touch of powder. This is a one of a kind, very nice. 
positive I am not a great judge of women's fragrances for sure. But I did check this out because it seemed so intriguing. First observation. A few drops on the back of my hand has me coughing and asthmatic. Second, I cannot fathom how anyone would find this a suitable fragrance for a man. Third, there is a suntan lotion vibe here, mostly because of the coconut,undoubtedly. 

Otherwise, I find this to be an amazingly potent, sweet, luxurious, but 2 note fragrance. It could be quite beautiful applied lightly and gently wafting off the skin of a beautiful woman. Because it is so purely floral and sweet, it is subject to over application, I would bet. Not sure how sexy I really find it. I need to sneak some onto an unsuspecting woman and see what I think. It is probably too floral for the women in my life.
positive This has to be the most rich, well crafted fragrance I have ever smelled in my life. If I only had one fragrance that I could wear for the rest of my life I think I would choose this one. The silliage on this frag is unbelievable and this was just a 5ml sample!! I will be ordering this this week. A MUST HAVE in any fragrance lovers collection whether you like florals or not.
positive Love this frag! tropical vibe, a lot of tuberose essential oil under control (may tuberosey frags fall in the buttery sweet category) and with the right amount of coconut, jasmine and eucaliptus to make it unique.

Good sillage and longevity. Too pricey though :(

One of the best nonetheless!
positive If many of the smells of nature are a kind of chemical chitchat between plants and animals, with Carnal Flower we are surely eavesdropping on a magnificent chorus. The beginning and end of this fragrance are a lavish ensemble of tuberose, jasmine and orange blossom, but there is also a green airiness to the whole thing, with an accord like sugar snap peas and a powerful eucalyptus note too, that ensures Dominique Ropion an almost messianic status for people like me who have been traumatised by their mothers wielding the tyrannically inconsiderate Dior Poison. The volume of Carnal Flower is unusually restrained for a tuberose scent (indeed I find it strange that Turin and Sanchez list Carnal Flower as one of their ten Best Loud Fragrances, along with Fracas and Poison) and the quality of the materials is exceptional. This stuff smells so good that it makes moot any questions about gender or occasion appropriateness, fiscal responsibility, or the need for prose. 
positive Someone says "money don't make the difference", but sometimes they really make it and Carnal Flower is here to confirm it. This is the most evident result of how expensive raw materials can do in perfumery: really good. A luxurious, rich and straght in the face tuberose / floral compisition for people who like to show off and know how to do it with class. This is a very dangerous territory that can easly cross the border of vulgarity, but Mr. Ropion has magistrally balanced Carnal Flower to become a sublime blast of opulence. Solid and beautiful.
positive This is a powerful floral that transcends gender specification and positions itself as a fresh, floral, warm weather scent.  At times it smells as if you are walking through a field of flowers, the scent is that identifiably natural.  If spring could be bottled, this is it.  It is a fresh flower smell that includes the pungent aroma of the stem, leaves, and even a bit of fresh laid soil.  It is certainly a fragrance that can be worn by anyone, at anytime.  But, it truly opens up in warm weather.  I received a sample in the mail on Saturday and ordered a bottle on Sunday.  It is certainly a profound, head turning, floral fragrance which is tough to not appreciate.
positive Yummm... 

this is... truly something. 












negative I really wanted to like this!  I'm a fan of carnal frags, and thought the name of this was just wonderful.  But the coconut just ruins it for me.  Smells like that old Hawaiin Tropic sun tan oil.  Yeccch!

neutral I cannot deny the quality and the richness of this perfume, but while wearing it I couldn't stop thinking: I would rather be wearing Richard James EdT.
The similarities are clear, but while RJ EdT es much more versatile, it is also a lot more virile and complex, Carnal Flower is more limited, it is a lot more feminine and simple.
The vetiver/sandalwood/tobacco/patchouli drydown gives a masculine edge to RJ EdT that CF lacks
Again, it is a  stunning fragrance that I would have love if it wasn't by the fact that Richard James EdT  beats CF at the finish line
For that simple reason I cannot give a thumbs up to this scent
neutral For my personal taste Carnal flower is not green enough and very feminine, well very floral that's for sure. To me it's a very realistic recreation of the smell you get when you walk through a street with lots of tuberose bushes on the sidewalks. That somewhat creamy thick flowery smell in hot air. Carnal flower is very well blended because none of the notes stand out. It all becomes one flower with the eucalyptus giving the natural smell of leaves and stalks. I don't get any bergamot or melon per se but when you know it is in there, it does make sense.
I would have been interested in something less impressionistic.
More green herbs, more eucalyptus, more playfulness and contradictions would have lifted Carnal flower to another level.

neutral White musk with the smell of orange juice coupled with a flowery aroma is what I get on the opening. As time goes on I can detect a melon/coconut scent that seems to mix in with the white musk just fine and even calm it.

 Ohh god whats this, I can detect a jarring chemical smell sticking out of the heart of the fragrance. This must be the tuberose and it ruins the scent for me as its sharp and sour also this fragrance is just to feminine for me. Though its a nice scent it is scarred by the tuberose. 
neutral I think tuberose is not for me and will always be "women's scent" for my taste, can't really understand the unisex vibe. For the fragrance's performance, it is really an atomic bomb, has great staying power and sillage. Must try before buy.
neutral This in some way smells like what some old lady would wear..though I can't describe for you in any detail how. 
As well this to me smells quite a bit too feminine for a man (and I have quite a thing for floral fragrances etc)... Maybe it is that those frags I own and like, which are quite verging on the feminine, are more provocative in a less classical way than this one. This is pretty old school a fragrance I believe.
 And as for provocative I don't think CF is that at all.
I mean I really think it smells good, intoxicating in some way yes...but like I said.
Everyone has biases and such, when fragrances are concerned,  in so many ways, something cultural, something your mother wore  you didn't quite like and so on and so forth.... Clearly, since I doubt everyone here is 40+ year old ladies.

Don't buy the hype though. ; D Une Fleur de Cassie, and Portrait of a Lady I find the best "floral/feminine" from this house any guy could wear..well.
neutral I'm going slightly against the grain here. Admittedly, Carnal Flower is a fine rendition of the tuberose flower and I wore all of the sample I received. However, Dominique Ropion hasn't called it 'Carnal' for nothing. There is a hint of 'decadence' here, which equates to a slightly overblown or overripe note, probably within the musks, which harks back to some of the famous 'classics'. It's a small caveat but worth mentioning. I'll stick to 'Beyond Love' for my floral fix. 
positive This fragrance is, quite simply, stunningly beautiful. It was love before l even opened the vial, as l could already smell the freshest of blooms coming from it. l was apprehensive about the eucalyptus note, but on my skin it just drifts in & out momentarily, serving only to provide a coolness & greenness to the star player, an incredibly fresh tuberose with its' stems & leaves intact. The coconut also plays a subtly supporting role, & l don't detect the melon at all. The sillage is very good but never overpowering, & it lasts for many hours. Wearing it makes me feel like a beautiful, rain-soaked flower all day. lt's very high quality, & despite the price this is firmly on my wishlist. Along with Fracas & Beyond Love, this is one of my favourite tuberose scents, & l think they are sufficiently different to make owning all three worthwhile! lt works in any kind of weather, & l would love to smell this on a man!
positive Oh, it’s beautiful, all right. A clean and pure floral note with tuberose in the lead and jamine in support—these are genuinely superb notes, and the artistic structure and refinement are impeccable. I don’t get anything but florals in the opening and I don’t get any coconut in the base. I get tuberose, jasmine, orange blossom, and musk. No doubt about it, it’s gorgeous. I find Carnal Flower very linear; that it doesn’t have a lot of sillage, and that it lasts…incredibly. Several reviewers have said that this fragrance can easily be worn by a man; I can agree with that because, on paper, it doesn’t strike me as being especially feminine, but from its performance on my skin it turns a little too much in the distaff direction for me to be comfortable with wearing it. Regardless of its gender direction, I’m no fan of florals on myself, but there's no getting around it: This is an excellent fragrance, and it certainly deserves a thumbs way up. 

Originally submitted 24 May 2007, Taiwan
positive Green, carnivorous, sun-warmed, creamy, camphoric, unisex.Like walking hand-in-hand with your favorite friend through the Hollywood Hills on a warm, balmy summer night when the air is heavy with white, night-blooming flowers.Carnal Flower captures all the narcotic, swoony beauty of a tuberose flower without smelling exactly or exclusively of one. 
positive First impressions my butt!  If you see my first review of Carnal Flower you'll know exactly what I mean.  But, I gave it another try, and I "got" it.  Well I didn't just get it, I fell dizzyingly in love with it!This is tuberose in all her shimmering glory.  All the notes you've heard about are there: the camphorous, chilling opening, the crush of living foliage threaded through the tuberose heart, the coconut quivering about the edges with a musk so crystalline "white" doesn't do it justice; more like platinum.Carnal Flower is more than a masterpiece, more than an icon.  It is pleasure in a bottle.  It is explosively gorgeous.  Carnal Flower is just perfection.
positive I was taking a walk the other day and was hit by a brief wonderful waft of fresh tuberose blooms. I wish the scent had stayed. My instant thought was Carnal Flower. Being a Fracas gal, at first Carnal Flower seemed tame and well behaved to me but it's gorwn on me over the past year into love . Dominique Ropion is a genius. Crisply cool slightly mentholated ,wintergreen opening - described accurately by many - like the inside of a florist's fridge .Fresh green dewy stems and then the tuberose opens up , lush and realistic - just like the tuberose flowers I smelt on my walk .I read that Carnal Flower takes about two hours to fully develop though it seems to take a much shorter time to reach 'full bloom' on me.It becomes a huge fresh bunch of tuberose flowers and it's happy, sunny, joyful. Sexy too ......like buttery warm slightly sweet/saltish skin. The coconut,melon and juicy fruit note are not too perceptible - they seem to be there to round out this perfume but never interfering .Once Carnal Flower blooms - it's almost linear which is fine by me. I just want the tubeorse to last and last with no interference!I find that lasting strength is average to good and sillage is moderate to good. This is not a monster tuberose to me and it turns subtly delicious- always there but quietly weaving its tuberose spell .There is no relation ,in smell or character, to Fracas which is so complex, sweet, slightly powdery and strong. Carnal Flower is a new classic. Thank goodness for Frederic Malle. 
positive This is some potent everlasting juice.  It's a bit on the tangy green side until it winds down a little.  But make no mistake, this is a massive floral bomb.  And it accomplishes this without being powdery.  Notes list citrus up on the top, but I don't get much of it.  Carnal Flower is devoid of fruitiness which is why I was testing it out, in the attempt to find pure florals.  The other florals I put this up against was Datura Noir, and Narcisse Noir.  Datura Noir is less loud, richer, smoother.  Narcisse Noir is higher pitched, more feminine, and ultimately more sexy to me.  Neither one can compete with Carnal Flower's nuclear lasting power.
positive Carrying the weight of a full green canopy, carnal flower shimmers near the forest floor, lit  to perfection by a bright pollen rich shaft of light it is a steamy moist, warm and lucious soliflore. Far from overbearing it gently draws you in and seduces. Absolutely dizzying yet easily approachable. A bit of a siren to be sure but respond to its heavenly song and you will be rewarded. Life affiming and Joyous you can't help but smile at its Beauty and its generous invitation to the party. In these terms gender seems immaterial. This is for everyone. Genius.
positive A dizzy and inebriating fragrance. Wearable for a man due to its subtle construction. Don't ask me how it can have great longevity,  sillage, opulence and still be subtle. Contact mastermind Dominique Ropion and ask him.Nevertheless, I think this works far, far better on a woman.Unless of course you're an androgynous rock star---see my review of Fracas.Did i mention that I like tuberose?
positive Stunning. Timeless. Elegant and 100% Feminine. The scent is called "Carnal Flower" but it should be called "A beautiful woman"One of the most beautiful floral fragrances ever made. By far the most lush, warm and powerful tuberose I have ever encountered!
positive WOW! Is there anyone out there who takes a sniff of CARNAL FLOWER and walks away less than impressed? No more than a handful I'll wager. Dominique Ropion has clearly brought out his A-game to bear on this one for this is a modern reference floral, albeit tuberose-centric with sinus-clearing property as a hidden benefit. Potent stuff! Btw am I the only one who feels it bears more than a passing resemblance to Caron Tabac Blond's amazing opening? I suppose this could be marketed as a unisex fragrance but as someone pointed out earlier, it's not something an average man would wear. Which suits me just fine 'cuz there's nothing remotely average about this scent. A showstopper.
positive Frederic Malle Carnal FlowerMost of the fragrances I wear I get them on the first wear and subsequent wears rarely expose something I miseed on the first sniff. There are far fewer fragrances that are much different depending on the temperature and yet are rewarding in both warm and cold. Then there are the rare gems which are ever changing kaleidoscopes of notes which seem to reveal different beautifully complex combinations as if by whim. I think no matter how many times I wear them I'll never figure them out completely. One of these gems is the 2005 release for Frederic Malle Editions de Parfum, Carnal Flower. Dominique Ropion has created an incredible tuberose centered scent that is easily worn by a man and will reward those wearings with one of the most beautifully textured scents you could wear. If you take a look at the note list for Carnal Flower it can be a little off-putting. If you think that a scent with things like melon, coconut and eucalyptus has to be an unblanced bit of craziness, no one could blame you. If it keeps you from trying this, that is too bad. From the top a little bergamot starts things off traditionally and it is quickly joined by the tuberose core of Carnal Flower. The description on the box boasts that Carnal Flower has the highest concentration of tuberose absolute of any fragrance and the intensity of the tuberose throughout the develpopment definitely shows this to be true. As the tuberose begins to come to the fore the first surprise is that note of eucalyptus as the camphor-like nature of that plays elegantly against the sweet floral nature of the tuberose. This beginning has felt different on me every time I wear this. Sometimes the eucalyptus seems like an equal partner and other times it seems like it is a grace note. As this moves into the heart the other problematic notes come into play as the melon and coconut show up but they are kept in check thorughout and are used as complemetary notes. Here the sweetness of both the coconut and the melon enhance instead of detract; as they do for me in so many other scents they are used in. The base is a mix of white musk and tuberose and the musk proves to be a perfect light partner. For something with this much tuberose in it it never rises to the level of seeming to be too-much on me. It stays at an appropriate level for a shared fragrance. Carnal Flower has excellent longevity and excellent sillage. Carnal Flower is just one of the best scents I own.
positive Yesterday I went to a local store that sells niche perfume lines with the aim of buying my wife an anniversary present. We married in our early twenties, and 16 years on we can afford to splurge on each other as life has been good to us.I tried out quite a few from Lutens, CdG, and Malle. I was all a bit ho-hum until I took a whiff of Carnal Flower. It rocked my world! This is just an amazing floral; one can only admire the quality and artistry of Carnal Flower. I get tuberose, jasmine, and orange blossom on a base of white musk. Identifying the notes is an intellectual exercise but with Carnal Flower it's just as important to simply state: "This smells amazing!".I was moved because through Carnal Flower I learned that beauty goes beyond gender.
positive The most potent fragrance. Should be called Sharper Flower. Also, gave me an instant headache. Thank God! Because i was thinking of getting this one as my only floral. Feminine....of course it is!
positive The opening - I recoil from my wrist - 2 stars - this is not the addictive cool clove of Tuberose Criminelle, something altogether spicier, more alive /5 minutes - it warms a little - 3 stars - a floral Fracasian bouquet - nothing extraordinary, would still turn to L'Artisan for my creamy tuberose fix /15 minutes - 4 stars - the green keeps it real, I am enchanted /After 1 hour, it is how I would imagine the scent of an idealised cactus - something cool and fresh in an unforgiving landscape, a thorny green opening cracked to reveal juicy red flesh.
positive A very good and realistically smelling incarnation of tuberose, for that I cannot give it any other than a thumbs up. Unfortunately tuberose is about all I smell and apparently I just don't care much for a tuberose soliflower fragrance.
positive Hello, lover!  The instant I opened the sample I was in drool heaven.  Buttery yummy tuberose-a flower yes but something nearly edible as well.  Even my father who is such a pill about perfumes and shakes his head over nearly everything I wear couldn't deny this one.  Every man I've asked couldn't keep their nose off it, they had to sniff my wrist again.  I said absolutely no, that I wouldn't pay this much for a fragrance...but something tells me I lied.  I hear ebay calling... 
positive Please God, let me be able to afford this some day. And yes, I am the straight man who would wear this. I tried to make my sample from Barney's last a month by taking little sprays on my wrist and huffing away at it at home like a guilty crackhead. I love it, I want it, and I want to give it to the woman I'm madly in love with. She may have to wait until I get mine, though, hee hee! The tuberose whacks you upside the head, and then while your'e reeling from that, the jasmine and freshly crushed green foliage notres drift in, the the tuberose comes back, and they sort of tug-of-war each other for a while, but tuberose is the Ali of flowers (a sexy, sexy Ali, mind you), and wins in the end. A damn masterpiece. This is the smell of sex to me in a floral, and perfectly named. Five million stars!
positive Carnal Flower is a stunning fragrance, a picture of the living flower in olfactory form. Anyone who's smelled tuberose flowers in real life will recognize the scent immediately.   Fairly linear, I find this fragrance consists mostly of tuberose, jasmine, coconut and rich green notes.     The latter, often identified as wintergreen or eucalyptus, are what really make this fragrance special to me. They add green depth of realism, and a freshness that reminds me of taste of snow peas.    Carnal Flower has good sillage and moderate longevity, but honestly, it's totally out of my price range.    There's been a bit of debate among perfumistas as to how "unisex" this fragrance is.    It smells like a flower. If that's okay for you, then you should feel comfortable wearing it whatever your gender is, as it's not perfumey in a traditionally feminine way. 
positive This must be my favorite white flower scent.  It's so beautiful, so impeccably crafted, that I immediately loved it.  Often I find tuberose heavy, headachey and cloying, but this is none of those things.  There's a thread of green running through it, and a sharpness that juxtaposes beautifully with the creamy white flowers.  Enchanting and exquisite.  
positive Wasn't expecting tuberose. Also wasn't expecting a good tuberose. Man I wish some ylang-ylang was in this (maybe there is!). I swear it would level the playing field for a truly floral bouquet for men. Excellent.
positive A beautiful, full, powerful fragrance that beautifully balances out its top and middle notes. Like smelling a bouquet made from 20 different flowers all at once.Great sillage and longevity but even though I generally have no problem wearing unisex and even some women's perfumes, this is just too floral for me.I find it hard to imagine a straight man pulling this off successfully.
positive I have to be honest, I tried Carnal Flower on two separate occasions at the Frederic Malle store (in their “smelling cabine”, no less) and did not find it to be anything special. Then I spoke with a friend who worships Carnal Flower and upon finding out that I had only smelled it in the air and on a paper strip, she made me promise to smell it on my skin and to that end, kindly sent me a sample. Well, mea culpa. Carnal Flower is exquisite and lives up to all of the accolades it receives. The funny thing is that while I “know” it is tuberose, it does not smell like the tuberose I thought I knew. Normally I find tuberose to be a bit offputting in a heavy/overpowering way. Carnal Flower, however, was refreshing and absolutely beautiful. Whilst sniffing, its shimmering beauty reminded me very much of its sister, Lys Méditerranée. In fact, I dare to say that Carnal Flower is the tuberose version of Lys Méditerranée but with a dollop of that white musk/“Coppertone sun tan lotion” smell thrown in for comfort. In any event, I am a happy convert to the shrine of Carnal Flower!
positive THIS IS TUBEROSE!  Carnal Flower is one of the most wearable flowers for men...not too sweet, it's actually quite stealth for a delicate flower!  In fact, I prefer this one on a man, and suggest Estee Lauder's Private Collection Tuberose Gardenia for a woman.  I would love to smell a groom wearing this CF (and his bride wearing ELPCTG!) what a garden wedding!

negative This made me nauseous and gave me a migraine. It is rich and voluptuous but like a roomful of women all wearing haevy scent. 
negative You mean this has been around for 4 years and I just now sampled it?  Reminds me of Datura Noir by serge lutens.  I have a sample Carnal Flower and I just hate it because it seems like the smell of a man with a black beard.  I know that sounds strange , but I picture this in my mind when I wear it and it makes me shiver.  I love turberose, but not this perfume.  Oh, I just don't like it... what is in there that I don't like?  I don't know.
negative Unisex?  I find that hard to imagine.  Not one to shy away from fragrances typically designated as feminine, Carnal Flower seems to me all Tuberose, and little Carnal.  Though clearly well crafted with quality ingredients, this remains, for me, sticky, waxy and cloying.
negative The blast of this almost knocked me off the bed. Tuberose, huh? I never realised there was a flower I would dislike the smell of but I loathe this one. It is the first time in my life I have run to wash off a perfume; I usually respectfully let them develop through their various stages even if I don't like them. But on me this was unbearable, hideous. And I had been so ready to be impressed with Carnal Flower! I can only pray people don't start wearing this on the plane, to the theatre and restaurants or I will have to become a hermit 'til it passes.

neutral Okay, so this is my first review hope you guys don't think it's trash!When i first tried carnal flower, it was in one of those large red cylinders in MeccaCosmetica in Melbourne. I was there visiting my sister and it was my LAST DAY but i made sure i had the time to go out of my way to try some of these famous Editions De Parfums fragrances. Out of the few that i tried on paper, i was only really interested in taking a further step with Carnal Flower, L'eau D'hiver and Musc Ravageur so i had the SA place the scents into the ventilation cylinder. Didn't enjoy the musc as much the second time, but i got 50ml bottles of the other two (THEY ARE HORRIBLY EXPENSIVE).Carnal flower, I found, was the most impressive between the two. It starts crisp, but also very soft and very green. It then unfolds itself, like a woman unbuttoning her shirt and removing her glasses and letting her hair down to reveal a very fleshy tuberose. It isn't extremely heady (other tuberose scents i wear always get the same reaction : "It's really nice but it's so strong!!!")-which i like- but i can ALWAYS get a whiff of it on my skin. It smells so decadent and every so slightly vicious (but in a good way). However, it is, firstly (and as noted previous), HORRIBLY EXPENSIVE. A 50ml bottle was about 426SGD, which is about TWICE the price of a 100ml bottle of perfume from Goutal or L'artisan or TDC. Also, I find that, especially on a man, the perfume's wearability is subjective to your occasion, what you wear, your demeanor, etc etc etc and is thus not something that is very easily wearable. The perfume is DEFINITELY female, but in the same way french objects are either labelled feminine or masculine, rather than in that the perfume is for females (I find sex branding is RUBBISH and i will wear whatever the hell smells nice on me). It takes too much control and without the right confidence it ends up taking over the way Dior Poison does.Don't get me wrong, i LOVE this perfume to no end (I'm wearing it right now). I just don't think it's it's completely worth it given the price and how it seems so fickle.
neutral Oooh! A bit too much Tuberose, giving a very theatrical aspect, verging on the camp, or is there a drag queen in the room?
neutral Breathing in the scent from the sample vial - and who doesn't? - I was impressed by strong, rich combination of tuberose and jasmine. This is a light-year ahead of the tuberose-scented bath and body products in volume and intensity. Certainly, this would be worth a try.Then I put a drop of this on the back of my wrist. My first impression was that even for someone who likes tuberose, this must need a light touch on the application.  Five minutes later, as the indole component made its presence fully known, I decided that I would never buy a full bottle for anyone I knew and that I needed to get it off of me soon. At least now I know why the tuberose products in wide distribution use only a sparing amount of the fragrance - because too much of a good thing can be truly unfortunate.
