Masculine citrus.  Sour, breeze-like.  Slight ocean breeze vibe.  Piercing, almost bitter vetiver.  Just a touch of rosy, pink pepper.  Elegantly blended.  The top flows into the heart effortlessly.  I enjoy this!

Bits of spice and mint stand out at times.  The base is smooth incense and woods.  I'd enjoy this on my man.  Well done!
Bleu and yellow. Sunny sea fragrance with a lot of citrus. A change for a fragrance that's intended for men. Could easily be worn by women.
A true Swiss Army knife of men’s fragrances. Great for just about any occasion, though never the best at any given situation.

Ultimately, a scent that I catch myself trying to get more of as the day wears on.
Christian Grey's white shirt, slightly damped with sweat.
A true EdP version of the EdT.  Thicker, fuller rounder but less sillage initially.  The difference is this will linger longer and form a nice cloud around you.

I don't necessarily like it better or think it is better than the EdT, you can't go wrong with either.  
Cold blue lasers turned
Fresh into fluoriental
Like a Coco Boss.
I smelled this trailing off of a younger guy in the establishment that I work in and it smelled really super nice! I'm a perfume snob to the bone and hadn't the slightest clue that this perfume he was wearing was going to be Chanel's Bleu of all the scents in the world, to be totally honest, I could've sworn to a T that he was wearing Al Haramain's Midnight Musk from their Exclusive Collection, it smelled almost exactly like it which is an awesome perfume in and of itself.

I'd like to comment on the sillage of this scent as the voting scale shows that Bleu is kinda weak, I beg to differ. The building that I work in is a large restaurant and all of the a/c intake areas are located in the back, so whenever someone is sitting near the entrance to the back of the house, the HVAC units will pull a nice trail of anyone's scent that's seated near the entrances. Well, I could smell this trailing from way far away in the dish pit which is a ways off although when I was near his table, his scent was not bathed in per se so, it was mild and pleasurable, not 'projecting' if that makes sense, Chanel's Bleu eau de parfum has an incredible sillage, a long one. It's very incensy with lots of amber, really warm smelling, the sillage that is. I loved it to pieces so much that I bought a sample for myself to try out.

My opinion from an outside nose is that this is actually a strong scent which I believe is one of those perfumes that you can never smell on yourself while wearing, thoroughly impressed me.

Edit: Funny story and this is the truth... I had ordered a vintage 80's scent from a seller in Italy of all places and when I had received the package, there was a sample of Bleu eau de parfum in it! I couldn't believe it and had to laugh as I'm kinda floored with this perfume. I have officially given Bleu a few proper wearings and although this scent is completely out of my genre that I usually like to wear, I truly enjoy this scent through and through. It's super smoky, sour and sweet but, these 3 different sensations do not clash, they work together in perfect harmony. Even though this scent 'does' smell blue, I seriously like this a lot.

As another word of caution, Blue eau de parfum is absurdly strong and long lasting so totally disregard that sillage scale up top there as this scent has some serious throw that projects continually at the same exact volume. I believe it is due to a moderate use of Iso E Super which is designed to push out heart and base notes continually which I'm sensitive to, but here it is used correctly and it's just enough that I can handle it unlike in Versace's Eau Fraicheur that's an Iso E Super bomb that Bleu eau de parfum just happens to resemble, 'slightly'. This could be as to why I find this scent über strong and others don't. Some people can sense Iso E Super and some cannot, the ones who cannot tend to find those perfumes that use this particular aroma chemical as weak and for the people who are hyper sensitive to Iso always perceive it as nuclear. Seriously, this is a killer scent but super powerful so apply lightly with maybe 1 spray or else it's instant olfactory fatigue. I feel strongly that over appliers of this kinda perfume will recreate a ghastly sillage, I'm talking to you 3+ sprays kinda guys. I literally wore 1 spray on my chest and it was an experience, I felt like I was almost choking myself for hours, this would probably be way better dabbed then atomized because as mentioned before, Bleu eau de parfum is super potent for endless hours.

Also, this perfume smells like 2 entirely different odors when sniffed up close and from afar. Up close it smells blue, from afar, the sillage that is, it's very warm, lots of amber and smoke which almost smells like a super smooth musk accord with the olfactory color of orange. Do this little test... spray some onto the top of your foot when you're at home and walk around a little, then stand there for a bit and walk around some more. You'll clearly smell the sillage that an outside nose is experiencing. Or better yet, spray some on a card, leave the room for a half hour and go back to that room and you'll experience the amber note in this. Synthetic yes but these are some of the best quality aroma chemicals being used here that have been blended properly. I'm not one to like or even love any kind of synthesized perfume but I'll tell ya, I really do love this scent. It just smells great and has been assembled with skill, nothing was skimped here as far as a designer scent goes. Sometimes I crave this odor, this is truly a fabulous perfume.
On my skin BdC EdP projects a huge cloud and lasts all day, so I am confused by some of the performance issues others called out. 

Smells very similar to EdT, just a little darker/deeper in those notes. 
I absolutely love this perfume. It was, and currently still is, my #1 favourite perfume to wear.

It has a sweet, jasmine, lightly citrus and minty opening scent. It lingers with a slightly sweet, aquatic, euphoric smell. It lasts on my skin around 1 to 1.5 hours. After that you can detect only trace amounts in the air around me.

All I got was compliments (from both men and women). It's not overpowering and not weak, it's the perfect medium.

In terms of notes, I found it weird that there was patchouli included in it, as I didn't get any scent of that when I had BdC on. I smelled the Jasmine the most and I think that's what I liked about it.


Sweet and minty and a little bit aquatic. There's sandalwood to make it more creamy. The wood and frankincense on the basenotes helps to control the sweetness of the citrus, ginger and jasmine. It's enjoyable but I prefer to stay with Green Irish Tweed which does this sandalwood/outdoor scent better IMHO.
Edited Review:

A sweet opening that has a note I really like. There's almost a Barbasol shave cream to the opening. In fact, it smells quite a bit like the Jack Black hair and body wash product, which is a very good thing in my book. There's a transition after the first 45 min to an hour, and I'm not as fond of the change as I am of the opening. It takes on a synthetic woods accord in the dry down that just isn't as good as the opening, but it's still not too bad. I do like this fragrance overall and I'm glad to have it in my collection.
It's a huge fragrance note party, and we're all invited!

Bleu de Chanel EdP is indeed a deeper, richer take on the original EdT.  Yet it retains a quality of its own, thanks to the large cocktail of ingredients!

Throughout the day, the fragrance seems to wear different "masks" depending on my skin temp and general environmental conditions - in an almost eerily living way.  The tangy notes of grapefruit and bergamot continually appear when I'm experiencing hotter skin temps, then the scent returns back to a peppery, gingery, woody quality reminiscent of Lagerfeld's Jako (which I'm not a huge fan of).  Bleu de Chanel EdP comes off as a skin scent in terms of sillage; the EdT appears to have a better "reach".

This fragrance shimmers through so many notes interplaying with one another in a semi-unpredictable way. It's not a "blue" scent as one would expect of, say, Kenzo or Bulgari Blu.  It is a hybrid formulation that is hard to pin down and different than other scents out there now; hats off to Chanel for the adventurous endeavor in constructing Bleu de Chanel EdP as a classy, reformulated flanker.

I can't say this would be my first choice of scents to wear in a crunch (compared even to the EdT, which seems more stable and accessible).  

So to me, this fragrance is good, versus AWESOME.
Love this stuff and it gets a ton of compliments from the ladies.
If you want something more serious than the conventional edt, this is the perfect go! Wish the sillage could be a little better though. Sometimes in warm days it does randomly perform like a beast however, but that is only sometimes.
It is a beautiful fragrance. Bleu de Chanel EdP is a real olfactory revolution.
Chapeau Monsieur Polge et Chanel!

This is BdC EDT's mature older brother. Opens up with grapefruit, and immediately you'll notice how much deeper, smoother, and richer the EDP is compared to the EDT. As it dries down, the amber & incense combo starts to take over. 
These notes are much more pronounced in the EDP, resulting in a more sophisticated fragrance.

This fragrance is versatile as well, just like the EDT, but it feels more suited for a more "formal" & "night time" setting.

The only issue I have with the EDP is this turns into a skin scent fairly quickly.

Scent: 8.5/10
Sillage: Below Average
Longetivity: Good

Not much to say here because this is exactly what Chanel claims it is: Chanel Bleu Eau de Parfum is a stronger, richer, longer-lasting version of Bleu de Chanel.  There are some differences between the two, but those distances fall well within the parameters of a genuine Chanel-Bleu-Intense-concept.  If you, like me, enjoyed and purchased Bleu de Chanel, you will likely enjoy this one.  It is an excellent fragrance.  

Me?  I’m perfectly satisfied with Bleu de Chanel. If I run out of it, or if I suddenly decide that it’s about the only fragrance I want to wear (not a chance!), I will purchase Chanel Bleu Eau de Parfum.  I likely won’t be buying because I am content with what I have and do not foresee using up my bottle. Plus I would rather spend my money on a couple of Chanel Les Exclusifs.

Smells like the edt version. The difference is that the edp version is slightly darker and richer. This has a slight wood note as well. Nice. 8/10

Modern & Sophisticated...

So, I tried the <i>Eau de Parfum</i> version before trying the <i>Eau de Toilette</i>, but I have since tried both side by side. My impression of this one is that it is definitely "woodier". It starts off with grapefruit and incense, much like the <i>Eau de Toilette</i>, however I would say that this one starts off where the <i>Eau de Toilette</i> heart and dry-down occur. So it has less of the bright, citrus top-notes and more of the woodier, mossier notes. I also detect vetiver and amber. There is less of the pink pepper, sparkling grapefruit opening of the <i>Eau de Toilette</i>. This is why when I think of this I think I would use it for more formal events.

Overall, with this <i>Eau de Parfum</i> I think of this as the "night" version of <i>Bleu de Chanel</i>. It strikes me as something more formal, compared to the casual, more versatile, laid-back nature of the <i>Eau de Toilette</i>. This is the version I would choose between the two, just based on my initial experience. But each version has it's merits. I think this would be great for any formal event which requires a man to wear a suit, or dress code. Perfect on a date, and for a man with wealth and experience. Extremely good effort by <i>Chanel</i> with this one.

Like the original but smooth and more intense.
Deeper, richer and more dense than the EDT. Is it better though? EDT has its own charm and merits. EDT is more sharp and brash and that's what I actually like about it.

EDP is more of a gentleman when compared to the EDT.
Are they both great? Depends. They're generics, simple fragrances done well. That's actually ok!

Are they both worthy of collecting? Yes, absolutely. Still I prefer EDT but just for a margin.

Originality 4/10
Scent 8/10
Longevity 8/10
Projection 7/10
Indeed better then the EDT do not like that one,but this is amazing stuff much richer and smoother and more of a gentleman version...
An amazing scent.  Very unique IMHO and a top 10 in my assortment of EDTs and EDPs in my collection.  My wife bought it for me on our wedding day and it is by far her favorite as well. High quality scent great opening (I can really smell the peppermint, vetiver and grapefruit) well blended with the woody notes. Projection is above average with about 4 hours of solid wafting.  After wearing for 7 hours it is a close to the skin scent. Enjoy.
Bleu de Chanel EdP, is a slightly richer , more rounded version of the EdT.  I like both versions, but prefer the EdP.  The main difference to me is that the citrus in the opening is not quite as sharp and the base is less powdery.  Overall the EdP seems deeper and slightly richer, but that's really quite a subtle perception between the two.  Unlike some reviews, I can't see any reason to own both, but my instinct in scents isn't quite as well refined as others.

Elegant, masculine, lady pleasing.  A must for any wardrobe, IMO.
Bleu De Chanel is a well rounded, unashamedly masculine fragrance with a crowd pleasing opening which then veers into a darker mix of vetiver, incense and mint, all kept polite by a dash of amber. It is a great introduction to fragrance development for people starting out in this hobby. The ingredients are high-quality and it performs well.

It is basically a vetiver fragrance with flair. Nothing wrong with that.

I see Bleu De Chanel and Dior Homme heading different directions for mens fragrance. I prefer the more masculine of the two. Bleu stands the best chance of stopping the unisex trend in men's fragrance, a trend that is responsible for abominations like Polo Red.
This is much more thicker, deeper, smoother and softer variation of  Bleu de Chanel than EDT, the most describing adjective is imo more SENSUAL - more quiet and lacks the sharp edges of the EDT . It's a very nice variation and can be worn at the same time with the EDT.  I get more woodiness and amber than EDT and maybe some tonka (?) as well.  The longevity is slightly better than in the EDT but projection and sillage are like typical for an EDP, toned down, this works closer to skin.
The relation and idea between Bleu EDT and EDP is comparable with Allure Homme Sport EDT and AHS Eau Extreme.

I like the idea of owning both EDT and EDP of this one, because they both smell really gorgeus but work in a different way - one can choose to wear whichever suits more to the specific time, place, situation and the mood of the wearer, or even wear they both at the same time -  both receive full 5 stars for me and I count them to the masterpieces of Jaques Polge, the perfumer.

The 150 ml bottle can be bought for about 100 euros, likewise Allure Homme Sport Eau Extreme.  Any other bottle size is overpriced if you calculate the price/ML ratio, this applies to fragrances in general of course, but especially in Chanel ones.
Bleu de Chanel EdP is a delicious blend of wood and spice that has good projection, is long-lasting and smells the same on skin and cloth. I rate it highly and thoroughly recommend it to those with a soft spot for woody fragrances.

  This is an absolutely beautiful feminine floral scent, that makes me think of warm weather and sunny Spring days when all the trees are in bloom and the lilac bushes are flowering! 
When you first spray it on, it comes out smelling like fruity orange drink or orange lollipop due to the super sweet and sugary clementine top notes. However, the top notes don't last very long at all. The lollipop scent fades out and disappears altogether after less than ten minutes, and the fragrance develops into a gorgeous Spring bouquet of lilacs and orange blossom! 
  I will say that, for a scent that is named "orange blossom", the lilac note is actually really dominant! I can smell the white floral notes, but I can probably smell lilac the most! Personally, I love the smell of lilac, and it's hard to find perfumes that come in this scent, so I think this perfume is wonderful! I know this whole line of colognes is made to layering scents, but honestly, I would buy this one and wear it on it's own! It is a very gorgeous, delicate, and extremely feminine scent, and I highly recommend it to anyone who likes white florals, but also to people who love the smell of spring lilacs. I don't think you'll be disappointed!
This was my wedding scent - chosen before my recent obsession with fragrance and my introduction to the niche scent world. Had I known about Frederic Malle, Terry de Gunzburg, Serge Lutens, etc etc. at that time, perhaps I would have chosen differently, but after spending weeks smelling things, this is what I selected. It is just all-around beautiful and not too heavy/not too light. I find the sillage and longevity to be quite good. I also now realize how much I love orange blossom and citrus-floral blends, and this one is so lovely. I have smelled many, many of the Jo Malone fragrances and this one is still my favorite, and everyone I know who has smelled it, has really loved it. It's just a sweet, inoffensive scent. Not the most unusual, but also not something you'd smell on anyone, and I have received numerous compliments when wearing it. Definitely worth a sniff, and perhaps a purchase.
It's no wonder that this has only gotten one negative review out of 22. The reason is that it's hard not to like orange blossoms, and this is as close to orange blossoms as you can possibly get. Sweet, spicy, and full of joy. My next trip to Nordstrom will be to buy this.
I agree with Quarry.  I like layering Orange Blossom over Narcisse Noir if I want to wear NN during the day.  Citrus scents can be tricky to me.  Sometimes the "straightforward, uncomplicated" ones end up smelling like my memory of Love's Lemon (everyone remembers this classic from junior high!)  or Lemon Pledge.  Orange Blossom has, to my nose, more of the soft round scent of the blossom rather than the agressively stringent scent of the fruit.
My favorite Jo Malone (though not a huge fan of JM overall).  Nice soft citrus - truly oranges.  Not anything complex or interesting here but a gentle and pleasant scent.
When it comes to florals, I am a purist. I like uncomplicated scents that smell like the real thing. This fragrance is all about orange blossoms. It's refreshing and, well, just pretty!  I'm sorry that it is not longer lasting. Yet, for a cologne, it's longevity is decent. I suspect that any attempt to improve the staying power would spoil the thing that makes this so special.
When I first smelt this scent, I knew it was a winner because it was like finding oneself seated in the centre of an orange blossom; it has an other-worldly quality which I think you only usually get when you're touching and enjoying the actual flower in real life.  I love the way it brought images of white flowers on naked skin to mind.  It has an added softness to the original scent of orange blossoms which makes this very feminine.  Absolutely stunning, I wore it on my wedding day.
Orange blossom is one of my least favorite notes, or so I thought!  This is quite lovely, I must admit, with top notes of mandarin and honeysuckle, and a heart where I can detect more mandarin, orange and orange blossom.  The citrus tempers the 'cloying' quality that I often get with orange blossom based fragrances, making it sharper and fresher and much more to my liking.  Though I'm not sure it's something I'll reach for to purchase, I'm grateful this fragrance has expanded my olfactory repertoire a bit, and I'll certainly be sampling it again! 
Love this incredibly feminine and refreshing scent.  Only wish it lasted longer!
My favorite Jo Malone fragrance.
Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful.  
I think nearly everyone loves this one, including me. 

Recently layered Orange Blossom with Red Roses and really liked the result.  Great summer scent.  
If the Jo Malone fragrances were more affordable, I'd have plenty of each to experiment with. 
I just obtained a bottle and I will be wearing it a lot this summer. Great orange scent with some added softeners! Layering with this should be great as well. Very pure but soft orange. Stays on well too and will be great with cinnamons for winter
Purists will adore this 'fresh from mother nature' take on Orange Blossom.  As for me, I prefer a refined orange blossom note...I find raw essences a bit harsh.  Jo Malone's OB also boasts a noticeable amount of jasmine, which is a popular fragrance note although not a personal fave.  I'm giving a thumbs up on this one because it has a "stand out" sort of quality - but I won't be wearing it.
Orange Blossom smells divine, but it's a bit too literal for me.  I think a layering of this along with a vanilla or a jasmine (more creative members can come up with better combos than my predictable ones) would make this a lot more wearable, while still keeping the vulnerable, sweet, honest, blossomy heart.
I ignored this cologne from Jo Malone for the longest time, even though I never thought it unpleasant. In fact, I ignored most of the line, because for the most part I find the scents too "traditional" and the prices too high for something so conventional. Another reason I ignored it was due to a sample mix-up: even though they were manufacturer’s samples, my Orange Blossom and my Lime, Basil & Mandarin samples got confused, and so I thought that Orange Blossom was a conventional citrus & herb cologne and dismissed it with no second thoughts. Than when I got that mini-package - an extra mini bottle of Lime Basil  Mandarin was slipped in as an extra, so I decided to give it a try. I quickly realized there was a mistake in the samples, and after further investigation learned that my charmging “Lime Basil and Mandarin” was actually Orange Blossom…I was just stunned by how gorgeous Orange Blossom was! This is no ordinary citrus, nor what you would expect from an orange blossom scent, and it is quite unique. The note that stands out for me is the mandarin. When I put it on I was immediately transported to our family orchard I took care of my entire childhood, where I played and watered and weeded the trees. It was one of my favourite places and any scent that brings me back there is welcome to my collection. The heart is definitely orange blossom, which is one of my most favourite notes,  and it helps that citrus top notes to linger just a tad longer than most other citrus colognes would.
Jo Malone Orange Blossom is one of the most beautiful things I've ever smelled.  It smells like an orange grove on a warm night with just ripened orange blossom flowers and hints of sultry jasmine.  This is perfect to lift my spirits and I love it in all seasons.  It makes me feel like I can live the romantic, carefree days of summer all the time.
I must amend my previous opinion (Aug. 10, 2005, review). I now so enjoy layering Orange Blossom with almost any scent that I've bought a full flacon. With Ambra del Nepal, I get something like Boucheron's Trouble. With Demeter's Wet Garden, Orange Blossom smells like it's really outside. I think this could be used remedially, too: If a fragrance sample isn't exactly to my tastes, the addition of Orange Blossom seems to steer the scent closer to where I want it to be.

Thumbs up for the scent alone but the performance is not great.

Really nice grapefruit opening that quickly evolves into a slightly sweet, citrus-floral-woody scent with a minor tea note.  Very calm and pleasant.

I always thought of this as a feminine scent but wearing it more, it feels unisex to me.

Very light projection and doesn’t last long, maybe 4-5 hours.  
The restrained wood and the dominating sea salt hit me straight from the beginning.  A  marine opening due to a fresh ambrette-base crispness, as if and old wooden boat is drying out in the beach.  And added green herbal undertone - sage with whiffs of leaves - mixes with the aroma of sea weed.  

Added freshness is provided by an overarching grapefruit impression with the occasional whiff of lemon, especially at the beginning.  

I get moderate sillage, good projection and four hours of longevity on my skin.  

A nice and summery marine scent that is crafted well. Unlike some other creations of this house that often designs its fragrances for layering, this one is nicely wearable on its own.  3/5. 
Subtle but has staying power. Jo Malone doesn't disappoint. I like it! 
A really wonderful, distinct formulation from Jo Malone. Wood Sage & Sea Salt is ultimately an aromatic, musky, citrus and marine fragrance that is light and wearable esp. in warmer weather.

Notes in WS&SS include Ambrette (musk mallow), Sea Salt, Sage, Seaweed (red algae), and Grapefruit. The result is a truly beach oriented portrait that elicits feelings of adventure and enjoyment of nature in me!

It's an aquatic creation for sure. Pure genius mixing sea salt and the mildly peppery sage spice in the form of a fragrance! The musk mallow adds an earthy, musky touch, and the seaweed along with the grapefruit evoke marine waters in my mind.

Leaning more towards masculine wear, WS&SS - according to the company - can be mixed with their Lime Basil & Mandarin, or Nectarine Blossom & Honey, fragrances.

Give it a try!
I really love this one! Soft, subtle, and very unique. 
I find much of the Jo Malone line to be superfluous. The tea scents are good, but I find it difficult to believe that when your range is this large that there can be consistent quality. This is good, very well-conceived, a nice combination of fresh woody notes and outdorrsy condiments. Sea Breeze through a nearby wood. Performance, though, tends to the abysmal. 
Big thumbs up for the smell. Thumbs down for the lackluster performance... But the smell is really really pleasant. It reminds me of Pacific Rock Moss in a way :)
Big thumbs-up from me for Wood, Sage & Sea Salt from Jo Malone. Very nice fragrance. Smells classy and is, as mentioned, very light and non offensive to those around you, but it puts off such a pleasant woody, slightly salty, herbal fragrance that I just love it. I don't typically like the salty fragrances when they're combined with sweet, fruity accords, so this was a welcome salty experience. I would like a little better longevity and sillage, but it still lasted about four and a half hours on me before I couldn't detect it anymore without difficulty. I'd love to have a bottle of this in my collection. An extremely nice summer scent.
Got a mini as a welcome gift.

It's light and inoffensive - but that's the Jo Malone brand in general. As a rule, one should not expect beastmode fragrances from this house. And true to its name, it's a woody salty fragrance that's a unique composition. Not fruity, not citrus, not an aquatic - and it really shines in high heat. Worth a sniff if you want a different kind of high-heat fragrance.
I had tempered my expectations based on previous reviews. This has exceeded expectations by more than a little. 

Sprayed on my wrist, the longevity is fleeting, but on my chest, I catch pleasant glimpses of this throughout the day. Silage is still less than your average fragrance, but I wouldn't wear this to impress. If price were not a barrier, I'd wear this to uplift. It's intimate, and I find that desirable. A nice choice for the office on a cloudy spring day (today was 50 and overcast in my neck of the woods). 

Mostly I pick up the salty/herbal vibe of this fragrance. Because there's not a strong fruity or citrus note, this feels less "fun in the sun" and more mature to my amateur nose. I'm late 20s, for reference. 

Overall execution is spot-on. My only complaint is price, but this isn't a fragrance made for the masses. In that sense, the exclusiveness that might come with this is part of the overall pleasure of wearing it. Only a certain type of man will wear this. I don't think I'm quite that man yet, but it's a man I would strive to become. 
Bought this after being pounced on by Jo Malone representative at Stansted Airport. Attractive, clean scent but unfortunately loses its force very rapidly.
This is a beautiful clean scent, perfect for a Texas Fall day. I love it!

This fills my oriental need.  I just love it.  It's an easy way to wear oud.  It's not a dirty oud it's a clean oud.  I think the bergamot rounds out the oud and makes it a very wearable scent.  You also can detect the cedar in the dry down.  I can't imagine this being difficult to smell or difficult to wear but it will not be for everyone b/c it is an oud.  I wore this on my honeymoon in paris and it has a great scent memory.  The longevity could be better but it's a great oud.  
The opening is sparkling; fresh, woody, floral…gorgeous. It's a linear fragrance and in this case it's not bad at all, as I don't want that opening to go away.The staying power is low, but while it lasts, it's a beautiful woody citrus fragrance with a twist; the twist comes from the so called oud which adds a bit of smoke, rubber and bitterness.
I am giving this a thumbs up because it is exactly what I have been looking for in a scent.  It is beautiful citrus' in the beginning and the oud comes out WITH the citrus.  I bought mine for 125 off of ebay.  It was a great deal and the seller only sells perfume and had 100 percent great feedback. Because it doesn't last long at all, I started to think that I got ripped off. I can't smell it on me after 30 minutes. My son smelled it for an hour or so and then he also could not smell a trace.  On one hand I am tempted to buy again at Sephora (I live in a town with literally no shopping) bc this CANNOT be the actual longevity of this expensive perfume. On the other hand, every review is talking about poor longevity.  I guess I will cut my losses now and just stick with the one I have. I just LOVE the smell SO much that I feel it is worth spending the extra money but only if I know I am going to get better longevity from the new bottle.  It is the best thing ever!
Classic. Unlike the case with the other reviewers, this one has  great staying power on me.
A compelling fragrance using three citrus notes and two woods...Oud & Bergamot by Jo Malone is an agarwood-centered fragrance with a straight ahead, clean citrus mix starting things out in the opening spray. This unfolds into a bright, powdery body with a moderate amount of oud. The cedar wood - a note I've loved for decades - seems a bit more pronounced than the oud, but together they slightly reinforce each other's "woodiness."

This is a fresh woody outing (recreated with a more ambery vibe with Jo Malone's Bergamot Rich Extrait perfume). There is a spiciness that isn't contributed by any separante note per se, but is derived from the inherent traits of the woods and citruses being used. 

Great day or night casual scent, for both genders.
A truly excellent fragrance.  Oud & Bergamot has a bright citrus or bergamot opening that's very authentic without any sourness or sharp synthetics.  A soft oud note warms forward and blends with the bergamot to become the mainstay accord for the duration of the scent.  It seems that JM fragrances' performance varies by fragrance and wearer.  While none of the JM line are designed to be sillage monsters, O&B remained discreetly evident for about 4 hours, which is what one should expect from an EDC.  Reapply as necessary.

O&B strangely reminds me of a uptown Chicago tailor that my grandfather used to be personal friends with.  He used to take me as a kid to his shop where they would custom make suits, shirts, belts and shoes.  This was late 1960's, but the shop had this incredible gentlemanly scent that I hadn't thought of for 50+ years until smelling Oud & Bergamot.  I bought a bottle right away.
Strange perfume that's a little more like wearing a citrus cologne while barbecuing chicken. It's longevity is not great (like most citrus) but it's very unique. A good comparison with Zeste Pamplemousse. Still enjoyable.
I had not expected to particularly like this, but I do.  
Restraint and class are the key words here.  
The bergamot is well done: crisp, citrusy, not plummy nor brash.  
I don't often like bergamot but it is very well done here.
There is something crisp, white-paper in style.  Reminds me a bit of Encre Noir.  
Then the oud appears.  Understated, yet warm and intriguing.  
A simple scent, JM's usually are in that style.  But, a good combination and well executed.
smells amazing!  too bad it doesn't last very long at all--disappointed at the performance.
I love this smell so much. I have considered getting a full bottle (currently have a sample and a 5 ml decant). Starts of with a bright cirtus wood combo and on my skin it becomes rich and earthy. So good. 
The only thing intense about Jo Malone Oud & Bergamot is how good it smells.  Projection and longevity are lacking, really have to spray a ton to get anything out of it on my skin. It's only been 30 minutes and my lotion is outperforming this scent. All that negativity aside, it does smell fantastic and if someone catches a faint whiff, you will get a compliment.  Great smell, and comes off a bit like Aventus to me, just waiting for the Intense-Intense version.
Christine Nagel at her finest, no surprise she’s been chosen to inherit Ellena’s throne. A charming whiff of sophisticated, mellow, androgynous, hyper-modern, clean yet somehow “mysterious” and moody spiced Oriental orange-infused woods. This is Oud & Bergamot by Jo Malone, a refined, minimalist, very well conceived experiment around the contrast between the aromatic, luscious smokiness of oud and cedar (and suede, I think), and the graceful, pastel, zesty and slightly floral touches of bergamot and citrus, with a hint of cinnamon-like touch of sweet – just as in Fendi Theorema for women, also composed by Nagel. All done with an amazingly well-engineered weightless texture taken to the very extreme – basically, pure thin scented air. It feels like a perfect olfactive rendition of some abstract watercolour featuring harmonic drops and brush strokes of pale orange, pale brown, pale black. All smells even, smooth, airy and pale, yet totally “there” under your nose. It’s like smelling a linen shirt previously sprayed with a hypothetical “true” substantial version of Oud & Bergamot – this is how the actual Oud & Bergamot smells. It’s there, and yet it isn’t. Like the suspended memory of a scent, more than an actual scent, and yet it’s there materializing under your nose. Fascinating to say the least. And it’s all done so terribly right, as all notes manage to smell crisp, smooth and clear, yet subtle. 

The scent is very simple actually, basically a fairly linear and “white-ish” sort of musky-suede rendition of (synthetic) oud and cedar tinted with some orange and cinnamon. It’s the way Nagel made it that makes it so special. It takes some guts and skills to take these notes and turn them into an impalpable whiff of watercolour mist (I mean, it takes some guts to do it right and not end up with an ephemeral fart of a constipated princess). More than compelling and more than a scent, a little piece of minimalist art. Obviously not a “bomb”, very subtle but quite persistent, more than one may assume: somehow you smell it around yourself for hours and hours even if it seems disappearing from your skin soon. This close to smelling just dull and weak – and maybe it is, and I’m just overestimating it – but I find it just lovely.

8-8,5/10

Really enjoyed the smell.  Longevity and projection are okay.  Longevity about 2-3 hours.  Even with that, I bought a 10ml decant.
Really earthy, mysterious, by soon woody (almost raucous), sparkling (a classic citric approach counteracting in the meanwhile the raw upcoming woodiness) and angular juice since the first moments of the short trip. The vibrant combination of the two main elements is exotic and somewhat dandy (in a fresh, elusive, latin and virile way). It seems a touch of final leather connects the elements of this really virile (vaguely caribbean) seasoned concoction. Dry spices and thirsty cedarwood drain utterly the vaguely (barely and temporarily) resinous initial texture (a touch of saffron too??). The Oud & Bergamot Cologne's evolution is minimal, the stout, dry, vaguely smoky and leathery oud's temperament seems weirdly sultry and testosteronic. An interesting minimalistic take on citric oud, alluring, classic, sexy and fashinating.
rbaker said it. Another fresh offering from Jo Malone. Nothing to dislike. Gone in three hours so limited in use, but lovely. 
A straightforward scent in which the good bergamot freshness is nicely counterbalance by a nice touch of oud. Nothing special and no surprises is the drydown, but the for JM very decent longevity of four hours tilts the score to the positive. 
I got this in the Jo Malone boutique in the airport lounge on impulse when my wife was browsing something for herself (she's a fan of Jo Malone frags).

I do love this fragrance. I don't seem to get too much of the Bergamot, but this for me is all about subtle, creamy, and silky oud. 

You are followed by a shimmering oud cloud for many hours, just wonderful, warming and sensual. The perfect cosseting scent.

Only problem is the amount of sprays you require to achieve this nirvana state... I'm talking like over 10... Doesn't make it a sillage killer, but just gives it some longevity.. best to layer it.

The lady at the JM counter says it has a 15% EDP concentration, I would think a 25% concentration would be about right...

One thing I have discovered recently is layering this with a couple of swipes of pure oud oil is divine. It really compliments the Oud & Bergamot, and you can go Cambodian for smooth or Assam for barnyard (From my Ensar Oud sample set) Also seems to help greatly with longevity.

Anyway, love this scent, but wish it was 25% concentration, it's bit of a rip of considering the amount you need to apply.
I definitely like this scent.  I just got the sample and I intend to buy a bottle soon.  
Went into the Jo Malone shop for some 154 someone had suggested and came out with this! Oud & Bergamot is ABSOLUTELY on the money! The rich yet subtle character of this earthy fragrance is astounding. To be honest, I didn't think Jo Mo had it in 'em; Creed's Oud doesn't come close to matching up. FIVE STARS of unforgettable - top to bottom.

Jasmin 17 is another thumbs up from Le Labo, but maybe not too exciting.  I agree that it might smell more like orange blossom than jasmine. I probably like this more than the leather (Cuir 28) and the vetiver (Vetiver 46), but not as much as the iris (Iris 39) or the ylang-ylang (Ylang 49).

Le Labo manages to smell modern without being too overbearing with aroma chemicals. This is a nice, simple, modern-smelling, wearable fragrance. 
An absolutely gorgeous jasmine note greets me, a classic elegant note that is as such not sweet.  Soon it emanates that this is more than jasmin, with orange blossom and sandalwood added in the drydown.  Later vanilla kicks in and this adds sweetness to the later stage of the development. This scent is made of high-quality ingredients and very well and smoothly blended. Poor silage but adequate projection, with a longevity of four hours. A great jasmine fragrance that is perfect for spring. 


With a delicate presentation of a potentially bombastic note, Le Labo has created a lovely jasmine fragrance.  Albeit via an orange blossum route I suppose.  

After an initial burst of sweetness and headiness from a wonder orange blossum note, this one shifts gears and softens up.  There is jasmine, but it is delicate, and I do not detect indoles to any significant extent.  It is almost the fragrance akin to the taste of jasmine tea, gentle and subtle but present.

The drydown is close wearing, continuing the soft and gentle approach.  Wisps of vanilla and musk, warm smelling.

A lovely jasmine fragrance if you like soft and pretty florals.  
A lovely orange blossom fragrance. Jasmine and vanilla are supporting players and keep the orange blossom sweet and non-indolic. Great longevity, huge sillage. I like it a lot but you better love orange blossom if you consider getting it. 
Le Labo continues to amaze me with their beautiful simplicity and their workshop-based concepts. Jasmin 17, although not anything outstanding is polite, refined and smooth. Everything that a jasmine soliflore should be.

Sarrasins by Serge Lutens is still my favourite jasmine scent, however when Sarrasins is too dark and rich for Summer, that's where Jasmin 17 comes in. This fragrance is a pretty concoction of light, transparent jasmine, a hint of orange blossom and milky vanilla.

Subtle and fresh, and in some ways innocent, Jasmin 17 is nothing loud or irritating, just delicate jasmine blooms resting softly on the skin. This fragrance is fairly linear, the only development being the appearance of the musk in the drydown.

Like I mentioned before, simplicity is what I admire from this fragrance house. Jasmin 17 goes to show that extreme measures don't need to be taken in order to achieve something lovely and fresh.

The scent also feels rather natural on the skin. There's a definite sweetness in Jasmin 17 that is most likely the result of the jasmine and vanilla blending together rather than a saccharine additive.

This fragrance lasts considerably well and the sillage is moderate, not too strong nor too soft. I highly recommend this fragrance to floral lovers and jasmine fanatics alike.
Tried this today and thought it was wonderful.  I normally steer clear of anything with a recognisable jasmine note to it, but the Le Labo version is lovely to my nose.  It starts off with a subtle citrus note and them seems to develop a sort of green tea freshness.  This may well disappoint hard core jasmine lovers, but for me it's the first jasmine that I've found that I know I will go back and purchase. 

As ever, a completely different smell on my friend, though equally loved by her for other reasons. 


I agree: 

      … that in the opening I smell more neroli (and orange blossom) than jasmine;   
      …that Jasmin 17 is fresh, gentle, and lovely;   
      …that there is a whispering sensuality hiding beneath the prettiness.  

This is not the way I usually prefer jasmine.  I prefer the indole laden, no-holds-barred jasmine.  But Jamin 17 presents a strong essence of non-indolic jasmine in such a diaphanous way that I can’t help but admire its purity, sensuality, and its transparency.  

…such a lovely, delicate presentation of such an imposing force.



Jasmin 17, youthful and feminine.It begins with bright fresh notes of Neroli Bigarade, Orange Flower and Litsea Cubeba... crisp green and slightly citrus.. completely unexpected and uncharacteristic of a traditional Jasmine perfume... As the sharp awakening notes calm, beautiful chords of fresh blooming Jasmine diffuse to the top... softly enveloping the citrus angles leveling off to a full bodied yet fresh Jasmine heart... Sweet, but gentle, white, and delicate...As it continues to dry down slight oriental mid-tones of Amber, Sandalwood, and musk seep through the elegant floral body quietly blending into a powdery whiteness...Fresh, feminine, sensual, and easily wearable by all.
Maurice took another route in fragrance making. A white flower scent, but he left a trail of powdery notes behind. Its a fresh white flower scent with woody, sweet and musky notes. Drys down as a gentle floral. Men love it on me!! 
This is the sexy cousin to Prada's infusion D'Iris, and oh, so much more up my street. Jasmine is usually dirtier, so it's quite something that this perfume presents it to us in a cleaner, veil-like way. It is this very quality that makes Jasmin 17 so seductive; the sense of anticipation and knowledge that the carnal nature of true Jasmine is concealed, with just two milky petals showing under a silk blouse.

Jasmine calone. This is the first time I've not had a violently negative reaction to calone so there's that. There's something pleasing: sunscreen on a salt-sprayed beach perhaps. Nostalgic, synthetic. Wouldn't buy it.
Le Labo's names can be a bit like Oxford May Balls - rarely in May.  Here neroli is present in the background in the first few hours, but never dominating - that is left to orange blossom with mandarin, whilst in the drydown jasmine and a decent rose come to the fore.  Tonka takes charge in the base, so overall a white flowery composition with a tonka base. A bit unexciting and not exactly hyper-original, but exceedingly well blended of top-quality ingredients - just narrowly thumbs-up. 




Neroli 36 struck me straight away as being more mandarin orange based than neroli. There was also an obvious sweetness, which was very pleasant but far from the bitterness that this fragrance is supposed to convey.

As far removed from being a soliflore as possible, I did much prefer this fragrance over Annick Goutal's Neroli, which I found too herbaceous and citrusy.

The more the scent developed, the more it began to resemble a juicy, pulpy orange mixed with talcum powder. Not the nicest description I know, but far nicer when smelt.

On the Now Smell This blog, both reviewers mention an aquatic quality which I don't seem to get. The scent is certainly Summery and refreshing, but there aren't any oceanic notes in this composition, as far as I can smell anyway.

I really enjoyed wearing this fragrance while it lasted, which was relatively impressive. Perhaps the only aspect I didn't like was the drydown, which up close smelt like a pet-shop but from a distance smelt like orange-scented cleaning products with a touch of musk.

Every now and then, Neroli 36 gives off a soapy vibe, however I wouldn't go so far to say that it's particularly clean-smelling, the sweetness certainly prevents it from going that way. 

Neroli 36 is nothing ground-breaking, but it's certainly, in my opinion, something that lives up to its expensive price tag. Lovely, just lovely.
Absolutely wonderful.  The perfect blend of soap (and this is by far my new favorite soapy scent), Sea and Ski suntan lotion, and marine notes.  I'm transported to Stone Harbor, NJ, the summer of _____ (pick any--1967-1977).  Amazingly well done.  Wish list and full bottle worthy!
You want a fresh scent that you can smell on yourself all day long? N36!!! The marine notes are long lasting. High quality! Don't expect it to smell like your typical neroli. It is unisex but I find it better on a woman. A year round scent overall.
At first, I was not sure what the big deal was about Le Labo's Neroli 36. It seemed like a gentle orange blossomy fragrance that didn't have any special bells or whistles. But then, I wore it outside (which, in the summertime in Houston, is not insignificant) and Neroli 36 really came into its own as it melded into my skin in a charming way that is hard to describe. Neroli 36 didn't try to compete with the 90 degree heat but rather worked with it and subtly released its warm middle notes of musk and jasmine. Were it not for the prohibitive price and limited availability, I think Neroli 36 would be the perfect "beachy" scent, even above Bond's Fire Island, Bobbi Brown’s Beach, et al.  As compared to a fellow fragrances, L'Occitane’s Neroli (too sweet) and Diptyque’s L'Eau de Neroli (rather boring), Neroli 36 easily takes the top prize. Here are Neroli 36's notes, per The Perfumed Court: rose, musk, mandarin orange (slightly aldehydic), jasmine and vanilla.   

I haven't been too keen on Le Labo overall, as I find their "sciency-wiency" gimmick and naming things one way but having them smell another to not be so cute as they'd hope it to be, but I rather like Thé Noir 29 (2015). Those not brushed up on French might see this as "The Black 29" but it actually means "Black Tea 29". Yeah, we have another case of not smelling like what it's called, but in this instance, I forgive Le Labo for their quirky misleading single-note titles because what it -does- smell like is pretty damned good. Thé Noir does contain elements of black tea, but the elephant in the room which makes this not what it seems is a fig and rose pair of Siamese twins. You get a big ol' fat dry fig and rose compound note conjoined at the hips which is the true focus of this composition, whether real or just a happy coincidence from the mix of black tea and it's surrounding support columns, but for anyone who has smelled Cartier Déclaration d'Un Soir (2012), Salvatore Ferragamo Pour Homme (1999) or Mancera So Blue (2015), it's a darker take on the same aura. As a whole, Thé Noir is a dark, brooding, dry, "Gothic Romance" fragrance in the atmospheric (but not necessarily olfactory) vein of Salvador Dali Pour Homme (1987) or Portrait of a Lady (2010), just with black tea, hay, fig and tobacco as the canvas for it's rose instead of animalics or ambery synthetics, respectively. This is so far the one Le Labo I'd buy, and the most accessible of the range's most popular creations by far, since Santal 33 (2011) and Rose 31 (2009) are pretty "out there" in comparison to Thé Noir 29. I'm not saying being "out there" is a bad thing, just not a great quality to possess for easing newcomers into a brand, since folks regularly test these at Nordstrom counters where they're most-commonly found.

Thé Noir opens with dry bergamot, which is almost a prerequisite for this psuedo-Victorian style, but the black tea shows it's face pretty early, holding hands with fig on the left and rose on the right, like the top notes are playing a very intense game of Red Rover. It's all pretty stiff and linear going in, which is the biggest weakness of the opening, as a love-or-shove reaction will be had then and there, but if you get passed it, there is some development. Cedar, hay, and vetiver comprise the middle, tightening and firming with grassy and woody aromatics with just enough hay to give Thé Noir growl without feeling like being down on the farm. These middle notes join the simple musk and slight tobacco base near the end. Yeah, there's some synthetic play here, like Iso E Super, but I don't get much else. The tobacco is very leafy and almost invisible against the rest, and the musk isn't very rich, with most of Thé Noir living in the strong top and aromatic middle, coming across as pale, dimly-lit, and mysterious. Sillage is on the impressive side but this isn't a bomb, and longevity is appropriately sufficient given the niche price point. The kicker here is how much do you like dark, dry, leafy tea, fig, and rose on an aromatic bed, and if that answer is "a lot", then this may be right for you. I'd say Thé Noir is too "Depeche Mode" for the work space, but on a night out at a darkly-lit gastro pub or an art exhibit, this feels particularly right. There's a bit of unisex appeal in Thé Noir as well, but it does swing mostly masculine to my nose. 

Thé Noir sits somewhere between modernity and antiquity, as do a lot of things in this perennial genre. Other scents present stronger tea notes, like Bvlgari Black (1998), while still others have a more-prominent rose, like the aforementioned Déclaration d'Un Soir, and if you want to go full-fig, there's Philosykos by Diptyque (1996), so the value in Thé Noir is in it's blending of these themes on an aromatic base. For that reason, Thé Noir is spared from being assessed as an ineffectively expensive option in a crowded samey genre, like so many niche fougères or niche Western ouds, because there isn't much exactly like it, albeit there are many more economical options in the same wheelhouse. Frank Voelkl earned his perfumer stripes making compositions on a much smaller budget for Avon and Kenneth Cole before becoming a Le Labo mainstay, and like his compositions for those houses, Thé Noir displays a certain level of "less is more" efficiency despite being a niche scent, giving it great note separation and a bit of transparency in spite of it's voluminous strength. Niche done like a mainstream cheapie or niche done cheaply? That's for you to decide, but if you're up for the $240+ price tag Le Labo commands for 100ml, this is almost a blind buy for lovers of leafy, floral, dark, aromatic perfumes. For everyone else, I suggest a sample first, lest a steep blind buy make this Gothic romance transform into an Expressionist stage play full of tragedy and long faces. Thumbs up for me! 
Yes, this is good, real good. The most accessible Le Labo of them all. The first time I wore it was from the official 1.5ml  sample. I wasn’t blown away but I liked it. The second time I got way more depth. The third time was from the 100ml bottle and wow, kinda stunned. It’s easy to wear and the sillage and longevity are deceiving as it’s a little softer than you might think, but it lasts and projects. Really like this. A lot. Gentle black currant and fig tea that’s different enough from the rest to really stand out.
Most likely the best scent from Le Labo that I've encountered so far, Thé Noir 29 can honestly be rocked by men and women. The initial scent is pungently sweet despite having tobacco and cedar in the notes. The dry down is very pleasant, however, as it begins to become very fresh and crisp. I love it for chilly mornings because the smell is very similar to tea imo. Wish the price would be a little lower doe, there very well could be cheaper alternative. 
The Noir 29 opens with an absolutely lovely fig/tea/spice opening that takes the fig note in a uniquely dry and aromatic direction. Unique and highly wearable. I love the opening accord - and it lasts quite awhile.

As the middle and base approach, the dry and aromatic tea very gradually morphs into more of an agricultural hay note, and you don't really realize what's going on until all of the sudden...where did that hay come from? This is a distinctly "wet" and somewhat sweet hay with the addition of tobacco and musk (big contrast with the relatively dry feel of the tea in the opening), and I'm starting to worry that this is going in a murky and swampy I'm not going to like. 

Luckily, the hay dries out and cedar as vetiver enter the picture. And there it stays until the end. A (still surprisingly strong) woody hay note with a shading of fig and tea in the background. Longevity and projection are both fairly impressive. Really good and interesting stuff. 
The noir 29 has tricked me. This is by far the best fig based scent I have tried. The opening has predominant tea note along with some herbacious wet soil feeling along with lush figgy note. This goes on for about 1-2 hours and then the ceder wood comes in and joins the fig. On my skin this one was tricky. It was little soft at the begining but became strong later on. It had an amazing projection and got compliments on the first wearing itself. Longevity is stellar. 10+ hours. This is a must try for any fig lover. This had a happy feeling written all over it. So damn happy with it. Great release by le labo. 

The opening starts with a blast of only minimally sweetish fig, some bergamot and the eponymous tea accord.   On my skin that is a light and brightly discrete tea, not at all dark or smoky like Bvlgari Black, but brighter than Tea for Two, for instance.  This tea note is not dissimilar to Gucci Pour Homme II in its discreetness and lightness, although it has more presence than GPH II.  This tea note lasts well into the begin of the base notes. 

The drydown adds a discrete cedar note, with green leafy whiffs present intermittently, and in the base a somewhat mediocre musky impression appears too. 

The sillage is moderate, the projection very good, and I get eight hours of longevity, which is excellent.  This is a nice scent for warmer autumn days that is structured very well, very convincingly blended and, with the exception of the dull musk note towards the end, uses high-quality ingredients.  3.25/5. 
The Noir opens with an aromatic fig and mild orange-laced black tea leaf accord with a slight supporting cedar wood undertone. Moving to the early heart, the aromatic black tea accord deepens, taking on a mild smoky tobacco-like facet with the underlying slightly synthetic smelling cedar wood also more prominent. As the composition moves through its heart the slightly synthetic smelling woods gradually fold into the aromatic black tea, never being completely masked, but very well-integrated to the point that they almost seem like another aromatic facet. During the late dry-down the composition shifts gears completely as the aromatic tea and cedar vacate, revealing smooth musk, gentle vetiver and a touch of vanilla in the base through the finish. Projection is average, but longevity excellent at well over 12 hours on skin.

One of the most consistently excellent active perfumers today is Frank Voelkl. Apart from his stellar work elsewhere, Voelkl has produced most of Le Labo's impressive offerings with compositions like Santal 33, Ylang 49 and Iris 39. Now, we can add The Noir 29 to his list of winners. The composition immediately impresses with its brilliant use of fig to amplify the aromatic aspect of the featured black tea accord. Voelkl then brings out a similar slightly synthetic smelling cedar wood to the stuff used in his modern masterpiece Javanese Patchouli for Zegna. Unlike Javanese Patchouli where the smooth, dominant patchouli soaks up the woods primarily; in the case of The Noir, the synthetic woods are harder to hide and at first I thought they might be problematic. Luckily, after further review the answer is "No," as about a half hour or so into the heart phase the woods gradually get absorbed into the black tea accord. No, they are never obscured, but they become a key facet of the overall presentation, so skillfully integrated to the point that their slight synthetic nature becomes even a positive rather than a distraction, with an added tobacco-like facet providing a new element to counter them. The late dry-down is a bit of a mundane pleasant musky vanilla-like affair that won't set the world afire, but it somehow works as a nice change-up from the earlier aromatic wood-laced black tea. The bottom line is when I saw Voelkl's name associated with the $240 per 100ml bottle The Noir 29 I strongly suspected I would love it, and true to form it fails to disappoint with its "excellent" 4 stars out of 5 rating, earning it a strong recommendation to all.

ooh! intense, warm, rich, intimate. For me it's a cooler weather choice or a special occasion.
The 1980's was full of big perfumes, and newly-appointed house perfumer at the time Jacques Polge needed to make a big perfume to compete with the likes of Yves Saint Laurent Opium (1977) or Giorgio Beverly Hills (1981). Already having achieved a new paragon of masculinity with Antaeus (1981), Polge needed to repeat a similar success in the feminine segment, an objective that eventually lead to the creation of Coco Chanel (1984). Obviously titled after the late Gabrielle Chanel's nickname, Coco was meant to channel the strength of will and businesswoman aesthetic of the house founder, and indeed contains the essence of her often-terse and condescending manner as well. Coco is not a friendly perfume, not happy, but full of the kind of bold animalic vigor that shoulderpad blouses and teased hair of the decade often signalled to hapless men who stood in the way of the take-charge middle class 80's woman. Polge blended both opulent florals and heady spices in a note-packed kitchen sink style similar to perfumes of the early 20th century, which was a rare move for a perfumer who would later become famous his conservative restraint and plush blending, making Coco as much a young "show-off piece" as Antaeus was.

There are simply too many notes to sift through them all, but the opening of Coco demonstrates a similar aldehyde rush as the legendary No. 5 (1921), but with angelica, pimento, frangipani, and mandarin giving a sweet zing that is very feminine and fruity in the start. The very indolic heart of jasmine, rose, tuberose, cascarilla (coffee seeds) and neroli is delicious, with some iris and ylang-ylang to sharpen things up. Midway through this veers gender neutral and curious men who love animalic perfumes will start finding reward in Coco at about this point. Heavy animalic honeyed sourness of civet and styrax merge with incense elements of opoponax, olibanum, sandalwood, musk, and patchouli, while labdanum, oakmoss, and vetiver bring in a chypre-like golden focus near the end. I can't always discern which notes are doing what as stated above, but knowing the characters of each and how they mingle, the "big picture" Jacques Polge paints isn't hard to see. This is a fruity floral oriental animalic chimera which comes in disarmingly saccharin sweet at first before turning the lights down and bringing out the leather straps. Feminine to masculine, light to dark, friendly to Faustian, that was Gabrielle Coco Chanel in life, and that is also how her posthumous namesake perfume is as well. 

This was likely an office perfume in the 80's, since everyone wore everything everywhere, but with the increased social consciousness of perfume use in the 21st century, Coco is best worn in evenings for romantic gatherings or just personal enjoyment. This oriental kaleidoscope works surprisingly well in all weather thanks to the brightness of the top and warmth of the heart, plus a lack of cloying notes like vanilla or tons of amber to cook on skin. Eau de Parfum is richer and more-suited to ladies, while the Eau de Toilette is sharper and a tad more raunchy, making it the better bet for men. Any version is suitable as a unisex oriental, but knowing CISHET predilections, I make my suggestions thus. Polge would settle into watery or fruity florals for women and ultra-blended semi-orientals or woody ambers and fougères for men through the rest of his career, but like with Antaeus, he really let the horses out of the stables with Coco, and it's wonderful; ravishing even. Time has taken its toll on some of the animalic heft in more recent batches of Coco, but all versions are still the strident "don't mess with my success" 80's estrogen bomb as intended, so go easy on the trigger when testing or wearing. Thumbs up! 
Chanel ‘Coco’ is the powerful business women. There are only a couple of people in the world on her level. She is the definition of command and control. In a field full of obnoxious, arrogant, ego centric people dominated by men and women alike, she is the only one who is of her kind. Gentle yet firm. Dressed in an obsidian Parisian chiffon clad flowy A-line dress imported from France, her long bare neck is embellished with a single Cartier diamond pendent, tiny dangly crystal encrusted drop earrings are adorning her ear lobes, shimmering under the glittering chandelier whenever she moves, she is dangerous but also elegant and has grace like no other. Her hair is luscious and smells intoxicating. However, get on her wrong side and you will see just how much power she truly has. She is a force to be reckoned with. She is not an employee but more of an employer. Executive of a Fortunes 500 Company, she does not play around. Having one assistant won’t cut it when helping Coco run her enlarged empire, that’s why her 3 assistants, Coco Noir, Allure EDP and Chance EDP are always present and ready. Ready to take on the world and accomplish whatever that needs to be accomplished. Even attending parties. Coco knows when to work and when to party and she won’t deny her assistants the opportunity to strengthen business ties and have fun while doing so. 

This is what I envision everytime I smell coco edp
It's all in the attitude. This may have been marketed for women but when it dries down, the notes bring a spiciness to it that makes it truly gender neutral if not eminently suitable as a masculine scent. A couple of spritzes to the chest does me nicely.

Coco Cola. Coco is dark, sweet, fizzy and classic, and cola-ish. It is rounded and ripe, with the spice of a boozy Christmas cake that has spent three months luxuriating in a tin. It also has hints of an orange studded with cloves, another Christmas treat. But just like Coca Cola, the recipe is impossible to reverse-engineer. 

It reminds me of a time when people smoked in cinemas and perfumes were necessarily stronger so they could rise above the curling silver clouds lit up by the projector. It suits a good coat with a brooch and silk scarf.
Very vintage floral mix. Potent. Gorgeous. 
Hygeia by Gustav Klimt
Mesmerized by this
Growling tiger of flowers,
Spices and resins.

This is in regards to vintage Coco, eau de toilette.  Coco is one of those rare ones, for me.  Every now and then I try a perfume I don't care for at first.  Then it grows on me, a little.  Then I like it more and more, as I wear it.

I don't smell any stand-out notes of mimosa, vanilla, Tonka, or orange blossom here.  Everything else, seems just fine.  This reveals itself to me in layers.  It is "old school" and I like that.  I may procure another sample, for further wearing's. This, like Mitsouko, are slow to win me over...
Vintage edt: Dreamy perfume to my nose, especially the opening and early on while it's still strong. I love perfume from the 1980s, and this is one of my favorite feminine fragrances overall, a delicious sweet floral.

The vintage parfum version is also a treat: a modern-smelling, fruity floral that smells like fresh, clean laundry.
Vintage COCO (84) EDP.
COCO is the goldilocks "just right" of Orientals. Old luxury is a slightly understated, quality experience. That embodies COCO.

In its historical genre there's Opium (77), Cinnabar (78), Diva(83), Teatro Alla Scalla (85), Incognito (92).

Review for Vintage COCO EDP

COCO is the most balanced in the genre. There isn't a main ingredient you can point to and say "thats what dominates in COCO." That is its true strength. She is all her own done in Chanel style. You can see echoes of Diva and Opium within her DNA, yet balanced and refined for the Chanel house.

Her spices are never overdone, her fruits are luscious, the rose is a beautiful feminine addition. Its as beautiful as an Oriental can get. She will be loved because there isnt a part of her that stands out too much, or not liked for not having a distinct identity and perspective. Perfect example of a well crafted, strong, classy, non offensive benchmark in perfumery. The only reservation I have is when hunting the vintage, in my experience the strength fades overtime.
This is gorgeous and I understand why it is such a classic. There is such incredible scent development and smooth transitions.

Coco opens with bright mandarin, something akin to orange blossom and is supported by opulent rose and jasmine. After about 20-30 minutes the sparkling citruses dissipate, the florals deepen and a very smoothed spice develops. There is also a mild sweetness in the background. Not sugar sweet, more of a vanilla bean which is rounded out by a touch of powder. Roughly 8 hours later it is still very present. It has softened and the creamy sweetness of the vanilla bean and powder is more prominent. The strength of this perfume is in it's balance. Everything that is loud or soft feels like it is meant to be that way, like a well composed piece of music.

Sillage is moderate to heavy at maybe around 4-5 feet and lasting power is incredible at 10+ hours (outdoors in dry/cold weather on dry skin). 

I don't go through bottles of perfumes....but this I could see buying multiples. It's a classic for good reason.
What an interesting scent! It's as sophisticated and elegant as one would expect from Chanel, sparkling with aldehydes and with enough self-assurance to support its eccentricity. It lingers in the mind and reminds me of...something, I don't know what: an evening long ago, a garden breeze at night with crystalware tinkling in the distance, a torchlit veranda...something. It's edgy and romantic at the same time.

Coco is available in EDP, EDT and parfum concentrations. The EDP lasts for 24 hours on my skin, without losing any of its structural integrity throughout its development and drydown. When Coco finally fades away, it does so without reverting to the rubbery synthetic smell that I've noticed in the last stages of most reformulations: it is very much like a fine vintage fragrance, rich from beginning to end, with perfectly blended floral, fruit and spicy notes (similar to Opium, but more stately). 

One reviewer said that Coco smells like old-fashioned cough syrup, and I understand that perception; for me, though, there's enough going on here to lift it out of the medicinal family of notes, and set it apart. Coco is an unusual beauty which needs to be appreciated with an open mind, on its own terms. I find it simply stunning.


Coco literally came into my dreams last night, which is fitting because to me it's always been an ethereal fragrance. The opening is loud, sweet, and a little spicy. As it heats up on your skin, the subtle florals come out, until it falls into it's slightly spicy-vanilla drydown. There is a certain note in Coco, along with Antaeus and 31 Rue Cambon that always smells off to me. I attribute this to the labdanum, which I'm not crazy for. It feels a bit dry and dusty to me. It's worth noting that while the opening smells nothing alike, Antaeus and Coco definitely share a similar dry down. I prefer the bath products for this reason, as they have more of the heart and opening, and less of the dry down. In liquid form, I've owned the parfum, and tested the EDP and EDT. For me, the parfum and EDP are the best, and I find the EDT a little anemic for me, but if the others are too strong you may enjoy it.

Salutation.

Unique as you are.COCO is one of the most influential creations in the whole of perfume's history,it is really beyond words...Everything about it spells drama,opulence,striking features and indulgence of the senses.This legendary perfume definitely makes you feel like you are worth more than a million dollars.Memorable,Rich,Special, Ladylike,Exquisite,Sensual, Glamorous,Spicy,Classic and Very French. 

It is rich and sophisticated with hints of orient spices.COCO starts with notes of pomegranate blossom,peach and orange blossom that is fresh yet strong,adding a garland of tempering elements with a soapy vibe(orange blossom and rose)and some spices(clove and clover).the unforgettable and warm base notes full of animalistic civet,tonka bean,amber and vanilla which projects it is seductive message "i am all woman,come sit by me". 

I would truly recommend it for anyone who wants to turn heads in any room.COCO is for the outgoing and excellent personality of the perfect lady.definitely for Autumn and Winter and a Special Evening.Looking great and smelling great is always is in style. wearing COCO will make you smell great.In fact COCO and a wonderful outfit,will make any lady look and smell wonderful.

Sillage?Superb. 

Longevity?Amazing. 

8/10
I first bought this for myself when I was a teenager and I love this. It has been my signature fragrance for years. The newest reformulation has me glad that I have two bottles of EDP I bought back in the nineties. I bought the Parfum this last year and love it. I would highly advise anyone buying this to go for the Parfum instead of the EDP or EDT. You won't be disappointed.
Genre: Woody Oriental

Coco was Chanel’s contribution to the bevy of dense spiced amber orientals that helped define 1980s perfumery, and I find it hard to discuss without reference to its earlier counterparts, Opium and Cinnabar.  All three lean heavily upon cinnamon, cloves, opoponax, and heady rose and orange blossom, but coming from Chanel, Coco is more refined and elegant, less dense and garish, than either of the others, and hence much easier to wear. 

Coco’s amber is less dark and viscous than Opium’s or Cinnabar’s, its clove is less pronounced, and its opopanax is less exposed and angular. Fewer spices and a persistent sweet citrus note brighten Coco’s heart, and the floral accord is softened by a powdery mimosa that plays no apparent part in the Lauder or the St. Laurent. Together with a more prominent vanilla in the drydown, this powdery accent rounds and softens Coco’s contours, rendering it more pretty and slender than its rivals while at the same time aligning it more closely with the Chanel house style, as established by No. 5, Bois des Îles, and Cuir de Russie.

While no fragrance in this style could reasonably be called understated, Coco comes closer than most. Sillage, projection, and endurance are all ample, but next to Opium, or even Cinnabar, Coco seems downright retiring. Whereas Opium and Cinnabar, applied lightly, make perfectly fine masculine orientals in the vein of Jaïpur Homme or JHL, Coco always strikes me as more gender-specific. On the other hand, its relative sense of proportion leaves it much more viable for today’s women than its more flamboyant predecessors.

Review for the EDT.

I absolutely love this one! A warm, spicy, sensual oriental. I love how this smells. In fact I actually think this is unisex. Cloves, Spices, Amber, dark resins, creamy sandalwood, I can see this totally working on a man. I also see this much in the same way that I would something by Serge Lutens (whose perfumes are very rich and heady and are inspired by Morocco).

The fragrance itself opens up to me with a blast of cloves, I also get a type of orange blossom smell, and peach or plum (dried fruit accord). I also detect Jasmine, and Jasmine is actually my favorite smell. There is also some prominent rose, but the base is where it all happens; resins, amber, vanilla and tonka, dry sandalwood... it's all there, and it's very very evocative! 

I've heard that Jacues Polge wanted to evoke Venice with this perfume (just as Shalimar was inspired by India and Opium by the Middle East and Southeast Asia etc.), and I can totally see Venice in this. Italian, Baroque and also Oriental, with spices and rich, warm sensuality. Jaques Polge himself would later refine the spices (along with more wood, leather and tobacco) to create his eventual masterpiece "Egoïste" released 6 years after Coco.

I remember trying the female Opium EDP and I think this is a lot more wearable for those who couldn't wear that. It's Chanel, and a Chanel is never too loud, it knows just when to stop and hold you there, without being too loud or overpowering. In fact to my nose Coco is like a spicy, exotic, oriental version of No. 5; and just like No. 5, it makes a statement. It's grown up, it's mature, but also sensual and in-control. It's for someone who knows a little about life and is experienced both in mind and body. Someone who isn't afraid to be who they are, instead they celebrate it.

I don't know if that description helps, but that's what Coco brings across to me. Warm, sensual, passionate, loving and even a little amount of danger at the edges. It takes guts to wear this, but it's totally worth it. Pure Emotion in a bottle.
How does Coco manage to smell fruity when there are no fruits listed in its ingredients? Masterful blending and the use of damascenes. Spicy, sweet, strong and warm.

Barbara Herman's notes are somewhat different from those listed above:

Top: Mandarin, Pimiento, Coriander
Middle: Rose, Carnation, Ylang Ylang, Cinnamon, Orris, Patchouli, Vetiver, Sandalwood, Tuberose.
Base: Olibanum, Amber, Benzoin, Vanilla, Musk, Honey, Civet

This is not a demure scent. It is right out there and in your face, like Patou's Joy or Lanvin's Arpege. Turin calls it "elegant spicy" and gives it four stars. He also points out the new use of damascenes, which smell like "complex dark, dried fruit."

This is an ultra-feminine scent for a mature woman. Guys, stay away - not even remotely a unisex scent.  Quite fine and for me, Chanel's best scent for women.
This is absolutely beautiful. Albeit not for the faint of heart, wearing this around sensitive noses will bring out a myriad of complaints about allergies and headaches. 

The EdP version is the only one I've worn and the inital blast is a bit much. Sharp and downright unpleasant, even. But give it an hour on the skin and it blossoms into the most beautiful, spicy, radiating scent. 

In my everyday life, Coco is a bit much, and a little too attention-grabbing (not many 20-somethings will wear this one after all...), I've taken to wearing a little bit of the lotion, which is very true to the fragrance and actually projects like your average EdT even when you only use a little. 

Highly recommended! I could see this working on a daring man too, actually. It's not girly, even if it's feminine in nature, and it's just beautiful all around. 
This is a great '80s perfume that has been sadly eclipsed by its far less interesting younger sisters, Coco Mademoiselle and, more recently, Coco Noir.  Soapy florals and a delicious cinnamon-flavoured dry-down make this a lovely winter smell.  When I'm wearing it, I imagine myself snuggled up in a leather armchair with a wool blanket keeping warm by the fire as the snow falls outside.  Unlike its younger siblings it does not aim to please by being overly sweet - it makes no apologies for who it is.  Yet unlike similar fragrances from the era, it does not overpower.  Coco is high on my wish list.
Ahhh Coco. The perfume that rescued Chanel for me.  As much as I love and respect No.5 on other people, it smells stale and sweaty on me. As with many of Chanel's creations, I was forced to admit that they just didn't suit my chemistry.  That was until I met Coco.  The ingredients, top notes, middle notes and dry down have been articulated far more accurately and eloquently by others here.  All I can write about it how Coco makes me feel.  She is a winter fragrance for me.  Whenever I wear her, I feel lava hot, invincible...and pretty darn foxy.
A classic floral/oriental with a spicy soul, the Jacques Polge's trademark and an impressively charismatic aura of elegance and gorgeous spiciness, something familiar to each of us, evocative about a left back feminine type of "radiant mystery" once swirling around in the air constantly (almost everywhere) and nowadays veiled (I mean unfortunately replaced) by the "new-age" common gassy/chemical orchidea (or stuffs like that) based modern insecticides. Yes, Coco is extremely elegant "at distance" (logistical and temporal), is massive, mystic, velvety, somewhat impenetrable, slightly aldehydic (i suppose) and subtle in the background (a backwardly emerging floral/spicy patchouli spark in the middle of musks, indolic floral notes, woods and balsams). I definitely agree with Foetidus as i detect a forceful soul of spicy patchouli (cinnamon for sure), almost addle (somewhat fruity) rose/jasmine/mimosa (the latter just noticeable by me in the top) and amber, the first approach being deliciously fruity (I detect peach and orange indeed in the top), spicy (more than vaguely Cinnabar jumps on mind, I detect the aromatic coriander's influence among ripe and mild spices) and with a thick and animalic mossy (labdanum) background along the base which nails the aroma down among the classic spicy/boise hystorical chypre. A coconutty/tobacco spark emerges vaguely from the final mossy and fruity-spicy amalgam. The patchouli is stout, rosey, slightly earthy, hesperidic and spicy till the end, representing under my nose the royal backbone of this old-school ambery floral chypre (the complicate intricacy of Tabu and Youth Dew come partially on mind on the final stage). Class and refinement dominate the scene with this textured and "fragrant" potion. Sillage and longevity deserve a commendation for sure. Coco will be forever a potion created to elevate each "measured" woman on the stage of Queen. 
#5 but better and more complex	I love this perfume; there is nothing else to say, in the end. One of the first "real" perfumes I ever smelled was Chanel no. 5; it was nice, but after all the hype, I was a little disappointed. I liked the newer, (then) trendier Obsession better. When I first smelled Coco in 1994, I felt as if Chanel finally got it right. Like so many scores of others, I detect a close kinship with 5. Along with that, there is a deeper feel to Coco, and the drydown is heavenly. For some few people, the drydown turns a bit sharp, but it is a chemistry issue rather than a fault with Coco's formulation. Although it was created in the 1980s, it is a lasting classic. Just as with any scent, you should be fine in the office as long as you don't douse yourself. But you might want to! Good anytime, but excellent in cold weather and for (classier) evenings. Not too formal, but appropriate for formal occasions. You will have to decide for yourself whether you like it in hot weather. I love it anytime, but some people think it's too strong for summers. Give me Coco any day over the boring one-note concoctions omnipresent these days. Layers well with real vanilla oil. I need to get some more of this and try it out with something like Wish or Angel. Coco strikes me as amenable to the gourmand side of things.Pros: Very likeableCons: It might not work with your chemistry"
Absolutely amazing	This is my favourite scent by Chanel, I can't help but smile each time I remove the bottle's cap and treat myself to two or three spritzes of the EDP. The opening is a delicious blend of amber, peach, roses and other florals. On my skin, the scent gets better with the dry-down ... becoming more 'edible' and warm as time goes by, perhaps due to the tonka bean and opoponax. And it lasts! If I spritz myself early in the evening, the scent is still there on my skin in the morning. Highly recommended.
I prefer the EDT, lighter and more wearable than the EDP, too strong and sweet for me(and I must say I love strong perfumes). It has the Chanel elegance and is very complex and feminine. A masterpiece.
I've worn COCO body cream (the one that comes in the clear glass box with the blackand gold screw on top) ever since I read a descrition of it in 1984 when it first came out.  It has been my signature scent ever since - I only wear the body cream however the purfume does not smell the same on me.  I've had countless strangers ask me what I wear and several of my girl friends have tried it including my sister =  Interestingly it DOES matter what your personal chemistry is with this fragrance - not everyone can wear it.  None of my friends can wear it - It doesn't smell the same on my sister either - who loves how it smells on me.  THere's nothing like COCO - I absolutely love it - I feel like it was made just for me.      

This was beautiful at first. Warm and spicy. I sprayed it on my left wrist and kept sniffing at it, almost compulsively, in wonderment. 

Then, about three hours after spraying, I started having some sort of perfume panic. The smell was getting to me. Horribly. Finally I almost raced to the bathroom to wash off the scent. 

I had to scrub my arm three separate times to get the smell off of me. I almost threw up. 

How many spritzes did I give my wrist? Three. That was clearly two too many. 

I will try again when the mental/physical reaction (AUUUGGGHH GET IT AWAY FROM ME GET IT AWAY FROM ME!!!) goes away. 

It's beautiful. Just way, way too much. 

EDITED: Three months later, I am as one with Coco. Our differences are past.* The repulsion caused by too much perfume too soon has faded, and I have fallen deeply in love with this scent. I wear it when I want to impress. I wear it when I want to feel good about myself, or lift myself from a funk or sad mood. It makes me feel sexy and powerful. 

Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. It shimmers and glows, and enfolds. It invites, it smiles. It is wonderful. 

* I suspect it was the strong tonka bean and heavy vanilla base that killed me when I first tried it. I have had a powerful aversion to strong vanilla and tonka bean. Thankfully, I can handle it now. For others who detest heavy vanilla in perfume, be warned. 
Another year round daytime scent for me.  On me it smells crisp & lightly floral, I was surprised that it's considered an Oriental.  The The body lotion is quite moisturizing, not just nice scent in a quickly drying lotion.  If you wear the lotion, go lightly on the parfum or it'll make your eyes water.    
I wore this Eau de Parfum just after it came out. I was in High School and my father bought me a 100ml refillable cartridge bottle for Hanukkah. As soon as I started wearing it the compliments just kept coming. 

This is the kind of fragrance that HAS to blend well with your bodily scent for it to come off as beautiful and timeless. I feel quite lucky that this is my personal scent. I put it on and it just blends so well with my natural chemistry that I feel it was made for me.

You should try it before buying it. It just might not smell good on you.

I love you Coco!
This is one gorgeous scent, reminds me of Christmas time.  It is moody, spicy, and can be a bit heavy if you are not careful.  To me, this is cold weather scent, and it lasts forever.  This is the epitome of what an oriental fragrance should smell like.    
Thumbs was up on this one. Probably my favorite Chanel scent, but I do love the orientals and this one has that spiciness I like.  She is deep and alluring, very sexy. Aredore describes her very well.
This is definitely in my top 10 sexiest scents a woman can wear.  It turns my head, in a good way.  Pheromonally attractive. 
Coco is the scent I adopted after Beautiful. Beautiful got me through the virginal high school years, and Coco is what I switched to when those years had passed. 
Coco is throaty, and seductive. If Beautiful is what I wear during the day, Coco is what I switch to after work, for long nights out. It lasts the whole time, and leaves a nice lingering scent on whomever I happened to get close to. These days that would be my husband, and he knows when I wear this fragrance, it is going to be an interesting night! It is one he never lets me run out of, lol! There is something about this fragrance that brings out the sultry, that helps you let your guard down and be more flirtatious, this is the "three shots into the night" feeling, in a pretty bottle. 

Coco is the smoky eyed brunette to No. 5's red lipped blonde. There's a lot less subtlety and more flippant color. Think saxophones in lieu of pianos. 

Top notes are glimmering orange and vague segments of southeast tropics. It's markedly warm and sweet (perhaps cloying to some) while retaining a great spice trailer. Floral notes like rose and orange flower are overpowered by the dark gourmand ones that come at the end. The drydown lasts forever and ever. Tonka and vanilla are the big lingerers, very thick and strong. 

All spice and syrup, I feel it's the more enigmatic of the 80's oriental princesses. Obsession is too glossy and Poison too fizzy, but Coco is just opaque enough to be the solid winner for its sensible loudness. The wholly recondite sex appeal puts it in the category of covered up eroticism rather than bare skin sexy. Once you remove the shoulder pad and cigarette images associated with its launch, you discover it's truly a modern scent better suited to third dates than boardrooms. 

This all being said, I definitely wouldn't wear it. I would however encourage very hot hot Bettie Page types to buy it in bulk. 
Coco is hot stuff!!
Grown up, spicy, glamourous and definitely Chanel! Sillage is immense, lasting power is extremely good, especially on clothes, I can still smell it on my scarf even after 5 or 6 days. 
Coco is what I wanted No5 to be, but I don't enjoy that at all, thank goodness I found Coco, my classic Chanel!
(2009) My BF bought it for me for my BD. His says it is his fav on me. I love it too, it is spicy and deep, could have been a little sweeter IMO. Like very few EDP it causes a warm sensation on my skin for hours.
Disillusioned with Mademoiselle - which was very specifically targeted towards my age group - I requested a sample of the original.

Good god, this thing is beautiful.

This was back when I wanted to make Shalimar my signature - the smoky citrus-vanilla wore on me like second skin, sexy like a cozy cable knit sweater “accidentally” showing off the lace of my bra.

Coco is aggressively sexy. She’s a big, bosomy, come-hither spicy floral with solid musculature and good bones. Smoky, resinous and rich, I imagine a dark-haired ingénue towering over me in a power suit and heels. Her eyes are kholed and cold. Red-lacquered lips form words through a cloud of cigarette smoke; “You are not worthy.” I cower and slide coco back on the shelf. Such voluptuous magnificence was never meant for uncertain waiflike figures.

Yet I covet this thing I can never be. When I am brave enough to wear it, my nose is glued to my arm, lost in a fantasies of impossible romantic escapades. I am powerful, aggressive, beautiful, transfixing. Desire me. Fear me. I am Coco.

I have been wanting to try Coco for a long time and would periodically sniff the bottle when I was passing the Chanel counter, only to put it down without spraying it on. The top notes of this seemed to assault the senses which always put me off. However, my mother re-educated me and said I HAD to wear it to appreciate it, and boy was she right.
On first application this went 'pow!', I've worn No'5 since I was a teen so know Chanel scents have a reputation for having that  BIG opening only to meld into your skin and soften but Coco takes it to a whole new level. I resisted the urge to wash it off and thank goodness. As the middle notes came to the fore I was still undecided if I liked it or not, it was so different to the sort of fragrances I usually love. But by the time it got to the base notes I had decided I most definitely did like it. The dry down on this is soft and subtle and sexy, I *need* a bottle.
I'm  men and I know this is a very femenine fragance, but I love it and I like how this wear to me. I don't know why young girls don't use this fragance... This fragance in a party girl should wear very nice.

blame on coco
*** UPDATE: 09/22/11  I am definitely more pleased with each wearing! I agree with other reviews in that this one seems to grow on you with time. While I absolutely LOVE Coromandel, Coco is more "comfortable". I can actually see me wearing it to rake leaves, shopping for used books, a date for pastry & coffee. Yes, I like it. :)

Today I sniffed Coco by Chanel for the third or fourth time. Decided to wear it. I took some steps to add a little longevity and I have to admit, I like it better this time. I loved the spicy, "sparkling" stuff at the beginning. The middle fell a little flat. I'm beginning to think I may not like jasmine? Then the base stepped up. I really enjoy the scent's warmth and hint of spice, but must say, I wish it ws "more". More spice, more heat more sweetness, more smoke, more something!

This is considered such a classic, I'll probably try it again, but so far, cannot justify a bottle... 


This might be my favorite Chanel. An intense warm floral, for some reason it reminds me a bit Hermes' 24, Faubourg, Guerlain's  Shalimar,  and also a bit of others Chanel fragrances like Bois Des Isles and No. 5. This vanilla and sweet base notes are just glorious!

Pure love. 

I just grew into this fragrance after not understanding it in my childhood. This scent to me now is so welcoming and perfect. I can picture myself enjoying it for many years to come.
I really wouldn't classify Coco Chanel as being an oriental spicy scent as I find that description to be very misleading. To me, Coco Chanel is an intense and rich floral.

I had almost given up on Chanel fragrances; I had disliked No.5 and No.19 with a passion and had only appreciated Allure in small quantities. However, Coco was such a sophisticated, feminine, seductive and classic fragrance. 

Coco is elegance and class in a bottle. The opening is a fresh burst of florals and the heart is a gloriously warm and spicy rose mixed with spices.

The drydown was absolutely divine with a beautiful aura of rich vanilla, making this fragrance's composition the result of a very talented and masterful perfumer.

I am far too young to wear this type of fragrance and get away with it, but I don't doubt I'll be revisiting this when I'm older.


My favorite Chanel after Coromandel.

I tried this in a provincial department store, back when I was a glum teenager who longed for the bright lights and the big city. I wanted to love it -- I wanted to be sophisticated, to be effortlessly chic just like Mlle Chanel. But I HATED Coco (of course, back then I sniffed too early, and the strong opening put me off). Disappointed, I snagged Coco Mademoiselle -- a scent I loved passionately but have now long outgrown -- instead.

Ten years later, I gave Coco another whirl. I was just starting to understand a little about perfume then, and though Coco didn't grab me, I liked her much better than before.

Today, I tried one more time. And you know... I am so sad I didn't love Coco from the get-go. I'm sad for all the days I didn't spend with her.

Truly, this is beautiful. Truly. I know the word "classic" is dreadfully overused but it DOES apply to Coco. It is a perfect composition. Each note is perfectly balanced, glowing warmly and sweetly, smiling up at you. Coco captures something timeless and eternal -- the exquisite strength of a young woman who relies on no-one, a girl of matchless wit and grace.

What is it about the best Chanels that awaken such deep emotion in me? This is for wet spring days, sleeting winter skies, hungover weekends and quiet introspection.

*****

If you're thinking of trying this because it's a "classic fragrance", but you know you aren't much of a connoisseur (and there is nothing wrong with that), do three things:

1. look for the EDP. Don't start out with the EDT, it's a little too harsh and it doesn't warm up in the same way as the EDP.

2. don't pay any attention to the first few minutes. Coco has the standard Chanel sledgehammer opening -- even if you like the scent of it, it can seem incredibly strong and that may bias you against the scent unnecessarily. Give a single spray on a pulse point, and then LEAVE it. Wait a good five minutes before sniffing.

3. don't berate yourself for not loving Coco immediately. (I know too many girls who own a bottle for the chic factor, but refuse to wear the scent because they "can't stand it". don't do that! it's so silly.) Put her back on the shelf and promise her you'll catch up with her later. Sniff around, shop around, and try her again sometime.
Coco brings to mind an image of a party girl.  Think Holly Golightly after a night of hard partying.  But really, it could be any girl who started out the evening looking like the cover of Vogue and ending up a Cosmopolitan outtake.  Her make-up is smeared, her hair dishevelled, she fell into her bed with her dress half off and her panty hose still on.  A brandy glass still in her hand.  She smells of a rich perfume that started out sharp and sexy and now has gone soft and silky.  Her sheets will smell of it for a week.  Even the cat likes it and has curled up under the girls' chin and fallen into the deepest sleep.  
For some reason when she awakens she does not feel as though the night before was a mistake.  She is relaxed, comfortable and cozy.  She drifts in and out of sleep, dreaming vaguely of France, where she's never been.  It's the Paris she's seen in movies.
When she gets out of bed she does not have a hangover.  She goes to her local bakery for a croissant and coffee.  She smells her wrist.  Coco is still there, sweeter than the cinammon bread.  She gazes out into the wet afternoon.
This one is pure emotion.
The emotion that one feels when is faced with an absolute masterpiece, a monument of perfumery world.
The "Venetian" oriental, halfway between Paris and the Orient, speaks for itself and it would be presumptuous to try to interpret it with words.
Jacques Polge has earned his place in the Olympus of perfume gods: this is perfumery conceived as an art.
Any perfume lover should test Coco at least once in his life, otherwise you might be missing everything.

I find the vintage form to only be flattering on me.  The modern version does absolutely nothing for me, nor does it smell nearly as good.
I'm not exactly a wealthy man, and don't have the bigger $$$ to drop on the parfum or EDP of Coco, so I'm reviewing my small bottle of the EDT here. I'm familiar with Coco, No. 5, and several masculine Chanels, and the thing I have to mention whenever reviewing something from this house is that these fragrances are "abstract"; they are not the concise pyramidal formulas of other houses, with easily identifiable top, middle, and basenotes. The general impression left by a classic Chanel like Coco is one of warmth, depth, softness, and quality. The EDT is no exception, although it is much leaner than its counterparts. With that said, I usually don't concur with the notes pyramids here on basenotes, but if ever there was one that captures the gist of the scent, it's this one - Coco does boast heady doses of mimosa, frangipani, and sweet citrus fruits over a rosy heart and vanillic labdanum base. However, none of these notes leap forward to take a starring role. The fragrance comes alive in a sweet and fruity haze, progresses rapidly into an array of powdery flowers, and eventually fades into the sugary mist from whence it came. Somewhere along the way I get a bubblegum effect, which soon trades up to a gauzy leather. Coco is certainly geared toward the feminine, but in 2011 these gender barriers are anachronisms. It is sweet, a little powdery, and a lot floral, but the spare leather effect of the EDT makes Coco a charming alternative to the brutal masculine orientals on the market today. 
a very attractive scent for a woman. giving compliments where theyre due.with a slight warmth vanilla cocoa presence.

I put a dab on filter paper and dropped it in a brandy snifter and covered it. Later, after sniffing out its progression, I put the snifter on a shelf and forgot about it. Two weeks later, when I wanted to test another fragrance, I smelled the snifter with the paper still in it, and got a transparently beautiful patchouli, rose/jasmine, cinnamon, and amber accord. This serendipitous experience was almost as impressive as the scent itself. Coco—stripped to its essential elements—superbly and cleanly elegant and refined…still carrying a surprising bit of olfactory substance.

Coco is forceful—sophisticatedly, femininely, and ornately forceful. It is based on that solid, elegant core of patchouli, rose/jasmine, cinnamon and amber. The other notes—aldehydes, coriander, peach, mimosa, clove, sandalwood, civet, vanilla, among others—are elegant decorations, decadent trimmings, grace notes to the core quartet. My experience echoes tigrushka’s description: “Coco is like the simplest possible Little Black Dress worn with the most barbaric gold jewelry.” Great call, Tigs...

Originally submitted  22 April 2007

I began my perfumista journey 2 years ago and have spent a lot of money on hundreds of samples, and had a wonderful time exploring and learning and reveling. Imagine my surprise at having Coco end up being my all time favorite? To me it is the most beautiful, gorgeous, wonderful smell in the whole world, ever and always. Amen.
Lovely.  Vintage (not too old - 90's?) EdP wears close to the body, dominated by a dried rose petal note which is slightly powdery & smoothed by underlying vanilla/tonka.  I'd have to love rose more to wear it regularly -- on a friend of mine, though, it's barely floral - oriental resin/wood/spice notes predominate, beautifully.
I tried this when it first came out, loved it, and for years wore nothing else. It has taken me a while to get the message that there's no law against a spot of philandering when it comes to perfumes - monogamy is such a waste of time when there are so many gorgeous fragrances out there - but I'll always have a bottle of Coco to come back to.
opulence...
I struggled in NYC in my twenties - trolling for pennies to buy bagels on the weekend....walking everywhere....dating for dinners..faking until I made it in the fashion industry. One Thanksgiving I was so tired of being afraid and lonely and broke -- and my mother and sister surprised me with a visit. They raved about my courage and my ambition and took me out to eat and bought me a bottle of the latest Chanel perfume, Coco, from Bergdorfs..That smell brought about a beatific moment that let me feel that by God's grace, I would  prevail. I must say Coco contains many 'holy' notes and does smell heavenly.  So whenever I am feeling average or doubt my ability, I remember that Thanksgiving and Coco's smell of encouragement. This is the one I give as a gift when I am feeling grand.

On a trip to the drugstore, they had the "inspired by" scents on sale. I'm always looking for new scents, and $5 is a cheap way of sampling when I can't get to the store. Picked up the Light Blue dupe in rollerball and was pleasantly surprised. My wife liked it as well, so I picked up the real thing, which we share. This is a light, pleasant acquatic scent with minimal sillage but decent longevity that I enjoy right out of the shower on a warm day. 
the scent of happiness, like walking inside a sunny coastal Italian village.
Green apple reigns supreme, followed by Scicilian lemon.
Sweet, yet fresh.
A more appropriate name would be "Light Green" instead of "Light Blue".
A decade and a half later and this is still love or hate.

Depends on your fragrant journey so far, and whether your nose can handle the aroma chems at play here.

It is sweet, super crisp and fresh, yet maintains some saltiness to allow a natural-ity to shine through.

Atelier's Atlas Cedar is very close to this, though Light Blue predates it by over a dozen years.  Also recalls Versace Man Eau Fraiche. 
For a dept. store fragrance, this is incredible in terms of projection, sillage, and longevity.  My wife spritzes this upstairs in the bathroom, and I smell it downstairs.  It leaves a sillage trail for quite awhile.  It has a unique scent that unfortunately everyone is wearing.  Like Acqua di Geo during it's heyday, Light Blue is part of the air you breath.  Citrus for sure, there is a cedar/musk/floral component that makes it unique. 
I wore this perfume back in 2009-10, it was a good time in my life. I bought some last night cause it was on sale at Walgreens, and boy it brought back great memories. Love this fragrance, it lasts all day and is not offensive or overbearing. Perfect for everyday wear. 
Probably one of the most pleasant citrusy scents I've come across. The citrus is mellow and sweet, rather than tangy or sharp. Light Blue is somehow cool and warm at the same time. It's an incredibly pleasant scent, relaxing and laid back. Beachy, breezy, serene.
There's a reason this fragrance has been so very popular. It's because it smells good, is exceptionally easy to wear, and is highly versatile: appropriate for day or night, for work or play, for going out to dinner or for just slobbing around the house. Part of the reason for that versatility, I suspect, is the pure simplicity of its concept: it basically comes down to two equally high-pitched and nasal facets--the sharp musky cedar below and the tart lemon/apple above--oscillating against each other to eternity. The result is a kind of olfactory moire effect, shimmery and (to my nose, anyway) quite pleasant.

I suspect that Light Blue may also carry an additional appeal to Americans in particular, due to the strong hygenic associations of its three major notes, each of which, in their own way, can be said to represent cleanliness. Lemon, of course, is very strongly associated with cleaning products, while that tart green apple note is commonly used in the US to scent shower gels, shampoos, and astringent facial toners. The cedar, meanwhile, brings to mind cedar-lined linen closets or cedarwood chests, used to keep stored clothing clean and fresh and safe from moths. Put them all together, and you're definitely appealing to a desire for cleanliness, or "freshness." I tend to associate that desire with American tastes -- we do love the whole squeaky-clean aesthetic here!--but perhaps it is more universal than I realize. 

My one criticism of this fragrance is that it can get a bit screechy sometimes. I referred above to both the cedar and the tart fruit facets as "high-pitched and nasal," and while I realize that I'm engaging in an aural analogy there, it's the best way I can think of to describe exactly what I mean. They're both sour, sharp, astringent fragrance types, the sort that can really seem to get all the way up into your sinuses sometimes. Since I enjoy sharp and astringent smells, I'm not bothered at all by that aspect of Light Blue, but I can certainly see how it might get in the way of others' enjoyment. That synthetic cedar stuff in the base (is that the Iso-E-Super people so often talk about?) is also extremely long-lasting and tenacious in a stickily pervasive musk-like way -- should you take a dislike to it, you *will* be smelling it for days, not only wherever you sprayed it, but also on anything and everything that got too close to the original spray. You have been warned.

Sadly, while I enjoy Light Blue on other people, it doesn't behave very well on me. When I wear it myself, the lemon and apple notes disappear very quickly, while the cedar becomes *ludicrously* accentuated; the end result is that I wind up walking around for hours smelling very much like a hamster cage. A *clean* hamster cage, mind you, but still very much a hamster cage. So it's not one that I keep around, but I always enjoy smelling it on others. Quite fortunate for me, that, because this fragrance is so very, very popular that once you know what it smells like, you will find yourself encountering it everywhere. 
Nice crisp citrus. Nothing new. Simple and clean. Good frag for summer at $30/100ml. 
I love D&G Light Blue.  Maybe it's my particular chemistry, but when I wear it, I receive very appreciative compliments from family members, co-workers, friends, and total strangers. (One of only a few fragrances I've worn in my life that generate so many positive comments.) I will also catch a whiff of it on clothing I've worn and think how lovely it smells. 

I give D&G Light Blue 5 stars overall, and 4 each for longevity and sillage.
Light Blue is simply wonderful. It's a light, refreshing and uplifting scent perfect for daily use. It's fairly minimalistic with decent longevity and intimate sillage. I mostly get a buttery lemon paired with warm amber, but the notes are so well balanced you don't need any extras. Light Blue would be ideal for someone with a casual lifestyle. 
Light years better than light blue for men.  Fresh and long lasting.  I've even worn this.  Thumbs up.
I read a recommendation several years ago that men should try this fragrance.  And though I like the men's version of Light Blue, I think this might be the stronger of the two.  And stronger in more ways than one--i.e. this is a not a fragrance to over-apply.  Less is definitely more.  I like to apply this on top of different aftershaves (say Cool Wave or Skin Bracer) and see where it takes me.  I enjoy the green apple, but it lasts a bit too long in my opinion.  However, after an hour or so, I really enjoy the cedar and the way I catch whiffs of jasmine all day long.  It's light and springy.  And my I like it on my wife too.
I really get the Granny Smith apple in a big way with this fragrance.  I also get a touch of cedar, too.  Although I like the smell of this, I will not buy another bottle as when I had a bottle I wore it to death, and now I can smell it on every other person who walks by, and it smells the same on everybody.  
This is easily the best fragrance I've ever found to counter the abundance of overly-floral, cloyingly sweet, profusion of white flowers in the ladies' selection of "fresh" fragrances.  I'm not one to enjoy sweet fragrances, nor the pungently floral ones.  I have always searched for a truly earthy, woodsy, nature-inspired scent for ladies, minus the stuff I can't tolerate.  This is it.

Light Blue begins with a burst of citrus; after a few seconds, you begin to pick up the bluebells and bamboo, and as the fragrance dries down, the heart notes really shine -- cedarwood, amber, etc.  This fragrance has SERIOUS staying power, too; I can apply it lightly to my hair, and I can still smell it perfectly well the next DAY.  Scent is beautiful; apples, citrus, musk, and bamboo, draped beautifully over a heart of cedar and moss.  When your three-year old niece buries her face in your hair and inhales deeply over and over and says, "You smell soooooo good..." -- well, you know you've got a winner.

I love Light Blue.  I wish there was a bit more of the cedarwood and moss heart after drydown.  To me, it would then be truly perfect.

Very sexy! On a girl, I think a man shouldn't wear this. It reminds me of a super hot chick. Leaves a scent trails and catches attention. Synthetic? Didn't even thought about it, this thing just works!

Sexy as hell on a girl, I wish more fragrances had such projection.
It´s beautiful and deliciously wonderful! I simply use it since I was a teenager... And I´m very proud to say that it was the first perfume I bought to myself... and it´s perfect and I´m love for it since the first time! 

And for those who says that a popular perfume is not good I recommend to read some articles/books from Turin (not so much - weird bad taste) and my favorite - Chandler Burr!!! 
I love Light Blue, I love J´adore, I love Coco, I love Tommy Girl... Popular? Yes, but damn good!!!

"You don’t consciously register the wood, but its smooth surface deepens and warms the citrus. One of the most perfectly executed perfumes of the past decade, it is almost insanely good." - D&G Light Blue ***** - Chandler Burr 

Just to know how to appreciate a good scent! 
It doesn´t matter if a lot of people use it!!!
All time favourite!
9 or 10 years ago, I got a sample in a club, I was a teenager, me and my friends fell in love with Light Blue...the first elegant, expensive perfume, we became so cool at school :D
Now, it's guite popular, but  I don't care, I still love it. Funny, but I've never realized the lemon in it, rather jasmine :)  I can't describe its freshness, I feel myself confident, fresh, clean, sexy all day.  Thank God, it stay all day long on my skin. It's strange, I'm not a kind of "light blue" girl, actually hate this colour, and I've never tought this fragrance fits to me, but I love wearing it!!!
I decided to buy something else, something unique (an other Dolce Gabbana perhaps), but I couldn't find anything acceptable, I'm gonna purchase an other LB tonight.  
It has a very pleasant grapefruity(isn't stated in the notes but I detect a trace of it somehow)/lemony note, yet not overpowering, great for summer. Definitely fits the light blue ad, gives the exact same mediterranean vibe. Its amazing on guys as well, I got more compliments from both sexes with this compared to the pour homme version. Wouldn't call it a must buy, but its a safe summer/beach scent to say the least.
I like this fragrance very much. It opens up with a freshness that i cannot describe in words. It's not overbearing. It stands out from other fragrances as it is quite unique.

Fresh, hints of floral with apple blossom. Perfect for those casual summer days. My words don't do it justice. I like that it isn't overpowering and that it's not too complex. 

I can see why it is still rated as one of the most top selling fragrances for women =)

The bottle is quite simple. It is not misleading at all, as the fragrance also is quite simple...but so nice. When i look at it, reminds me of a clean crisp day at the beach.

Notes as described on fragranceheaven.com.au:

Light Blue by Dolce & Gabbana is a delicious combination of lively Sicilian citron and effervescent Granny Smith Apples, which are softened and ethereally blended with the intensity of freesia, jasmine, earthy musk and amber to provide a stunning perfume that's both overwhelming and irresistible. It is recommended for casual wear. 
Normally I don't go for something so mainstream, but it's a fantasic summer scent for work. It's not dominantly floral or powdery. It's more feminine in the beginning but ends out being unisex in the end. That's fine with me, it's clean, fresh, & classy. I can see why it's so popular with nurses.
By far the best perfume I've ever worn... too bad I've outgrown it :(
I actually got this by accident.Whebn I realized it was for women I gave it to my mother.She used it for a bit and gave it back as she is not a big frag person like myself.  GQ mag suggested this can be a great scent for men.How right they were.Very fresh-refreshing.tHis scent is lush and "airy" ,especially on sweltering summer days.
Light blue is the best name for it, they're "baptized" it right.Very nice feeling to wear it, and yes, goes perfectly with light blue colured clothes, especially... light blue jeans. It feels a bit hippie in a delicate and smart way.The only minus is the lasting power, this wonderful perfume lasts even less than the EDCs from Bvlgari... so if you decide to get it, get a big bottle.
A lovely fresh scent for women.
In a nutshell:(1) Great, fresh and light citrus scent - with a hint of complexity. (2) Has very good staying power for a scent of this type. (3) This is a popular scent, so you will find many others wearing it, which is a negative if you want to wear something unique. 
Count me as another in the long line of men who prefer the original Light Blue to the relatively uninspiring pour Homme interpretation. The opening is quite sharp and actually downright masculine to my nose, though it softens significantly with all those florals in the mid notes. And those florals, by the way, are quite lovely, especially combined with the apple note which to my nose sticks around for a good while. Like walking through a fragrant garden while munching on a Granny Smith. This is a fun and completely unpretentious fragrance, something I find appropriate for a relaxing day out with friends or simply lounging around by yourself. A contemporary classic for good reason. 
This is a strange scent because it is something right in between Montales Soleil de Capri and Paco Rabannes Black XS (for Men). Now, I have never thought Soleil de Capri and Black XS have anything in common – anything at all – and in fact I still don’t, but oddly this is the exact crossroad between these two scents.It has more in common with Black XS, though. (Especially in the dry down)I get a crystal clear strawberry note in the beginning which is engaged with that apple note. I am not sure if this scent actually has a strawberry ingredient to it, or is it some sort of accord, but I smell strawberry very easily.Fresh, fruity, clean and very compelling. I love the crisp musky undertones in this. During the dry down Light Blue develops some green nuances (Granny Smith indeed comes to mind at this point) with the subtle almond-y smell in the distance. Very tasty.Like I said this reminds me of Soleil de Capri (same kind of combo of juicy citruses, white flowers and white musks) and Black XS (strawberry with woods and amber).Anyone (no matter whether you’re man or woman) who likes LB should checkout those two fragrances too because while these scents are similar there are still some distinctive differences as well.Black XS smells exactly like more masculine version of LB; it is slightly more dark and edgy with the notable patchouli note.Light Blue can easily be worn by men, but to my nose it still leans clearly more towards feminine side. This is a modern classic.
I liked the scent a lot.  I have been asked several times, what perfume I am wearing because they would say it smelled lovely.  I have not received compliments on my other perfumes except for this one.  It is something very casual that I can use at work daily without leaving a heavy perfumie kinda smell that I hate.  So to be considerate, this is my choice of scent at work. 
Light Blue to me is musky citrus cottom wool clouds. It certainly floats about for ages. I think it is both clean, warm and powdery. It is very distinctive, however this may be a bad thing as everyone wears this. When I first got to smell this, I was in Barcelona, and for a while it reminded me of my holiday there. Until I relaised that every girl 18-25 was bathing themselves in this stuff back in the UK, now it just makes me think of Bacardi Breezer swilling girls out on the pull in a Wetherspoons pub. Which is a real shame, as this is a lovely scent, when worn sparingly.
I prefer this version instead of the male version.  This female version smells fresh and can be worn by men also.  I read in GQ that men do prefer the female version instead of the male.  Plus women love it!   I get comments on it every time I wear it.  Give it a try, you might be surprised!  It also can be easily combined with other fresh scents.  Should of been labeled unisex.

juicy orange.a citrus scent that is beautiful in the summer
I like it.  Very fresh, like lemon juice when you first put it on.  But quickly mellows to a floral-fresh smell that makes me think of the ocean (or maybe that's my brain remembering the marketing pictures).  Unlikely to offend anybody.  I'm not in love with it, but it's very nice.
I really like this scent.  It is a very clean smelling scent,it kinda reminds me of lemony fresh laundry. I find it very refreshing when I put it on. I think it's a lot different than other perfumes in the sense that it's not overpowering. It is perfect for the office or everyday use.  The only thing that i do not like about the EDT is the staying power.  Then scent wears off too fast, I find myself re-applying throught the day. Other than that I would recommend this to anyone who prefers something that's light and classic.
loves it! loves it! LOVES IT!!
I feel Luca's and Tania's review of this was a little unfair. I agreed with nearly all of "perfumes: The Guide", but not with the review of this. Light Blue extends "floral fresh" in a new direction without the tiresome overdose of Calone used in the 90's. Totally unisex and devoid of any pretence, like a delicate cloud of duck egg blue powder. Men and women can enjoy this one. 
Simply gorgeous. A sparkling citrussy floral that is good any time of year but especially so in Spring and Summer due to the citrus. It is fresh, clean and complex and to me smells very expensive although, strangely, it can often be found for as little as £10 a bottle in the UK. I have got through a few bottles of this in the last five years, one a very large bottle and hope it is never discontinued (because the smelly things I love usually are not popular and therefore are discontinued - sob!). It seems to smell very different on each different person because a couple of times I have stopped people to ask what their gorgeous perfume is and they have said it was Light Blue. Perfume is a very personal and idiosyncratic choice so it's very hard and often inadvisable to buy perfume for someone 'blind' but I would always recommend this as a reasonably safe choice to a man wondering what to buy for a woman as I can't imagine many people not liking this perfume.
If you like this scent but wish it were slightly different, try Eclat d'Arpege by Lanvin.  It's very similar but better, in my opinion.  
It definitely could be a unisex fragrance, but it is masculine in its own right.  Fruity with a powdery dry down.  Pleasantly fresh.Great longevity like DG pour Homme as well as great sillage.Thumbs up.
In my opinion, so far, this is the best of the Dolce and Gabbana lot for both men and woman - and that is saying alot, but this is simply fantastic!  I wish the men's was this good! No matter, I'll wear them both, but prefer this one.  Guys, don't be afraid to use this!5 STARS!
Indeed a true «feel good thing...neutraly bright and cooly warm» -feotidussmells remarkably fresh n clean but in a way that avoids nowdays crap, yet the only recent fresh n clean designer feminine marketed for younger public that I truly respect. You see...  where I live, girls of my age (18-22) tend to wear things that are just.....how could I say in a proper language...that are just total crap (I'm talking to you cool water woman, ralph and swiss army). yet, light blue is a big exeption to all this nonsenseNo ozone/calone/cheap smelling childish too-sweet'n'-too-sour fruity florals.Instead we have a good accord of crisp greed and jucy green apple / fresh dry decamphorized cedar in the oppening , and what I suspect to be a healthy dose of Iso E super and Hedione that gives the haert notes a pure, clean and liquid feel (NOT AQUATIC PLEASE). For the rest, I could not say really.. perhaps the iso E super goes on and on, with a pretty little white musk and some more cedar. the whole thing is very very well crafted and balanced imo. this «perfume» was the weired characterirstic of being feminine and almost girly whithout being childish girly. Yet almost unisex for those of us who don't fuss about wearing feminine fragrances...by the way, I agree with the one who said that DnG shoud discontinue the newer light blue for man which is nothing compared to it's so called feminine alterego.
I bought this for my honeymoon trip and every time I smell this it reminds me of my honeymoon trip, It was a Caribbean Cruise, and Light Blue smelled delicious the entire time, it sticks for hours, but it never dulls or anything, it stays fresh and making you feel clean and cool, very recommendable for hot weathers.
Jumping on the bandwagon that the women's Light Blue could be unisex and that D&G should discontinue their Men's version. I had taken my girlfriend into the store to smell this specifically. She grabbed the bottle and smelled the atomizer cap only so I grabbed a card for her to spray on. She missed and sprayed my hand!This was terrible on the card HOWEVER I was able to test it out on my hand. Man I can't stop sniffing. A lightly powdery fruited cedar. I still smell it after 3 hours.
The Granny Smith apple note in the opening gives enough contrast with the cedar and bluebells to create a bit of olfactory surprise.  The whole floral fruity top level is smooth and refreshing and very nice if not extremely sophisticated.  It’s a feel good thing – neutrally bright and coolly warm.  The florals and bamboo of the middle continue with a smooth floral  / green dominated by a simple jasmine: the simplicity of the accord is captivating and is completely in tune with the vibes of the opening.  The base is more cedar and musk—quite recessive to my nose, but I think its sparsity is fully in tune with the theme of Light Blue.  I enjoy this scent; it is refreshing, it is the springtime and mountain lakes and butterfly filled meadows.  At times I think that Light Blue could be a unisex fragrance, but then there are times when it seems so youthfully feminine.  Regardless, it’s a charming scent and it deserves to be as popular as it is.
I like this fragrance a lot, it's so fresh and citrusy.However it doesnt' really have staying power on me which is a shame as I really like the scent.When I was buying this bottle I stumbled upon Dior Addict 2, which in my nose has something similar to this. 
The notes say green apple, but the fruit comes across as grapefruit to me, with notes of bubblegum.  No matter--these are man-made aromas, so any guess is as credible as the next.  This is a great fruity scent, sweet and vanillic, tart and juicy at the same time.  I find it soft and pretty, mellow and full, yet lively.  For reference, my favorite citrus fragrances are Moschino I Love Love, which has a zesty, definite grapefruit note, and Montale Soleil de Capri, which has a natural-smelling citrus.  Light Blue is another that I like, with its playful, mouth-watering, wad-of-bubblegum note.
LOL - I totally agree with what a few other people here seem to point out - over the past few years, it has indeed become a stocking-filler sort of fragrance.This perfume, along with Brut cologne spray, Piere Cardin, Lagerfeld Classic (a fantastic men's fragrance), Chloe and Anais-Anais, has indeed become a Christmas stocking filler perfume - well at least within my family.That being said, everyone in my immediate family, including myself, have quite expensive tastes in fragrance, usually steering clear of stocking-filler fragrances - but this is one that everyone I know enjoys waking up to on Christmas morning!Fresh, dynamic, relatively clean, sporty and quite unisex. Freshly natural smelling, not laiden with synthetic-smelling crap. The bamboo note is clear and harmonious - almost cerebral in nature - like unto pure mysore sandal essence, yet absolutely nothing like it! And the Granny Smith is clear and fresh smelling, never stuffy and sweet, as it quite often is in other perfumes.The cedar and musk is light, and sticks very well to its name sake. And for some odd reason, maybe coz of the name, maybe coz of the notes, I associate this with Baby Blue Jeans.But anyway, I am a guy, I like wearing it, I get lots of compliments from wearing it in Spring and Summer, and can't wait to try the men's version, but I haven't seen it anywhere here in Brisbane, yet. But I can't wait - and I truly hope it resembles the original.Cheers, and enjoy. 6/10 from me, and thumbs up.
Most D&G fragrances are just too much for me, but this is lovely. It's refreshing and crisp with good sillage.  I like this and Jardin sur les Nil by Hermes for summer.
The top notes for me show a great deal of citrus and a hint of the fruity middle notes, but they fade away very rapidly on my skin, even the midnotes don't show a lot of presence and sadly, i don't find that it has a strong -not even a faint- white rose note,the note i was most interested in, maybe that white rose was  the type that wasn't very fragrant. What i get the most, and what sticks to me like glue for hours, is the base, and the white musk is the one note that wins over the rest. Strangely, it has a similar drydown to VC&A's Automne wich has a lot of woodsy notes. The cedarwood is also very present. I didn't find it womanly and i felt it could easily be an unisex scent. Well, in the case that your skin (like mine) skips the fruits and flowers and goes straight to the base). 
This is one of the only fragrances that can ENTIRELY pull off what i like to call a 'citrus blast.' The top notes are heavenly, and from there on it develops beautifully! Fairly cheap, and one of the most commonly ripped off perfumes YTD!

Having lots of reviews can help to aggragate the overall notes and impressions of a fragrance for those who are interested in or contemplating partaking of a particular scent. With Farenheit there is such a polarized reaction it is astounding. Such deep reverence and such complete loathing. For the same fragrance, Farenheit. Having learned that some fragrances take a few wears to 'get' and understand, and finally be able to enjoy I took the plunge.

Farenheit(1988)
I mow. I have a gas lawnmower. It's old and has grass clippings caked on it. I'm kinda sloppy when I put gas in it. I fire it up and start my first passes and Christian Dior somehow made that the opening of Farenheit. After getting over being totally flabbergasted that my fossil fuel burning mundane yard task has been 'cologned' I have convinced myself to give it some time as the dry down leather may be totally worth it. I want to stress that I totally get the negative reviews, yet want to like this as it is unique and artfully constructed, as I mentioned the leather piqued my interest and strikes me as worth thumbs up for its legend and leather alone. 

Pros: leather, unique, well crafted, infamous
Cons: very challenging, opening may be 'aquired taste', very polarized reviews. 

Fahrenheit EDT - 

Love to overspray this one! Sporting a ridiculous amount of accords, nothing else smells like Fahrenheit and for me it remains the most creative men's frag from the house of Dior. 

I prefer to wear it in warmer weather when my chest hair can roam free through a wide open collar. 

4 stars.  
Fahrenheit by Dior opens with a mixture of green notes and citrus. Among them, the most prominent are the floral aroma of hawthorn and the sweetness of mandarin. Fahrenheit quickly brings associations with meadows in spring, which was largely due to the composition of lavender and camomile. A little roughness is added by bergamot and lemon. Honeysuckle also plays a very important role in the initial phase of the scent. Its characteristic, sweetish aroma is one of the signature elements of Fahrenheit. The opening of the composition is undoubtedly intriguing and draws attention.

In the heart, violet takes over the scent. Its aroma is green, rough and tart at the same time. Unquestionably masculine. Cool, yet warm. This warmth, however comes also from other notes as jasmine, clove and nutmeg were used to generate it too. The last one gives the composition additional spicy character. All this has been combined around soft and creamy sandalwood.

In the base, is a almost petrol-like leather accord which is accompanied by vetiver, styrax and mastic, which is a natural resin obtained from mastic tree. Fahrenheit's finish is therefore both balsamic and dry. 
I bought a 1.7 oz. bottle 3 days ago and have been mesmerized by it's magic. I just ordered the 3.4 oz. bottle. Out of my 70+ bottle fragrance collection I can confidently say already that FAHRENHEIT is now my favorite of them all. I am simply blown away. This is THE best male fragrance I have ever experienced in my life! Why the hell didn't I try this years ago??? I have been searching and searching for that "ONE" fragrance for years. THIS IS IT!!!  
Love at first sniff?

Fahrenheit was my first fragrance purchased in about 1997, when it was already out of date. But ever since my first smell of it in the late 80's at the mall, I was mesmerized by it.

I went through jugs of this in the past - I think at one point there was a 150ml spray? By the time I actually bought it, it was $20 at Shoppers Drug Mart.  I remember it being *the* smell of gay night clubs. 

I now have a hard time picking out notes. It's always been floral to me - I didn't know it was violets until later in life. But now all I can smell is "Fahrenheit".

I very rarely this anymore. But it will always be my "first".
2000 version...  It's been years since I've smelled this.  I immediately remember its charms.  I owned a miniature years ago and I loved it then - I love it now.  At least, this version; Is it still as good?

It's just the perfect blend of notes.  The top holds the beauty of violet and hawthorn, and the deep, rich note of mace.  For me, it's a time machine of good memories.  My then boyfriend used to try to steal a dab, until I hid it.  He didn't understand why or how I could wear a "men's" fragrance.  I felt it to be unisex.  I still do.

It's a kind of Hot floral, or at least warm.  Outdoorsy but, not of woods.  It's a field of aromas.  A dusty aromatic.  Hints of green leaves later, in the heart.  Touches of a fougere style.  Never heavy.  Goes along smoothly.  Well-blended throughout its wear.

Fern-like beauty in the base.  Other notes are undiscernible except a bit of styrax and leather.  Those notes are a bit more pronounced.  It lasts and lasts.  Magnificent! 
Damn this is good. I'm challenged to add something useful to the dialogue because we've got some really, really good analytical reviews below (especially from Zealot Crusader, as usual). I'll try to give my take as a new hobbyist on the current formulation and some of my emotional responses to it. 

First of all: I love me some violet leaf. I opened my box of Fahrenheit with great anticipation because I'd read of the famed barrel note and was keen to have it give me a rowdy elbow to the nose. 

I was somewhat surprised that my first impression of Fahrenheit was the cucumbery aspect of violet leaf, which bloomed into something metallic/floral and then went to full on diesel blast (not unlike opening a bag of good Charlie in my more wayward days). Not exactly what I expected, but dear Jeebus do I love it - the tiny little nuances within those big, bombastic accords are where the true artistry of Fahrenheit really comes out. 

If I'm honest, I don't get many individual notes, but as Mister Surgery has eloquently said, I don't think that's the point of this. 

The opening, to me, kicks off like someone using a steel muddler to make a Hendricks and cucumber martini in a workshop. As you hang around and sip the drink (probably poured into a reds plastic cup for irony), the smell of their leather jacket and its grass stains drift through your awareness. This is a good day of drinks, friendship, talking shit and working on cars bottled for your consumption. 

Hendricks, for those unfamiliar with it, is a scottish gin composed with only juniper, rosewater and cucumber in the mash bill. Fahrenheit actually reminds me a lot of one of my friends who's a gin nut... he studied mechancial engineering whilst working as a motor mechanic, so the picture being created by the perfumers literally conjures a character straight to my mind. 

That's probably what contributes to the picture I have of Fahrenheit being intelligent and having real depth to go along with its brashness and roguishness. I think a good part of that impression is the genius of the construction as much as it is my emotional impression, but there's no doubt that for me this isn't a like, it's a definite love. 

Projection and performance are wonderful and I can attest that the current iteration is excellent. I'm now intrigued to sample vintages to see what a more profound barrel note feels like, but I doubt I'll enjoy this version any less. Emphatic thumbs up. 
Reminds me of my high school auto mechanics class and leather jackets. Took a long while my nose to detect the florals, but eventually they peeked out.  So different and so out of the box for me.  Doesn't work for me to wear personally but I love this scent on others.  
Best perfume. I always wear the 1988 version.
I really do not get this “it smells like gasoline” thing. Or leather. Really? Is the current 2019 formulation of it that bad? I have a vintage bottle. One that I purchased myself in December of 1991, at the Emporium department store in San Francisco. It’s still half full. It doesn’t smell like ANY of these things. It’s a classic, dark, woodsy masculine fragrance. But gasoline? No, not AT ALL.
Fahrenheit is a true example of a fragrance being more than the sum of its parts.  I don't smell each component individually (I can if I try, but that's NOT the point of Fahrenheit); I smell three distinct "scents," each of which I will describe below.

First, as Fahrenheit is renowned for, the opening smells like diesel fuel.  As a car nut, and as someone who used to race and who still works on cars in my spare time, I can't help but love it.

Second, it smells like leather.  Not fine leather like you'd find on Coach gloves or Bottega Venetta leather goods; the kind of leather you smell on engineer boots or a biker jacket.  Workingman's leather.

Finally, an almost wet, grassy/vegetal smell.  The kind you smell on a dewy sports field on a cool morning.  

Mix all of three of those motifs together, and you get Fahrenheit.  Nothing more, nothing less.  It's pretty straightforward, unambiguous, and impeccably done.

Now, the issue is whether or not you want to smell like that.   I can't imagine many women wanting their man to smell like diesel-soaked leather, and although I love the smell of Fahrenheit, from a practical standpoint, it's not a fragrance that I wear very often.  I don't want to show up to a business meeting smelling like I just replaced a faulty fuel line, nor would I want to go out to dinner smelling like I just stepped off of the set of "Sons of Anarchy."  But that's just me.  

Although this is not a fragrance I get much use out of, I love it.  How could you not?  It's so unique and impeccably done.  If you've never smelled it, you owe it to yourself to do so.  It's a classic, without any doubt, and although I rarely find myself wearing it, there's no way that I could give Fahrenheit anything less than a thumbs up.




It smells like gas.  This is a good thing.  It is manly.  There is just nothing like it.  Unbelievable that it got green lighted.  Masterpiece.  Benchmark.  Thumbs up so hard it hurts. 
Nothing to add to previous reviews. Alpha male masterpiece. 

Disregard reform criticism. It smells and project amazingly, like the first one I had in the 90s.
One of the first men's fragrances that I had personally bought and enjoyed as a teenager. Fahrenheit is arguably a living legend, having old-school followers and even a new generation of wearers to boot.

Fahrenheit can be summarized as spicy-gasoline-leather, with intensities that differ depending on how vintage a bottle you are spraying from. The heavier gas vibe comes from the older bottles, with an eventual directive by the IFRA not to utilize the notes involved. Even still, I find the recent formulations to do justice and resemble the vintage bottles well enough.

There is an energizing, adventurous vibe to Fahrenheit that feels so right, so daring. Every time I wore it, I felt like I had entered into a realm of macho, bold cologne expression that would draw attention. 

This is a means-business type cologne! Even after so many decades, I still find myself turning to Fahrenheit, as well as several of the wonderful flankers that have since come out (i.e. Fahrenheit 32 and Aqua Fahrenheit, most notably). But I will forever respect and treasure Fahrenheit original - whatever the formulation - as one of the first scents to really get me into the world of smelling and collecting prestige men's colognes as a whole.  
Ah yes  :) put on that leather jacket, nice leather shoes or work boots (which ever suits your style as a man), go take a walk through the leaves in the all or a stroke through those orange, yellow, brown and red woods and set up a camp fire. Don't be ashamed to chop the wood yourself, either. Oh, yeah, and make sure it's a beautiful night out, also.  Moon, stars, maybe a few clouds. Cologne or not, everyone can agree that it would be a perfect night. Imagine feeling that feeling of a night like that every time you smell a scent? Well, here you go.  It's a mature scent, but it is possible to pull it off for younger guys but you'll need to dress maturely (harder than it sound). Ya can't sport a suit With this so you'll need less but more. Unless you tackle the classic "bad boy greaser" look which would be great with this also. This is one of those fragrances that challenges your ability to be a man in a fashionable sense. Are you a construction worker or an outdoorsman? This is for you (although I wouldn't wear them during those activities). Just a guy who loves being out in the open or just love the cool weather and the feel of a cold day out in nature or anywhere on earth and sport a good leather jacket? Grab yourself a bottle of this stuff. I don't wear it often as I've had a bottle for the past 3 years but never wore it except one time. I was a Marine so there weren't many situations where I wasn't in the field for training and wouldn't have smoked people out with the sheer projection of this big guy. But out of the field, if I was ever in nature and didn't opt for other bottles due to situations, I would've grabbed this (I have other fragrances that suited those situations). Now I'm settled down ano am looking forward to using this officially at some point this fall and winter 

I used to also have the parfume or perfume version (not sure what it's called). But it was even better. Be sure to look it up and give both bottles a shot but I prefer the parfume version for an every day wear if that's your thing
There are good fragrances, great fragrances, and masterpieces. Dior's Fahrenheit is an unqualified masterpiece. It epitomizes the art of perfumery in ways that few fragrances before or since have done, and is notable - in my opinion - for one thing: it smells like Fahrenheit. 

Yes, it opens with a prominent gasoline accord. Full petrol. Gas-station-level petroleum distillates. This note is fleeting and glorious. It's rugged and perfectly balanced. The potentially noxious opening gives way to a dry down that is absolutely remarkable: the blending is so masterful that it's difficult to discern separate notes. Some fragrances travel from bright and citrusy to dark, woodsy, or floral. Some even travel from spicy and peppery to chocolatey and gourmand. Fahrenheit travels from Fahrenheit to Fahrenheit. When the petrol fades, you're left with a incongruously fruity, spicy, leathery, AND woody scent as evidence of Dior's exquisite genius. Tonka? Perhaps amber? Maybe some cedar? Leather. Musk? Yes, but not really. Patchouli? It's there, but maybe not. Stryax and lily of the valley? Sure. Whatever. It's all, and it's none. 

It's Fahrenheit. Is it green? Red? Does it matter?

Past and current formulations seem equally reactive to body heat. While Fahrenheit absolutely sizzles in warm environs; its sillage and projection are ideal for colder weather. This smell like a fall/winter scent to me. I'll agree with previous reviews suggesting new formulations suffer from longevity issues, but only by a hair, and only in comparison to older formulations: comparatively, Fahrenheit is still an incredible performer. 

It's warm. It's comforting. It's woody, green, and fruity, and floral, and citrusy, and leathery, and it is absolutely greater than the sum of its parts. Yes, it smells a bit like spilling gasoline in a new car while driving through a cedar grove full of flowers and old boots. And I love it. 

I rank Fahrenheit alongside the most influential fragrances of all time. 

Scent: 10/10
Sillage: 10/10
Projection: 10/10
Longevity: 7/10




Fahrenheit is a watershed fragrance on the same level of provocation as most Dior masculines, save maybe the mild-mannered Jules (1980), and has both a legion of devout users and folks who've "crossed paths" with the scent unsuccessfully. Whether or not you find the scent fascinating in it's appeal or just altogether odd depends on how you feel about it's "barrel note", but more on that later. Fahrenheit plays on hot and cold tones within it's main structure, fusing a cool floral top with a warm woodsy middle, a base of green leather and tonka, plus that all-powerful X factor no other fragrance has, nor even can have, because the creation of Fahrenheit's most characteristic quality was a total accident. Michael Almairac, Maurice Roger, and Jean-Louis Sieuzac were all competing perfumers working on primitives to win the bid fo the next masculine Dior fragrance, but none had their idea accepted by the design house, and tossed their samples all in the same waste barrel for disposal. As fate would have it, that barrel sat out in the sunlight for a while and fused together, essentially "cooking" into one, and when somebody returned to find the barrel still there, the smell that came off was evidently so captivating that Dior had chemists analyze a sample of it so the perfumers could form a new composition around it as the base! The infamous "barrel note" is really just leather and a strong violet at it's core, which is the root cause for the petrol smell everyone comments on when they sniff the opening of Fahrenheit, but there's a mish-mash of whatever else was in those original perfume formulas in there too, cooked up and reduced in a way only nature could, so it's impossible to replicate without having the formula gleaned from the sample's analysis. The rest of Fahrenheit is more or less the same late 80's men's floral ya-ya that everyone was doing right before the age of aquatics when calone and dihydromyrcenol took over as the chemistry du jour, and is one of few such floral powerhouses from the era still available.

I'd be lying if I said this strange and cool circumstance wasn't part of the appeal for me, but beyond that, what you end up with here is a scent that fuses the "petrol leather" smell of something antique like Knize Ten (1924), with a violet-led green floral chypre that compares favorably with scents like Chanel No 19 (1971), or Jacomo Silences (1978). We have another situation here like so many of this genre where the masculine or feminine lean is entirely dependent on marketing, and a woman could totally pull this off given she enjoys that petrol leather aura. The opening of Fahrenheit is hawthorne, and honeysuckle, both really odd choices for a men's fragrance, further asserting my previous statement on gender, with bergamot, mandarin, and lavender rounding it out to keep it cool. The bergamot and mandarin aren't really enough to make this a citrus-led scent, as that "barrel note" comes out the gate right away to greet the nose, followed by a warm middle of sandalwood, cedar, chamomile, nutmeg, muguet, jasmine, and the prominent violet which also helps define Fahrenheit. Base notes are all green save the amber, and come in with the leather, patchouli, vetiver, styrax and tonka. The gasoline-like "barrel note" was reduced in 2011 because it evidently didn't meet IFRA standards, but it's still plenty there, and I've smelled both deep vintage from a year after the scent launched, and a more-recent 2015 bottle, with only the presence of the "gasoline smell" dialed back a bit in the newer one. The big deciding factor of hunting vintage or getting newer bottles entirely comes down to what you want to smell more: the "barrel note" itself or wonderful floral chypre surrounding that infamous accord, because that's what you're picking between when you choose vintage or new production, respectively. For me it's a hard choice, but ultimately the newer one wins out simply because of convenience.

Fahrenheit is also infamously brutal on longevity, although sillage can be controlled better than haters will have you believe by simply avoiding your face when applying. A spray on the chest and upper back before donning the shirt is the best way to keep your own personal "barrel bubble" closer to you. I quite like the stuff, and it stands up to heat as well as cold, because it's sharp floral nature prevents Fahrenheit from being too sweet, thick, or cloying like many things this spicy. After all, this is a leather scent we're talking here, and they're known to be pretty hardy in many weather conditions, it's just most leather scents are saddled with aromatics or tons of shrill citrus and powder to narrow their usability. Fahrenheit falls into the same relative class of "dandy-like" floral dalliances laced with something very 80's and very potent, which in this case is styrax over the usual civet found in these kinds of things. Fahrenheit does wear surprisingly well in the 21st century because of it's gender-neutral florals, which combined with it's feverish fan base, explains it's continued production for 30 years, and that's totally outside the fact that the curiosity of experiencing the scent's fuel-like signature accord just keeps drawing new people in. I enjoy this immensely, but I'll be blunt: you have to enjoy stiff leather, florals, and green chypre base notes to truly enjoy Fahrenheit, regardless of the marketing hoo-hah Dior tosses at you, so if green floral chypres or prominent leather accords aren't for you, this is no exception, so sample before going over a barrel with a full bottle purchase. I'd say this is best worn on casual days or out with friends, running errands, and nights at home. If you want to dare this in the office space or a date, you're probably the kind of risk-taker Dior tailors their Fahrenheit ads towards, but don't say I didn't warn you when you get mixed reactions. A divisive but genre-defining classic that scratches an itch for those strange friends everyone has that actually enjoy the smell of gasoline. 
As many, I also thoguht I was smelling gasoline out of Fahrenheit, but I was wrong. It was only after getting in touch and possessig both Chanel Cuir de Russie and Cuir de Lancome, which have the same petrol smell, tha I came to realiza that in fact that it doesn't smell of petrol, but Leather.

Altohough I like it very much, I have to be in the mood for Fahrenheit, otherwise is like being chased by a shadow that it's not my owm.
When I was in high school in the 90's I remember walking down the hall and some guy passed by me wearing this and I was instantly attracted to the scent. I literally walked around all week sniffing guys as they passed to try to find this scent. I just had to know what it was! When I finally found out who the guy was and what he was wearing, I went straight to the mall and bought it. The scent was so amazing that I became instantly obsessed with it. Newer versions don't do justice to it. There truly is no comparison to the original. Every now and then I'll pass a random guy who still has this, and every single time my head still turns on instinct.
This smell was unique! (non citrus but not spicy...)
I absolutely loved it in 1990 when I fist came across it.
Strong scent, Massive projection, good longevity
10/10

I bought it again in 2017 after a 20 year lapse BUT
the smell is weaker and slightly different (almost chemical) and its projection and longevity is now average
Has it been reformulated? Have I bought a fake? Was my bottle out of date
Based on this 3/10
Fell in love with this instantly.
This is a bit of dry fragrance, first impression is that it smells like some expensive wood furniture and a bit of gasoline. I don't even like dry OR woody smelling cologne but that gasoline note is what makes this great.
What I most like about Dior's Fahrenheit is that it's so different from the powerhouses of the 80s, the fresh aquatics of the mid 90s, and the sugar sweets of the '10s. 
A true masterpiece of masculine originality. 
While this is ever so slightly dated, reminding me of the mid-to-late 90s for some reason, it doesn't feel like old-man cologne to me, not at all. It's very stylish and modern in my opinion.
It's a love it or hate it fragrance, and because of that, it's not an easy one to wear. 
UPDATE:
I wore this again, and for the first hour or so it was projecting nicely, and smelled great. After about 2-3 hours, it was still projecting but it lost some of it's more pleasant-smelling qualities, and got rougher and dirty-smelling. To me, it was somewhat of an unclean smell.
I'm keeping the good rating, because maybe this fragrance just doesn't mix well with my skin, but I won't be wearing it again.

Beautifully wrong.
Woody Gasoline Pour Femme.
Truly wonderful.
I didn't care for Fahrenheit in the beginning.  And I'm talking vintage, 30 Avenue Hoche.  Very peculiar use of violet.  I didn't quite get the "gasoline" accord many have commented on, but more of a "clinical green."  I think it's closer to turpentine than gasoline, but in a good way.  There is something in turpentine that's pleasant. A highly astringent woody green.  I almost let go of my bottle, but decided to keep it.  And I have to say it has grown on me.  I must give it a thumbs up for the principle of it.  It's a very unique fragrance and was done well initially.  The later version is OK.  But the vintage... is something special.  I give it a 3/5 rating because I wouldn't want to wear this much, but I'm glad to have it in my collection.
I don't wear it as often as i did in yesteryear but i still think it's one of the best fragrances out there. It's so unique and different from all the others out there. A true classic and very versatile one. 

Fahrenheit hit in 1988 and was an instantaneous commercial success. It was a bold scent, innovative in concept and execution and was immediately recognizable as something new. It might have been developed using the framework of the fougère, but unlike the other massive launch of the year, Cool Water, it bore little resemblance to the genre. Fahrenheit’s infamous gasoline note gave it an edginess that separated it from other masculine fragrances. 1988 was effectively pre-niche and unorthodox perfumes were rare. Dior bet that there was an unmet demand for a fragrance that didn’t play by the ‘normal’ rules of scent. The combination of gasoline and dehydrated sweetness gave Fahrenheit a deliberately synthetic appearance and distanced it from the fougères and woody chypres that were still the norm for masculine fragrances. The olfactory image of gasoline is convincing. The dryness of woods and the coolness of the violet leaf suggest volatility, like drops of gasoline evaporating from your skin.

To Dior’s credit, they didn’t simply take a traditional perfume and dress it out with ‘avant-garde’ images and a trendy ad campaign. They created a straight-up oddball that didn’t fit easily into existing categories. What’s interesting, though, is that while Fahrenheit was groundbreaking, it wasn’t without precedent. Dior seem to have learned from a few great masculine fragrances of the prior dozen years. The pressurized hiss of violet leaf is a nod to Grey Flannel and the aggressively dry woods are reminiscent of Antaeus. The last piece in the puzzle comes from perfumer Jean-louis Sieuzac himself. Two years before he co-authored Fahrenheit for Dior, Sieuzac composed Hermès Bel Ami, a sumptuous leather chypre with a noticeable whiff of gasoline. He isolated the gasoline note and amplified it to form the basis of Fahrenheit.

Fahrenheit juggled offbeat style and mainstream PR and production streams with remarkable success. Take a look at a network sit-com or an action movie from 1988. Or a fashion magazine. Listen to some 1988 pop music. Most of it doesn’t hold up very well. (see above.) Fahrenheit on the other hand might come off as era-specific, but not dated. It has survived reformulation, the vagaries of trend and an increasingly competitive market yet remains distinctive.
Chronologie II

I've always had difficulties to find the words for describing the most beautiful of perfumes.

Overproduction in perfume industry resulted with hundreds of new perfume houses whose offer has already been seen. Too many leather and oud combinations made people smell like worn off russian counts and desert bedouins, and almond, coconut and vanilla are just waking nutritional scents.

Sadly, today one can rarely find a perfume which is strictly made for male or female. New directions are being formed in which undecided perfumes are preferred, so both males and females now smell the same. Just to be straight, I have nothing against this kind of perfumes, because many of them smell really nice and some of them I have in my collection, but first of all I'm an old school kind of guy and my opinion is that a perfume has to have a 'side'. However, as time goes by, and by judging by the offer, the expectations are low that a new perfume, that will impersonate either male or female, will emerge.

In rush of aggressive propaganda which puts niche production in forefront, Fahrenheit still firmly holds its place on top by its originality, beauty, quality and, the most important, masculinity. If there is a male perfume which holds the essence of a real masculine man, then this is the one. It is a cult perfume you can either love or hate, nothing in between, which gives you a feeling that the perfume chose you and not the other way around. I own the first formula, dated in 1987, and every formula that came after it. It has been a bit 'damaged' by reformulations, but still it kept its style and recognizability.

I will finish this review by quoting one man who gave the best description of this masterpiece: When man becomes of my age and looks behind him.. he sees all kinds of things. Ups, downs, joys that take over your being, sorrows that rip you apart strongly enough that you think you can't take it anymore. And now, if I were to sit down and describe that kind of human life on a piece of paper, I would put that paper in an envelope and seal it with Fahrenheit. 

The smell of life has the same notes as this perfume...

Opium... Bel Ami... Fahrenheit!

Sieuzac was not prolific, but with icons like that on his CV, he could easily make many a nose green with envy.

Fahrenheit was a rebel when it was released, and it still is to this day. A true gamechanger. Not just in the world of fragrance, but probably also for many of the wearers. I know it changed a lot for me.

Fahrenheit was probably the scent, that made me realise, that fragrances are not just nice smells; they can be art and stir one's emotions.

How evocative it was! That almost chameleonic ability to morph between gentle florals and creamy woods, and into a leatherjacket wearing, lawn-mowing animal.

Many say it is more of a winter fragrance, but to me it has always screamed "SUMMER!" From the first spray years ago, it has always conjured up the image of fresh cut grass and a petrol-driven lawn mower. When I need to feel and smell the summer, this is what I reach for.

Ever since that first day, it has been a mainstay of my evergrowing collection, always hanging on to the top, as one of my true favourites.

They say first loves never truly die.

When it comes to Fahrenheit, the saying is most fitting; I will always love this one and have it in my collection.

PS: My mum thought it smelled like pickled cucumbers.
Another northbound thumb.

I don't wear it often but will probably always have an early iteration bottle (pre ifra-styrax restriction)in my stable.

Well-worn lawnmower replete with caked clippings slowly composting away. Sour. Honeysuckle. Summer  wear appeal. 

My nose, oddly perhaps, identifies overlap in its non-floral structure with Or Black.
Unique, classy, manly and just god damn PERFECT!!

Fahrenheit was the second fragrance that I ever bought just after Jazz at the tender age of 14. Now approaching 40 I am as mesmerized as ever! Okay....So the formula has changed slightly but not as much as many say. In fact the latest batch seems to be the closest to the original. Maybe it lacks the legs and staying power but still unmistakably Fahrenheit. 

In it's vintage formula this is the closest thing to male perfumery perfection I have ever sampled.

Light years ahead of its time!!

11/10  


I don't think my review of it is much needed, but I think it deserves one more thumb up! Oh, cucumber...
An all time legend. Some would even go as far to say this is sex in a bottle. It is just supreme and I never tire of it. Great for going out, great for work and great for a nice day at home. It is versatile and very sexy. Went through a good few bottles.
Picture a bunch of Adam Levine fans in a room together. Now picture a Bruce Springsteen fan coming in and wedging himself in the middle of the Levine fans. This is what I see when noticing Fahrenheit among the other colognes at the tester counter at Macy’s. 

Fahrenheit is a classic of the old school style, but it’s “classic" nature is timeless and is what makes it so enduring and timeless. It’s like Uncle Jesse or Fonzie.  Who wouldn’t think these guys aren’t cool anymore?

Fahrenheit is my signature scent for the fall. I wear it every day from October through November. And I never tire of it. Or get fatigued from it. It’s just that great. 
The petroleum smell is there, sure. It’s a gasoline smell of 1988 to be sure, but it transcends that era and fits into the modern age.  The gasoline (of whatever combination of notes creates the effect) does not overpower, it makes its grand entrance on center stage – does its solo number under the spot light for about 1 hour, and then dutifully slips back in the chorus with all the other notes.  And the other notes? Awesome.  Every day I smell something different. Some days I get a whiff of nutmeg (which is why this fits squarely in Fall to my nose) Some days the leather shines throughout. Others, the floral creeps in and takes a solo.   It’s as if this was some kind of jazz track, with the petroleum note starting off and each notes taking turns coming in to take a stab at the main melody. And the main melody?  The sum of all notes that is Fahrenheit.  

I have tried to dissect the notes (as I just tried now) and it always leaves me feeling I didn't do it justice. Fahrenheit is truly the sum of all parts. It’s not a "gasoline" scent. It’s not a "leather" scent. It’s Fahrenheit. You can’t analyze the humor of a good joke and well, sometimes you can’t really take apart the greatness of a master fragrance blend. 

So I'll just say that the reason why this is such a great fragrance... is that it smells like Fahrenheit. 

Well done! 
10/10

This has to be in my top 5 fragrances of all time..truelly a piece of genius to incorporate that petrol/violet smell into a fresh green type of scent..I'm talking about the 2016 formulation which I don't think has suffered from reformulation..my last purchase of this would of been in 1998. I prefer the original over the absolute version, I personally don't like that strange sweaty curry smell in absolute.. the aqua version is very nice with added spearmint and cucumber notes. Dior are the best designer fragrance house that incorporate leather into their scents in my opinion ..like dior homme edt, they blend floral's with leather superbly. The dry down in this could be bottled separately and renamed in their high end line, beautiful rugged engine room leather.
 Reviewing a Vintage 2002 Fahrenheit. Fahrenheit was a sensation in the late 80's, early 90's. I was living in my Bel Ami, Tiffany for Men cloud during those first few years, so I missed the glory days wearing it myself, however always admired it on others. The Violet note as constructed in this, I was to meet later and is what attracts me to Heeley's CPF.
This sample of 2002 has all elements that most remember of the original. Floral Violet sitting on top of a Petroleum Leathery Base. Brilliantly conceived and still stands alone in it's originality. Occurs to me that it projected more in the earlier years, however most of us oversprayed in that Era.
Rightly a Masterpiece.
I like Absolute version a lot more than current Fahrenheit. Vintage up until 2012 Fahrenheit, though, is superior.

If you can't find 2012 or earlier, get Absolute instead. Or if you like Midnight in Paris, absolute is a richer version of it.
BLUF:  A brilliant, unique, unforgettable green scent.  At risk of sounding cliché, it’s art.  To date, this and L’Homme Libre are my favorite uses of violet (haven’t tried Narciso for Him yet) although Fahrenheit Absolute & Parfum are up there too.  

A genius offering from Dior that is in my top 3, a fragrance that I’ll never be without.  I don’t subscribe to the “you can only wear this scent during that season” idea, but Fahrenheit does remind me of summer when I wear it…probably because people don’t mow their lawns in New England during the winter.  Yup, I’m there with the rest of the gas/grass crowd.

My personal take on it is this: The opening smells like the inside of a shed (yurt, in the case of my family) where the lawnmower, weed wacker, and tennis shoes that my Dad wore while mowing, are stored.  A mix of petrol fumes, cut grass, and a bit of leather.  There is a hint of something just barely sweet that peaks in and out over the life of the scent, but I don’t get honeysuckle sweetness at all.

Longevity is moderate for me (6-7 hours) as is sillage. 
Call my nose unrefined if you will, but I barely notice a difference between my bottles from 1999 and 2015, other than the newer bottle having better longevity.

No flankers come close to the original but Parfum and Absolute honor their forefather very well in their own beautiful way.
Just tried this reformulation after owning the original back in the 90's.  It's noticeably different from what I remember but still familiar.  Didn't think I was into it for the first 20 minutes but then it all settled down and I couldn't stop smelling it.  It's still so different from everything else out there...and addictive.  I can see how this would be an easy compliment-getter.
I wore Fahrenheit when I was in junior high school.  I remember when it came out and it was unlike anything I had smelled before.  I have smelled it many times since then and it always brought back a flood of memories.  I thought about wearing it again over the years because I loved it so much but I just didn't want to go back there.  Recently someone came in my office wearing it and it smelled so good.  I immediately recognized it but it was different to me somehow.  I found out that it had been reformulated in 2014.  I have it on now as I type this review and I'm loving it all over again.  It's Fahrenheit but it's not…..but it's still perfection.  It lasts all day on me and I get compliments all the time.  I really can't understand somebody not liking this fragrance.  It's a classic but it doesn't rest on the fact that it's a classic.  It still smells new and groundbreaking just like it did in the 80's.  This is quite possibly the best of all time.  
My favorite fragrance of all time, FAHRENHEIT...
2014 Formulation..

In the opening of this fragrance i get a mixture of used 85-W-90 Grade  gear oil + used 68 grade hydraulic oil + green paste from leaves, poured onto a leather seat....

After an hour's mark, all i get is a freshly polished leather shoes, where the smell of pure leather is prominent with a hint of shoe polish.

After 4 hours, all I am left up with is a Green Woody, leather & musk combo.

Really love the way it changes as the day progresses, never got a compliment though. I wear it for myself. Never get bored of it.

Longevity: 10+ hours easily
Projection: Average

10/10
Absolutely bloody marvellous scent. 
I tested today comparing a sample of 2010 vintage and a bottle bought last month from Geneva airport duty free. The review is the same for both except that the one marked difference I found was that the 2010 version held on to its "power" phase much longer before it became a skin scent. Otherwise, frankly, I couldn't tell the difference. 
It starts off eye-watering petrol, grease, with leather (or sweaty skin?) underneath. A bit later I also get a medicinal (Germoline) thing going on. You have to get your head round all that, but when you do, you'll want to keep going back and spraying it over and over again. Then, strong leather, the most fantastic leather scent ever. And a bit of lavender. 
It's pure cave man in its power phase. Like a super macho, cool, handsome car mechanic putting on his leather jacket after his shift. Yet really classy and unique at the same time. It makes me feel like I'm Marlon Brando on a motorbike. 
Longevity: long. Silage: for me, moderate (aka BIG)
Love the stuff. The original is still better than all the flankers. 
How could any man not want this?
September 2015

They recreated the smell of burning asphalt by mixing different flowers! How awesome is that?!

A timeless legend, unique and stylish.
Unique and timeless. One of the most romantic fragrance. You can go wrong with the classic and most successful Fahrenheit. An innovation created in the 80ties. 

What a performance even if I don't wear it often.

Long Life to Fahrenheit!

Masterpiece 9/10
Current formulation is among my top 2 favorite leathers, the other one being Hermes Bel Ami Vetiver.  The elegance of the leather/violet accord is breathtaking.
Salutation.

FAHRENHEIT is a ROOTY cologne.it is Great,similar to the other DIOR fragrances.The opening notes is a bit too rough for my nose but after 5 minutes it warms to an undeniable MASCULINE,PLEASANT and ROMANTIC.

The base notes is quite WOODY on my skin,invigorating with vetiver.You feel like a confidence unique person when You wear it and only with 2 spray can enjoy for a few hours.it is strong in SPECIAL way.

This wonderful scent not for day use because it is a little heavy in hot weather,definitely is an EVENING scent for a particular character in SPECIAL occasions.anyway it is unforgettable.

SILLAGE?OK

LONGEVITY?Like often DIOR colognes,Yes it is unparalleled.

8/10

Reading the reviews on BN's, the verdict seems that you either love or hate Fahrenheit.

For me, Fahrenheit is one of the all time top fragrances that I have ever owned.  It's totally unique and I definately fall in the "love it" column.   There is a strong, somewhat petrol note in the beginning, which I attribute to the Hawthorn, a scent I am not totally familiar with, but to me it's almost menthol or eucalyptus like. I don't find the opening unpleasant at all, but if you overspray, it may knock you unconscious.  After an hour, everthing fades into a sort of wood and leather, very soothing and long lasting.   

I would wear Fahrenheit year round, but especially in fall/winter.  If you are unfamiliar with it, go light, allow it to develop and you'll probably fall into the "love it" column as well.
There is just something Christian Dior got right with this fragrance, you can instantly tell when someone is wearing Fahrenheit as it has such a bold statement. Yes its a marmite scent but when you love it you love it, it speaks to you in a such sensual sultry way and has probably turned as many heads as the most legendary perfumes made to man. 

Timeless scent.

A beautiful celebration of sensational violet leaves that are evoking to the senses, further brightened by a zesty orange accord, stirred with smokey vetiver and polished with leather. 

There is no scent in existence that highlights violet leaves like Fahrenheit does.

Stunning, addictive, unique and mesmerizing.
I wasn't sure on first application. I put it on before going to bed and the petroleum note had me a bit confused. However, I awoke about 4 hours later and I could smell something quite wonderful. The dry down on this one is exquisite.
Is this the greatest fragrance for men ever created?

A breakdown of notes would be redundant, though violet leaf, orange and leather are the dominant players. A gorgeous floral leather, Fahrenheit stimulates senses like no other, awakens the mind and touches the heart. Fahrenheit is hot and cold at the same time. Fahrenheit is the first scorching ray of sun that melts the ice on snow-capped peaks. Fahrenheit is the smouldering lava that eats up everything in its path as the world burns red in its wake. Fahrenheit is the moist damp brown earth beneath the fleshy green trees with dark wet branches after the first rain in months. 

Fahrenheit is not a fragrance. Fahrenheit is an experience.    
This is a floral with a cauliflower-ear!  I don't pick up the 'gasolline-petroleum' that so many seem to identify but rather a carnation taken to the max tempered with nutmeg and leather. Worked very well for me in the Fall in New York, but here in SoFla, it's a bit much and have put it on the backburner for a bit...maybe it's time to reintroduce myself to this juice, fire up a cigar and enjoy a measure of spiced rum...hmmmm???
I used to mow the lawn in my backyard and along one swath of grass there was a large honey-suckle bush. The sweet, floral aroma of the honey-suckle would mix with the gasoline from the mower and the smell of leather on my hands from my work gloves. That's the closest I can get to describing what Fahrenheit smells like. Sweet, fresh specific floral notes of honey-suckle over petrol and the worn, rugged smell of leather. But my description really doesn't do it justice. Fahrenheit is like its own planet in the fragrance universe, and it's one of a strange, swirling atmosphere, equal parts enchanting and toxic. Fahrenheit's bottle represents its contents precisely, from dark shades of red and black to higher hues of orange and pale yellow. All in all, this is one hell of a fragrance that must be sniffed to be even remotely understood. A timeless classic, that feels modern and cutting edge almost 30 years after its release date. If you have never smelled this before, go out and get your nose on it! Projection and longevity are superb.
A big thumbs up for this one. I have two bottles: 9A03 (purchased in 1999) and 4N03 (purchased in 2014).

The old bottle has probably lost potency. The new juice projects better. Side by side on each arm, the old juice smells a little richer on the skin, but fainter, so I'm feeling plenty of love for the 2014 juice. It's maybe slightly sweeter or more vanilla and leather, less floral; but it is very similar. They are more like each other than edt and edp flankers. If the current juice said anything other than Fahrenheit, people would be up in arms that it's the same stuff and that calling it a flanker is false advertising.

I like the old juice slightly better, but the new juice is having better performance for me.
This one was ,is and will be my No1 favourite....
many memories,many complements and a very special scent.
grass with gasoline top notes with some sweetness and then woods.
not detailed subscription for a Masterpiece.

Both thumps Up!
Fahrenheit is one of those fragrances that people will either love or hate. My girlfriend adores it on me and says that when we first started dating she couldn't beleive how good I smelled and told all her friends about it. On the other hand, my sister doesn't like it at all and said it smells like a chemical mess. I enjoy fahrenheit because it is so unique. A lot of people mention a "petroleum" feel to it but I don't really get that. It's the only fragrance in my collection that I can't describe in words, which is a testament to how unique it is. I also enjoy it because of its versatility, works well in both summer and winter, day or night and for a variety of occasions. Pretty much the only place I wouldn't wear it would be the gym.
This was a masterpiece. The new formula is a travesty and is highly unwearable. I thank my lucky stars that I found a vintage bottle on EBay. The gasoline vibe is nonexistent in the new juice, which is the main reason the vintage stuff is king. I have probably worn more of this than any other cologne in my collection. Available everywhere but do not buy if only the word Dior is on the bottom of the bottle. Vintage will read Christian Dior. 
Long lasting, classic, and the girls love it! and in the end isn't that what it's all about?

I'm pretty shallow but this scent will never not be in my wardrobe. If you wear if on a night out, a girl will compliment you every time and that's always nice. Don't go crazy, my old bottle still packs a major punch. Don't believe sales people who tell you it expires! Not if you store it right. 
I've heard so much about Fahrenheit for so many years that I decided that I wanted to give it a shot especially after hearing that Axe Peace was very similar to it. I enjoyed Peace bodywash and deodorant, so I bought a partial bottle from a member on here.

Everything you've heard about Fahrenheit is true.

It opens with a strong, motor oil/ car exhaust punch in the face. It then moves into what some describe as tire rubber, others gasoline. I can detect both.

Fahrenheit then moves into a smokey leather jacket phase, where it then fades away.

I get that a lot of members here really enjoy it, but I dislike it and cannot think of any situation where I would wear this. 

I can see it being a head turner, but not for the right reasons.

Edit: Since I wrote my review I found myself returning to my sample of Fahrenheit and have actually picked up another sample from Sephora when my first ran out. Now I actually enjoy it and regret selling my partial bottle of the vintage stuff. It may be unusual to go from a hard Negative to a Positive review, but my thoughts on this fragrance have changed.


A surprisingly adequate  scent both fresh and warm!
This is the one you want to run away with. I randomly came across a sample of this and it instantly captivated me. There is something so warm, bold and sophisticated about this fragrance that has a strong yet soothing edge of attraction. It is addictive and distinctly unique. Almost all the other men's colognes out there have an overly clean and aqua fresh smell. This one smells rich with desire and full of mystery. Some say it has a petrol smell to it, but I don't perceive it that way. I would say it has a hint of spice and a cooling musk, like a hot summer rain under the trees. Overall I find it blissfully timeless in it's candor of masculine sensuality. 
One of my top ten favorites...I savor this sent when I want to be noticed and am seeking attention.

I love this on my husband.  It really stands out in a crowd of the mainstream sport style fragrances I smell so often. I think it really suits rugged types well.  Not fresh or clean to me but very dark and brooding.

In 1988 Dior decided to break the mould in terms of men's fragrances and decided to go in a different direction, by turning the established system on it's head. What they managed to create was something entirely unique (even today). They succeeded in creating a truly remarkable and very masculine floral (by using violet, nutmeg, carnation, and a lot of leather).

The result? Something which smells beautifully modern even today. In a word - timeless.

I believe that years later Dior would turn the world of male perfumes on it's head for a second time (with their metrosexual floral leather release 'Dior Homme'). However for many people, this is considered their best masculine and I think it's one of the most unique designer masculine fragrances ever created.

Instead of the Leather-Iris combination used in Dior Homme, here it's Leather and Violet, a pairing which gives off what many people term "sweet motor oil".

Before actually wearing this on my skin, I tried the luxury 'soap' of this for years, never finally wearing the fragrance itself until now. To me this can't be categorised purely by a "gasoline" smell (and I happen to like the smell of petrol). To me, this fragrance smells like an incredibly clean version of petroleum. Imagine a mechanic who after working a long day with the car grease and motor oil, then decided to take a really good bath or shower with luxury, high-quality soap. After he's finished, he smells clean and fragrant, but the original petrol note is under all the soap, and because of this, now starts to smell "clean" as well. Of course this is also a perfectly blended fragrance, and you'll struggle to put your finger on why exactly this smells as good as it does. The combination of violet leaf, leather, nutmeg, musk, geranium, lavender and carnation makes this extremely masculine. However it could be worn very well by a woman because it's also sweet at the same time. It's addictive!

I think the marketing concept of Fahrenheit was a perfume of contrasts. Specifically Hot and Cold, or "Fire and Ice". Fahrenheit is a measurement of temperature, and as a result applies to burning, boiling heat and also icy cold. As an olfactory sensation, Fahrenheit straddles the line between these two extremes, and does it beautifully.

I will say that this smells just as modern as it ever did 25 years ago, and could easily be released today and go on to be a number one hit. It's unique, nothing out there smells like it. It's not like Cool Water (also released in 1988), which went on to spawn the aquatic craze of the 1990's, and as a result is starting to smell a little dated by today's standards. 

This has lost none of it's originality. It is well worth it's reputation. I believe that it can be worn by almost anyone and in any season. It needs no introduction. It is what it is (even in our time)... original, unique, & unmistakably beautiful!
One of the original Men's Colognes. A little goes a long way with this masterpiece. Yeah, it has that petrol vibe like a lot of reviewers have mentioned. But it is done well. I call this the Green Leather Scent. One you have to have. 8/10
Very unique and masculineI don't know what formulation i have (i purchased in 2011 aprox). It's a nice, manly, strong and unsual scent. PROS:- It's a classic.- Very different (in a good way) to the other fragrances.- Projects and last a lot.- Masculine CONS:- If over apply, can offend to somebody For me, it's a must have. Definitly worth the try. Regards.Pros: Unusual and manly scent than last and projectsCons: Don't over apply"
review by stefly321	Got this as a gift from an ex girlfriend who loved it. It does have a whiff of petroleum about it. Not like liquid petroleum but like one that's evaporated and leaves that faint smell. But mixed with its other notes, it does work somehow.
Fahrenheit	I discovered Fahrenheit many years ago when my mother gave it to me like a present.	It is quite abstract and surrealistic and brings me to a place, far, far away…	It makes me think of a long journey somewhere far away. It signify the birth and then the death and then again the birth .....	A unique, subtle and genial creation of Dior House.
Refined Powerhouse	I once heard someone describe this as smelling like you're mowing the lawn and you spilled a little gas from the mower on your clothes, so you get the smell of freshly cut grass and gasoline fumes. Sounds dreadful, I know...but it's not! It's not an everyday cologne for me, but on my days off when I haven't shaved and slapped on a baseball cap to run errands, this is a fun one to wear.Pros: UniqueCons: 
True classic if you wait for the drydown.	This is a classic. Nothing too special or standout but a very nice fragrance to suit any occasion and after sampling, you will instantly recognise it as one you have probably smelt on somebody before at a social gathering, somebody pleasent I hope. 	It's an odd one to me that it goes through 4 distinct stages to my nose. On first spray, fresh out of the bottle on skin I can smell white pepper. Then it turns into a strong smell of Creosote/Tar until it quickly fades into a marine sort of scent, very much much like Bvlgari Aqua. Then it becomes very leathery with a slight soapy background. To anybody familiar with Trumper's range it reminds me of Astor cologne once it has settle but has much better projection and lasting power. 	Definitely one for anybody's collection.Pros: Projection + lasting time.Cons: Strange scent when first sprayed.
Great stuff!	I tried this because I'm one of those strange people who actually enjoys the smell of gasoline, and I was hoping the much-hyped petroleum note would satisfy in that regard. Alas, it does not. I can absolutely see why some people describe the note like this, but to my nose it's not overbearing gasoline by any stretch: more like a quick burst of scent, which manifests itself to the wearer at the immediate outset in the same way that gasoline assaults the senses when you fill your car and catch a whiff. A scent which behaves like gasoline's scent, rather than smelling like gasoline, per se. Beyond that, the scent is wonderfully fresh and alive, and is very pleasant. To me, it suggests cut grass on a fine morning in early summer, and it makes me wonder if this is perhaps where the gasoline note is coming from, since the petrol-effect leads into these smells, and may evoke a subconscious thought of a lawnmower, where unbridled masculinity, gasoline, and cut grass all come together. Either way, it's a great fragrance, and I shall be buying a bottle. 
A manly man's scent	An interesting scent, it's hard for me to describe notes, apart from a general floral feeling that I attach to this scent. I don't quite get the gasoline/petrol notes that others do, but I do get the uber masculine vibe that is often attached to this scent.. I have had a close female friend describe this as "manly, super manly....the essence of man scent. Like...'Me Tarzan, you Jane' manly," which fits the bill pretty well, I think. Even though I personally like the scent, it is immediately clear to me why this is a hit or miss, love or hate fragrance, though - the gasoline note that many seem to pick up can be an obvious turn off. There are definitely days where I find this scent to be a little overwhelming, or a "bit too much", so to speak. Safety is definitely not the word of the day when it comes to Fahrenheit; it's much more suited for a night out or the gym than a work setting, in my opinion. 	Projection is fantastic - 2-3 sprays is plenty for me. Seems to last forever too, easily get 7+ hours of out it. Have received compliments on this before as well. Overall I find it to be a very bold, masculine scent - great for lifting weights and wrestling bears.
One of the best fragrances ever made. I first came to know Fahrenheit in the fall of 1991, when I was in high school. It was very fresh and unique and I continued to wear it through college and it remains in my collection at the top of my most discerning rotation arsenal. 

It begins with slight petroleum note that many associate with the smell of gasoline. This is not overbearing and is crucial to yield a masculine component. It doesn't take long for the nose to recognize the fresh honeysuckle that is grounded by sandalwood. The styrax may lend to additional sweetness but alas, the isn't an overly sweet fragrance. It is masterfully balanced, so much so that its hard to contribute any one aspect of this to the magic that is Fahrenheit. 

Whether you're sailing on a yacht with miffy, hanging at home or in the gym, or doing maniacal chores, Fahrenheit always knows how to play dressed up or dressed down. A fragrance that was conceived in 1988 is still relevant and necessary in today's market and it no way smells dates. Its perhaps the pinnacle of my fresh masculines; a  classic that is here to stay. If you're wondering, the current formulation is just as divine now as it was then with longevity and sillage galore. Two very big thumbs up!
Fahrenheit, such a magnificent fragrance, such originality and power waiting to be released every time you spray it. A timeless classic that continues to shine and evoke the essence of man. Fahrenheit probably is one of the few fragrances that is worth every penny and more.

The petroleum vibe is unmistakable, however as years had gone by I don’t really smell “petroleum” anymore, the green/sweet combo from the honeysuckle and mandarin together with some lavender at the opening; the violet, the leather and the vetiver are wonderful and very prominent, the sandalwood is definitely there, just on the background, there is indeed benzoin at the base giving some sweetness and fullness and now that I pay attention after reading the notes I could say that I begin to smell the Pistacia just a little bit. Man, this is epic, this is marvelous.

The downside is that the current formulation is so watered down that the longevity has been lost and I dare to say that the rawness from the ingredients are no longer there but it just shows that in spite of every hit this fragrance has taken there is just no way to bring this masterpiece down. Fantastic.
Still the sexiest fragrance on a man with its powerful gasolinic floral scent and the oily leather in the dry down. Thumbs up.
Surely there isnt much left to say about this classic scent. Actually it's watered down if compared to vintage version. As said here, this is an iconic fragrance and a must have for any fragrance lover. Big thumbs up for vintage version and just okay for the actual version.
I have been wearing this scent for about 6 months now. 

It's a very heavy and masculine scent that does great in winter. It smells slighlty like petrol when first putting it on, but changes quickly to something else that's hard for me to describe.

It's a fantastic and unique scent that has gotten me compliments from different girls and men alike. I think it is however a faux pas to be wearing this all the time, in the way I do. I'm going to keep the bottle for days when I want to feel very manly and my whisky-fueled poker nights.

The downsides are to me that it doesn't project very much, even with 4 sprays.
Dastardly! This fragrance has got me all jumbled up. I generally avoid any scent that one can instantly recognize... But this one... I don't get it. I sampled some a while back and found out that it is really something after all. In fact, my girlfriend (who's used to my Amouage and Etat Libre d'Orange, Tom Ford, etc.) actually loves it. She said to me: "This could be a signature scent for you".... not sure what that really means, as every day is different, but it sounded like a real compliment. I bought some.

Honestly, we don't need me to go through the notes. We all know. This fragrance is known. If you like the scent of fire and divine woods + incense, you got it.

Okay... longevity. It's freaking crazy. Once you wear it a few times, the whole house smells like you. It's on my winter coat after two washes. My cat smells like it. This juice is through the damned roof.  This stuff outlasts most of my niche fragrances and doesn't get all mixed up and sickening-smelling like the day-after-on-the-bedsheets thing that other scents do.

Overall, I'd say this has provided me with many cold nights of what I can call nothing but aromatherapy. Out on the town, this is not always my pick, because I smell like every other (hopefully classy) guy. But I can say that this will always be in my collection, and brought out on many Winter nights. 
Some fragrances need multiple wearings before you grow to love them.  This fragrance was the complete opposite for me.  My first application was fantastic and this scent quickly made it into my top 5.  Over time though, my applications became spotty with horrible projection and longevity.  I enjoy this fragrance when it has that perfect blend of petroleum base with a sweet touch.  Sometimes I'd get a heavy dose of petroleum only, while other times the only scent detectable was it's sweetness.  If it was consistently blended together and had great longevity and projection, I would easily put this in my top 3.  Instead, it barely gets a thumbs up for me only because I love the scent that much.

8.1/10
Fahrenheit is synonymous with classic and best seller! Very popular in the 90s, but so far still with firm steps on the market, and I predict that we will have for a long time. Gasoline for awhile. It is true that with the passage of time has weakened, but still, it is performing very well on the skin. Fahrenheit is recommended as a daily fragrance, sophisticated and elegant cut. Somewhat mature, but as I am of those who believe that perfumes have no age, one that you like, go ahead.
I don't know what took me so long to actually try Fahrenheit, for some reason I was under the impression that I didn't like it but man was I wrong!

This is a masculine, intoxicating scent. Starts off with a gasoline/oil that smells a lot better than it sounds. There is also an apple or berry note in the top that keeps the gasoline from bursting into flames. There is also a subtle smoky leather in the middle and dry down that really pulls the whole thing together. 

Here is the visual I get with Fahrenheit:

An antique auto shop brimming with old classics from Rolls Royce to muscle cars. In the corner of the shop a fireplace is roaring, men dressed in flannel shirts with the sleeves rolled up are smoking cherry pipe tobacco, while relaxing on buttery soft leather chairs, aged with patina and character. 

This has become my cold weather scent of choice. 
This smell like a sweet leather jacket I dont care what 
anyone says that's the perfect description
What a amazing scent I must say It grew on me I must say the first time I sprayed this the petroleum turned me over lol but I give it couple more try and finally I see a masterpiece right here for a perfume in the 80th that can be still worn but the yung crowd I must admit it is well done 
i had to change this review. it was a neutral at first. i have retried this fragrance and it is wonderful. i went from hating the opening of this to loving it. i cant reply on the projection or longevity yet, but the smell is top notch.
Fahrenheit by Christian Dior - Admittedly, with its dark and somewhat complex opening, with its petro-grungy facets melding with lush greenness, it could prove challenging. However, the overall scent is, perhaps, one of the best, green scents. The nuances from the opening, middle and base were and are the epitome of a ground-breaking scent, and, to me, defines sexy, classy and sophisticated. 
This is a totally unique fragrance, as distinctive smelling now as when it came out.  I first smelled it when it was launched at a duty free shop in the Caribbean and associated the smell with that part of the world for years.  Shortly after that I was on the Piccadilly line going from Heathrow into London.  A very well-dressed Frenchman got on at the same time and sat directly across from me--I remember smelling his Farenheit (totally recognizable) and remembering St. Barts....  To many the petrol note summons up automobiles and garages, but to me it brings to mind the old fashioned gasoline-powered lawnmovers, freshly cut gress (is that the Hawthorn?) and manly sweat.  This reminds me of my father when I was very young and he would mow the lawn on a hot day.  A great scent and while it has spawned many flankers, it still remains the best of the lot, totally distinctive and simple good smelling.  Kudos to Dior for going out on a gasoline/cut grass limb which at the time was untested territory. 
Very unique and very beautiful masculine fragrance. Definitely masculine. Opening reminds me of gasoline, but very attractive for some reason, fresh and reinvigorating too. After that, this becomes imo a perfect spring fragrance (flowers, fresh aspects, etc.). It's a masterpiece for sure and can be worn by a man of any age. Young guys can rock this one too, not many do but this is a great smelling fragrance, that will appeal to girls who like men that smell like men.

This is certainly powerful for a cedrat-driven scent. I have to say, though, I'm not sure I remember L'Occitane's cedrat EDT being ever so different from CD in its overall composition. Consistent, strong sillage, if that's what you're after. In my view, it's the cedrat note that sets this composition apart from cheaper scents.

It is a little disturbing that it stays fresh for quite this long. I find it linear, unremarkable, but there's something endearing in just how much Mancera has put in for the punters.
This is an absolute powerhouse of a fragrance.

Every time I wear it I get noticed and I get comments even so much that one of my work colleagues immediately went out and bought a bottle of this after smelling it on me.

It's bold, smokey, a little fruity at the start, and on me carries quite a medicinal note. It is a little linear after the opening but given how solid a performer it is, I'd simply be nit picking to criticise it for that.

I would't know how close Cedrat Boise is to Aventus because I've never compared the two. Regardless I'd rather have a bottle of this monster performer any day.

Also just an additional note to point out how nice the bottle feels in the hand. Nice solid bottle with a cool feeling metallic cap, all delivered in a nice Montale/Mancera style carry pouch.

Lovely stuff.
Very pleasant woodsy lemon - very wearable and versatile but not as interesting as the note listing and hype seem to suggest - I don’t get much of the florals or blackcurrant - I just get more lemony wood in the dry down. It’s still nice though and avoids smelling like a cleaning product (which most lemon scents don’t.) The absence of the fruity florals leave it a bit wanting though to be bottle worthy.
Creamy, buttery lemon.

Lasts all day, with 2-3 sprays.

And on my clothes in the mornin'.


Great juice, the wife loves it.  The only gripe would be that it's fairly linear.
This has to be the most outrageously misrepresented fragrance I've ever come across.
All the reviews are constantly comparing this to Aventus. It has absolutely NOTHING in common with Aventus. I can understand when people lump other fragrances like Pineapple Vintage, Zara Vibrant Leather, Mont Blanc Explorer etc into the category of Aventus. Those fragrances definitely are in a similar class and share a similar DNA.
However, MCB is a much darker, richer, heavier fragrance that has more in common with Chanel Coromandel and Allure Edition Blanche, than any resemblance to Aventus.
Also, MCB is a leather fragrance. The leather is quite sharp from the start and settles down to a more suede and ambery, woody vanilla in the drydown.

I almost feel guilty for even mentioning Aventus in this review, because these two fragrances shouldn't be appearing in any sort of list together. But sadly, it's so commonly compared to Aventus that I feel that the myth needs to be thoroughly dispelled.
I also feel like this is some sort of test to allow us to more easily identify the hype gallery amongst the community. If you're saying this smells anything like Aventus, I think you need to spend a little more time trying other fragrances and less time reading reviews. I'm not sure what started this thing with drawing parallels to Aventus, but it needs to stop. Was its original formulation more similar? I have no idea, but the one I have is not even in the same category.

This all said. MCB is not a bad fragrance. Just don't expect it to be anything like what all the frag bros harp on about.
I do like Coromandel and Allure Edition Blanche. MCB sits more alongside them. It's not a bright, fresh, open fragrance. It's darker and richer.
Quite possibly my most commented on and favoured fragrances. Has a very satisfying opening and this develops into a long-lasting scent of at least five to six hours. An absolute classic of a fragrance and one I go back to, time and again.
It doesn't smell like Aventus up until the drydown, but it has more going for it on the top and mid. I'd say Aventus for the day, and Cedrat for night outs. Overall, I like it more than my 16L Aventus.
This is a really nice masculine fragrance that gives me similar vibes as Creed Aventus, but isn't a clone of that fragrance in any way really. To my nose, only the opening reminds me of Aventus (and mainly due to the sweet blackcurrent note). The opening is bergamot, blackcurrent, cedarwood, lots of black pepper, and a hint of violet leaf to my nose, making it sweet yet spicy and masculine leaning at the same time. On the drydown though, it goes in the direction of mostly cedarwood with blackcurrent and a bit of bergamot in the background, and doesn't remind me of Aventus at all (no noticeable leather notes). In fact it reminds me of Creed Bois du Portugal and Lalique pour Homme (Lion) due to the prominent and natural smelling cedarwood note, and also a bit like Dior Sauvage.

This is like a power scent. It's a scent you wear to a business meeting or when you want to make a statement or your presence known. "Cedrat Boise" as a name is very appropriate, but I feel it should've been called "Cassis Boise" because the blackcurrent and cedarwood are stars of this show.

Projection is insanely good (2 sprays was almost too much for me and nearly choked me out; 1 spray is all I can do with this fragrance). In fact projection is so strong I'd classify this as a winter scent. While longevity is also insane, projecting strongly for over 8 hours and even through a workout! Overall this is an amazing masculine fresh yet sweet and heavily woody fragrance with absolutely nuclear performance. 

5/5
A nice and clean fragrance; lemon with woody undertones. Not as smoky as Aventus, this is more geared towards fruits and woods. The opening is lemon, the mid is lemon supported by fruits, and the dry down is woody. The opening does have that fruity Aventus vibe but I think CB is different and remains its own fragrance from start to finish.
An awful lot of noise comes from the online fragrance community across forums, YouTube, and social media, especially from the CISHET male side about how Mancera Cedrat Boise (2011) is the big "Creed Aventus (2010) killer" made to put the house in its place for considerably less. This is absurd, and has righteously caused many Creed sycophants to instantly declare this an enemy/usurper (which is a bit theatrical but not far off), while others whom agree with the declaration think they've earned some modicum of hipster colognoisseur cred by wearing the Mancera over the Creed. Once all the silly High School drama clears and we're left with Cedrat Boise sitting on it's own merits, what we actually have is a fragrance released by a perfumer who is in his own little world (likely from sniffing too much synthetic oud) that is indeed a competitor for the same demographic almost by accident, but actually smells more like higher-quality and more-natural predecessor to Dior Sauvage (2015). Another glaring facet that "dudebros" seem to forget is Cedrat Boise is not a gendered fragrance, and therefore all but unisex without being called such, so folks with feminine chemistry are also meant to try it to see what results can be wielded from wearing it. I do agree that like many Unisex Creeds, Cedrat Boise mostly appeals to masculine tastes, but not by the design of the house of course, since "citrus woody" as its name roughly translates could apply to a number of feminine perfumes. Cedrat Boise is a dry woody scent with a juicy sharp fruity citrus punch on top, and a few key synthetics to shape it out, which is where I get most similarities with it and the designer bomb known as Sauvage.

Mancera Cedrat Boise opens with a brief rush of dry bergamot, followed by Sicilian lemon, and a sweet blackcurrant note which is the biggest comparable facet to Aventus it has. The connection to the later Sauvage is much stronger and almost instant as well; one can surmise that François Demachy of house Dior must have taken huge inspiration from Pierre Montale's work here when he composed Sauvage, especially in the base construction. I can see where the fruity presentation might sniff of Aventus from afar, but a total lack of pineapple (or the ability to tell it apart from blackcurrant) instantly kills all serious likeness between Aventus and Cedrat Boise to me. A touch of dusty white florals and cardamom spice inhabit the middle of Cedrat Boise, while the blackcurrant continues into the heart, joined by a white patchouli note and jasmine hedione. A telltale norlimbanol scratchiness which is milder than Sauvage but close in throbbing tone announces the base, and also distances Cedrat Boise from Aventus even further, both in quality and personality. A white musk and cedar note finish out Cedrat Boise, with hints of leather softened by vanilla and shined up with a sliver of oakmoss bite, whatever quantity is allowed by IFRA these days anyway. Sillage is mild overall, and downright weak for the usual Montale/Mancera composition, but longevity is stellar at 12+ hours assuming you don't become anosmic to the musk or synthetic karmawood. This is a perfect year-rounder generalist through and through for folks digging this vibe, so wear it where you will, and maybe make it a signature if you're a one-scent kind of person. My only complaint is I'd get bored really fast if this was my signature of choice, since this style is all but standardized anymore.

A big weak point to Cedrat Boise if compared directly to Aventus is the scratchy norlimbanol, although not as intense as what is found in the later Sauvage, but still gives Cedrat Boise an obvious synthetic quality which Aventus is much better at hiding with its house ambergris. Secondly, without pineapple or vetiver, the only real link they share is the white floral heart, and that's too brief, but for noses not as finely-honed, I can see where the confusion in telling them apart lies. I also honestly don't think Cedrat Boise was made to be an "Aventus Killer", as marketing anything that way is setting up for failure with critics, who have by and large embraced this juice. Lastly, Cedrat Boise is one of a glut that Pierre Montale churns out yearly for his own houses, precluding any notion of targeting another scent's market, especially considering Aventus was barely even a year old by that point, and not yet the hype monster it would become in the fragrance community. Guys who like Sauvage but find it too sharp, loud, or shrill should really check into Cedrat Boise, and fans of Aventus should add this alongside, as discounters often sell it at designer price points, so you can get it with less risk. Old heads will likely hate Cedrat Boise, but it's almost deserved disappointment if you prefer mossy or animalic masculines and dive into psuedo-synthetic "nouveau-niche" like this without first testing. I am a fan of the fruity sharp citrus synthetic woods style (much to the chagrin of some peers), as for me it's the early 2000's come again, but I'd not recommended this over anything it compares to because Cedrat Boise feels less like a replacement for a popular masculine and more like an alternative to sit alongside them in a larger collection; it's a real off-beat "deep cut" of a creation made more for a collector than somebody with a smaller, more pragmatic wardrobe. Thumbs up! 
At first when I got this.... I thought it was OK, however after more wearing, what a gem this really is.

Juicy, fruity, woody. 

In the warm weather this radiates and creates a lovely clean fresh Aura,  a bubble of fresh Citrus and Blackcurrant... Before slowly turning woody. 
For all the Creed fans, yeah it has that vibe, however this is like a distant cousin. More friendly and defo better value for the money. 

Mancera hit it out of the Park again for me. Simply delightful. Gains a lot of notice and liked by most around you when wearing. 

Overall Scent 8.9 - 10
Projection 8.6 - 10
Longevity 8.5 - 10

A good 8hrs on my skin
I love this! It's canvas is of Citrus based cleaner used in a Public toilet. Jasmine's vague Petroleum Indol and Contemporary creamed Sandal dances a diddle atop. A green Cedarwood note is countered by a fruity Currant.
Apply lightly and concentrate on the playful dance.

Another Mancera fun fragrance.  
So Cedrat Boise it seems will be forever known as the Aventus clone. I think that does it a massive disservice. There are similarities for sure. It was obviously inspired by Aventus. But CB is different. It is much creamier than Aventus. It is certainly fruitier. 

Very nice indeed. 
This is Mancera  showing Creed how to do it as far as green woody fragrances are concerned Cedrat Boise is far superior to Aventus. Its more focused, cleaner, fresher, more of masculine edge to it, less 'damp and green'. The difference between walking in a fresh cool sunny meadow versus one that's just been rained in. Or a picture perfectly in focus showing that is what the scents meant to be versus someone who's gone to photoshop. And it's better value for money.
At the other extreme there is always Armaf Club de Nuit which is a budget incredibly accurate clone of Aventus. Mancera however is pure class. 

Fragrance: 4/5
Projection: 4/5
Longevity: 4/5

Stop press: June 2019: Notino are selling 120 ml bottles for £52 including postage. Cheaper than the 60 ml bottles!
A quite fruity (kind of apparently berrish and surely lemony) sophisticated creamy sandalwood. There is a quite present lemony/grassy aura (the cedrat vibe) which is musky and floral (definitely classic in effect - some old school or classically appointed sandalwood/jasmine-implementations from Estee Lauder or Mark Buxton jump vaguely on mind). The "sandalwood/jasmine/black currant connection" is surely central. I detect the "Cedrat Boise-effect" but the note of sandalwood (a floral sophisticated musky sandalwood) is equally dominant. Feminine.
Strong citrus and the jasmine in the opening. It reminds me of Mr. Balmain but higher quality. The woods and blackcurrent give it a rainy day quality that's nice. It's the best of this type of citrus cedar style I've tried so far. I would probably prefer this to Bois de Cedrat simply for the sillage and longevity. I would also choose this over Mediterraneo Tuscan Cypress. 
when first applied,aventus did come to mind. when i smelled my wrist again, the aventus was gone.in an twinkle of an eye, sandalwood stands up in this. cedrat boise has a citrus and woody personality with a discrete vanilla base. lemon,bergamot,sandalwood, cedar, blackcurrant to tone down the citrus, and vanilla....fantastic!!! totally different than aventus, which has a spicey identity. im ready to sign cedrat boise to my starting roster to join my superstars like  aventus.
This opens with a rather strong lemon zest, which thankfully dies down rather quickly, but settles in with a sweeter version of lemon, like a meringue.

The fruit dominates, with just a touch of cedar in the background, to me a slight astringent tang, just a hint of a Band-Aid, in no way off-putting.

I really enjoy this.

9/10
Just received Cedrat Boise and I must say it is a lovely fragrance! Now, I know I am going to make enemies here so for all of my frienemies who say this is a clone of Aventus, smells like Aventus, resembles Aventus....unfortunately I would have to disagree. This is nothing like Aventus from the beginning to the end. And yes, we are all entitled to our own opinions, and mine says I don't get Aventus at all.

I, too, like landshark321 think there are other fragrances that resemble Aventus and due to all the hype put out there regarding these two (among others) I was intentional about locating the similarities and for me there aren't any. The first fragrance that came to mind was Obsession for men by Calvin Klein....
(If this reminds me of anything that would be the aforementioned. I think this is a newer more modern take on the very manly Obsession if to give a point of reference). 

In a league of it own, Cedrat Boise has a woodsy, gourmand feel to it that is creamy and fresh all at the same time. With the Bergamot, Cedarwood, and a very potent Lemon and Blackcurrant that's clearly and artfully done-I see Cedrat Boise as one having created an ambiance of its own; a stand alone fragrance for anytime, anywhere, with....shut yo mouth!!

There is a certain DRY sweetness that you get as all the notes come together. I will give this a bit more time as I adjust...great fragrance overall!!
Cedrat Boise by Mancera has a fruity opening, and then it transforms to something familiar to me: fresh, woody, and a little sweet -- one of my favorite scents back in college -- the first version of Colors for Men by Benetton. Cedrat Boise is a lot better, though, and more modern. A gourmet version of fast-food Colors for Men. 

Wearing just a dab sample, Cedrat Boise's longevity is excellent on my skin, and the projection is moderate at best. If you can afford to purchase a full bottle, I'd say go for it. 
For me, it's the sandalwood and jasmine notes that star after the initial, very pleasant citrus opening. I get very good performance from this and it's the type of scent i look forward to wearing when the occasion and mood suits.
After several wears of this, it is definitely a keeper in my collection and if it was a choice between a bottle of this or a bottle of Aventus, it's this.

Vanilla-infused turpentine.  Musty, moldy antique wood furniture.  I like it...  I'd say this is a rather dark, woody vanilla, bordering on boozy at times.  This house rarely impresses me.  I find their fragrances rather mainstream, pedestrian, or boring.  This one, intrigues me.

Wooden vanilla fades into a creamy, almost ice cream flavor later on, with sprinkles of pencil shavings.  Ha!  An unusual vanilla scent for sure...
This is lovely. My association with vanilla is that it's usually sweet and gourmand, but this is darker, more like smelling an actual vanilla bean, maybe with some dark rum. Subtle, not intense. If it didn't sound so cheesy, maybe it would be called "Vanille Noir."


Peppery, citrusy, woody vanilla. A tempered yet perceptible vanilla note of good quality thats not cloying or overly saccharine; woven in with a diverse set of citrus, vetiver and oakmoss notes. Well blended, very versatile and one of the best "dry" and "easy to wear" vanilla fragrances alongside Creeds' Sublime Vanille (which has a more upfront vanilla presentation). 

A vanilla fragrance good enough to convert a vanilla-denier. 


Excellent no frills vanilla, can be worn by both men and women, however I would love to smell this on a guy. Your not going to get the gourmand baking vanilla so prominent in other vanilla heavy perfumes. Excellent oak moss and vetiver notes, woody undertones.  
Vanilla is a scent I often struggle with, particularly boozy vanillas or anything with even a vaguely cupcakey accord. This is dry, which seems to be a far less common presentation - certainly vanilla isn't something I particularly associate with the cologne genre. As others have said, Insensee means 'insane', rather than 'incense', although I don't find madness or excess in this at all - if anything, it smells rather introverted in character, despite having decent projection; lasts well too, being a Cologne Absolue. I loved it at first sniff and, from the fact that my first sniff was from an amber-coloured, rather ancient-looking sample, I can tell you that it ages well, getting deeper and a little warmer.
It opens with a full and vibrant lime, a juicy opening for a scent which dries down papery, dusty and (as ClaireV so insightfully pointed out) with something of the Communion wafer about it. Maybe it's the lapsed Catholic in me that loves this, maybe it's the bookworm...
It works well as a base under herbal freshies, too - a great way to transition them between seasons. I definitely get a spike of vetiver in the drydown, to my nose it shows as an earthiniess below the papery accord.


Also, am I the only who just loves the Atelier bottles? Like pebbles, there's something really comforting about them in the hand - just the right weight and those rounded corners are lovely.
One spray of this and I was reminded of a Bruno Acampora oil (Vanyl) which foxed me a couple of months ago as I felt it was a 'green' vanilla in the sense of not sweet. Just read Kotori's review of Vanille Insensée here and she mentions that it smells like the pods rather than baked goods made with vanilla - that is spot on! I had become so used to vanilla being sweet and body lotionish that I'd completely lost the association with the real thing. So VI is a cool rather than cozy vanilla, and I like it. A couple of hours later, it's humming along and exuding a feeling of calm and wellbeing (not cookie scented at all!).
Although it's not something I'd rush out to get for myself, I'm very happy to try it and if I ever wanted a vanilla of this type it'd definitely be a contender.
Ahhh... it makes a lot of sense to know Ralf Schwieger created this one. The style reminds me of Fils de Dieu or the Merveilles line. "Insane Vanilla" is a vanilla-dominant cologne (as in eau de) with a contrasting orange peel note and some supporting jasmine, moss, and woods. The jasmine blends well and whispers softly, never once attempting to overthrow the vanilla. It is a cold vanilla, based on the pod, not the extractor any baked goods featuring it. In the sense of coldness and darkness, it resembles Eau Duelle EDT by Diptyque, though not in the actual notes (other than the pod-based vanilla). This is one of my favorite ever vanillas, which I've learned after a two-year long vanilla quest. Very intelligently composed and modern.
Very nice vanilla that has that old book smell (Not a bad thing). It does have that Memoirs of a Trespasser vibe.
Vanille Insensee by Atelier Cologne is one of the only three vanilla-centered fragrances that I would consider adding to my collection. The list also includes Salimar EDC and L de Lolita Lempicka (sadly discontinued). Lately, it seems like half the beauty and bath products on the market are laced with vanilla, and I can see why—it is universal, comforting, and not “perfume-y”. On the other hand, if I am going to burn a hole in my wallet and purchase a fragrance, I except something more than vanilla extract. Vanille Insensee reminds me of a vintage perfume that developed for several hours on the skin. The top notes are long gone and only a hint of floral accord remains. What is left is a gently humming benzoin-laden vanilla with a dose of subdued “oakmoss”, a touch of vetiver, and airbrushed musk. That being said, VI is far from vintage with its burnt sugar turned up full blast and the civet strategically omitted. Even the moss accord has been declawed and given a bath. 

VI is very approachable, yet it provides the wearer with something more than vanilla scented body lotion. My favorite part is the freshly cut hay accord that is screaming for help under the pile of sugar and moss/musk.

4/5

UMMM - Vanille Insensee - a favourite from the house. Sampled over 2 consecutive days, and it has bowled me over both days! The note list doesn't make much sense as I don't really get corriander, lime, vetiver or oakmoss. What I get is a fantastically intoxicating vanilla with a citrussy-floral orange blossom type note, this juxtasposition created a 3-dimensional scent with lots of shadows, brighter areas and hidden corners.

The Vanilla is clearly the star of the show. This is a straight-up vanilla scent. It is a lot like opening a tube of raw black sticky vanilla pods and giving it a good sniff - quite a multifaceted smell, a little dark, a little smokey, slightly powdery, even boozy with a kind of burnt-sugar and plastic that raw vanilla can give , thankfully not over-sweet. The supporting notes keep the mind engaged. One of the best vanilla interpretations I've come across. Probably slightly feminine leaning, but distinct enough for a man to carry off. I got a similar vanilla from Lush Vanillary but that one went a bit too cup-cake, this one is more like a light dusting of vanilla infused icing sugar: quite airy, light and transparent. Above all a sensual-romantic classy scent: reminding us that - when fully ripe - natures vegetation can be just as seductive as animalic displays!

Overall 82/100. Somehow not doing so well on other reviews, but I'll trust my nose here.Closer to the very best vanillas (Guerlains, Mona di Orio etc) than designer efforts. The real magic is in the first hour, then it may resemble a refined Le Male given an unlimited budget. I'd be delighted to have this smell associated with me.
Atelier Cologne Vanille Insensee is a creamy vanilla, somewhat gourmand-like, drawing from many different concepts: woody, smoky, and definitely floral.

I didn't get too much citrus in the opening, despite the note listing.  The experience started mainly with the vanilla itself, which didn't wait for the dry down.  Similarly, I account for the amber's presence throughout the life of the fragrance due to the creaminess of the vanilla.  The oak stands in the background throughout, anchoring the fragrance with a dryness that doesn't let it become a fleeting floral nor an overly cake-like gourmand.

To compare to other vanilla-focused fragrances, Vanille Insensee contains some of the booze of Perry Ellis Oud Black Vanilla Absolute, some of the florals of Dame Perfumery Blak Floral, and the darkness of Imaginary Authors Memoirs of a Trespasser, perhaps the insensee (incense?) reminding me of the prominent myrrh note in MOAT.

Now I'm not sure Vanille Insensee is as good as of these fragrances since it doesn't really commit to any one direction all that much, but that might make it all the more agreeable among vanilla lovers and non-lovers alike, the latter since it's relatively easy to wear.

On performance, Vanille Insensee projects more and lasts longer than most of its Atelier Cologne freshie brethren, so it definitely feels more valuable, and at an unusual steal at FragranceX for only $84 for 100ml.

Usage-wise, men and women alike can use this throughout the year.  I imagine it can remain under control in warm weather but not disappear in cold weather either, so I'd speculatively regard this is a solid year-round option.  Not my favorite vanilla but one I might consider adding.

8 out of 10
I'm really starting to enjoy Atelier Cologne's fragrances.  They all seem to be slow burners:  I'll spray one on, then think "Hmm, not much to that," and then about an hour later I'll notice a really nice, beautifully balanced fragrance emanating from about an inch from my skin.  Vanilla Insensée is no exception.  It starts as a sweetish vanilla with a lick of lemony jasmine, and then it ends in a light, woody bit of pie-spice.  Quite a polite vanilla, really, in a world full of bombshells, beasts, and layer cakes--but not prim or shy. 
Light, refreshing Vanilla...

This is a vanilla that is in keeping with the spirit and direction of Atelier Cologne in that it is an eau de cologne with a vanilla aspect to it. That means that it is not a perfume with a heavy vanilla note. Instead it is one which is surrounded with citrus notes.

The lime and oakwood are the main notes, along with the vanilla, are what make this. I also detect the citron backing up the lime, and the subtle jasmine, giving a dirty quality to the mix.

I think this is a vanilla for people who don't like vanilla in perfumes. A very wearable vanilla for men and a unique, refreshing choice for women. Not bad at all!
Nevermind the insanity of the name, this is a pleasantly luminous vanilla-inspired scent with a fraction of the richness associated with the bean and none of the heft. A hint of spice, a touch of floral and a toasty paper-like crispness come together for a surprisingly interesting take on the genre. 

Vanille Insensée smells to me like an improved albeit sweeter version of DSquared Rocky Mountain Wood with its warm floral incense vibes. Performance may vary with individuals but I can't personally fault its sillage nor projection as I find them excellent.
vanille edcNon-cuddly vanilla.  More woody than spicy or dessert-like. Papery, actually.  Citrus notes at the top tell you that the vanilla won't be either warm or sweet.  Ambery and smoky notes are accents rather than dominant notes and let the vanilla keep its crisp edge.  The Atelier line purports to reinvent the cologne genre. Without much sillage, strength or endurance Vanille Insensee doesn't step far out of the range of dynamics of the eau de cologne, but the composition certainly isn't the classic citrus edc. It has similarities to l'Artisan Parfumeur Vanille Havane, Serge Lutens Bois de Vanille and Parfums de Nicolai Vanille Intense. Atelier's vanilla shares the coolness of the other vanillas, but is airier, less radiant and more matte. It's the unlikely goldilocks between the contemporary woody vanilla and the classic eau de cologne and a successful refashioning of the edc genre. 
Like raw vanilla bean and spice. Haven't tried it alone, but it pairs beautifully with LaVanilla "Pure Vanilla," which has some patchouli in it. Together, they're as satisfying as a hot cup of fresh black coffee.
l get a refreshing, woody-citrus opening, & then l smell a lot of white musk along with a whiff of jasmine. lt takes a few minutes for the vanilla to appear, & it's not candy-sweet at all, but dry, & laced heavily with amber. The amber becomes more & more dominant over the next few hours, & the base has a warm, woody, slightly honeyed feel. 
l would say this fragrance is far more about amber than vanilla, so if you're looking for a straight-up vanilla, this isn't it. lt is a very nice fragrance though, & the sillage & longevity are good, this being labelled as a "cologne absolu". l think this is supposed to mean a "perfume-strength cologne", although l don't know why they don't just call it an EDP...

Very sweet juice with decent longevity and projection. Not much left to say about this fragrance that hasn't already been said. I find it smells like Fruity Pebbles cereal. I like it, but don't see a full bottle in my future.
Is this an everyday fragrance for any occasion, absolutely not. However, nobody can honestly get a whiff of this and say wow that stinks. This frag deffenitely has its time and place. If your goal when putting on a fragrance is to get compliments and have women turned on then this will 100% do the job, women love this frag. I guarantee a compliment everytime you wear it, it is what it is just facts to the haters of this frag. There is a reason its one of the top sold frags in the world. You want to be unique and wear something that no one else really enjoys except yourself by all means, if you want to get compliments at a bar from pretty women this is for you.
Paco Rabanne as a fragrance name for men had slowly slipped down the relevance slope over the years, with the undeniable influence of Paco Rabanne Pour Homme (1973) on the masculine fragrance scene slipping from mainstream design somewhere around the end of the 80's. That watershed scent was needing a "replacement" so to speak in the eyes of the mass-market blind buyers that work off of peer pressure, as it became less of a must-have for everyone and more of a must-have for the vintage fan; once a scent crosses that threshold, it's work is for all intents and purposes done, and a house needs to reinvent it's image with a new halo product. Tenere (1988) was too niche in interest to ever really catch on, and XS (1993) was good, but part of the "fresh fougère" wave and drowned in a sea of samey competition. Paco (1996) was an attempt to join the unisex craze, and Black XS (2005) was part of that "youth targeting" movement of the early 2000's. All of these were good products, but not the one Paco Rabanne needed. Enter: 1 Million. This deliberately gimmicky scent could have been released by Avon during it's halcyon years for the packaging alone, and it was so finely-tuned as a generalist with a fun club-going side that it instantly struck gold (pun intended) with it's upwardly-mobile millenial career professional target. It had balance and pleasantness borrowed from the best 90's generalists, a sweet pseudo-gourmand femme-friendly vibe to make it a "go-getter" in the clubs, plus a flashy, gaudy personality that resonated with the "glorified hedonism" of mainstream hip-hop culture of the time. It checked all the boxes, and became the Paco Rabanne Pour Homme of the 21st century. At what price victory? Well that's the question for Paco Rabanne to answer, as it took not one or two, but three perfumers to concoct this "faceless man" of a note pyramid.

Do I like it? Yes. It's hard not to like this honestly, as it's such a focus-group-in-a-bottle that everyone will find enjoyable facets that counteract the boring or maybe even slightly intolerable ones. Even most haters of this stuff will admit it doesn't smell bad, it just has nothing for them because it's such a boiled down mash of everything people like that it comes across like pandering, and fault it for it's lack of distinction; it's like a person who tries to agree with everyone and is trusted by no one as a result. 1 Million opens with grapefruit, which is a holdover from the late 90's and early 2000's ozonic period, so it checks that box. They add mint and blood orange to the mix, one is meant to smooth out the grapefruit's tang, while the other rounds it out with a darker citrus tone, which checks another box. Sweet, bold, but held back by a scent counterpoint so it stays cool and fresh. The gourmand tones of the middle add some comfort, with cinnamon and other spices playing with rose and a soft suede note, so check off boxes for fans of orientals, floral masculines and leather scents, even if none of these notes really stand out over the other. Finally, a base of carefully-measured generic Iso-E Super woods and patchouli flanks a "everyone loves amber" bottom end. It's almost Paco Rabanne plagiarizing Avon's "me too" designs, but times 10, almost. It's practically the posture child of balance, and is the Goldilocks of note pyramids; not too sweet, not too spicy, not too fresh, not too warm or cool, but just right. It spawned a bunch of flankers, as some did actually find fault with it's design, and ironically they all have more personality than this one does by very nature of their specialization: there's a lighter eau de cologne, a darker Prive, and an even louder Intense version out there now. As if this one didn't cover all bases enough itself, it's siblings will hit any area missed. 

As the fragrance for the guy who wants to both impress everyone yet potentially offend no one, this does exactly what it sets out to do, and was thus copied a dozen times by other houses. Guys looking to make a statement might as well become mute when wearing this so they'll likely do better staying away. 1 Million almost created a new genre of "nightclub scent" as it was most often found in that context during it's first years, if only because of the rich playboy image it's gold bar bottle gives off, making it attractive for a good time at face value much like the people wearing it wish they were. This is where the stigma of 1 Million being the smell of "hetero alpha male douchebag" came from, as this was the smell wafting off the collar of the guy in the white blazer trying to buy all the ladies drinks and hand out phone numbers to every table. It's the arch-nemesis of Jean Paul Gaultier's Le Mâle (1995), which is the polar opposite of this and the "old guard" club scent that refuses to die (but is found more in gay clubs nowadays than strait ones). Again, I do like this, as it's completely pleasant, soft, sweet, with only a small drop of the risque, rather than rolling in it, but I do admit throwing it under the bus in this review due to it's blatant, unabashed commercialism. Liking Paco Rabanne 1 Million is like enjoying McDonald's cheeseburgers: you don't like admitting they taste good in that generic "I can probably do better" kind of way, and you know everyone else who eats there probably shares similar sentiment, but it's such an easy and safe grab that you do more times than you care to admit; that is 1 Million in a nutshell for me. It's not often that a generalist comes along which can pull double-duty in romantic or leisure settings, transitioning from uniform to dress casual and even over to pajamas for the evening after, so it objectively gets high ranks from me for it's utility. However, once you look past the kitsch of the bottle, it has as much personality as a Dodge Caravan. 
I love this stuff, my wife prefers Le Male when I am going with a sweeter scent but this is one of my favorites. No, I am not a cologne Guru, just a guy who prefers a sweeter citrus scent over the pushy salesmen colognes.
A very sexy masculine fragrance, fruity and flowery. Well done, but without much originality. Good performances. 
It's a great fragrance, very powerful and long lasting. its an absolute beast on performance. Awesome opening which then turns very sweet, but masculine.

it Is very hard to describe exactly how this smells. The closest I can compare it to is Rose scented fabric softener with a hint of JPG Le Male... over all its very pleasing to my nose, and will most likely be enjoyed by teenagers and young men (like myself). This to me is only a going out ''partying'' scent, however could be worn in school or work with 1-2 sprays at the most.

Scent - 8.5/10
Silage/projection - 10/10
longevity - 10/10
Versatility - 5/10
weather - Winter nights
Age - 15 - 25 (younger crowd)
Compliments - 9/10 (90% of the time I get a compliment when wearing this)



Out of the bottle this is very sweet and candy-like, but after a while it settles to a nice slightly spicey woody scent, sort of like cedar but not quite (it is probablt the sandalwood note they used). The sillage is pretty low so I would say this is a good office scent.
Admittedly not an artistic masterpiece, Paco Rabanne's 1 Million is a terribly under-appreciated and unfairly maligned fragrance.  It gets compliments and performs great.    As for one of the recurring critiques of the fragrance, the "bubblegum sweetness" is exaggerated.  It is sweet, but not overly sweet.  In fact, it is more spicy than sweet.

Smell 8/10
Longevity 9/10
Projection 10/10

Best for night-time wear, but exercising some trigger control, 1 Million is suitable for all occasions.
A delicious cologne loved by both sexes which is worn by too many and has therefore lost its appeal on me. Also it makes me salivate and my teeth hurt for some reason. I definitely like this scent, but I won’t go past a 5mL sample.
Extremely Similar To Fan di Fendi pour Homme, except is is much more smooth and sweeter. The spices are toned down a bit here, and the leather and woods sit in the background. It lasts 6-7 hours for me with good sillage and intensity. Wonderful stuff. It seems like quite a few other scents out there today. I have a few more samples, I'll wear them all before I decide to buy a bottle. So far I like it.
Honestly, this isn't a terrible scent. I actually quite enjoy the sample I received more.  than most of the "complex" or "higher-end" fragrances I own. Yes, it can be synthetic smelling. Yes, it can be very sweet. However, unless you're consistently only hanging out with perfume aficionados, most people aren't going to notice the synthetic side. Also, the cloying scent that a lot of people describe comes from overspraying. One spray of this lasts me a good 10+ hours with excellent projection throughout, and none of my trusted friends have ever mentioned it being too strong or too sweet. As some people have mentioned, I adore the spicy cinnamon citrus opening, and the drydown's sweetness can be ameliorated by wearing it in colder weather. (Not in an 80 degree club or the summer....) All that being said, you do run the risk of smelling like some other people on the street. But really, considering the fact that most people don't wear cologne and that the average person doesn't retain a fragrance in mind unless, say, they have consistent contact with it, (e.g. their SO wears it) the uniqueness warning doesn't really apply for me. All in all, great fragrance suited to a young crowd, (25 and under, any older and it gets juvenile) very attractive, and best suited for chillier weather with minimal sprays.

Cheers!
Yes, it is loud, powdery, sweetness in a bottle.  Lots of comparisons to cotton candy, but it is cleaner and fresher than just a food scent.  And that's why this one gets noticed and received compliments.

I've always noticed that there is a weird, almost organic smell in this as well.  Looking at the notes, I still cannot place it.

Excellent performance in both longevity and projection.
So... I just tried this fragrance for the 1st time a couple days ago. I ordered a bottle of Noir de Noir from Sephora and they gave me a couple of 1 Million samples with my purchase.  I always avoided this because I knew how popular it was and didn't want to smell like every teenager and club rat in the world.

... So anyways, I tried the samples and my mind was blown.  This to me is incredible.  I get a lot of cinnamon and orange in the opening, mainly cinnamon.  The dry down is a little bit too sweet for me but the opening is to die for and makes up for this minor flaw.  This stuff lasts FOREVER on my skin too and projects like a beast.  I own a lot of fragrances, and I hate to say this but I was more mesmerized by this than most of my niche fragrances, Including the bangers: Aventus, Green Irish Tweed, Millesimal Imperial, Reflection Man, and Jubilation XXV.

I enjoyed this so much that I actually just ordered a bottle a few minutes ago.  I know how most people feel about this fragrance, so I probably won't wear it out often.  This is going to be the fragrance that's just for me; the one that I put on when Im around the house just for my pleasure. 

If you do buy this, you're going to smell like a lot of other people so I hope you don't plan on being unique.  This can also come off as sickly sweet if over applied, so be cautious.  This may be overly used and hyped to the max, but I really enjoy it.  Try it if you haven't already.

Even though I don't wear it a ton anymore, I'm still a big fan and consider it a 5 star-modern day masterpiece for me. 

So unique smelling when it was released and has beast mode projection and longevity to boot. Amazing scent when worn the "correct" way with a light hand, which is among my top compliment getters.
Paco Rabanne 1 Million is a fragrance that change my life somewhat. I am not sure whether it was me.. or the perfume. 

I am from Asia to be specific, I am from Singapore. 1 million is not common here unlike western countries from what I gathered from fellow reviewers here, this has gathered so much hype that every hot blooded male is wearing 1million at clubs over there. 

The fragrance game here in Asia its not big. Not many guys wear frags here. Girls being hit with 1million when I walk pass them did not know what it was. To them.. in her exact words when they walk up to me "You smell so nice and sexy" and keep in mind this is a stranger whom I have just met. 

My neck and lips was ravaged by this girl there after. 

I had thought that it was just a one off event. But it had happened several times that I started to believe in the artistry of perfumery. 

This fragrance although have gathered quite alot of hate from the community, have ignited my interest in perfumes and I have expanded my collection by quite abit with also the recent acquisition of bond no.9's New Haarlem. 
It's a little too strong.  But I enjoy the ambery sweetness and to me almost like bubblegum and cinnamon, which some people would hate but I really like.  I love cinnamon in fragrances and it does stand out here a little bit.  I can't wear too much of it because it can be overpowering.  Two sprays, that's it.  Yes there is a 'synthetic' quality but for me, the warmth and sweetness are appealing.

I understand why so many people dislike it - but I just like how it smells.  *shrugs* no big whoop.  I received it as a gift, otherwise I probably wouldn't own it.
Sweet, beautiful and perfect! 
Hands down, one of the best scents ever made!

Scent: 10/10

Salutation.

Very french style.this is special,sweet and spicy.it makes your feel really masculine and stylish then is pefect for a real gentleman!
this fragrances makes me feel warm cold winter nights too.

I recommend it for every one who wants to be seductive in a classic way!
long lasting and attract a lot of woman.
The bottle also fits to the scent.that is really cute.

7.5/10

Thats sweet!
bubble gummy sweetness chocolate and vanilla

not for me ,I used to own it before but Great for sweet lovers and it is also 
very very long lasting!!!
If you grew up around those colored markers that had specific scents, 1 million is (to me) identical to the black marker - the liquorish one.  IDENTICAL.  I always hated that smell as a kid, and I still do as an adult.

It's definitely a reasonably unique smell.  Just not for me tastes.
That blood orange,mint, and grapefruit in the beginning is enticing. But like most potent fragrances being easy on the trigger is a MUST. Too many sprays can over-saturate the notes and cause you to choke people out. The drydown is very pleasant as well.  
It's definitely sweet! The fruity top notes dissipate on my skin within an hour leaving a much more woody scent with a slight touch of sweetness. I pick up a lot more of the white woods and blond leather than anything else. One spray on the back of the neck is sufficient for me. If I sprayed anymore it would become way too sweet and cloying. This scent is good for chilly weather and cooler nights. I really enjoy this one.
i think this is the best smelling fragrance i have every smelled... when i have this on and walk into a room it will make people forget what they was saying and ask omg what are you wear smells great.
demasiado artificialdemasiado artificial, me causa náuseas, é como se a pessoa tivesse acabado de se entupir de antibióticos infantis e a droga ficasse exalando seu terrível cheiro doce do corpo da pessoa
One of the many ugly millionsThis is exactly why i dont like most most fragrances nowadays... and Paco Rabanne sold his soul in here..The name says it : its one million or as i say 'just one of the many millions..."Its an overedged and overrated scent with al ingredients tending to be too mucho macho.Too sweet too artificial with this bubblegum cinnamon spicy mellon cake. I see boys wanna be men in a discotheques lurking on young women trying to get eyecontact but not manly enough to confront them asking to have a drink or have a nice conversation, they stand with the boys being macho and laugh trying to hide their insecureness...this scent is not horrible but its has no soul... i need SOUL in a scent i need have a scent with a story!With this scent i can only think of the times we live in now... hasty,crowded,fast,aggitated multimedia overconsumed and shallow...And again i get more and more hunger back to the days of real romantics...Pros: - - -Cons: How many characters can i use in this textbox ?"

Easily enjoyable fragranceI'm giving this a positive rating because it is plainly and simply a good fragrance. It isn't on every d&@chebag in my town yet and maybe that's why I'm not predisposed to hating it. It has some sweet scents and sits well on my skin. I can see how some people say it smells cheap and I got that from a cursory glance. However, sniffing further into it and giving the drydown a chance, it became wonderful(on me, anyway). Give it a chance and see what you think, with an open mind.Pros: Sweet, good projection, good longevityCons: Common in some areas, artificial instead of natural"
SUPER SWEET	I like it but don't wear it often. definitely a nitetime frag. can be cloying if oversprayed like I just did..	for late nights hangin out/clubbing or 2 draw attention from the opposite sex this is a masterpiece.	otherwise just an overly sweet mess of a concoction..Pros: LONG LASTINGCons: SMEELS ARTIFICIAL"
Sweet, with Good Projection	This fragrance starts out really sweet and really strong at the beginning, but once it fades into the basenotes it becomes a great scent.Pros: Great Basenotes, Good ProjectionCons: Cloying"
overall, a very good fragrance!L1 million is very sweet but masculine smelling at the same time, it has very good projection someone from 6 feet away and more will be able to smell me, longevity is excellent, i get up to 10+ hours, very goodStarts off with a very strong sweet "bubble gum" type of vibe, and that's pretty much all you get with this fragrance so it's very linear, but it is a pleasant scent.When it starts to dry down, i get a vanilla type of vibe on my skin, but it's pretty much a skin scent when it dries down.I go one spray on the neck and one on one wrist and then i tap it with my other wrist, sometimes i go three sprays, please don't over this because it can get cloying especially in hot weatherI think this can definitely be  worn all year round, just be careful with the spray on warmer weatherI think ANY age can pull this off, I'm 16 in high school and i wear this, the ladies love itOverall i give 1 million by paco rabanne a 4.5 out of 5A very pleasant scent, great compliment getterI highly recommend testing it out on your skin first because you might not like it due to it's sweetness, but definitely check it out and give it a try!I hoped you enjoyed my review.Pros: BEAST projection/longevityCons: can get cloying if sprayed to much"
Sweet leather. 
My second number ONE...	One of the bests! Its my second!
I bought this after 1 sniff.
Although I love the fragrance, I consider it to be somewhat juvenile like being present when candy is being made.

I would wear this if I had to go to an evening event full of younger people and I didn't want to smell like an old man.

Other than that, the use would be pretty limited unless I'm partying in the hood.
I will continue to experiment with it to see where it might best apply.
This is a bit of an odd fragrance for me.  When I first samples it, I immediately fell in love with it.  I get the bubblegum and cotton candy references, but to me it smelled more like vanilla flavored pipe tobacco, you know the sweet sugary kind; even though it has no tobacco smell at all to it.  I made the mistake of wearing too much once and it really got to me.  It was way too sweet and overpowering to the point that it gave me a slight headache.  I highly suggest you go lightly with this one, or else you will definitely regret it.  I still enjoy this cologne in small doses, but can't give it an enthusiastic thumbs up.. I'd rate this as a 7/10.  It's too good for a neutral, but nothing earth shattering here.
I love this one. In fact, my first switch from using BOGART POUR HOMME for almost 5 years straight. It's my first day at work after wearing the 1 million - just a spray on the pulse points and then a spray on the chest. The receptionist immediately asked what's the smell as the 1 million is not so easily sold in my country as it's expensive and no sample bottles are sold in this part of the world. 

It feels like sitting in the middle of a vanilla garden all day just by wearing it. One spray is mild. The HEAD aroma is very intense. The HEART leaves a vanilla aroma. The TAIL? Yet to get to that part. My wife should be able to tell the difference. And I'm sure if it is good, I get lucky ;-) !
Yes it might be over used, yes it smells young, yes I might be too old to wear it, BUT what's the bottom line?  It smells good. Sure it smells like bubble gum with some cinnamon sprinkled on top and a touch of sugar. I like and so does my wife. Do I wear it everyday?  Uh no, however to mix things up from time to time I do grab this and don't think twice about it. 
I have used a lot of perfumes ,all top notch.This is something I really love to wear anywhere because you know that you are noticed.Bubblegums,candies etc .are the main notes.Drydown is like a leather jacket.This is complimented.A lot of people might say it's quite ladies but seriously speaking its awesome.You get 1 million compliments.Love this one.Got a lot of them and the compliments continue......................................
Smells very nice, youthful definitely. On me this doesn't last and project as much as the hype would have you believe, but it's a very pleasant and enjoyable fragrance. 
Great sweet but mature scent. Ideal for the night. The only bad thing is that is way to popular and it lacks exclusivity.
Everyone has it. In every club you can smell it. It has already been ripped off. But it smells great! It's actually wonderful. I dont care about others using it, i just find it gorgeous. A must have. Thumbs up.

For me the best way to enjoy Mitsouko, whether vintage or current formulation, is to wear the extract.  It’s the smoothest, prettiest version of this peachy chypre and it won’t leave you scratching your head like some of the other incarnations can.  The challenge of the EDP and EDT comes from that distinct “peach skin” accord of the opening notes.  It’s an abstraction, an idea of a natural smell recreated with persicol, oakmoss and other chemicals that will have varied reactions.  Some swear they smell a photorealistic peach plucked from the tree. Others like myself smell something both bitter and shrill, like champagne laced with strychnine.  But the extract is different.  It’s for Goldilocks. Somehow the peach comes off sweeter and golden, like it is linked to the milky warmth of sandalwood in the basenotes.  This Mitsouko is the one that immediately validates her status as legendary because she is such a timeless, unique and addictive concoction with layers of interest and complexity.  It is easy to imagine a person of 1919, 1960, 1989...etc. being faithful to this bottle and wishing that it never change.  That isn’t to say the EDP and EDT don’t have their own devotees, but it will depend upon how you react to that opening accord. When people talk about classic perfumery, French-style, abstract composition, they’re talking about Mitsouko.  It’s the reference chypre, the Mona Lisa of Grasse. The unlikely to be pretty Bergamot, Patchouli, Cistus and Oakmoss accord tinted and Guerlain-ified with fruit and flowers.  A perfectly judged, impossible to duplicate, enduring, mysterious masterpiece.  
This is reviewing a 50ml refill bottle of the EDP I bought online in August 2019. I don't know what the edition is, yet I am quite sure this is one of the most recent formulations, because yes, it is different from the formulae I have always known.

I will hasten to add that it smells wonderful... So it's not *bad*... just *different*.

Brilliant, nose-prickling aldehydes slowly evanesce to reveal a head of bergamot, and possibly delicate accents of sweet orange, a phantom lemon, petitgrain and neroli to create a brilliant citrus head. And the famous fruity, dry peach, kissed with a discreet anise.

To my nose, this new edition has more musky quality, with perceptible deermusk, civet and ambergris (all synthetic, I'm quite sure). Being a big animalic fan, I like this quality.

In years past, it would be at this moment that I smelled a certain urinaceous quality-- likely castoreum-- smelling for all the world like deer urine in a Texas cedar forest, its floor covered in moody, mulching autumn leaves. I'm really not getting that note here now... the peach/citrus is more juicy and "present".

To my nose, the spicy qualities have also been ratcheted down and made more linear, less "3D"; I suspect the famous clove note of the classic formula also had to be refomulated here, as the barky, non-sweet cinnamon is nearly as prominent now as the clove.

I am getting very little floralcy here, truth told, yet I am picking up on a salty Play-Doh heliotrope, girded with the French thyme "medicinal" or "Band-Aids" note that some describe. I'm not sure I'm getting any rose or lilac at all, and the result is, this formula smells considerably more masculine than ever, beginning to approach the brassy warmth of, say, KNIZE TEN. The pencil-ly cedar note is more discreet now, too.

The absence of oakmoss means that this formula is not quite as rounded, fungal, darkly sweetish and Art Deco-fusty as the old mixture used to be; it is also less "melancholy", as this perfume is so often famously described. Our forlorn geisha waiting for her British beau seems to have cheered up a bit, clambered up onto her tatami sandals and put on some Shiseido tangerine-colored lipstick.

And yet, I cannot melodramatically decree that MITSOUKO has been "ruined" here; the hand that has blended this is obviously expert and of the highest skill. This is still some fine, fine French perfume. In fact, some might say that this new EDP is more "wearable" than it ever was, more of a tous-les-jours candidate today, and not quite the distant and difficult "monument" she has always been. She might even be more "lovable" now (yet still removed from the sweet 'n' naughty hooker-with-a-heart that Rochas FEMME is). I cannot fault this *jus*, and she actually may find more modern lovers in this new guise.

Verdict: significantly tangier and juicier than earlier formulae; musky animalic notes more "present" now, though less urinaceous; very little perceptible floralcy and overall more masculine aura; less sweet and funky/fusty base.

Still gorgeous, bold, golden-glowing and compelling.

(UPDATE---->) Okay, now I'm getting the lilac. Surprisingly, it is not a head or heart note, but rather comes out to play in the late development of the EDP, after the spices have settled down! Mingled with an obvious iris, it smells both powdery, pastel purpley, and rubbery, like wet latex paint. Intriguing!
Peachy, musky and mossy. Maybe just a touch powdery and pissy. That is my thoughts. Not bad smelling or impossibly dated. Addictive and delightful. Classy and sophisticated. Complex. 
Adore this historic scent.  I just love this fragrance, and I make sure my wife always has a bottle!
Woman in the Dunes by Hiroshi Teshigahara 1964
Kobo Abe (novel)
Mitsouko (1919) is not just a great perfume, but also a very important one. Loved by generations and almost passed down like an heirloom from its fans to their children, Mitsouko is one of the most often-discussed classic Guerlains in existence, picking up the nickname "Mitzy" by it's admirers. I feel like a century after its creation, Mitsouko can only really be appreciated outside of these faithful fans for the history, context, and legacy it left behind for most rank and file people. Folks who enjoy perfume in the 21st century will have a difficult time understanding the appeal of Mitsouko, if only because it is of a style effectively extinct in mainstream or designer perfumery, and that style is of the chypre. Jicky (1889), L'Heure Bleue (1912), and the later Shalimar (1925) were all more or less in the fougère style, or semi-oriental fougère in the case of Shalimar, but Mitsouko was not part of Jacques Guerlain's usual "compound building" technique of basing perfumes on other perfumes, or building off of partial structures from past works, thus is unrelated to them or "Guerlinade". Instead, Mitsouko was a thoroughly new creation from the ground up, in an emerging style Jacques likely wanted to play with, and a style proving quite popular with women, becoming universally popular for much of the 20th century. It wasn't until the advent of aromachemicals that classic perfume genres declined in favor of cleaner and less-assertive compositions, with the restriction of substances upon which chypres were mostly based making chypres too difficult to create; the style had simply fallen from grace far enough to not make it worth the research anyway. In the meantime, the fruity-floral mannerisms and brisk cistus/oakmoss backbone of Mitsouko inspired countless perfumes to follow, and like most early 20th century feminine Guerlains, was also used extensively by male dandies, even being a favorite of esteemed actor Charlie Chaplin. The origins of the name "Mitsouko" is up to debate, but most sources point to it being derived from the name of the heroine in Claude Farrère's novel "La bataille (The Battle), set in Japan during the Russo-Japanese War, and telling of a secret affair between a British Navy Officer and one "Mitsouko," the wife of Fleet Admiral Baron Tõgõ Heihachirõ. As the story goes, both the officer and the Admiral went off to war together, and Mitsouko waited at home for the return of the survivor, with whom her romance would continue on. I think the association with this story alone managed to sell considerable units, since the Guerlain advertising was often hinted at it. 

The smell of Mitsouko is designed somewhat to be a compliment to the previous L'Huere Bleue, which is why they share the same bottle design. L'Heure Bleue is meant to symbolize waiting for love at the onset of night, while Mitsouko is meant to symbolize the returning of said love after a battle, representing something of a symbolic beginning and conclusion of a story arc. L'Heure Bleue is mostly a rich, powdery floral fougère, which comes on strong then fades into sweet warmth. Mitsouko is the equal opposite of this development, and represents a fragrance that literally reverse fades into view by being quiet in the opening, then gradually ratcheting up presence until the complex and sharp chypre base provides the climax. Mitsouko opens transparent, with light fruity top notes of peach, mandarin, bergamot, neroli, and lemon. The smell is so very familiar at the onset because most of us have encountered some of the women's perfumes ranging from drugstore to boutique perfumer that have attempted its emulation. The middle slowly materializes with rose, jasmine, ylang-ylang, and lilac, with a spicy clove note to sensually bind them all. By the time the base finally arrives, it's pretty difficult to tell notes apart, as the fruity floral top and middle collapse into a very complex and blended chypre base, with oakmoss and cistus labdanum being the only two really noticeable players outside some musk, amber, and sandalwood. Not quite Guerlinade, but still clearly over-engineered like most Jacques Guerlain pefumes. Some of the most cherished classics actually come across as hot takes on Mitsouko's finish in hindsight, so that deja vu comes back again for another round in my mind. Unlike whatever random Revlon or Coty everyone's Aunt Maude wore, Mitsouko has a certain refined air of a true sophisticate in its DNA, and doesn't reveal all sides of its structure in every single wear. Performance varies on concentration but more on that later. Mitsouko is not a casual fragrance, nor was ever meant to be, so wear it on special occasions where something as deeply textured or mysterious as Mitsouko feels warranted. Being perhaps one of the finest examples of a dead genre makes Mitsouko feel a tad more antiquated than some of its peers of the day, since Shalimar still remains in the public consciousness thanks to modern celebrity endorsement, plus the older turn-of-the-century Guerlains seem to more closely-resemble genres experiencing resurgence in modern prestige perfume. Mitsouko by contrast just sort of sits pretty with its hands in its lap as the darling precursor of the mid 20th century's favorite feminine style, which does more to make it an anachronism than the rest, but at least it isn't powered by aldehydes like Chanel No. 5 (1921).

I love chypres, but I also can't rightfully lead anyone to sample this without first making it clear that Mitsouko has weathered age the least-gracefully of all the classic Guerlains. Naturally, all moss was limited to ridiculously small levels by IFRA after 2011, and from 2006 to 2011, a blend of oakmoss and treemoss had to be used to reduce the amount of skin sensitizers naturally occurring in oakmoss by itself. This is why most classic chypres outside of the big sellers are discontinued, and the ones profitable enough to keep on the shelves in spite of themselves have been reformulated sometimes to the point of being unrecognizable by fans of the original releases. Contrary to that, a lot of research money has been dumped into the preservation of Mitsouko, with low-atranol "fractured" versions of oakmoss using molecular chemistry being substituted by Guerlain house perfumer Thierry Wasser for the natural stuff. It's this same reconstituted oakmoss that also exists in modern Habit Rouge (1965), and  makes Guerain chypres a far better sight and more authentic than most other chypre survivors in modern times, but still markedly different from vintage since oakmoss is such a linchpin to the chypre accord itself. Other Guerlains from the era like L'Heure Bleue or Shalimar rely more on powdery vanillic tonka bases or oriental elements, so they have survived in forms much closer to their original state than Mitsouko. Regardless of whether one seeks vintage or not, Mitsouko is still a large perfume by modern standards, so only fans of slow unfurling dry downs should seek it, with old colognes being brighter, current eau de toilettes having a more floral character, and parfum extrait having the deepest base presence/longest wear. I really like Mitsouko, and even if it's among the harder classic Guerlains for a man to pull off, I'd still flaunt it like I just don't care (because I don't), however I also cannot in good conscience call this unisex. Classic chypre fans consider Mitsouko one of several holy grails for good reason, but for everyone else, it is more of a historical journey than a practical perfume, answering the question of why "Mom's old Avon" smells the way it does. Well, now we have our answer: it wanted to be Mitsouko. Since 1919, a lot perfumes have wanted to be Mitsouko, even future Guerlain ones. Everyone just wanted to be Mitsouko, but there can only ever be one Mitsouko, and she still patiently waits for us to return home from our battles, so she can give us her love. Thumbs up!
Now and then I’m down in the dumps, worried about the sad state of the world.  Whenever that happens, Mitsouko is a perfect antidote.  Art, history, culture, timeless style — all perfectly represented here. Just one or two sprays, and it’s like the feeling I get in fine art museums.  You know you’re in the presence of genius.  As with all fine arts, it’s likely to take some time to really figure out and “get” Mitsouko.  Keep trying, it’s very much worth the effort.  Highest recommendation. 
Mitsouko is made with superb ingredients and smells very sophisticated.

I associate this smell with cigars and pipe tobacco. No need to be scared with it being peachy and feminine.
It’s not bad, but I feel bad for not liking it. The opening with bergamot is interesting, just like Shalimar. Then it’s a bit dull... 

OK, OK. After reading your reviews, I guess I'll have to try it again. 

The vintage Parfum miniature I have (from the 90’s) is way more interesting and make this review go from a “meh” neutral to positive. The bergamot is less present and goes towards a beautiful floral mix. Very potent. 
Say my name !!!! Mitsouko !
Wonderful !I like edt ,edp not good smell.
What wondrous story
Making past seem like present
Stirs in your bottle?
I bought this blindly and the Eau de Toilette came in the mail a few days ago. 

When I opened the gold box and took the elegant bottle out I was excited. 

Then I sprayed it on me. It instantly reminded me of my late Aunt Serena who lived from 1921-2011.  Which was both good and bad.

This scent is unlike anything I've ever liked. My first impression was that I hated it. My preferences are for notes such as opoponox, sandalwood, cedar, cypress, and bergamot. My favorite scents are Chanel Bois des Iles, Diptypque Tam Dao, Tom Ford Noir and Gucci II. I took a "risk" by purchasing Mitsouko.

The problem with me, personally, is that I was convinced this smelled like my late Aunt Serena. I loved her, but I did not want to smell like her. So I contacted her son and asked him if his mother ever wore Mitsouko.

His answer was related to something that will not sound at all politically correct but it is the truth.  

Aunt Serena was married to Uncle Luke,  who served in the US Army Infantry during WWII. He fought in the most brutal battles in the Pacific, both on Leyte Island and Okinawa against Japanese forces. He saw the worst of war. He hated the enemy.

So according to Serena and Luke's son Tom, his mom would NEVER wear any perfume that sounded Japanese. My apologies for having to communicate something which sounds prejudiced to modern ears. Yes it is, but it must be understood in connection to those who experienced WWII. There are still some old people who won't drive German cars, or people in China who cannot forgive Japan, or Japanese who cannot forgive the atomic bombs. We must all repair our bonds but we also must try and see how historic hates metastasized into wars. 

So now I know my Aunt Serena never wore Mitsouko. And after learning of this, I reapplied the scent, forgot the association, and found that Mitsouko needs time to appreciate. 

It is frankly old-fashioned, reminding me of opening up an old box of newspapers in an attic, smelling the inside of piano, entering an old house where a woman just dusted herself with powder and went into the kitchen and sliced up a peach.

The scent sticks and sticks and will not go away. It dries down into something perceptible and ruminative. It makes me think of the piano score from the Anastasia (1958) written by Alfred Newman and starring Ingrid Bergman.
I read another fragrantica review about Guerlains, which propose an explaination why this truly legendary brand not as popular as it was: they're not those over-the-counter 5-minutes-fame perfumes, they're mean to be take-home and appreciated in a longer time frame. Most people don't have the patience now.

Now that I've experienced mitsouko, I can't agree more with this review.

First time I tried mitsouko at counter, the sales person burst into laugh when they saw the grimace I made: the opening is a bit off-putting. It has a rather medicinal note which appears in a lot of old Guerlains, and I still don't know what caused it. I also get that inky/wet oakmoss tone on top. The rest of it is soft-fresh spice smell, not sweet, not warm, not harsh.

I just let it sit on my arms and went home, planning to scrub it off as soon as I can. By one accident sniff I was captured: it turns into something divine. The only note I can pick out is peach, not in a realistic way——frankly speaking, a lot of realistic peach only make me feel they tried too hard——but rather...lazy and comforting, not unlike a beauty lies blithely on the bed of aforementioned spicy accords, as if she did not know how charming she is. 

So Guerlain teachs me a lesson: never judge a perfume by its opening, especially old classics like mitsouko.


Each evening, come rain or shine, I run with my whippet through the enormous walnut orchards by my house, as the sun slowly sets. During the fall (my favorite season), the walnuts ripen and finally shed their skins, and the fruit drops to the ground. The skins, the shells, the still-warm earth, and the fading leaves on the trees--all of this is closely reincarnated in Mitsouko. The perfume's dark, velvety oak moss and its walnut-skin bite of piquant green create in me an almost melancholic introspection that suits my artistic nature down to a T. It's autumnal tone and notes that mimic moist, rain-soaked dirt speak to me in the same way that black and white films and photographs do. Its beauty is an aching, longing kind that will never be totally fulfilled, and it is all the more lovely because of this. Somehow Mitsouko seems to find the commonalities between the human body and the natural world, all the while speaking to a deep, nameless emotion that those who have lived long enough, share. 

-Review for the vintage PdT
I bought Mitsouko perfume bottles 15ml.& 7ml. This is classic and very beautiful smell. Perfume had flower,wood smell but Eau de Toilette had green smell sharply. I don't like EdT. 
This one I like, depending on my mood.  To me it is a woody, slightly spicy, floral.  No one note stands out.  They are all blended together.  It is a somewhat monotone fragrance.  

I have learned to love this.  Perhaps it is all the sampling of other perfumes, since purchasing this one, that I have come to appreciate its beauty.
This one crept up on me. I got myself a 2 ml sample of the EdT because I wanted to explore some of the classic Guerlain fragrances. I did not expect to really love it, but it did sound interesting, and I thought it might help me understand what a chypre smells like.

On the first try I did not even know whether I liked it or not. Compared to most of my (rather Chanel heavy) fragrance collection, this one smelled a little odd, a bit difficult, slightly off even. It did, however, smell interesting, not generic, and certainly not boring, and somehow I kept going back to that sample to try some more.

It took me a few wears to distinguish and label the different notes I smelled. I definitely get peach. It's not a bright and sunny peach, but more of a mysterious dark peach. I also get a little of the jasmine and some subtle woods in the base, but neither of these notes are the star of the show. 

The real defining note for me is what I've been lovingly calling the Guerlain funk. In the case of Mitsouko, it's a stale-flower-vase-water funk; vegetal, fuzzy and cool. It gives this fragrance a deep dark, murky green feel. This might sound unattractive, but it isn't. Combined with the dark gold sparkle of the peach, it transports me to a shadowy pond in a enchanted forest, where frogs just may transform into princes. 

And by the time I used the last of my 2 ml sample I felt sad that I would now be without this fragrance, so I bought a full bottle.

I have the sneaking suspicion that I'll continue to like this more the more  I wear it.


This review is for the 2014 EDT, which is reputed to be among Guerlain's better reformulations. I also have a 2015 EDP, and can't recommend that one - it has a sour note, and might have been among the batch issued prior to Guerlain's 2015 Mitsouko and L'Heure Bleue production halt due to a problem with one of their shared ingredients (that issue was resolved, and production resumed in 2016). The 2015 suspension involved only the EDP and parfum extrait concentrations of those fragrances - not the EDT.

Mitsouko EDT, while of course lighter and thinner than the parfum, is true to its heritage and actually smells more like my vintage juice than the 2015 EDP (referenced above). The EDT is fresh, crisp and well delineated, and it even has a little of the bite we associate with oakmoss (though modern Mitsouko contains only a fractionated version of that restricted ingredient). So I agree with those who say that 2014 was a very good year for Mitsouko EDT.  
It's bright and sunny. I smell peach and ginger and mace and honey. Even so, I would keep it for spring and summer. It's got a little spice to it as it opens up, and while I wouldn't call this a night scent /for me/, I tend to wear masculine perfumes at night, so this might be deep enough for someone who prefers florals in the daytime. 
Mitsouko edt is a fun, interesting fragrance, reminiscent of a leather handbag filled with lotions and other secrets, with some bright fruit and sweet flowers, peach and jasmine, I gather.
Unbelievably multi-faceted and ever-evolving during the course of a single wearing, and different to my nose every day I wear it. It seems like everything affects it, and tilts it one way or another along a burnished gold spectrum: the temperature outside, the time of year, my mood, the alignment of the planets, what I had for lunch :). Even though some days it's not for me, it is simply without peer and worthy of its pedestal. A treasure.
Purchased for my wife based on Basenotes reviews and popularity.  I own several Guerlain fragrances and always have found the house's scents very well done in a quite traditional sense.

What struck me as odd about Mitsouko is that it didn't seem dated at all but in fact, a very modern fruity chypre.  The peach and jasmine middle notes are prominent, supported by a mossy wood base.  Sweet, but not sickly.  Although not listed, there's a touch of white floral, to keep it feminine.  Good longevity and average sillage.  Seems to be a better fall to spring scent.  Wife likes it.

Thumbs Up for me as well.
I've tried this on a few occasions now, as all Guerlains require me to before reviewing! Well, this is an interesting one.  It takes confidence for a man to wear it, but once you feel confident, it's an amazing experience and nobody would ever think you were wearing a "Women's" fragrance.  Right at the start it's slightly fruity but in my opinion it's "dry", not juicy. That dryness allows it to be firmly unisex where just a bit more juice would have leaned feminine.  There's some citrus and spice lurking in the background but it's never very strong on me.

The middle is also immediately evident, you don't really need to wait for the top to fade.  The middle is moss and rose, plus just a bit of a peach-fuzz-like effect.  Also the moss here doesn't smell like the oakmoss we're all used to, at least not to me, and it smells nothing like the little vial of true oakmoss I have either.  It smells recognizably like standard green moss that you might have smelled as a child.  There's some vetiver somewhere in the mix too but it isn't grassy, it's earthy.  There are some woods in there as well but I can't quite pinpoint exactly what kinds of woods they are.  They're soft and don't smell generic or synthetic.  If this all makes it sound like a scent influenced by unusual outdoors-evoking smells, that's because it is.  Slightly sweet but earthy and rich, and shame unto anyone who says that description doesn't sound masculine, or at least unisex.

Things get softer toward the end but that's really it with this fragrance.  The only thing that made me question wearing this out in public was that rose note.  Upon further thought, however, I decided rose is very common in oud scents and incense fragrances that men wear.  If it's OK to mix with a peppery wood and smokey incense, why not earthy vetiver and moss? One more thing that really solidified my confidence in the fragrance's unisex quality was its reference in Habit Rouge EDP.  There are some parts in the middle of Habit Rouge EDP that are, at least in my opinion, a firm nod in Mitsouko's direction.  When I close my eyes and smell my wrist while wearing this, "feminine" doesn't even come to mind.  So relax, men, this is more masculine than original Habit Rouge and Habit Rouge EDP.  I think it's significantly more masculine than Dior Homme.  This is certainly more masculine than Shalimar, which many men wear.  Plus it's an amazing composition that we deserve to enjoy too!  Big thumbs-up from me.

Salutation.
MITSOUKO is one of the best NIGHT scents.A heavenly feminine elegant scent that evokes wonderful memories as it is a unique part of your personality.It have a timeless appeal which transcends time.Mysterious,Classy,Warm,Heavy, Exquisite,Classic,Generous,Traditional and Unforgettable.

It has Floral-Fruity top notes that reveal Citruses,Peach with a soft spicy touch these lead to the Warm and Mossy base notes ruled by Amber,Okamoss and Vetiver as it has a lot of hidden undertones that seems to come out at different times of Night.It smell makes precious effluvium and transport it to Everyone.

It is strong but not overpowering or obnoxious.Regardless MISSOUKO is a must try,this classic scents possess a charisma that nowaday perfumes are lack it.no doubt it appropriate for COLD EVENINGS and i recommend it to a High Class and Dignified Lady in SPECIAL occasions.Heaven in a Bottle.

Sillage?Great.

Longevity?Magnificent on my skin.

8/10

This perfume has a little something in it for everyone. Herbal? Check. Gourmand? Check. Sweet - but not overly so? Check. Sexy? Major check. The base notes come out early, rounding out the middle notes into a robust, sexy scent, that dries down into something more somber and thoughtful. Quite an amazing journey. Plus, I do love a good peach scent... If you like Bond No 9 Chinatown, this will be up your alley. 
Edt Version. A smooth yet bitter chypre with a surging moss note that seems to rise up from the center of the composition.

Mitsouko is pretty great. It highlights the complexity of Guerlain’s compositions, managing to form a wall-of-scent effect but without clobbering you in the process. It's the ideal merger of florals, citrus, spices, and moss with the latter two items sitting in the front seat. To me, it’s a smoldering kind of perfume that seems to move away from the pyramid structure we’re familiar with to create instead the impression of a primary green core with the secondary notes rippling out in concentric waves.

As it settles, it takes on more of a wood/grass kind of a role but with a prominent peach poking through. The spices play a more focused role here as well, with cinnamon and something that smells a little like clove creeping into the mix. It never turns full gourmand, but it does seem savory and edible at moments. Ultimately, it’s a great chypre with a warm, comfortable edge to it despite its brisk opening.
This was my first Guerlain purchase, when after reading much about the brand's history and creations, I rocked up at my local department store, determined that I had to find one to suit me. The sales girl told me that I was definitely a Shalimar girl, then sprayed me with it, and Mitsouko, and left me to think about it. Half an hour later, I was back, hooked on the latter, whatever anyone said.
For me, it was not so much the fruity peach-skin note that did it, instead I was taken by the combination of oakmoss and spices (I sniffed cinnamon in particular), which reminded me of Christmas, perhaps in a wintry, foresty setting. It has a richness and warmth that speaks of drama and history, of people with stories to tell doing interesting things. But it is not just a plush, expensive perfume - the oakmoss, for me, sets it apart and makes it that little bit different.
I have to admit, though, it is exclusively a cool-weather fragrance, and works particularly well on grey overcast days.
Okay I've taken the plunge. The citrus is pretty obvious and so is the rose (which is similar to the rose on Habit Rouge EDT but stronger). Pretty quickly the middle notes approach with a nice blending of all those notes. The peach gives the floral a slight gourmand reaction. I found it to be pretty quiet in the first couple of minutes but now it keeps drumming on in a good clip with three sprays on my wrist. The florals give it a slightly "fresh bread" smell and the peach/oakmoss combination seems like the core of the scent. It all blends very well. I don't see this particularly being too feminine and I would recommend it to those who like, gourmands, rose scents, citrus and oakmoss. I think this could be suitable anytime of year but personally there is something cosy about it in regards to the spices and would be even better in the winter. The spices really move the scent forward. It doesn't scream of headache inducing florals but stays close to the skin and is very tasteful. It may seem stronger if you sit in one place collecting wafts of the scent. The true beauty appears in the drydown where the spices meet the woods. 
"I've lost too many to be happy..."

What is the scent of melancholy? This bizarre child of some post-war Europe is staring at you with its beautiful slanted eyes and smiles wistfully. Noone is certain how it was baptized with that delicate and mellifluous name anymore. A name that steps in two different worlds. The one of mystery and the one of the morning light. A name that involves a British officer, a Japanese Fleet Admiral, a heart split in twain, a French writer and member of Académie française, an Austrian diplomat, the daughter of a Tokyo antique seller tycoon, and a small part of the world called Hellas... The journey begins...
In 1909, Claude Farrère wrote a novel under the title "La Bataille". It was about the forbidden love between the wife of Heihachiro Togo or Marquess Yorisaka and the naval liaison Commander Herbert Fergan. When both of them headed for the Battle of Tsushima she promised that she would spent the rest of her life with whoever would come back alive. Noone did... Love and duty were drown in the Korea Strait, leaving her a lonesome widow. Her name was Mitsouko...
On May 16th in 1892, Heinrich von Coudenhove-Kalergi, descendant of a Byzantine family, married the tiny daughter of Aoyama family despite both families' opposition to that act. A few years later they moved to Europe. She never saw her country again... The had seven children. One of them, Richard Nikolaus Graf von Coudenhove-Kalergi, was one of the pioneers in the idea of a United Europe. This remarkable woman managed to learn French, German, Geography, History, Law and Economics in order to stand her ground in her new country. Her name was Mitsuko...
According to the fascinating stories which are many times woven about the christening of a fragrange, one of these two women gave her name to the myth. A name which, in its language of origin, means "Child of Light" and not "Mystery" as Jacques Guerlain would like us to believe. As for the "o" that turned it into "Mitsouko", it is simply the French pronunciation of the Japanese phoneme. But alas, although the name points to something cheerful, the perfume itself is one of the most melancholic scents I have ever sensed... Aloof, like the locked heart of a maiden who waits her dearest to return from a lengthy, perilous trip to some far-flung corner of the Earth... Want-clad, like the sad remains of a forlorn love, lost in the paths of time... A scent of unfulfilled promises and enslaved desires... There is an old Cretan folk song that says:

Everyone asks me "Why crying?".
But who do I annoy?
I came unwanted in this world
to make your hearts my toy...

I thik that it fits perfectly... Mitsouko is not the loud expression of a grief asking to be the centre of attention. It is the wise and silent agony for a world long gone. A certain story has it that L'Heure Bleue marked the beginning of World War One and Mitsouko its end. Like the symbols of a parenthesis that the world was hoping never to endure again. Mitsouko, despite closing this catastrophic parenthesis, is not an optimistic scent. Maybe because while looking back it saw the towering woes and looking frontwards saw the next war coming...
I do not know if you have ever had a feeling like this, but Mitsouko makes me yearn of someone I never met... It brings me memories of things I never lived...
I see a woman dressed in a mofuku kimono. Every dawn she walks with light steps to the wooden balcony of her house in Shirahama. There, she stands wreathed in morning dew and gazes the vast ocean...
I see Sergei Diaghilev, founder of the renowned Ballets Russes, to remind the stage workers not to forget to douse the tabs in Mitsouko, for the scent to fill the sybaritic hall of Theatre de Champs Elysees, every time the coryphées enter the stage...
I see the luminous Art Deco main hall of the "Normandie" where the passengers are swirling blithely to the tunes of the orchestra, while the magnificent ship floats her way on the frigid Atlantic...
I see Charlie Chaplin sitting ostracized and brooding in the lounge of Manoir de Ban, over Lake Geneva, staring without seeing at the bleak sky. Ostracized from a country which, a few years ago, worshipped him. And brooding... He who made everyone laugh... Everything around him reeks with Mitsouko, his favourite scent...
I see the audience in a live club located in Aix en Provence in the late 80's, pulsing with the sounds of a strange mixture of punk, rock, synth pop and jazz which the band on stage hands out generously. The name of the band is Les Rita Mitsouko...
And finally, I see a penniless painter in a musty attic in Paris during the Années Folles. He stands mesmerized by the window, trying to descry in the crowd his model who has just left. The lingering scent of Mitsouko caresses fondly the unfinished painting. The very same painting to which he confesses his love every night. The love he feels for her but never dared to speak out loud. Mitsouko solaces him and promises that it shall be with him as a reminder of her, untill the next time they meet...
I humbly apologize and ask for your understanding if this review is way too lengthy and borderline "delirium" but how many words are enough to describe a mythos?...
Genre: Chypre

How, in the course of reviewing close to 800 fragrances, have I managed not to write about  Mitsouko? To answer with a question, what more could I say about it that hasn’t been said already? Nobody needs to read more analysis of its structure, more rapturous praise, more speculation on gender-appropriateness, or more nit-picking over the various concentrations (I like the parfum) and reformulations (the latest is brighter, thinner, and more obviously fruity, but still recognizable). Mitsouko is a monument in the history of perfumery. You may or may not like it, but if you care about fragrance you should wear it at leas once.

I was a fun, no it is not correct: I was in love with Heritage, de Gueralin, amd indeed the parfum version was my signature. Nowdays, it seems that the eau de toilette has been reformulated, loosing its body, while eau de parfum, is missing.
Since I am in love with Guerlain house, for imstamce eau du coq, eau de guerlain, etc. I come to test Mitsouko.
Here you go: I am a man, amd now Mitsouko, the eau de parfum, is my new signature.
A fantistc chypree, light but present, as intermal flame that show you the way.
I do not care of marketing, to me fragrances are comimg without sex.
This is a masterpice of perfumery.
The utilization of peach in combination with mossy undertones is simply genial!
Mitsouko is by far the most fascinating, and at times frustrating, perfume in my collection. I have a complicated relationship with her. How I feel about Mitsouko depends very much on what she decides to show of herself to me on any given day. Some days, she is cold and reserved, and whatever glimpse of peaches I get is more like a pan of hard, unripe fruit being simmered in formaldehyde in a far off room than the ripe, juicy fruit of which others speak. Oh but when she decides to relent! There is nothing better than Mitsouko when she is in a good mood. Slowly, she will drop her standoffish reserve and part her musty curtains to reveal a bed of spiced peaches on a dark, mossy bed – this Mitsouko is playful and mysterious.

I am working on a theory that you can break Mitsouko a little, or at least try to bend her to your will by placing her in situations where she is forced to come out of her shell. I discovered this when I spritzed it on one day in Spring this year before going for a long, six hour walk through the city with my husband, young son, baby daughter and my mum. By the end of the day, Mitsouko had taken on this salty, outdoorsy, herbal aspect that merged with the faint sweat on my skin. It was if both Mitsouko and I had finally learned to stop pacing edgily around each other and just chill out a bit.

Part of my frustration is her unpredictability. I can never know which one of her Janus faces she will show me on any given day. I own Mitsouko in many different concentrations and vintages: the 2013 EDP, a 1970’s EDT, a 1960’s EDT (onion bottle), the modern pure perfume, and lastly, a 1970’s spray deodorant. Each one of them smells, and behaves, slightly different on my skin, and none of them are consistent in what they reveal to me of their character. For example, today, to write this , I sprayed the 1970’s EDT – a version with real oakmoss listed on the back of the bottle – on the back of one arm. It is usually the friendliest version of them all, for me. But today, its opening was rather severe and unforgiving.

Two hours in, however, and I get a surprise! For the first time in my relationship with Mitsouko, she is giving me a glimpse of her spiced floral mid-section, the rose, ylang, and jasmine that when combined with the peach and moss, manage to smell like freshly proved bread dough. It’s delicious. I am not sure how long this little détente will last, so I am holding my breath, hoping not to alert her to my presence. If it is not clear by now, then I will say it openly: Mitsouko is not a perfume you own. She owns you. As for me, she’s grabbed me by the short and curlies, if not my heart strings, and doesn’t seem like she’s letting go anytime soon.
Queen of Chypres

There isn't much more to add to what has been said. We know it's significance. It has it's place in history of perfume, it's been called the best of all time etc...

It's Oakmoss and Peach and rose and many other things, it's like a secluded garden in a forest full of flowers, with the smell of rain still in the air. Jacques Guerlain wanted to evoke with this "the smell of a woman's skin". I understand what he was trying to do.

I also don't see how anyone would not like this. It's floral, fruity, but so deep and earthly and rich and very hard to describe. I find it very unique. A wonderful mossy, beautiful fragrance, and a wonderful experience to smell. I really think everyone should try this. I don't think "old lady" or other labels. It really doesn't smell like much else and it was the inspiration (like Jicky and Shalimar), for not just many other classics, but also much of what we have today in the world of perfume.

I think this should be preserved forever as something really special. It has no gender, time or place. It should stand as something for all and everyone, and for all time. Real art in a bottle. Wonderful stuff!
Splendid, invigorating, evocative, balsamic, flower, baroque.. a celestial symphony. One of the best fragrances ever made – easily in the top three at least. And speaking as a man, one of the fragrances I enjoy wearing the most. As far as I know, it's also one of the few scents that have not been "mutilated" with bad reformulations... the EDP is still pretty good.

10/10 
I purchased Mitsouko EDP recently, and have tried wearing it just twice.  Although I do not dislike this fragrance I could not understand the raves I've read about it.  It is a little too sweet for me. 

Today I tried a sample of vintage Mitsouko pure parfum.  What a difference.  I love it.  It is so much smoother it's like drinking a great champagne vs. a cheap one.  I know that's not a great analogy, but is the best I can do right now.  I only wish this could be made by the vintage formula, of course I've wished that for Joy also ( and a few others, LOL).
before i tried vintage PDT i could not appreciate this scent enough,

for me this is beautiful galbanum note, spicy, strong , vibrant....an amazing experience yes ,i love how Bal a Versailes put it. Oak moss is not that green here, but gives feel of something aromatic and natural behind, that takes breath away!

when i smell it from the distance i get old lady vibe , when i put my nose closer to the skin its soo gorgeous, one has to get used to it, becasue modern perfumes just lost it, from that old lady vibe i think there must be some animalic notes too

EDT version is much sharper, in a masculin kind of way, the differenc is huge to my nose, its more mossy, less spicy, and less beauty for me


The most beautiful smell in the world. I know they  say do not mix your fragrances but I wear this with vintage rochas femme, the two together smell sublime, try it you wont be disappointed.
The beauty of this fragrance is obvious in many parts: after the bright and fruity citrus-neroli opening arises the balanced flowery jasmine and rose, counterbalanced by the bergamot, and all enveloped in a creamy of lilac, jasmine and ylang-ylang note that bears the hallmark of a classic.  The clove is providing a slightly spicy counterbalance and is accompanied by a gently powdery element. 

The base contributes a cluster of cistus, touches of ambergris, lots of benzoin and some musky aroma in the background.  

A soft and gentle patchouli is given added with by a restrained oakmoss with hints of black peppers.   Herbal-wooodsy vibes appear towards the end, with myrrh and some sandalwood standing out here.  

Recalling an older formulation, however, a lot of the richness and luxuriant intensity has gone; it has become leaner, more "modern" and a bit duller. Whilst the Louis Vuitton version veers towards the neutral overall, the total score over the years remains a thumbs-up for this classic. Projection is average, but even the new version lasts five hours on me.  Great for spring evenings.  3.5/5. 

this is only for the  sexy and kinky type of guys, you wanna be dusky and sexy? this is for you obscure lovers out therer!
MItsouko is not a fragrance but an experience. This is mine. Take an eight week old baby from it's crib at 4 pm. It's bathtime. Droplets of breast milk have run down into the creases of his neck where they smell interesting but not offensive. The soft scent of cotton wafts up from baby's skin and there is just the faintest trace of fudgy excrement on his bottom, mixed with the protective barrier cream, Amolin, I think, slightly almond. the kernel of the peach.  His wispy hair smells divine and he burps a tiny hiccup of gripe water and you recognise the dill and fennel. In spite of the active biology of his skin you desperately love and desire what is so unique and you know that in minutes he will smell of sudsy baby soap and talcum powder. 
Mitsouko in repose, after the initial burst has gone, smells of love, breath, breast, sleep, innocence and desire, milk, cotton, fennel, almond and urea. 
This review is for the modern extrait;

The opening is very retro in feel, with an underlying creaminess that quickly becomes more prominent, & sweeter, almost cloying. After an hour though, it is softer & mossier. And although l don't really get the peach note, l do get the "fuzzy peach skin" vibe others have mentioned. Three hours in, l get salty oakmoss along with an ambery sweetness, & the whole thing is still traceable after seven hours on my skin.
l didn't expect to love Mitsouko, although of course l respect her classic pedigree. l can imagine growing to like her a lot after a few more wearings though, especially having read that she tends to show different facets of her character at different times. She isn't bitter & green on my skin as l have found other chypres to be, but l think it's the addition of galbanum that usually causes this. Mitsouko is prettier & much less "dark & mysterious" than l expected, in fact she is surprisingly easy to wear, & makes me feel very put-together, grown-up & in control.
My favorite of all time, owning 3 bottles.

A must try for every Perfumista.

This is simply became an Icon in the perfumes world.

This is probably the only bergamot scent i encountered which

in the opening you are not hit with bergamot ( contrary to aqua di parma)

which surprised me, in other words, perfectly blended
I still have a lot to learn about chypres, so it made perfect sense to try one of the world's most famous chypres, Mitsouko.

'Perfumes: The Guide' uses Mitsouko as their chypre reference, hailing it as one of Guerlain's best masterpieces. I'm young, not really a big fan of chypres, however I do agree wholeheartedly on that definition.

Mitsouko is warm, slighty spicy, mossy, citrusy and dry. This fragrance tends to be so complex that it is difficult to pinpoint any particular note at any given time.

While this fragrance may be classic and extremely well-known, there is a sense of timelessness in this fragrance. It doesn't age as it makes an easy transition into a new century.

The classic Guerlain's continue to amaze me. Mitsouko is just as worthy of praise as those very distinguished Shalimar and L'Heure Bleue bottles. It is a pity that Guerlain now produces fragrances that don't live up to its renowned name.

While mostly green, crisp and earthy to my nose, (a scent that I'd also recommend to men), I feel a sense of velvety softness, something that settles on my skin like a harmony of silky florals and creamy goodness. This contradictory experience both confuses me and allures me at the same time.

Perhaps the reason why this fragrance is such a masterpiece is because it can evoke so many different feelings and opinions. Mitsouko is not something I can imagine myself wearing, however it is something that I could have the desire to smell every few seconds if I had the opportunity.
Mitsouko’s most charming quality is that it suggests an aging face.  Remember back in the day when people aged visibly?  Qualities like patience, endurance, maybe even wisdom suggested that there was a reward to having come out on the other side of youth and middle-age.  Of having gained something.  There is something deserving, and in the best cases, generous to be found in an old face.  Something implicitly handsome and attractive.  

Perhaps for worse, but, with hope, for the better, I’m aging.  Mitsouko suits me more as time passes.  I imagine there’s the lucky young person who can wear Mitsouko with aplomb, but I like to hope that wearing Mitsouko with that powerful grace of age is one of the better things in life that awaits me.

from scenthurdle.com
My favourite Guerlain scent. Reading these reviews reminds me I should replenish my wardrobe and buy more
The first time I smelt Mitsouko I was so excited.  I'd read Luca Turin going on about it and was expecting some sort of divine revelation.

I went into a department store and smelt some on a smelling strip.  My first reaction was - Wax Crayons?

However, I'd been told that you needed to try this on your skin and keep going back to it (I've also learnt that the first time I smell something complex my brain defaults to a smell it already knows).

So I kept on trying but it still wasn't opening up for me.  Then on the seventh(!) try, I'd sprayed it on and had gone into another shop (I still remember it vividly).  Suddenly it opened up around me.  It felt like I was at the centre of a 3D scent mandala whose constituents were constantly shifting and revolving around me.  I was totally lost in the enchantment of it.

Ah Mitsouko, what are you?  Hyper-synthetic peach layered with  rich florals, or bright citrus with deep dank moss?   Sometimes you feel like a misty morning, others like a bright clean summer's day,  or musty dark green undergrowth in the rain, or a candy violet treat, or.........    Whatever you are smelling like though you really hit the sweet spot in my brain and smell just darn GOOD!

Mitsouko's genius, I believe, lies (like the language of Shakespeare) in indeterminacy.  By remaining complex and open, generations of people are able to project their own interpretations into its structure.  True Art.

It wasn't quite divine but I definitely got my revelation! 
  I've actually changed my mind about this fragrance. The first time I wore it I thought I didn't like it, probably because it comes on very strong when I first apply it. However, I gave it another chance today and I actually like it a lot more! I think how I feel about a fragrance can vary a lot depending on my mood. Also, Mitsouko is very different from most modern fragrances so I think I just wasn't prepared for the way it smells. Today, I've been wearing it for a few hours and I find I really enjoy the way Mitsouko smells when it dries down. When I first apply it I mostly smell the dry woody and green notes a lot, but dried down it smells like exotic spices on me and I find that I want to keep smelling it! I don't think it's a fragrance I could wear every day but it's definitely a really nice sexy evening scent! I actually do recommend this one to everyone who likes chypre and spicy exotic fragrances. 

What to say about Mitsouko? Her reputation proceeds her. Even the name is mysterious. I blind bought this after reading many many intriguing reviews and anecdotes...I knew my collection wouldn't be complete without it. But, I was relieved and surprised to find that I also am able to wear Mitsouko. The overall feeling is classic, if old-fashioned, and well rounded , with a spicy cinnamon note in the base, middle notes including a familair jasmine/rose accord, as well as that well-blended peach note. I can't help but continue to to analyze this fragrance when I wear it. I love this fragrance for taking me on a trip back from 1919 up until today. If you have any interest in chypres, you must sample this one. But forewarned is forearmed, this bears little resemblance to most modern fragrances so if you get freaked out by the idea of "an old lady scent" do not blind-buy. Sample and enjoy!
Mitsouko has become my perfume in a way that no other perfume has before.   I adore it.   This is the one which fetches the most compliments too.   It works as an everyday perfume for me in the climate of The Netherlands.

I use the EDP.  Mitsouko is the only perfume in my collection that I desire to have in the perfume formulation and I can hardly wait to find a bottle.

I can only imagine what a masterpiece the original formulation must have been.   


Ah, Mitsouko, nothing really compares with it.  My mother was a Guerlain devotee.  Her favorite scents were Vol de Nuit and L'Heure Bleue.  I love them too.  But these were my mother's perfumes. I wanted my own signature scent.  When I took my first sniff of Mitsouko, it was true love.  Yes, it may be a tad old fashioned compared to more modern fresh and transparent scents - but that is probably one of my favorite things about Mitsouko.  It has a depth that feels mysterious( and actually "mitsouko" means mystery in japanese). Mitsouko is a truly beautiful classic fragrance and if you haven't tried it please do. It's a must for every perfumista!
Vintage Eau de Cologne

Mitsouko opens with a blast of peach, bergamot, rose, and spices with a weird lettuce-esque smell underneath it all.  Once it settles down after a few seconds, a fuzzy peach, some peppery spicy notes, and a faint hint of indolic jasmine over a woody oakmoss base are what I smell.  After about half an hour, the peach fades away gradually and the spices, woods, indolic notes, and oakmoss remain, slowly but surely.  It has a very full, "plush" feel to it.  This stage lasts for hours, a surprise for an Eau de Cologne.  It is also at this point that I am somewhat reminded of Patou Pour Homme (also in the opening with the peppery notes), but quite faintly.

Mitsouko is a fragrant masterpiece, and now in my top 5.  It truly is beyond gender, and just smells freakin' delish.  It's not the kind of fragrance you would have to adapt to - it will adapt to you, and you can make it YOUR fragrance.  Beyond gender, beyond season, beyond age, beyond time, and beyond great.
The first time I tried this, I didn't like it, thought it too old smelling and quite harsh on the nose. I tried it again a few weeks ago and have completely changed my mind. In a time when little girly pink bottles and scents seem to dominate, this is refreshingly enduring and not nauseatingly pink and flowery. I wore it to a cousin's wedding last weekend and was impressed at it's ability to take a subltle backstage to my outfit while remaining original and totally in a league of its own with regard to its almost mystical scent. Mitsouko to me smells timeless, speaks of seductive nights in a time and city long ago with strangers, of black lace, darkly painted fingernails and illicit liasons. Haunting and enduring, mmm...
(Review Edp 2010)


I was prepared to smell something unique, or feel something that I've never felt before, because everybody talks about Mitsouko and It's Magic.

When I first opened the bottle and took a sniff, I had a rare experience when this reminds me in a big way of Rochas 'Femme'. I know Mitsouko and Femme are in the same group of Chipre Fruity Fragrance, but i feel a little disappointed, because I didn't expect both scents were so closely related.

But there's a difference, because Femme smell more like Woody and leathery, and Mitsouko is much less aggressive, and there is certainly a strong presence of jazmin and Rose notes, accompanied by spices. So I feel Mitsouko is more easy to wear than Femme.

When this fragrance slowly start to fade (after 8 hours), i smelt another surprise, my nose Began to detect some similarities between Mitsouko and Miss Dior (vintage)(another Chypre Legend). So I came to the conclusion that Mitsouko should be considered as one of the most imitated perfume of its generation.


Anyway this fragrance is Still the Best Chypre in the world. It has great sillage, strength, and longevity
Mitsouko is one of those rare icons of fragrance that has stood the test of time and represents the art of fragrance at its best. I have never been as moved by a fragrance as by Mitsouko, which is, and ever shall be my signature fragrance. Equally wearable by men and women, it was the favorite fragrance of Ingrid Bergman and Charlie Chaplin as well as many others. I leave the description of the fragrance notes to those who done such a fine job here on Basenotes and highly recommend that you experience this marvelous fragrance. Two thumbs up for one of the greatest fragrances ever conceived by man. 
Some perfumes make me smile, but I happily move on to something else the next day on my quest for another masterpiece. Then there are those that become an important part of my life. I have a lasting relationship with Mitsouko, still I'm not really sure what it smells like. Sometimes it's a delicate veil of almond and pepper, sometimes it's a dark wood of a mysterious temple, and sometimes it's what I think molten gold should smell like. 

For me Mitsouko has so many faces, and I know I haven't discovered all of them yet. As soon as I think I have it pinned down, something catches me off guard and I discover a new perfume. Mitsouko got me interested in women's perfumery. One day while absentmindedly browsing a Guerlain counter I happened to pick up a bottle, and the exquisitely delicate balance of contrasting notes did something to me. I've been hunting for another Misouko ever since, and while I have since found quite a few perfumes that I couldn't live without, Mitsouko has a unique place in the perfume firmament.

I first became intrigued by this scent while reading The Collector by John Fowles (psychologically fascinating read, by the way). Inspiring more than one real-life psychopath, the book is about a disturbed young man who abducts a beautiful art student and holds her captive in the cellar of his remote estate. The captive-protagonist is vibrant, idealistic, compassionate, philosophical, dignified, and forcefully determined to live. She embodies a thrilling fullness of youth and passion and joie de vivre. She is the perfect foil to her emotionally dead, clinical, and hollow captor who lacks the ability to appreciate any of her remarkable qualities beyond just her physical beauty.  In one pivotal scene, she has steeled herself to seduce her captor, her desperate will to live finally usurping her principles. She is certain she can melt his cold, detached soullessness by giving of herself; by showing him human tenderness and vulnerability she believes might inspire him to show mercy.  Intent on her aim, she emerges resolute from a long, near-ceremonial bath wafting “oceans of Mitsouko.”

I found this scene haunting, weighty, chilling.  From this time I have associated Mitsouko with solemn resolve, beauty with the strength and fragility of spider’s silk, uncertainty as deep and vast as the ocean. A fragrance associated with human spirit that has been pushed beyond its limits and has emerged from the other side stronger, more powerful, and with the realization of possessing a kind of freedom that cannot be taken by another. That simple description “oceans of Mitsouko” has stuck in my mind; I longed to experience it, and yet, for some reason this curiosity was shelved and forgotten. Now many years later I have finally tried Mitsouko for myself and it brings all these impressions and associations flooding back to me upon first sniff. Incredibly, this smells exactly as I would imagine it on the beautiful young captive in her damp, earthen cellar on a dark, isolated night, prepared to take on and defeat the worst of human nature with the best of human nature – compassion and forgiveness.  Lovely, melancholy, beguiling, intoxicating, austere and yet warm, a touch sad, but also wise and knowing. Poignant. I do not think it was happenstance that Fowles chose to incorporate this fragrance as a sensuous detail into his eerie tale.

I have a teeny-tiny decant of vintage extrait; I suspect it has degraded a bit with time because on my skin the top-notes seem nonexistent. It cuts straight to a heart of overripe peach nestled in a mossy heart with just a hint of spice, mainly clove. I find this stays very close to my skin and almost melds seamlessly into my own chemistry. The voluptuous softness of the peach perfectly rounds out the sharper edges of the moss. I find it addictive, achingly beautiful, and unlike anything else I have experienced. Beside Mitsouko, all of my other favorite chypres (especially those by Bernard Chant) seem like they’re . . . missing . . . something. That round, soft sweetness reigning in the deeply hypnotic and expansive mossiness is utterly unique to Mitsouko (as far as I have yet to come across, anyway).  Since sampling this, I simply don’t feel like wearing any of my other fragrances. I’m sure this will change with time, but right now I am under Mitsouko’s spell. I am awaiting a mail-order of the modern EDP and can only hope it will not disappoint me. I am hoarding this small decant of vintage, indescribably saddened by the knowledge that I might not be able to replace it; that eventually, this scent will cease to exist.

I don’t understand the reviewers who claim they don’t “get” Mitsouko. I guess I don’t see what there is to “get” – it is beautiful. End stop. I don’t get bread, dough, pickles, rancid nuts or cooking oil from this. It isn’t a fickle scent on my skin – she has been consistently lovely. Maybe I will understand when I try the newer formulation.  Maybe I just got lucky with my chemistry.  I find it timeless, quite more so even than sister-scent Shalimar. I have a wardrobe of fragrances others might consider “old lady” and though I enjoy them and appreciate them, I can understand where the “old lady” critique might apply. I don’t feel this way about Mitsouko. I am suddenly all but intolerant of the “modern” fragrances in my collection – they don’t speak to me the way Mitsouko does. They never have. I am also a little saddened to think this may be my one and only olfactory experience of this magnitude, no other fragrance has yet passed my radar that has carried with it such anticipation, such expectations, and so much weighty context. I will enjoy the search, however!

An almost putrid jungle note of greenery in the parfum/extrait can be a little overpowering at the open, but this mellows down to a most unusual peach note that goes on for quite long.Woodsy, damp notes prevail in the drydown that serve to unify the wearer (me) and Mitsy in a bond of love.Awesome! And my 2nd favourite scent of 2010.
An epic tale in minimalistic detail with clean sinuous lines reminiscent of Artnouveau made from an Occidental point of view of an Shinto temples of the island of Japan and an austere elegance.the note of Oakmoss predominates much of this scent drying in the sun with a gentil breeze dries to a suble orange note and with sweet peach that is not cloy to your senses. next Delicate white roses blooms in a simplistic Garden pathway where a Geishawith her modest aura plucks an rose andsmells it gentily when the night falls the scent of night jasmine roams the nocturnal sky and the nuances of Gingerspices and cinnamon make this complete.every fragrance tells a story or conjoures feelings or imagesFor me Mitsouko conjoures feeling of wistfulness and melancholia like star-crossed lovers from two different worldsala Sayonara with Marlon Brando a romance between an american air force Major and an Japanese entertainer forbidden by both sides with tragic results Madame Butterfly with an american admiral and his Japanese Paramour or an small shrine silhouettedin the center of an island on the Rising sun dedicated to Amaterasu Goddess of the sun and the smoke of sandalwood incense dances to the heavens.Mitsouko can be spiritual wistful calmsimple distant aristocratic distant andMelancholy.
I actually CAN wear this every day.And my tastes generally go from cheap to VERY cheap.It is indeed symphonicmoodyrefined but not snobbishI will buy the extraitand it is definitely edging out tabuand avon "tomorrow"It doesn't just have the go-to*plushness*of a luxury fragranceshe has a story to tellshe is a woman who canand hasbeen worn by a manand will againnot in the wink winksensemore likesighsighrambledrink ginsighwrite *good* poemsglimmerat whoeveragainthis lady lives to tell
I know what LT meant when he said that by naming Mitsouko as the one he would take with him if he had to flee to Mars for tax reasons he was rrunning the risk of being thought a bit obvious. After all it's so well known as one of the Greats, a classic that is still there in the top 10 ever despite the arrival (and departure) of several thousand perfumes that would have liked to claim its crown. Therefore when anyone like me, who is never going to be described as particularly knowledgeable about scents, says that it is a staple that she could not live without, she runs the immediate risk of being suspected of an inability to think for herself.There's no law that says that the whole world should love a perfume, even if it's regarded by many as a masterpiece but sometimes the majority are right. When this happens you're not necessarily just following the herd OK, maybe some are, but I have been fighting the bewitchment of Mitsouko for years and have had to admit that it's got to me - it is a great fragrance and I love it.
Fantastic. When the purse allows it, this will be my first 'female' fragrance. Also, for me this is a rare scent that pulls off that powdered touch fragrances of the era seem to have in common.
For years, this fragrance was my all-time favorite, and I endlessly compared formulations and concentrations, and fretted about not being able to find vintage stock anymore. And you know? Recently I've found it to be a bit odd, austere, and melancholy, as if I'm smelling a dark undercurrent and some nuances that I couldn't perceive before. Or that didn't bother me before. I'd never question Mitsouko's greatness and singular beauty, I only find that I've reached an age where I don't want as much drama and history in my scent. When I was young, all I wanted was drama and history, yet life has offered me enough of all that on its own now, and I find that I'm drawn to the more straightforward, joyful sweetness of L'Instant! Call it a de-evolution, and a travesty to prefer a newer Guerlain, yet there it is - I choose sweetness and light.
When I first tried this, in EDT from a smelling strip, I was intrigued in part and disappointed in part; I wanted to like it but like gin at five (only the smell!) and Guinness at twenty one it was a struggle...And then something clicked as it much earlier did with gin and then Guinness.And when I smell it now, in EDP, I am every time astonished by its remarkable radiance; it shares a certain undefinable lustrous glow with high carat gold that is truly beautiful and truly irresistable.Putting a man on the moon? Pah! Gold, Guinness, gin and Mitsouko are the truly great human achievements.
It has all been said before (talking about the original version), one of the greatest fragrances ever made.   Shalimar, L'Heure Bleu and Mitsouko are, in my opinion, the three greatest fragrances ever made ( again, not what is being sold at the moment) .   Mitsouko, is subtle and divine; a perfectly blended Chypre 
Millions of peaches, peaches for me...I'm normally not fond of peach but I want to eat this fragrance. Mitsouko is ripe, sliced peaches atop a plate of lush, dank greenery. This might be the current, dictionary-picture definition of 'chypre.' Gender be damned, this smells good on me!
Luca and Tania I now know what you mean!  Mitsouko definitely smells so divine!  If Hermes could market their Un Jardin collections as Unisex, this one could easily pass for both sexes.  You will definitely enjoy every note (top, heart, base) of this elegance in a bottle.  I bought this one without testing it, only from the great testaments that I have read.  Needless to explain why this perfume still exist up to now after almost a century from its creation, you have to try for yourseld and you will know why.  Forget about the "old lady" feeling of this creation.  People who say this are those who only know the "common" perfumes marketed for the masses.   If it smells good on you, wear it!  If people don't like it and you like it, wear it!  It's about time to teach new generation the real art of perfumery.  
How does one possibly review what is clearly among the greatest works of perfumery every created?  You don't.  I need not heap praise on the chypre that defined the genre more then Chypre de Coty ever did.Instead, let me briefly plug the vintage Eau de Cologne formula of Mitsouko.  These EdCs are often overlooked.  Instead of just being watered down versions of the EdT, these EdC formulas are unique compositions.  The compositions themselves are lighter and less dense, but that doesn't mean the sillage and longevity are any lighter or reduced.  I recently acquired Mitsy in EdC and it may be my favorite formula.  Unlike other formulas the bergamot component of the chypre formula is very distinct and mixed well with the peachy top/mid notes, making a bright and sunny citrus/fruity opening.  The bright citrus/fruit opening moves over the next half hour to the classic mossy/woody base.  As it moves to the base quickly, one can experience the 'chypre base' for a long time, a real treat for us chypre fans who are used to just getting a hint of oakmoss as our perfumes fade off the skin.I would never tell anyone to turn down a bottle of vintage Mitsy parfum - never.  But if you get a chance to pick up a Mitsy in EdC, definitely treat yourself.Thumbs UP.
This is the most beautiful of all of the Guerlain scents for women.  Exquisite!  Whenever my wife wears this (usually for special occasions) I am actually intoxicated from it.  To me it is a real turn on but the wearer needs to be a very sophisticated, fashionable, and classy woman in order to wear Mitsouko correctly and get the full benefits of this timeless fragrance. 
More and more I appreciate the perfume house of Guerlain… after its Vetiver I started to experiment with Mitsouko. What’s there to experiment you will ask me! Well as written above, it is not an easy one to pull off. This is a powerhouse of a fragrance that lingers and lingers for hours… to the point that you can’t, simply can’t, forget you have it on! It is strong and all the other wonderful things written about it by other basenoters, but still this is quite remarkable of a fragrance to wear nowadays. I feel strange to wear it. I am almost always conscious how others may or may not perceive it on me. I am not the kind of person who cares too much of what others think of me (although we certainly don’t live in a vacuum); however, Mitsouko makes me so much aware of its presence around me that I keep on wondering what would I think of someone smelling like this! And it is me who I try to figure out! I am sorry if I sound too psychoanalytic but I put on Mitsouko this afternoon at 12.30 and at 20:00 I can still feel it quite clearly. Yes this is a historic fragrance, yes it smells olfactory to say the least, yes it is remarkable in its silage … but yes it needs maybe an updated version to be a bit more wearable in daytime at least, in our day and age. And for perfume’s sake keep the original going, but give us also a subtler version.  I haven’t tried the Lotus version and I am really curious about it. Maybe it is the answer. Indeed Mitsouko is extraordinary, powdery and warm; however, on my skin and for my taste it is too sweet.
MITSOUKO is an enigma to me. Though it smells green and mossy for the most part, I can't deny the existence of sweetness and spice, with a depth and complexity that are beyond compare. I believe it is this inherent maze of subtleties that bestows Mitsouko with a mythical chameleon-like ability to transform its character and compliment any skin partner. On a man, Mitsouko smells confidently masculine and cerebral; on a woman, it weaves a little web of intrigue, portraying itself as a mysterious, seductive beauty. Few are immune to its legendary charms.The EDT version I have dates from 1973 so I doubt if it's a reformulation, yet it feels light and translucent for a chypre. But when you consider Mitsouko began life as an extrait, you'd be a little more forgiving. On a more positive note, I find this translucence allows for greater variation in wearing styles with a more liberal application bringing Mitsouko's enchantment to its magical best.  *** This review is of the EDT ***   
My first reaction to Mitsouko was "weird", but definitely a GOOD weird. I wanted to get to know it better and bought a bottle of the edt. If you like resinous, chypre scents (or even if you don't) you have to give this one a try at least a couple of times. I was worried that it would be too spicy but luckily I can detect just a little in the background mix. Don't expect a modern day fruity peach note though, this is more of a smooth, "fuzzy" peach which sweetens the resins perfectly. I did not find it remotely musty or old lady-ish - thank goodness! - which I got from L'HB. To me it is timeless and quite addictive. Mitsouko edp is currenly my default perfume - the one I turn to when I don't know what to wear - and it never dissappoints. If you find the edp overwhelming but interesting at first sniff, start with the edt and take your time. It will be well worth it. 

Tried sample of Eau de Toilette in small set; nice longevity and hints of wonderful scents and notes that don't QUITE reach fruition.  Definitely going to try as EDP.
Until today I have never owned Shalimar, the pillar perfume. I've tried it, hundreds of times, always the EDP and decided it wasn't for me. I own Parfum Initial, L'Eau, Eau de Shalimar, Batwing Shalimar Cologne and the 2015 version Cologne. My favourite is Cologne 2015 and I ordered what I thought might be a replacement bottle that was headed EDT/Cologne. Yes, I thought, that's it, Shalimar Cologne 2015 at EDT strength. It was the EDT that arrived. I had factored that in as an eventuality and I sprayed it on, layered with a bit of the Batwing bottle Eau de Cologne (made for the U.S. market in the U.S.A) and it's very nice, I will use it, but I love the Cologne 2015 as it is closest to Shalimar Eau Legere (DISC) Are we all sufficiently confused now? I haven't even mentioned the Madagascar or the Mexique. There is no escape from Shalimar.
Shalimar is the crown jewel in the Guerlain catalog, the scent that came to define the house and it's use of the "Guerlinade" compound note which found its way into almost all of perfumer Jacques Guerlain's compositions, plus a great many of Jean-Paul Guerlain's as well. Shalimar was named after a garden in Lahore made for Mumtaz Mahal, the same woman for whom the Taj Mahal was also built. The creation of Shalimar was near-accidental too, as perfumer Jacques Guerlain discovered its primary accord by pouring a bottle of ethylvanillin into a bottle of Jicky (1889), the seminal fougère that was originally composed by his uncle Aimé Guerlain, building a fragrance upon another fragrance as Jacques Guerlain was known to do. Therefore like Jicky, Shalimar is technically a fougère as well, since it is built up from that fragrance's structure, but it contains a great many more oriental elements to it, and is thus often associated with the oriental category. If Jicky was the unintentional gender bender progenitor that was loved by a great many men alongside women, and Mouchoir de Monsieur (1904) the masculine-targeted shade thereof, then Shalimar is the rounder and more-luxurious advancement of that primary accord pitched to women during the roaring 20's. The scent was originally released in 1921 alongside Chanel No. 5 (1921), and proved to be the strongest competition that iconic perfume had, but went under a numerical designation just as the Chanel did until 1925, because the name "Shalimar" was being contested by another perfumer who claimed to have already used it. When known as "No. 90", the perfume made waves, but it wasn't until it's widespread 1925 release as Shalimar that the legend was born. The overall smell of Shalimar isn't much removed from Jicky, and indeed many of the great oriental and fougère-like compositions made under the hands of Jacques Guerlain share similar traits, not only because of his "fragrance upon another fragrance" crafting or the "Guerlinade" house accord he perfected, but also because it's the style he seemingly preferred. L'Heure Blue (1912), Mitsouko (1919), and Shalimar all have multiple levels of this intertextuality with each other and previous Guerlain efforts from which Jacques drew his inspiration; that was just part of of his unique creative process.

What makes Shalimar stand out from all it's siblings is its plushness, its fullness, the radiance of its notes, which can be a bit much to take for some people. The scent opens with lavender, bergamot, and mandarin, but switches out Jicky's rosewood for aldehydes and herbal rosemary, which makes for the resplendence of Shalimar's opening. This change doesn't make as much difference to the overall character of the perfume as the addition of an actual heart structure to Shalimar, which Jicky sorely lacked. That scent moves from its barbershop opening into a hellish moat of animalic and heady base notes, with only a floral heart inferred by the flip-flop transition between top to bottom. Jacques Guerlain likely wasn't happy with the "presto-chango" suddenness of uncle Aimé's composition, because instead, we go down to the base notes in stages with Shalimar, more like a traditional perfume. Jasmine, rose, patchouli, and vetiver stand vividly in the heart of Shalimar more than they did in the trap door dry down of Jicky, and are joined by a poofy iris note which also replaces the orris of Jicky and helps Shalimar feel a bit more feminine, which was the aim anyway. The tell-tale vanilla note anchoring the accidental discovery that is this perfume's primary accord shows up halfway, bringing in the rest of the Jicky base with new additions of opoponax and peru basalm. Shalimar tries to be a little more polite with its use of animalics, taking musk in place of styrax, and toning down the civet and ambergris just a touch so the other heart notes of tonka, leather, sandalwood, and oakmoss can be felt. I don't get the cinnamon spice or incense notes of Jicky in Shalimar either, and the blending is much smoother, making any note separation a real reach (translation, lots of sniffing to find), which is another master stroke of Jacques himself. Taken on its own merit without comparing it to compositions with which it shares most of its notes, Shalimar is an unusual vanillic oriental fougère-like fragrance that sat right with women in the early 20th century, particularly flappers that liked it's dynamism made possible by rich semi-indolic underpinnings, lady-like aldehydic florals, and oriental smoothness. Wear time varies greatly on concentration, as Shalimar was made in many forms, but a median figure across all iterations is a solid 8 hours of moderate sillage. Something this illustrious isn't a casual wear, regardless of context, so make sure you don't glow like a diesel hot plug by your choice of Shalimar on a casual game night. 

All told, Shalimar is still mostly retained by women as the matriarch of grand perfumes, with only the aforementioned Chanel No. 5 to really contest this claim, but guys can totally wear Shalimar too, as the primary accord is rather unisex, but with a slightly heavier dose of "Guerlinade" than usual pushing the smell to be uncomfortably makeup-like if you're a jock type. Still, dandies in France famously have worn Shalimar for years, and if Jicky didn't scare you, I doubt this will either. The reason for the stigma against men wearing Shalimar, like most things in the fragrance world, comes down to marketing. Guerlain had mostly given up on pitching Jicky to women even after making Mouchoir de Monsieur as a manlier substitute, but they stuck to their guns with Shalimar, keeping it in the company of Mitsouko and L'Heure Bleu as sort of the "big 3" feminines from the house, creating something of a marketing barrier. Then Jean-Paul Guerlain went off and made the chypre Habit Rouge (1965) with grandfather Jacques' "Guerlinade" in the mix, perhaps moving male interest further away from Shalimar in the process, but that hasn't stopped perfume hobbyists or open-minded guys with a bit of gender fluidity from enjoying it. Bottom line here is if you like old floral barbershop smells, vanillic orientals, and anything with a clean, plush, soapy smell up top, but a substantially musky animalic backbone, you'd enjoy Shalimar regardless of what is between your legs. Since this perfume has inspired so many others high and low, you've likely already bought something descended from it anyway and didn't know. Parfum extrait and eau de parfum are going to be the heaviest take with the most complex dry downs. More vanilla, oakmoss, sandalwood, and musk is present to my nose in the extrait, and the top fades fastest. I find folks enjoying the animalic qualities of Shalimar best suited to the eau de toilette, which seems to let the floral heart and civet in the base breath more freely, at the cost of some development. The folks who want the fougère elements to ring truest are better off with the eau de cologne, since it showcases the lavender and bergamot strongest, then crisply segues through the floral heart and lays upon a drier version of the base that sees the vanilla, civet, and leather turned down in favor of the tonka, oakmoss, and ambergris. Regardless of which version you get, they're all thumbs up from me. Shalimar is a pièce de résistance solidifying Guerlain as one of the greatest perfume houses of all time, and you know I rarely speak in such lofty terms.
I think of Shalimar as the more elegant and refined version of Jicky.

It is a signature worthy fragrance that can easily be worn by men. Get it while it’s still readily available. 

Only caveat, it takes time to understand and appreciate Shalimar, vintage Shalimar makes this process easier.
Shalimar is one of the most famous perfumes of French house Guerlain and one of my all time favorites. If you want to be clinical about it, the perfume was created in 1925 by Jacques Guerlain, in time when the “scent of Orient” began spreading through Western Europe. It touched everything, from fashion, art, music…to perfumes. Jacques Guerlain was experimenting with a brand new substance, synthetic vanilla (etylvanilin) and mixed it with different perfume basis. He was happy with the results but when he mixed vanilla and Jicky…magic happened. The spirit of Shalimar was freed from the bottle.

Perfume and its name haven’t stopped intriguing our senses and imagination; its effect breaks social taboos. Respectable ladies of the time shouldn’t consummate cigarettes, dance tango… and wear Shalimar. They of course did all that in secrecy. There isn’t a force strong enough to stop the passion and erotic yearning for life embodied in Shalimar, whose name in Sanskrit means “temple of love.” Legendary garden where Emperor Shah Jahan and Mumtaz Mahal celebrated their love. After Mumtaz’s death, inconsolable emperor built Taj Mahal in honor of his favorite wife. Like Taj Mahal, Shalimar is a monument and part of perfume history. It is the first oriental perfume history knows. But that is not the most important thing…because the story of Shalimar has no beginning or end. It is a story of the essence of human desire, the sweet moments of bliss unknown to history but older than time.

It could have been created in ancient Egypt where its lush, intoxicating nature would spark forbidden love between Cleopatra and Marc Antony. Homeland of Shalimar could have been mysterious and magical Arabia because it told more than 1001 tales. I can easily imagine Madame Pompadour wearing it and knocking the entire Louis XV’s court of their feet with her beauty, charm and seductive silage. I can even see, with my inner vision, a beautiful creature inhabiting Earth thousands of years from now, smelling like Shalimar and through synthetic explosion in its highly developed brain soaking freely all the beauty of being on this planet and tasting its sensual fruits skillfully captured in a small bottle of perfume. As poet John Keats said: “A thing of beauty is a joy for ever, Its loveliness increases, it will never pass into nothingness.” If that is the case, isn’t it beautiful?
Think Mae West and Sophia Loren and Rita Hayworth all rolled into one. Pure and utterly rich plushness and rounded, generous bosoms and a warm, talcum-ed girdle. The grande dame of all perfume-land and one of the few scents that I love, but cannot wear. She is truly beautiful and utterly seductive...so much so that I feel as if I am wearing a satin negligee and pink feather boa whenever I put her on. She is more of a woman than I ever could be and almost too hot to handle, so I smell her from a distance and enjoy her all the more that way. 

The scent for which the term va-va-voom was invented.
One of the greatest scents in modern history.  I've always owned this and always shall.  My nose memory cannot tell the difference between vintage and modern.  Nor, does it care.  Not a scent for the timid.  Deep, rich, velvety, and assertive...
I’m so glad I have this beauty in my stable finally!  I’ve flirted with Shalimar for a long time, and really wanted to get it, and then by some major luck I was able to pick up a nice big bottle for an astonishingly good price, so I went for it.  But really, what more can I say about this that hasn’t been said before?  It’s a beautiful scent and I can understand why so many people love it.  The sillage and longevity of this is amazing – I could still smell this after eight hours, and it’s one of those scents that seems to bloom if you get a bit warm.  This is one of the few perfumes I have that has elicited an unprompted “oh, you smell nice!” from my husband.  Normally I have to shove my arm under his nose and ask him to smell it before I’ll get a comment.  Reading through the reviews, I’m amazed at how this perfume reacts with different people – some get leather, some get incense, some get spice, some get lemon.  Each time I wear this, it is different.  The first time I wore it, it was all soft powder with a touch of citrus.  The next time, I got a big burst of citrus at the start, with a hint of leather, before it mellowed into a beautiful, soft, creamy powdery vanilla.  The time after that, it was all powder and cream and vanilla, straight away.  Shalimar smells sexy and very, very classy but at the same time, there is also something very comforting and approachable about it.  It’s like you’re at a fancy party, and you see a stunningly beautiful, beautifully dressed, elegant woman – at first glance, she appears aloof, and you’re not sure if you should approach her.  So you stay away, and instead she approaches you and flings her arms around you and greets you like a long-lost friend, and she’s so warm and friendly and welcoming that you wonder why you stayed away.  I love it.  
Top notes attractive notes with the freshness of the citrus flavor (especially the notes of Bergamot). The colors from the floral notes give the overall scent of perfume a special, full of smooth continuous drainage with the presence of iris, jasmine and roses. Creamy soft vanilla seductive, combined with the scent of iris hard to resist, all around flavor and aroma of a food pharmaceutical warm tonka bean, all blended into a unified whole top from which no language can describe.

Queen of the oriental flavor, fragrance Shalimar is a feminine, attractive and timeless for perfume. Perfume scent sexy and smooth screen with sweet vanilla flavor warm embrace of incense and amber. Elegance and persistence, the seductive appeal of Shalimar contained.

Timeless oriental fragrance full of charm and mystery for the girls. Beautiful bottle design and meaningful. Exotic fluidity is also the strength of fragrance. 
This 1950s Shalimar Eau de Cologne is a nice, sweet vanilla and tonka perfume, stronger than my 1980s Habit Rouge Eau de Cologne, but bearing a strong resemblance.
Sharp bergamot and powder on the opening, a little soapy. Rose and jasmine full in your face, drying beautifully through amber and creamy sandalwood. Tonka, opopanax and leather underneath.
The first 20 minutes are gorgeous - I have my nose to my wrist every 60 seconds so as to not miss a turn in the development.
Although the opopanax powder is quite heady at first - I found it be an acquired taste, actually - it is soon balanced by the incense spice. Later, it settles down into that lovely soft, warm vanilla and tonka base, kept from becoming too sweet by a little leather to dry it.

Definitely a grown-up fragrance with the option of sharing - would love to smell it on a musky male, interesting with a touch deep in a beard, I think.
One of my top 5 favourite feminine fragrances and the first I ever bought blind...
What can I say about Shalimar?  I think it is a milestone of perfumery.  A classic.  I am a Guerlain addict and I love the big 3 (L'Heure Bleue, Mitsouko and Shalimar).  I always have an EDP working of those three.  I love Shalimar but was first not going to wear it because I associated it with both my mother and sister who wore it.  I thought it would be too much for me but it is wonderful.  This dark, sweet and smoky scent is wonderful on me and can definitely be worn by a man.  3 sprays will do it;  one on the chest and one in each crook of the elbow is enough.  Best to apply about an hour before leaving the house as the opening is quite strong and can be alarming with the high dose of bergamot.  
The beauty of Shalimar for me is the development of all the notes that come together in the final drydown.  
I think that the citrus blast of bergamot with a bit of cedar in the opening leads beautifully into the heart of jasmine, iris and a deep rose scent that is unbelievably rich.  The creme brulee vanilla drydown is stunningly displayed on skin for the remainder of the day and I love it at the end of the day when I take my T shirt off and can still smell the Guerlinade and perhaps a bit of civet to make it interesting and personal.  
The use of oppoponax and tonka bean are pure genius and make the base absolutely unforgettable.
Everyone must try this just to sample a bit of the brilliance of Guerlain.
This seems like a refined sweeter version of the civet heavy Jicky which is my number one favorite scent of all time.
A lemony, powder-sugared confection.  That is how the gourmand quality hits me.  Like those little lemon cookies at Easter time covered in powdered sugar.  So yeah, this is very powdery.  My mom always wore the very powdery Chantilly and this is also very powdery in a similar way.  If you associate powdery perfumes with mothers and grandmas, then this will be one of those.  

The dry down is where Shalimar really wins me over.  It settles into a warmer, more vanilla scent (yet still powdery).  I can't get enough of it then. At this point, it doesn't project as much, making it more of a personal indulgence of nostalgia.  Not one you're going to wear out to blast the party and club scene with.
My family is mostly show people and jazz musicians, and when I was little there were often colorful characters hanging around, HOW colorful I didn't find out until later.

One of them was an older English lady named Mae, who had a white poodle. Apparently she was the madam in a high-end brothel. Sometimes we'd go to Mae's apartment, which had the most extraordinary smell of years and years of Shalimar permeating every surface + unwashed dog. That was my first Guerlain experience. (The second was a Pekingese that smelled of Mitsouko. True - not trying to be funny.)

So it took a very long time before I could really consider Shalimar on its own merits, and even then, its skanky facet was off-putting to me, because I kept smelling unwashed dog! In retrospect, Mae's poodle may not have been that dirty, and it might have just been her vintage Shalimar. I really never thought I'd become a Shalimar person, even though I have lots of history with the other vintage Guerlain greats.

The Ode a la Vanille (Mexique) ended up being my gateway drug, because the vanilla in that version is so smoky and dense and wonderful that I could stick with it, and now I've learned to love even the skank of Shalimar proper. 

I do continue to prefer that limited edition, yet I've come to own and love the EDC, as well, because that version also features a very smoky vanilla, and ends up wearing as mostly that. Plus it's often available inexpensively in the drugstore! Coming around to Shalimar has actually had a fantastic effect on my perfume spending habits, for while I  still find new things that I like, when I ask myself, "but would you be likely to NOT wear Shalimar to wear this instead?" it's just a no.


Salutation.

I absolutely love this fragrance and definitely it is in my top 10 of all great fragrances for ladies.It is a classically timeless rich floral fragrance.A sensual and provocative fragrance that oozes femininity. Masterpiece,Seductive,Warm,Magnetic, Artistic,Rich and Feminine

The opening is classic floral with a citrusy note,which harmonizes with the note of Rose,Jasmine and Patchouli.A base of Incense, Vanilla,Sandalwood and Leather brings an air of Sensuality as it is warm and full of depth. The dry down is wonderful.

You wear it when you are going somewhere very SPECIAL and you want to make a Great impression.This fragrance might be best for AUTUMN/WINTER seasons.excellent for perfect lady. Anyway in my mind it is an intoxicating bosom smell,it is just phenomenal and a definite must have.

Sillage?Fantastic. 

Longevity?Great on my skin. 

THANK YOU GUERLAIN 

8.5/10
This is an intriguing opening indeed, a surprisingly dark bergamot with rose and - on my skin - an early opopanax burst - denoting shadowy freshness with incense. The floral drydown with iris, jasmine and a whiff of a gently smoky leather.  
In the second half the very guerlainesque vanilla grown stronger, full but elegant and never overbearing. 

This is fairly unique composition, beautifully balanced, well blended and firmly structured.  Classic, especially older version,whose drydown have a gentle powderiness added and are richer and darker.  Yet the newer versions - they are no full reformulations to me - are less powdery and lighter, but still delightful. 

I get strong sillage, excellent projection and eight hours of longevity. 

A grand classic and well worth it, even the recent versions: 4.25/5.
I quite like this. However if I have to speak my mind free from the pressure of knowing that it is sort of a perfume legend and all, I would rate this as one of the old perfumes. It's nice but could be better, or, it smells somewhat dated to my nose and I wouldn't want to wear this too often. My aunt used to wear this, this alone, -who owned only this.-25 years ago also didn't help me too much shake the perception of Shalima being OLD. 

If I am over 55, I wouldn't want to use it since I am sure this scent will add more age. I think anybody who is still  young can try this one without feeling too self-conscious. She will stand out smelling gorgeous and above all, special. 
It is just my personal opinion, but I believe that scents can make the wearer seem aged/dated since the famous and old perfumes have popular smell of the era which everybody can associate with those period.It seems especially true those era are closely put together. Whenever I smell of Estee Lauder Beautiful, the wearer is almost always over 35. Really powdery one like Chanel No.5 or Soapy one like White linen is frequently worn by 50+ yo ladies. Anybody sticking to wearing Thierry Mugler's Angel can be seen 30+. The more broadly popular the scents were, the worse the effect, I reckon since mass of people recognize them. but, less known scents that were created a century ago, still can smell very fresh due to rarity.
I began wearing Shalimar after spending a lot of time around one of my friends who wore it every day.   I thought she was so feminine and classy, and that's the way it makes me feel.   I believe it is the vanilla and opoponax that got me addicted to it.  I'm so glad that my husband also LOVES this perfume.  To me, it is as classic as Chanel No. 5, which I'm actually not that fond of.  
I'm going to assume the notes on this site are quite incomplete because I don't see anise, black pepper, or cinnamon listed and all three have a presence in this fragrance.  The top is bergamot with pepper and anise, a bit too spicy for my taste but very well-blended leading straight into the heart of it which is slightly flowery, slightly powdery, slightly spicy and slightly creamy.  This middle lasts quite a while and there's a hint of incense, smokiness, and leather throughout but as with any well-blended Guerlain you'll only catch some of these facets some of the time throughout the day.  This is so well-done that I can't get enough of that scent despite the fact that I find it too spicy for me.  The incense gets a bit stronger as the middle drags slowly along but it never really dominates on me.  Coming to the end phase of the fragrance, many hours later, a touch of dryness or leatheriness remains but there's a lot of creaminess and a touch of spiciness acting as dominant notes.  It almost smells like warm milk with a bit of cinnamon and just a touch of vanilla.  I would eat something that smells like this.  The Guerlinade is most certainly there too.  Overall I love the smell of it and though a man could get away with wearing it in extreme moderation I don't think i'll be wearing it often just because of how uncomfortable I am smelling anise or pepper all day.  It's no wonder this great fragrance is a classic of perfumery!
Old formulation: My mother had a sample in the late 80s/early 90s, and I remember loving it, the opulent spicy fragrance which I associated to winter and warm coats.

New formulation: I recently tested it at a department store. It does smell quite differently, still with the same inspiration, but the new version is a worthy fragrance in its own way. If I could, I would own both formulations.

The new formulation started with a combination that reminded me of the older Shalimar, spicy, warm, almost oily (in a good way), only not as round. Maybe a bit more angular and less oily. 

As it dries, it becomes very different from the older one. The woods and sandal came to the front and in my opinion created a sour phase which previously did not exist. I quite appreciate this phase. Then amber and incense too, it becomes a little less sour and rounder, but still quite different from the older Shalimar, woodier, airier and not as oily. After a while the sour disappears and it is woods, amber, incense and a few spices in a rounded, warm, more "behaved" version of the older one.

Still a dense perfume, but different. As I said, I actually like both.
I own the EDC from Walmart.  When i first sprayed it on, i smell a plastic shower curtain smell.  This changed over time to a strong powdery orange creamcicle smell mixed with vanilla and maybe some sweaty keys out of someones sweaty pocket?!  
   Gotta try it again later.

K, tried it again and now.....I really like it...no plastic shower curtain or sweaty pocket scent at all.  Strange how ones nose picks up different things each time.  One thing i did differently this time was shake the bottle a little before applying....don't know if that mattered or not?  This time i pick up more citrusy smells....which i adore by the way, but is that bergamot in the mix making it smell kind of like an orangy lemon?  Oh, and vanilla, which i like, but i really, really would like to be able to pick out the leather note...which right now i am having allot of trouble doing...i would wear something with mainly just that note if i could just smell it.  So far, love it tho...powdery lemony orange vanilla...thats what i pick out. 
Genre: Oriental

I don’t have much to add to the discussion where this classic is concerned. All I care to do is draw attention to the brilliant treatment of opopanax. Much has been said regarding the unique quality of Guerlain’s vanilla, displayed most prominently in Shalimar and Jicky, but for me the enigmatic, spicy-sweet, resinous quality of opopanax is equally responsible for Shalimar’s allure. The interplay of vanilla and opopanax established in Shalimar’s base notes still resonates in compositions as recent as Diptyque’s Eau Lente and Nicolaï’s Maharadjah, but I have yet to experience an interpretation that trumps the original’s exquisite balance. I wonder if it’s even possible to fully comprehend the oriental fragrance genre without becoming familiar with Guerlain’s enduring paragon.


Ah, the ur-Oriental. Sitting down to write a review of Shalimar kind of feels like looking up at the top of Mount Everest and wondering how the hell even to begin the ascent. It seems to cover (in one single bottle) a lot of the themes and notes people go looking for in separate perfumes - you want vanilla, it's the textbook example, you want smoke and incense, well you got that too, you want amber, it is the mother of all modern ambers, you want animalics and leather, ditto. If you also happen to be the type of person who is interested in freaky notes, like baby diaper, burning tires, tar, and slightly rancid butter, then, why yes, Shalimar also has you covered.

It's not an easy perfume to love right off the bat. Don't get me wrong, Shalimar is easy to love, but the actual falling in love bit is not immediate. It took me ten days of wearing it before I could even tolerate it, let alone love it, but I got there and in end, it clicked for me, and that was it. Pure love. The everlasting kind. Whenever I see someone saying, oh I just don't get Shalimar, or oh Shalimar hates my skin, you know what I am thinking? You're just not trying hard enough. Put your back into it. If you can't commit a week or ten days out of your life to understanding Shalimar, then not only are you cheating yourself out of experiencing one of the best perfumes ever made, you are also missing the opportunity to "get" most orientals that came after Shalimar. 

For, once you unlock Shalimar, you start to see that Serge Lutens' Ambre Sultan is just a snapshot of a portion of Shalimar (principally the amber and herbes de provence) blown up 150% and turned sideways. Etro's Shaal Nur is an abbreviated essay on the incense and opoponax in Shalimar. Mono di Orio's excellent Vanille is a modern take on the woodsy vanilla of Shalimar. You can spot echoes of Shalimar in Chypre Palatin (vanilla and animalics), Fate Woman (bergamot and powder) and Bulgari Black (vanilla, rubber, smoke). Whether perfumers are aware of it or not, most of today's grand orientals refer at least in part back to the ur-Mother Oriental herself.

Forgive my wittering on. For all of that, Shalimar smells absolutely wonderful, grand, lush, smoky, sexy, comforting, and warm. The opening, as I've mentioned, is jarring to the nth degree, especially if you're not used to it. I don't know whether it's the particularly stinky grade of Bergamot that Guerlain use, or the way it clashes with the vanilla, but the top notes smell curdled and rancid, like when you pour lemonade into cream. The vanilla itself smells tarry and burned, like rubber tires piled high and set on fire. Somehow, somewhere underneath all of that, there appears a slightly horrifying note of soiled diapers, or at least baby powder that has been caked into the creases of a baby's bottom. It smells sort of unclean, and is pungent enough to singe your nose hairs off. 

Here's the odd thing - after you get used to Shalimar, you start to actively crave the weird opening. When you begin to go "Mmmmmmm" rather than holding your breath, this is a sign that you've crossed the line. Welcome! It's like a Shibboleth for hard-core fans of Shalimar -  we're all over here at the other side of the line, and everyone else is pressing their noses to the glass, shaking their heads and saying, "I think you have Stockholm Syndrome" 

After the "horrific" first half hour (for which you may want to refrain from sniffing your wrists if you are smelling it for the first time), it is an easy ride from there on in. Sweet, smoky vanilla poured on top of a long, golden, powdery amber, with accents of leather, smoking resins, and animalic musks. It has this neat trick of smelling comforting/familiar and yet ultra-sexual at the same time. It lasts all day and, in my humble opinion, is just fantastic in whatever concentration and vintage you wear. Yes, the vintage parfum is the deepest and smokiest, but we can't always be wearing that (for reasons of finances as well as time and place), so it's good to know that Shalimar is still recognizably the same Shalimar in the weakest EDC as it is in the parfum - thinner, yes, but still, you wouldn't mistake her for anybody else. For me, it is true love, and a top five perfume forever. It is like my second skin.  
Rich, somptuous, baroque chypre masterpiece. There's pretty everything in it, a comprehensive symphony or perfumery basics. Splendid talcum-powdered drydown, gentle as a lady asleep. Not much to chat about this!

10/10
Love the history.....love Guerlain....don't love or even like Shalimar.  Instead of smelling sultry and seductive, I smell like an old ashtray.  The smoky notes just overwhelm on me.  
As many others have already said, shalimar is a classic, perhaps the most classic of them all, and equaly a work od a genius perfumer. For me is smells more msculine than feminine, what is no surprise after Prada pour Homme Intense, Eau Sauvage Parfum, Burberry Brti for Men, Tom ford noir and many scents in the same oriental veil. Shalimar seems a blueprint for so many scents we all know and that's why I cannot perceive Shalimar as dated, old fashion and even less, praise God, old lady-grandma-ish. No need to go through the notes, it has been done very well indeed by some Basenoters. I just think everybody really keen on fragrances should try Shalimar. It is beautiful, it is an art form, it is perfection. I feel very fortunate to own an EDP bottle of this relic and yet so present, uptodate scent that is Guerlain Shalimar.
Shalimar is a scent I'd been avoiding. Somehow, it had 'old lady' tones in my mind.  However, I've been progressing in my journey, I've discarded the idea that a scent fits with a particular age group.  Yes, some scents are classic and have been worn for many years by people and so you may know an older woman whose been wearing Shalimar for 5 decades, however, that doesn't define the character of the scent.

In the case of Shalimar, it's been around for so long because it is that good.  I've been wearing the current EDT with great pleasure.  It's a scent that envelopes me like a fur coat, in fact, a bit like fur that remains on the leather which has been sueded and worn soft.  This scent is warm, familiar and full of smooth vanilla laden leather.    I recently acquired a bottle of the vintage EdC and find that it is creamier still.  It's got the typical feel of Guerlain, a powdery feel, but I don't feel like that is as strong as in some of the Guerlains, it is more creamy than powdery to my nose.

This is a wonderful scent for most any occasion, though I suspect it will perform less well in a hot and humid climate.  It is a powerful scent to my nose, not something that the wall-flower would want and I believe a man could easily wear it as well.
Typical example of a fragrance that you need to let grow on you before you can fully appreciate it! Fist time I tried this... a very strong, very dirty, almost bitter vanillic leather aroma hit me and I found it quite pungent and almost overbearing. But after a few days, and other applications... I really had to agree with everyone here in that this is quite an elegantly made, beautifully blended, sophisticated fragrance, and I can see why many call this a masterpiece. There is not much more to add to what others have said, but I would say to first time users please give it a few tries on your skin and leave it the time it needs to fully appreciate it. Trust me, if you do this you will be rewarded, but be patient and you will see why so many people call this a masterpiece.
Superbto be honest, I buy Shalimar only for the gorgeous bottle at first. I dont sniff it, just get this pretty flacon. how bad Guerlain could be?real badass. the opening is not my favourite part (at fact, the least. its rather offensive), but the rest, especially the dry down is something to die for. the vanilla and incense is really prominent (but the seller said, "its woody spicy". never trust a seller women. especially when they already tried to sell a BOSS Bottled) usually I detest vetiver, but on this one its controlled beautifully, ended with strong Vanilla that just perfect. it have strong projection and stays for really long time. the bad side is, like most Guerlain is on the banal opening. if you survived the first minutes, a very beautiful scent awaits you Pros: projection, longevityCons: opening"
It really has grown on methe other sitting in a meting I was distracted by a whiff of the most delicious perfume, I surreptitiously sniffed the people within distance and none of them had warm woody tones with a hint of spice. As my head dropped to my chest to retrieve my pad I realized to my surprise that it was me. I would never have guessed applying Shalimar in the morning inhaling the burst of powdery vanilla and rather sweet fruit that what would remain through the day would be be a lovely spicy base with a hint of rose. I love the combination of sandalwood patchouli and jasmine and rose, though some notes are fainter than others. I wear it because of what it becomes and for how long it lasts, if I could change it I would add more strong green patchouli and maybe a hint more of rose.Pros: it gets better as the day wears onCons: first whiff is deadly sweet"
Great in bottle, less so on skinMy bottle of vintage Shalimar arrived today and when I removed the stopper, an absolutely heavenly and complex aroma of florals and woods and citrus filled my nose.  Yet when I put it on, I smelled ... well, like an old lady.  Just because I AM one doesn't mean I have to smell like it!  I'll try it again, but so far I'm not sure I'll be wearing this grande dame, happy though I am to own her.Pros: LuxuriousCons: A familiar scent to many"
Shalimar eau de parfum reformulationAfter finding out that my idol Lady Miss Kier of Deee-Lite wore Guerlain's Shalimar I immediatly bought a bottle I was just 14 back then in 1993.it was a gorgeous warm powdery kind of a heavy perfume I loved the vanilla and the exotique feel of it, it became my signature perfume for quite some time. Now 20 years later I bought a bottle of eau de parfum and i still like it but i do smell that it is not what it used to be I've been reading up on some reviews here on Basenotes and at Bois de jasmin's blog finding out it was reformulated i still like it but thers something missing.the reformulation seems to be milder and doesnt stay with me aslong as the 1990's Shalimar I once knew did.I love Guerlain for its history and perfume know how and tradition its my  favorite house but i feel robbed.It is still gorgeous and really really beautifull but this is not the old Shalimar I knew
Pour Homme	Shalimar is a perfume associated mostly with women from an older generation, so as a young man, 20 years of age, I perhaps can offer a more unique perspective of one of the jewels of the House of Guerlain. 	Let's quickly look at the key notes found in Shalimar:	Top: Mandarin orange, Cedar, Bergamot, Lemon	Heart: Iris, Patchouli, Jasmine, Vetiver, Rose	Base: Leather (?), Sandalwood, Opoponax, Musk, Civet or Civetone (?), Vanilla, Tonka bean 	First off, you might be sick of hearing this, but, like all Guerlain perfumes, Shalimar is a deeply personal thing. This is because Shalimar is definitely not your typical woody/oriental perfume. A quick glance at the notes makes this more obvious. Cedar, typically a heart or base note, is used as a top note, and this gives a distinctive woodiness right off the bat.  Vetiver and patchouli, which are now typically used as base notes. These help to cut the citrusy scents of the top notes and brings a bit of balance and, more importantly, complexity into the perfume. In the base notes, civet or civetone (the synthetic alternative to the natural ingredient, now banned for ethical reasons) brings a strong animalistic scent to the perfume. 	Next, my initial introduction to Shalimar was when my grandmother used it. To me, it was the epitome of sensuality and luxury. It has amazing projection and longevity, and merely a few drops of the perfume would last the rest of the day. 	Finally, I am using Shalimar because it works well on me. For reasons unknown to me, when Shalimar touches my skin, the top notes go off quite quickly, only lingering as time passes. In contrast, the musky and powdery base notes project very well, with the dominate notes being vanilla and tonka bean. This leaves a powdery and, almost, creme brulee-ish scent on me.Pros: Excellent projection and longevity, legendary scents, top grade ingredientsCons: Varies greatly with personal tastes and body chemistries"
A warm temple of mysterious love in a bottle...As a perfume hobbyist, some iconic scents of ladies department also come into my collection. And as expected, Shalimar ranked as top priority on my purchase list.So, as I recalled the first time I sprayed Shalimar, my immediate reaction was: wow, it's indeed warm and sensual. The aroma was so complex so should you want to give a try--you should try this one with caution.Yes, not every chick can wear this, even for some first-timers this would definitely too much too handle. A possible headache or confusion (due to trying to identify the notes LOL) may result.The longevity is truly outstanding, tested on my wrist and it lasted 8 hours and more. After a warm spicy mixture of scents decorated the earlier stage, a slight jasmine followed shortly but not too powerful. As it dried down vanilla note appeared and lasted, clear and sweet.Mysterious, as I remembered this one. Just like its name, Shalimar best translated as a warm temple of mysterious love. So, undisputedly this one suitable and enjoyable only for a more mature women not for teens.Even though I still have no idea if my wife (Estee Lauder Pleasures Exotic, Kenzo Flower, Hermes Un Jardin Sur Le Nil) or my mom (YSL Rive Gauche for women, Thierry Mugler Angel) would love to wear this or not. My overall scoring was 8/10.Pros: Warm & heartfelted scent, great longevityCons: Complex aroma on immediate spray not suitable for younger users, standard bottle & packaging
Love this perfume	Shalimar is my go to perfume for every occasion.  It's classic.
Try with caution: not everyone can wear this, on some it will make me feel queezy and give me an instant headache!

I just bought a bottle of the cologne being a bit shy to try a stronger concentration and I am absolutely loving this!  The lasting power of the cologne is truly impressive it wears on way beyond what I imagined, a good 8 hours.  In the dry down I love the burnt creamy vanilla that appears, smells like heaven.  Love this but may not wear to work!  Sexy, vampy and mysterious is the name of the game here not cookie cutter scent of the week.
Hmmm... Shalimar. Ladies smell so nice when they wear it. This is a scent that can bring about many memories. I can recall being a young teenager and being completely intoxicated by a friend's mom's perfume. This stuff MADE her a "hot mom". I remember the bottle...

I bought some for my girlfriend. She's in the roller derby, and I was looking for something that would go well with her sport. We've gone through many sweet, fruity, herbal, and sporty scents... tried a few Etat Libre d'Orange, and a couple of samples of various Tom Ford. I settled on trying out the Shalimar because of its longevity (not while wearing... I mean in the sense that it's been around since the 20s), its attractiveness, and the way it can match up with a sport like roller derby: It's dark, dangerous, sexy, and packs a punch, but can keep its wits about about it in social situations.

Shalimar comes in with the lemony top note, but does not last long. This dries down into something smoky and subtle, seductive. To me, it gets my mind racing on things like sex, making out, etc. The woman who wears this should wear in confidence that your man will notice.

I don't know what the formula was like in the 20s, but I would love to find out. Buy yourself an extrait or at least the EDP. Any other "strength" and you'll not get the full idea of what this scent is supposed to be.
I would even wear this myself if I paired it up with something Versace Baby Blue Jeans or put the smack down on it with Amouage Ciel Man.
This one's a sultry winner, ladies.

(update) I have been wearing this myself lately. I am really enjoying it. The extrait is the way to go... 
Guys, this smells good and I would recommend trying it. I know it's for ladies, but this can and WILL be quite masculine when worn by a guy... period. It smells nice, and you will get compliments... it seems that this is more unisex than anything else....
First try of Shalimar...

...there it sat on my skin. The flagship of Guerlain. The first spritz is very lemony of course, but you also get a sniff of cedar which reminds a bit of church pews and old fur coats. I knew at the first whisp this was a great Old World Perfume. A legend. History. 
The hesperidics are quite elusive and the scent changes remarkably into smoky vanilla. I don't get that much flowers. The smokiness makes me think of a Walpurgis Night bonfire. Shalimar has an aura of wisdom, of a significant other. It's one of the few perfumes that really make my mind wander. True dramatic beauty. 
Who knows what the vintage version was like, but even the reformulation is aweinspiring. Luca Turin said, Shalimar makes 80% of todays fragrances appear trivial.
Of course I now own a bottle. And what a timeless beauty that bottle is, don't you think? When did blue and yellow ever look that good together?

I'd dare say: Greatest perfume of all times! Too special for me to wear it every day, but good to know I have it!
I give this 5 Stars b/c I appreciate it.  It is one of the best loved fragrances of all time.  Having said that, I don't usually like women's Orientals.  This one is softened by the vanilla,Tonka and a light use of Bergamot.  The heart notes are all floral, soft florals. This has a gourmand tone to it. 
Just opened my bottle of Shalimar Pure Parfum and applied a few dabs...omg it is so sensual and beautiful and warm; heady and intoxicating---so luxurious. Wow!

Love it!


This was my second ever "grown up" perfume that my boyfriend bought for me
in 1973 and nearly 40years down the line I think I have grown into it.
I felt very sophisticated wearing it in my 20's but felt it was maybe too old for me
because of it's heaviness. However I have always loved the sensual smell and  always will, so do the men around me...as I have had many compliments on my 
perfume whilst wearing this,mainly from the older man !! 
What can one say about Shalimar that hasn't been said one million times?

Go buy yourself a bottle of the extrait.

Apply to your wrist.

Sit back, inhale deeply, and be transported to another universe.

And for the record, the extrait formulation is eminently suitable for use as a masculine - there is nothing even remotely girly about the dark-colored juice in the gorgeous crystal bottle, gentlemen.  
I recently purchased two vintage bottles of this and listed one on Etsy.  Today, I opened the second bottle and OH MY GOSH!  It is so very beautiful.  I quickly decided that could never be without this beautiful scent and took down the Etsy listing.  Who knows if I shall ever find the vintage EDT again?  I am totally in love.  
goes down heavy but results irritating to my neck skin, great scent anyway!
Chanel No. 5 ? 

Fugedaboutit. That powdery senior scent is as out of place these days as Guerlains Vetiver. 

This is what I imagined a timeless classic would smell like. Dark, vanilla, hints of oriental and side of civet for some carnal verve. Drydown is a creamy vanilla. 


I absolutely love it. It's the classic par excellence, way better than Chanel 5, a must have for anyone who loves perfumes.

And yet -- and this is a big YET -- it changes dramatically from bottle to skin. This can be for better or worse. On my mother and on some of my friends it smells great, and becomes the perfect fragrance for an elegant night out; on my skin, unfortunately, it gets flat, old, tired.

I am more sorry about this than I can say.

Still, every now and then, I spray it on my pillows and go to sleep thinking about some wonderful place in a faraway land.
The most perfect fume! I wore nothing else in my twenties before I was really able to understand, then I discarded it totally in favour of citrus scents in my early thirties, only to come back to it now, to rediscover it perfectly and completely. So much so that I now have edt (for bedtime), edp and vintage edp and parfum concentrations, im a Shalimar maniac! It's hypnotising and all encompassing - I have a lot of perfumes, and yet now I've rediscovered SHalimar I'm having a hard time wearing anything else. It feels like I'm cheating! I love Shalimar and I can believe I neglected her for so long. It's an incredible fragrance, from the Bergamot sharp opening to the nest like Opoponax tonka vanilla drydown. Genius.xxx

There's nothing special when I tried Shalimar for the first time. It was the new version (EDP) that I tried at the local shop. From all the praise that I read here... I only got a burst of citrus note and sweet vanilla. A big disappointment for me...


I'm still curious for this "historical" SHALIMAR, so I tried to find the vintage one to erase my curiosity forever. I bought 1 bottle of Shalimar (PDT/75ml) at the flea market. I tried it at home, 2 sprays on my left arm and miracle happens...


I cannot explain the excitement I feel when I smell this beauty. It's like you've just drink a 100 years old wine when previously you only drink a grape juice.
If you looked in a dictionary under P for perfume there should be a big picture of Shalimar.  While some would argue that Chanel No 5 deserves that spot, to me Shalimar IS perfume, the highest expression of the perfumer's art. 

 Some people think of this as an "old lady scent" but don't forget, those old ladies were young once and it smelled as good on them then as it does now.  It works on a grandmother and on a nubile young 18 year old and at every age in between.  The story, the legacy, the packaging and advertising are all magnificent (that bottle!  The original is perfect) but what about the scent?  Well, it is gourmand without being too foodie, seductive yet still ladylike, rich and oriental but fresh at the same time.  I LOVE smelling this on a woman! The bergamot is perfectly done and paves the way for the iris and opoponax which is supported by the most beautiful vanilla ever--as only Guerlain can do.  This defines the Guerlainade note for me.   There is a smoky animalic note in there but it never forgets its manners, even if pushes the limits a bit.  

Please, women of the world, wear this more often!  In extrait if possible but all delivery systems for Shalimar are great--cologne, E de T, lotion, powder, etc.

I can well see why Guerlain paid homage to this when they gave us Habit Rouge and thank goodness they did, but for me, Shalimar is the mothership and a great perfume whose light  I hope never fades.      
SHALIMAR – Guerlain – 1925	[classic oriental]

This is the classic oriental, one of my favorites (Yves St. Laurent’s OPIUM and Boucheron’s JAIPUR HOMME are my top favorite orientals).  This is a warm, vanilla rich oriental, the very first of its type, and still the very best. Both men and women swoon when you wear it.

Top Notes: Bergamot, Lemon, Hesperides
Middle Notes: Jasmine, Iris, Rose, Patchouli, Vetiver
Base Notes: Vanilla, Frankincense, Opopanox, Sandalwood, Musk, Civet, Ambergis, Coumarin

Now I know why Shalimar is all over this site. What a wonderful fragrance! I seem to have an older version, the bottle is different than pictured, but it is lovely. Not too powdery for me, soft and sensual, a real classic. Still not better than Knowing on me, but I'll definitely keep it in stock.
This is my first review of a truly great perfume.  I don't think I've been qualified to write anything about a perfume as complex and perfectly composed as Shalimar.

I recently experienced for the first time the 1967+ vintage Shalimar extrait/parfum, in the  black and white zigzag box, with the purple flocked inner box adorned with the fabled gold Marly horse design inside the lid.  Its ferocious beauty has emboldened me to try to do it justice.  I compare it to the blue-boxed current parfum.  That is the only other formulation I know well.  Here goes ...

It opens with a beautifully radiant bergamot note.  That soon recedes into a chorus that is dark, smoky, sweet and animalic.  It's complexly organic, not just animalic in the "check-the-box", "yeah, it's in there" synthetic aromachemical sense.  It builds to a sharp, nose-singing kerosene bite.  It literally burns a bit when sniffed close to the skin.

It is intense, and utterly captivating. It goes in through the nose, passes through the brain, down the spine, and grabs you by the core.  Nothing else I've smelled has such a visceral effect.  People say that vintage Shalimar makes them feel weak in the knees, or feel faint.  You think this must be hyperbole.  It's not.  If any perfume has the power to incapacitate, it is this vintage of Shalimar in its opening movement.  The current version has much the same character, but is much less intense - not in potency or projection - in depth, darkness, and complexity.    The opening is the best part.

After that, the heart is still gorgeous, but it loses that raw gut-wrenching power.  It is much more floral -  rounder and sexier that the current parfum.  More feminine, most would say.  I don't care, though. It's too good for that to matter.  I think I smell jasmine, rose, and iris - I'm not sure, as I'm not great at separating out notes.  I'm sure there's much more than those three anyway.  It's very natural and complex to my nose. I would guess that these were still all natural florals in this vintage.  I don't know if the current parfum still has any, but there's a big difference, I think.  Resorting to an analogy, I'll say that the vintage is like an oil painting, where the current is like a pixelated digital image.  The current is very angular and sort of represents the idea of the floral elements, where the vintage feels ... real!  The heart is where the vintage and current differ the most in character.

The drydown is all smoky vanilla and sweet resins, overlaid with the fading light of the heart.  By the time the florals are gone, it is very similar to the current version.  That makes sense, as I don't think any of the base components are restricted, scarce, or particularly expensive.  It's deliciously edible by this point.  One of the nicest drydowns in all of perfumedom.

This is the best perfume I've ever known.

If I'm going to rate it, I'll say that on a scale of 1 to 10, this one goes to 11.  I have to do something to stand it apart from all of the other 10s.

11/10
One of the major fragrances that smells completely different on my skin as opposed to paper is Shalimar. 

On paper I get the big blast. A fistful of powdery sensuality anchored with high pitched lemon, dense beany vanilla and bergamot. I'm immediately transported. The after effects are a pleasant dry vanilla with that herbal lavender colored velour that all Guerlains seem to contain. It whispers oriental rather than sings it. 

However, on my skin I get a different world inhabited mostly by powdered vanilla. I can't get the citrus. The fade is very fast. An hour after application I have nothing but a barely noticeable hint of sweet baby powder. Why is that? No clue. Whatever it is, it's something in me. The paper sample smells rich roughly 3 hours after application. 

I will say that even with my poor chemistry, I still love Shalimar. Never mind that I likely can't wear it. It's so calm and frothy. I love its dainty chantilly creme' in contrast to the fatty pate' of other orientals. It's no wonder this was Rita Hayworths favorite perfume. It's feminine and sensitive, but at the same time bold, plump, vampish. 

The batch I smelled was the latest in the newly redesigned black ribbon bottle. I recall a few years ago smelling the classic tassled bottle and noting a distinct bitterness that turned me off. Maybe a louder bergamot in the old batch? 
I adore Shalimar! I think my favourite versions are from the '80's and '90's and I seek them out on eBay as they seem deeper, more complex and longer-lasting too. I always go back to Shalimar and I know I always will. 
Indisputably beautiful. Shalimar doesn't merely sit upon your skin and project its essence like most parfums; it melts into you, combining with you, and projects your essence. Hypnotic and wonderful. Breathtaking every single time.
I saw the reviews, and I decided to get a bottle from the local shop.  Yes, I am a man, and I wear Shalimar...and I like it.  It reminds me of 4711 meets Number Six meets Florida Water.  Good and citrusy, sweet, and just plain nice.  Not getting anything flowery from my wrist, sorry.  But nice, sweet, and relaxing.
On first whiff I smelt liquorice and incense which must have been the bergamot! It then fades into a powdery sweet vanilla. The iris in it is lovely. It's very sexy and feminine, definitely not a day perfume. 
Skin but better. The scent my son used to spray on his pillow when I was on nights to make him feel safe. Again  Basenotes reminds me to add an old favourite to my wardrobe
The first whiff on my skin made me think Old Library Books, not really enticing or sexy, but curious enough.
After thirty minutes, the top notes wore off, which were not fresh, but the opposite of fresh, the fragrance remaining was pleasantly strange, unusual and really authentic, like it was part of me.  The heart and base notes were mingling and lasting for several hours, four or five, and they were fascinating and mysterious, not so bright. Comfortable shadowy scent.  Something a bit rare and excellent here.  
I got a sample of this from Escentual, and have given myself a hefty dose. I'm not a fan of bergamot, something I've only discovered since joining Basenotes, and luckily, that note disappeared fairly quickly, although it was not as unpleasant as some I've encountered. I would love to have smelled the original formulation way back in the mists of time, however I'm content enough with the current blend, and not suffering any of that angst, so many Basenoters feel about the reformulations of fragrances. (I do however have a particular angry feeling about Lanvin's Arpege i got in the 80's and the reformulated article somewhere around 2006)

I'm breathing in a powdery aroma, and having read some of the reviews, people seem to associate powdery with old ladies, whereas i associate it with babies and youth. It doesn't seem at all "old People home" to me, and its uplifting for me,  in the powdery stage. The sillage of this one, seems to carry the powdery notes, and i expect people will smell that around me, until i shove my neck rudely in their faces, and demand they comment on this new scent I'm trying.

But where i love it most, is the nose-to-skin smell where i get an animalistic emanation, and the iris and opopanax are readily apparent, someone also mentioned an incense-y kind of aura, and I'm feeling that as well. Now, also the vanilla is waving hello to me, shyly, coyly popping its sweet little head up and saying "Hey, I'm here too!!"

 I never tried it before because the name puts me off, i don't like it at all, however, contempt prior to investigation has deprived me of something i may well choose to be my signature fragrance. I am actually going up to my mother's house to "appropriate" one of her 2 bottles of this. 

It's lovely, and i shalll be resting my nose somewhere down my cleavage, with eyes closed, breathing in this classic fragrance whilst watching Tv tonight. Thanks Guerlain
Just incredible. I'm wearing it right now.

The Shalimar ad says it so well in the tag line,  "As close to forever as a perfume can go." 

The classic amber, complete with a colorful lineage.

Everyone should do themselves a favor and  at least sample it.
  I'm beginning to learn that many perfumes come out smelling somewhat different on me depending on where I spray them (seriously.) When I apply this fragrance to my wrist, at first all I get is the really strong animal musk/civet smell, which I find almost a bit too much to deal with. When I apply it farther up my arm it's all lovely, soft powdery notes which are really nice and pleasant. Now that the fragrance is drying down a bit on my wrist though, I'm finding that it's turning mostly into vanilla and soft, sweet powdery notes too. I'm not sure if what I'm trying is the original or a reformulation. I suspect it's probably a modern reformulation because the sample didn't cost very much, and it smells too much like a vanilla fragrance to be the original (I think.) 
  The fragrance just changed on me again, and now I'm getting a strong impression of incense. 
  Shalimar is a really nice, unique fragrance and I definitely like it and would recommend it highly, but I doubt I would wear it very often. It's a scent that definitely comes across as a sexy evening fragrance to me. I think it might be a bit much for everyday wear. Definitely a great classic perfume though!
After all tese magnificent reviews, I was wondering if i should write something. Well...here...about perfume of all time. Most perfume created by real nose, remains as perfume for all times. I thik that, perfumery industry turned to FMCG as well by intoducing serials of new parfumes with new molecules and formulas and no real concept or idea, but the tought of earning. Perfumes were always art, so I am wondering why they were turned to this? Perfumes are sensed by the eldest part of the brain: rhinencephalon and only truly freeminded  and sensitive people can develop good composition.
I am sorry for this huge intoduction, but I wanted to express my opinion on the difference of the "old" perfumists who was creating their perfumes with heart and soul, and new trendy FMCG perfumes.
My flirt with this perfume dates back to 1995. I tried it again, but unfortunately during the summer, when some strange notes developed on my skin. Fortunately, I had a decant with me and tried it again. What to say...perfection made back in 1925.
It opens with lovely citrus notes wich represent the intoduction  to the most beautiful powder I ever sensed. Everything is perfectly done with right measure: sweetnes, citruses, woody and balsamic notes.
It would be nice if manufacturers does not forget that perfumes are like painting,  like music, that someone have to give to them their soul...othewise they would fall into oblivion.
Shalimar has heart and soul, which provided it with eternety in the perfumery world.
Love at second sniff - the first was, "Yargh! Old lady!", but wait....try it again....heaven. Smoky, vanillic, a spicy concoction that wafts about the wearer's being like a haunting mist that shifts and blends with the body's chemistry to create something altogether personal. Genius blending and, to me, pure alchemy. Beautiful.
Every word alfarom used to describe this is spot on. I am realllly trying to love it, but I get the same animalic note that I get in fragrances using the word civet. Now, I am a total newbie to fragrances of this magnitude and started my niche collection about two days ago, but it seems that all I am getting is that civet smell. My wrist literally is emitting wet animal derriere.  Because I understand that these things take time and this is only my first wrist spritz, I am gonna at least wait to finish the generous sample given to me by my local sephora, but I hope and pray that it morphs into something more pleasurable because like I said I really want this one to work...it's a LEGEND!!! So, I am giving it a thumbs up in honor of it's legacy, and because all of those other thumbs up's cannot be wrong ( whether it works for me or not ). I will just have to wait and see and post an update.
We can easily say that the house of Guerlain is french perfumery personified and, possibly, Shalimar is among its most successful and legendary creations. If you  smell it for the first time you immediatley notice its outstanding quality and complexity. Wether you'll like it or not this is, by any means, an outstanding fragrance and one of those perfumes you encounter every once in a 100 years.

An huge amber/vanilla driven composition that is particularly remarkable for its kaleidoscopic aspects. Animalic and smoky, oriental and penetrating, delightfully sweet, mysterious, intriguing....simply immense.

If you happen to wonder if "objectivity" is appliable to perfumes you should try Shalimar as it's one of the most successfull examples of how a good fragrance can go beyond genres and even personal taste.
We all have our classics that are nothing like we remember from back in the day.  ('I used to wear [insert classic] until they RUINED it!)  I tend to get more wistful than angry over this (Odalisque.)  But just as I've sat to write about Shalimar I've found another reaction, which is to notice and then not particularly to care.  I'm on a plane right now and passing through duty-free earlier spotted Chanel Antaeus, my first fragrance, my only signature fragrance, the one I wore exclusively in my junior and senior years of high school (81-82) and then intermittently for years.  My first thought on sniffing it was 'this is quite literally nothing like what I used to wear.'  My next thought was, 'Oh, look!  They've got  No 19 EDP!' and I went and spritzed.  

The upside of digital perfume communities is the sharing of experiences.  I have learned so much reading Basenotes reviews and threads---had more laughs, more ah ha! moments than I can count.  The downside, though, is that a perfume hobby seems to engender a nostalgia/anger about how things used to be.  There's that sense that contemporary perfumery has taken something intrinsic away from us.  Our response is often a fetish for distinction and provenance, and of course the ensuing butt-sniffing and pack hierarchy.  You know: 'I'm sure you THINK you love your current Mitsouko EDT, but you'll never truly know her until you've smelled my 1967 extrait.'  I'm as guilty as the next person.  

But Shalimar unexpectedly elicits in me an attitude I've tried to foster.  Things do change.  But I just love perfume and find immense joy in it.  Call me common, call me simple, but I currently wear the most recent Shalimar EDT and love it.  It just makes me tail-waggingly happy to smell it.  Citrus, growl, smoke, scratchy amber & vanilla, opopanax, a sly incense.  I'm sure it's not the parfum from 1925, but then again I'm not a 20s flapper.  How wonderful that that era had its Shalimar.  But they didn't have our Bois de Violette, my Insense, my Secretions Magnifiques.  This is no pollyanna desperate optimism, no deflection of resentment.  We live in a spectacular era of perfume.  

My 2010 Shalimar tells me to screw the iconography and embrace the perfume.  It also makes me imagine the fun of watching the apoplexy of the current generation of young perfumistas going as shrill as we have over the resctrictions on our beloved oakmoss.  Imagine the heel-clacking and outrage among the Angel set when ethylmaltol, identified as the causative agent in the future medical diagnosis of Acquired Intolerance Syndrome, is outlawed.  
Shalimar has taken me on a very strange journey which I hated at first because its scent was so alien to me that I did not know what to make of it. It reminded me of an antique powder puff left behind by some silver screen diva.

I persisted  with the ODP because, despite my initial reaction, I had also detected something totally irresistible and unique, which set it  aside from every other perfume I have worn.

Shalimar was created at a time where scents where elitist, assertive and owned by few; it is so removed from the 21st century that wearing is like immersing your self in to a time between the wars where everything seemed possible.

Like all masterpieces, you will not get it straight away and you will have persevere and open your mind to it. But once you do Shalimar becomes a magnificent addiction.
It is not difficult to see why Shalimar has stood the test of time.

Shalimar is still unique after all these years. Such a beautifully done fragrance, composed with careful consideration and oozing sophistication and elegance.

This fragrance is a warm, smokey and slightly spicy vanilla scent, with all the right qualities to make this sensual fragrance irresistible. 

The opening is a wonderfully obscure citrus blend complimented by cedar. This combination surprisingly works. The top notes are strong but not overly so.

The heart of this fragrance is where the magic begins. On my skin I get a warm, somewhat leathery and spicy blend of floral notes. At first this scent reminded me of calamine lotion. Thank goodness that I like that medicinal type smell. Later I got something that smelt like a mixture of cigar smoke, powdery incense and fragrant woods.

I love that Shalimar continues to change and surprise me. I love that this fragrance is so unpredictable. Guerlain has certainly outdone themselves with this masterpiece.


Pillar of classicism and one of the most refined, luxuriant, elusive and sophisticated fragrances of all time. Smooth, at opening luxuriously hesperidic, barely tobacco veined and talky this is the fragrance that inspired the creation of the earthy decadent Habit Rouge, yet the "Shalimar au masculin". The extreme sophistication of the juice is enhanced by its floral heart "populated" by the most sumptuous flowers as jasmine, rose and iris in order to enrich the balsams of the base after a first citrusy voluptuous traditional blast. Rose and iris are prominent and the first of two is linked to talky elements in order to provide a touch of ethereal delicacy while the further floral patterns are more pungent and angular in order to "complicate" the shadowy wake on the side of a detectable note of classic patchouli . The citrus are almost aggressive at the beginning as well as those are strong in Habit Rouge and the link with the bunch of flowers and patchouli produces an extremely elegant, classic, aristocratic and bold impact. The opoponax presence in the middle helps to understate soon the initial harsh impact of citrus in order to prepare a gradual transition towards the resinous final smootness. Some time later the angular citrus and floral elements start infact to drown in a sink of resins and balsams as vanilla, Perù balsams and gray amber that remain all dry and powdery being just at the beginning of the development barely resinous. A touch of flavoured mildness is introduced by tonka in the way that the base exudes nuances of aromatic tobacco. The dry down is anyway warm, enveloping and luxurious with its talky "smokey" mildness, ambery sandalwood and a sort of leathery suede. Shalimar is still nowadays a great choice for the lovers of sumptuous effluviums managing to teleport them in a world of mystic exoticism, sultanates, harems and esotericism.
What can I add to the accolades strewn like wreaths of the finest blossoms at the feet of Shalimar?  My two cents, of course!
If Chanel No. 5 is the Queen of Perfumes, then Shalimar is the empress.  No. 5 is a masterpiece of modern aldehydes.  Shalimar is a masterpiece of nature's flowers.  Funny that they appeared at almost the same time, because they couldn't be more polar of opposites.  Shalimar captures the very essence not only of flowers, but of perfumerie itself.  If a perfume is meant as more than a means to end (smelling better)--that is, as a fantasy...a catalyst for dreams--then Shalimar takes the crown. I know it's an oriental; perhaps the first.  However, to me, Shalimar is the quintessence of floral. The only flower I see listed in the pyramid is iris, but surely there are more in this garden.  The experience of Shalimar is the experience of a child smelling a flower for the first time.  Overwhelmed and entranced for life.  The Shalimar I'm talking about here is the original perfume.  I get the feeling today's Shalimar is not what it once was...
How I remember my mother going out for a formal occasion, in a ball gown(!), suffused with Shalimar her special perfume from that magic bottle ( the one with the violet stopper), coming in to kiss us goodnight.  Talk about magical!
Absolutely sensational, classic fragrance and without any shadow of a doubt, one of the most complex creations in all perfumery. Evolves dramatically on the skin morphing from one contrasting colour to another in bewildering, virtuoso style.

My favourite fragrance of all time.

The addition of a ‘dirty’ jasmine and herbs to a sparkling lemon top creates a real ‘thirst quenching’ effect that the citrus itself could never achieve. I liken it to the effect of a good cup of English Breakfast Tea - it’s not a cold, sparkling beverage but it has such a balance of invigoration and depth that when done properly will quench your thirst like nothing else.

Eau Sauvage is a timeless, intimate, ‘gentlemanly’ and versatile fragrance. A real joy to wear.
What can you say about a classic like Eau Sauvage that hasn't already been said?

So I'll keep it brief: it's an impeccably made, perfectly balanced, anywhere-anytime creation with a gorgeous lemon-citrus opening and an herbal heart. It gets as close to "timelessness" as fragrances can get.
I had a revelation last summer (in June-July 2019), when I stayed for one month in an airb&b rental apartment located in a hilly residential area near Porta Romana of Firenze, Italy. To my utter astonishment and great delight, every morning, when I climbed upstairs from the bedrooms to the living room / kitchen area, I was invariably greeted by a natural fragrance wafting through the wide-open windows from the villa's private garden, that was identical to Eau Sauvage. Voila, now we know it: Monsieur Roudniska must have spent some time during summer in the Tuscan hills near Firenze and the fragrance that envelops them in June-July provided the inspiration for his iconic creation without equal! 
I've had bottles of Eau Sauvage - both the current version and the vintage, and they are both wonderful. I do notice the lack of oakmoss in the current version, but it's not that different. This perfume was never an oakmoss bomb that had to suffer an unfortunate reformulation. In all its versions, I find it an incredibly refined fresh/green fragrance, with hints of lemon, lime, basil, hints of florals and faint whispers of woody-mossy notes all culminating into an accord of breathtaking beauty and immaculate sophistication. It is notoriously weak, especially faint rather than short-lived (it does last a few hours as a skin scent with a liberal application), but this is a perfume where it's all about quality over quantity. 


4/5
It smells like classical cologne but it’s got a very nice twist of musk that makes it deeper. Very good, and it could be considered as unisex. 
My all time favorite. My grandfather, who was born in Italy and came here later on, wore this every day. He said it reminded him of his basil in the garden he kept. To this day, I can still smell it on his old clothes we keep, and still have one of his old bottles he never finished. 

Yes, silage is low and it does not last that long, but I find it lasts longer when sprayed on clothes in warmer weather. There is a slight differnce in the vintage vs. the new re-formulation. I find the vintage to be just a little more "heavy", and the newer lighter. 
I'll start with a confession: For me, there's currently no fragrance that tops Eau Sauvage. So why write yet another raving review if I'm just another fanboy? Because don't think I am. And if I am, then I hope that you can at least learn something from what I've experienced. So here's my story - it's rather a long one, but bear with me - or just skip to the part that says "Kid, there's...". 

First of all, Dior Eau Sauvage isn't the same as Dior Sauvage, so those of you looking for the Johnny Depp Sauvage, kindly go find the right page.

Now… A few years ago (it may sound ridiculous for some, but it was as far back as 2014), I started looking for a gentlemanly scent, something with style, something to impress, a scent that my favourite characters from books, film or TV would wear. I was, in short, looking for something to attract the ladies. Eau Sauvage was the fragrance that came up the most in my online searches. It was mentioned as _the_ classic, something that Steve McQueen swore by, and the product of one of the stars of perfumery, Edmond Roudnitska.

So I tried that Eau Sauvage, bought a 50ml bottle - and was less than impressed. In fact, I went back to the store I bought it in and complained about it lasting only an hour or so on my skin, nothing at all like what I'd expected from my internet "research". I was told that it was a very light citrus summer scent and was fobbed off with a whole bunch of samples (most of which I don't really care about and still keep in a box, including what the shop owner professed to be her favourite, Dior Homme).

I wore that 50ml bottle, wearing at least two sprays at a time, for quite a while - trying a lot of others in between. I was spending a lot of time travelling internationally by plane and I really did try a lot of other scents. Still, I regularly came back to that weak citrus cologne.

One day, about a year ago, I got my hands on a vintage bottle of Eau Sauvage, sealed and from the 90 judging by the box. I tore into it like a kid at Christmas, unscrewed the lid, put some on my arm and... was underwhelmed, again.

By that time my fling with perfumery had turned serious. I wasn’t spraying on nearly as much as before. And I'd bought essential oils, resins and other partially very expensive ingredients, started smelling, comparing and mixing, the results amounting to the same thing as my reading - that perfumery was much more about exact measures and how the individual substances reacted with each other than how I imagined them to smell in my head, all the time still looking for something like the ultimate attractant.

I'm going to skip a few steps and just tell you what I'd tell myself back in 2014:
I'm still using Eau Sauvage, the modern version mostly, because it's easy to wear, unobtrusive, agreeable. It's become my signature scent without me noticing it, really.
I like to wear the vintage version on occasion (I just have to add that there's hardly any resemblance to the new one, the old one has much more character, it's much more capturing - but it has made me feel like I were trapped in a bubble of flatulence twice now in certain surroundings. There must be some strange chemical reaction I can't place yet...) but the new version remains the juice I've used most of over the years. I've even started mixing it with some of my raw materials. Now, I always have a 5ml bottle of it mixed with some myrrh tincture, sandalwood and oud ready - I jokingly like to call it my personal Ruthvah, but hey - 

Kid, there's no such thing as a love potion number whatever. I've tried a lot of things that claimed to be. So-called pheromones, Calone, Hedione, Iso E Super, ambergris, civet, castoreum. None turned out to be more than the thing that really counts: belief in yourself.
So what all this ranting boils down to is this: wear what makes you feel the way you want to. For me, this is it.
Oh dear jeebus. I adore the modern stuff, but vintage is just properly blow your mind amazing. 

Whichever way you choose to buy it it, Eau Sauvage is a men's classic that every gent ought to have on his shelf at least once. 

The opening is glorious - lemon that dips between presenting perfectly naturally to having a candied edge, cumin and rosemary giving a ruggedly spicy, almost leathery touch and then to me developing into a wickedly smooth finish. 

If you haven't given it a try yet, I'd consider starting with the modern formulation to see if you like the DNA, then consider hunting vintage because this isn't exhorbitantly expensive (yet). 
I love this, it is a fairly dry citrus.  Herbal and manly.  Smells well groomed.  It is polite, and not overtly brash like many of its contemporaries.  It doesn't fade instantly, but sooner than I would consider good.  Say below average longevity, but not poor.  
While I am a bigger fan of the Eau Sauvage Parfum version, this is the one that set the stage for my decades-long love of what is arguably a classic, excellent men's fragrance.

What I enjoyed about Eau Sauvage is that it's a longer lasting, more layered potion than the typical eau de cologne citrus scents out there. It is very bracing and exudes a fresh masculine impression that still is appreciated after over 40 years in existence.

Eau Sauvage is a nicely blended citrus-spice fragrance that also accented by floral notes like carnation and jasmine. It's tangy-musky goodness of the most elementary, no-nonsense kind.

I enjoy the Parfum version as it is a lush, intense rethink of Eau Sauvage. But it's up to you which level of intensity would work for your personality and occasion.
Try both out, as each are fairly easy to find on most fragrance tester counters at a department store near you.
A Classic. So fresh. Still so relevant. Still so nice after all these years.

Worth having a bottle in the collection. 
THE icon of male french perfumery, whether you enjoy it or not, many have exhorted its beauty here and elsewhere and I won't add to it.
It's a french cultural institution, sitting at number 4 in sales as I'm writing this (2018), behind Bleu, Sauvage and Terre, it says a lot considering its 1966 launch that it's still this popular having survived and thrived through the power 80's, ghastly ozonic 90's, and the current "blue" chemical spill aka spiky """woods""". It can still be smelled everywhere in France, in the subway, in line at the boulangerie etc.. I sincerely hope it'll still be in the top 5, 50 years from now sitting right under whatever the ' parfums du jour' are
Vive Eau Sauvage

Like the music composer Rimsky-korsakof, Edmond Roudnitska was a naturally gifted autodidact who delighted in subtle and complex forms. He may have been a great composer of symphonic perfumes but unlike Rimsky-korsakof, Roudnitska was not a prolific source of creative ideas. His complex and multi layered masterpiece of citrus - verbena - herbs - transparent floral and vetiver shares more than a little in the structure of citrus - verbena - white floral and chypre behind François Coty's cologne de toilette, Eau de Coty.

The main difference between them - and what marks Eau Sauvage out as belonging to a new generation of perfumes - is Roudnitska's bold use of hedione. This pale and translucent jasmin isolate displaces the lemon and sweet spicy focus of the Coty, it diffuses the white floral and in doing so opens up the profile like a paper fan. 

Even if it is derivative of a relatively unknown perfume, Eau Sauvage is none the less a very subtle work. Today, it's difficult for us to comprehend just how new and different it must have felt when it first came out. Back in the 1960's, masculine perfumery was still "basically the barber's Eau de Cologne. There was the green, the blue and the amber. There was also Old Spice." This according to the president of the French Society of Perfumers who was quoted in a 2012 edition of Madame Figaro magazine. "With Eau Sauvage we discovered something quite different." Eau Sauvage represented a step change in perfumery, not only achieving a new level of subtlety but perfume in general was now able to express an ethereal quality that hadn't been possible before.

This translucent quality of Eau Sauvage can make it seem to disappear in short order. In fact it doesn't vanish but it does have a tendency to lie low. But what it lacks in odour yield is made up for with increased longevity - as compared to a citrus Eau de Cologne; an old French advert from the time reads 'Méfiez-vous de l'eau qui dort' - Beware of the water that sleeps. Sleeping water - a canny image for the pale and elusive Eau Sauvage.

Back in the sixties there was less competition in the market place and a masculine perfume could be somewhat diffident about its appeal, in fact anything louder than a whiff of Gauloises might have been thought unbearably vulgar. Eau Sauvage certainly didn't suffer for being discrete, it was a stand out success and nothing came close to matching its popularity.

Not only was Eau Sauvage a commercial success, it was - and still is - critically acclaimed as a masterpiece. In the book 111 Perfumes to Smell before you Die (Les cent onze parfums qu'il faut sentir avant de mourir) the editors of French parfumista magazine Nez selected what they consider to be the most notable perfumes of the modern era. Eau Sauvage is one of only sixteen masculines to make it into the book; it is the only one they describe as a work of art.

***** 
The Ladies' Tower at the Alhambra by Martin Rico y Ortega 1871

Orphée ( Jean Marais ) in 
Orpheus by Jean Cocteau 1950
There isn't a whole lot that can be said about Eau Sauvage that hasn't already been, and the general consensus (with which I agree) is that it's a masterpiece, but I will give it my grand review nonetheless. The famed Mr. Roudnitska would only make 3 masculines (unless you count 1951's unisex Eau d'Hermés) in his time as a perfumer, and this is the only one still being produced, if that's any indication of it's timeless power. The first masculine created by the famed perfumer (Moustache by Rochas in 1949) was more or less an early blueprint of the male chypre, but the virile animalic potency of that scent wasn't for everyone, despite it's light dusting of citrus and lavender on top to keep it fresh and austere by the day's standard. The unisex Eau d'Hermés ultimately favored by men was further in the sexually-charged direction, and Eau Sauvage seems to be it's equal-opposite successor to Moustache, but this time Roudnitzka would go it without the help of his wife Theresa to create the scent, whom was a huge source of input for Moustache, and the resultant creation was ironically more feminine, or at least more gender-neutral than Eau d'Hermés could ever hope to be. Eau Sauvage would also prove to be the first male scent for designer Christian Dior, with a whole story behind it's naming, and the whole thing was just a big deal all around. I never knew any of this going in of course, but it's fun learning later that "Eau Sauvage" not only means "Wild Water" in French, but was a corrupting of "Oui Sauvage", the way in which Christian Dior's butler addressed his friend Percy Savage when he came to visit the designer's home. Just lovely bits of character that make the scent that much sweeter!

The formula of this couldn't really be simpler, which is it's beauty to be honest. It's classified as a chypre, but it doesn't really contain the prerequisite hoary animalic base notes, but we give that a slide since literally everything else is textbook chypre. It opens with lemon rosemary, a lavender, bergamot, which is fairly barbershop-ish in modern times. After the lemon and rosemary greet you, petitgrain, jasmine, and a light dusting of sandalwood comes up to say hello in the middle, and after it dries, the textbook oakmoss, musk, amber and a touch of vetiver for a masculine edge holds your hand for the rest of the experience. That's it! No fuss, no muss, no civet or castoreum to sour or sharpen the mix, just heaps of fresh, green sophistication through a use of just a few primary vegetable notes and once-animalic but since synthetic fixatives (ambergris and deer musk have long since ceased being in commercial perfume even before Eau Sauvage came long). There is a drawback to this purely herbal composition, and that is the scent has pretty mediocre projection like a typical Avon/Mary Kay or department store fragrance under $30USD; it's totally okay if you want something that requires folks to come a little closer to enjoy your aura, but for the projection-means-better guys, this one won't do. Eau Sauvage does have pretty mean longevity though, and it should for the price: this one still goes between $60-$90USD even after being over 50 years old! It's a testament to it's desirability and staying power I suppose, and Dior has spun off a half-dozen flankers including 2 parfum formulations, an "extreme", and "extreme intense" and now one just called "Sauvage" (a modern reboot but not a replacement), all of which sit alongside the eponymous original. 

Most people who smell Eau Sauvage now for the first time aren't even aware of it's age, since it's fresh, semi-sweet, and green tones just make it so classy and timeless. There is a certain degree of person who won't like stuff such as this because it doesn't have any richness to it, or chemical oomph of modern scents; I have heard some people liken this to a middle-aged man's contemporary scent, in that you have to be over a certain age to pull it off, but once you reach that age (regardless of when you were spawned), it will instantly be your signature scent. There is truth in these words to some degree, as I probably would not have appreciated something this dapper and soft in my early 20's as I do now, despite it's "wild" nomenclature. If nothing else, this joins the ranks of scents like Caron Pour Un Homme (1934), Canoe (1936), Chanel Pour Monsieur (1955), Monsieur Givenchy (1959), Aramis (1965), Kouros (1981), Eternity for Men (1989), Acqua di Gio (1996), and other time-worn men's essential classics that should be experienced, if not owned, at some point in a guy's lifespan. The scent works in nearly all seasons, and for nearly all occasions, all times of day, and is literally so well balanced, it could be my one-and-only desert island fragrance if I had to reduce everything I owned down to one selection. I only hold back on wearing it more with respect to the rest of my collection. If the art of the male chypre had an apex point, it would be this scent, and it's no wonder fougères overtook these chypre scents a decade or so after this. Where else was there left to go after Eau Sauvage? That's a question still waiting for an answer 50+ years later.
They they could just make this last longer.

It smells amazing. Perfect. Classic. Unfortunately it just disappears from my skin after 45 minutes.
There isn't much point in going into detail here..this fantastic scent has been reviewed and screwtanised to death ..all I will say is that to me it represents a piece of history, very much like adp colonia and chanel pour monsier and many more. With regards to its performance. ..if this fragrance was a beast or projected like a lunatic it would change the whole dynamic , and for me part of its charm is its lightness and airyness. I read somewhere that John lennon enjoyed this scent , Wether that's true or not isn't proven, but it's funny to think of him wearing this in bed with yoko in Amsterdam for a week. Generally speaking I see this scent as a piece of timeless sophistication that feels fresh and thankfully light.  

Iconic in its stature and been around for ages.  I have a vintage version before the Oak Moss was stripped out.  ES is soft, warm and inviting.  Classic Eau du Cologne structure with more emphasis on the herbs (Rosemary and Basil) than most.  Like most EdC’s, it doesn’t last (about 3 hours).  I find the base a bit lacking but perhaps that comes with the EdC territory.  There’s better EdC’s out there, namely Acqua di Parma’s Colonia & Assoluta but ES is still worthy of attention.   

7/10
Another review of Eau Sauvage because… At some point the scent needs to be evaluated for what it is, in comparison to other available fragrances, rather than in comparison with the memories (or aging bottles) of a vintage formulation. I would also underscore that the version of Eau Sauvage I’m reviewing is François Demachy’s post 2011ish reformulation (lighter colour, magnetic cap), which in fact had much better longevity than a NIB bottle of the 2009 formulation (oakmoss listed on the box, but weaker, flatter & shorter-lived) picked up at Sephora last year. 

There’s not really any point in listing the notes: educate your nose and you can detect everything listed in an extended pyramid (the one BN lists plus things like iris, caraway, etc.), enjoying the lucid note separation while you’re at it. What’s key is not the notes but the blending… Following the initial citric burn, the balance is smooth and dynamic, with an elegant, trailing drydown. The great features of this composition that are part of its legend (a vivifying citrus, a watery freshness, a second-skin ‘sweat’ accord athwart the expected classical balance) are all there, as translated from old school reviews to what’s right under your nose. There are synthetics here, but unlike some fragrances that whine, buzz or rasp recklessly, the texture overall is graceful, and a little shabby in the most elegant possible way. Speaking of elegance, the 3.4 ounce bottle is a piece of Platonic pleasure that fits well in your hand, the metal label, like a nameplate outside an apartment in a very good neighborhood still presents Dior’s Christian name (sorry for the pun), and the atomizer is generous and efficient.

Final notes: Complaints about longevity should be read with some skepticism as the possible products of past history and knee-jerk repetition. I’ve only been into this hobby for a few years, but most things I’ve tried act just like this, if I am lucky: 1-2 hours of good projection on post-shower skin, followed by a drydown that lasts 4-6 hours on skin and 6-8 hours on the collar of my shirt. Eau Sauvage reactivates crisply with body heat and smells affectingly natural lining the skin at the end of a working day. It reapplies very effectively at the cocktail hour and will last the rest of the night if you decide to take it into the evening. Observations based on several bottles? This macerates (ages) better than most of what I’ve tried, new or vintage: my bottles have firmed up beautifully in just about six months, gaining a bit more punch in terms of both strength and longevity; if it feels too fleeting, shelve it for a season or two and try again. 

Why all the fuss? If you are looking for compliments, they’re there to be had, but this is also one of the best educations in fragrance composition your designer-level dollars can buy. As a meeting point of art and entertainment, beauty, versatility and reliability, it holds its place in the present as both signature and statement.

Initial citrus blast, somewhat synthetic in aspect, but still pleasant. This was followed with ten minutes or so by a woodsy note that almost smelled like rosewood to me. I really enjoyed this addition. I should say the woodsy rosewood smell "joined", not followed, because the citrus didn't leave. It was still there as well, and they worked well together to produce a very nice combination of notes that was very enjoyable. After three hours or so, Eau Sauvage started to develop a soapy smell which became the dominant note, but the citrus and wood also persisted. It was a nice "clean", "fresh" soapy note, not overpowering or headache inducing in any way. It struck me as a nice "Dove" soap smell. I'm now at twelve and a half hours post application, it's a nice skin scent and I'm still picking up the citrus, wood, and soap aspects. This is the first Dior product that I've cared for of the ones I've tried. A very enjoyable fragrance and Eau Sauvage is definitely a permanent addition to my wardrobe. It's amazing that this fragrance was created in 1966! A testament to great perfuming! 
I have nothing new or particularly profound to say about Eau Sauvage that hasn't already been said. I recently "rediscovered" it after a very prolonged hiatus. There have no doubt been many reformulations between my first bottle and the one I recently acquired. Can I call the current version a carbon copy of the vintage? Of course not. My memory isn't that good. What I can say is that my renewed acquaintance immediately evoked old memories in the uncanny way that only scent can do. For that reason I call this a successful reinterpretation of what started out as, and to my nose remains, an iconic masculine fragrance. Rejoins my shortlist of must-haves.
Holiday scents #8 - Dior Eau Sauvage

Because the world needs another review of Eau Sauvage... I'll kepp this brief. Terrific, genre-defining chypre full of well-balanced bergamot and lavender. I understand that the modern version has lost the oakmoss component, retaining a dose of vetiver for the woody base. Immediately fresh and familiar, I'm not sure what the oakmoss would add. No doubt those with more mileage could say. 

One thing it might add would be a boost to longevity, as my sample was seriously underpowered. To be as fair as possible, I attribute some of this to the small size of the sample sprayer, and I suspect a proper size atomiser would lead to better results. 

Therefore, an enthusiastic but provisional thumbs up until such time that I can re-test under more propitious conditions. Until then, caveat emptor, but there are no caveats in my mind about the ongoing relevance and importance of this fragrance. 
I have a decant of vintage Eau Sauvage, and I am a fan. It is a lemony scent, with a suave underpinning of soapiness. 
A classic citrus/spicy fougere that is light and refreshing but bold and masculine at the same time, Christian Dior Eau Sauvage is a men's staple along the lines of Chanel Pour Monsieur EDT, a creation that almost seems to defy traditional descriptors. With Eau Sauvage, you smell like a mid century man, or at least as I imagine my grandfathers at the time, since they wore fragrances that sure smelled like Eau Sauvage, Pour Monsieur, Aramis, etc. well into my childhood.

I get out of Eau Sauvage mainly an opening of lemon and bergamot with lavender that lasts hours into the life of the fragrance, where it mixes with cumin,  sandalwood, and patchouli. I don't get the basil in the opening nor rose in the heart but it's fascinating to see the complexity of this on paper (as in its note breakdown) while enjoying its actual complex smell.  My experience is dominated by the lavender.

Performance-wise, it opens very strongly and projects for about an hour before becoming a milder skin scent, which makes it very office-friendly. Certainly it leans toward warm weather usage but it can be used with more sprays in the winter given its spicy and woody features.

At $59 for 100ml or $83 for 200ml on FragranceNet (usually home to the best deals), Eau Sauvage has held its value very well but nevertheless remains a good deal. Clearly this could be in a man's top-5 list most essential, versatile fragrance. Simply a classic.

8 out of 10 
Eau Sauvage, the lemony  slightly dirty masterpiece of Edmond Roudnitska retains its timeless character and similarity to the 1968 original.  The brilliance of this creation is the combination of ingredients that creates a totally unique Eau Sauvage aroma that is greater than the sum of its parts.  It is lemony, herbal with rosemary and vetiver all carried upon a hedione backbone which retains a bit of the jasmine indole for a light dry musky but memorable basenote. Once recognized you will recall the uniqueness of Eau Sauvage.  It is not my favorite lemon eau de cologne fragrance, but the contrasts and character are memorable and pleasing by its familiarity.
This was Steve McQueen's personal favourite...and I can see why. Fine lemon with a touch of vetiver, a tad powdery. To my nose it smells dated, reminds me of something nice but I can't remember what! Not overpowering, it's just right. Sort of lemon trees, green grass and a summer breeze in mind. Maybe an 18-hole game of golf, then afterwards a shower and change in the locker room, before heading to the clubhouse bar for a drink on the rocks. Eau Sauvage has that vibe.
Loved the classy, masculine opening, found the middle pleasant, but the end was just ho-hum. My nose is by no means refined, but the drydown reminded me of a smoother Terre D'Hermes. TdH gives me a headache after half a day, so this was not the ending I was hoping for. I had such high hopes for the first few hours, but it just didn't come together enough for me to consider a purchase. Still, Eau Sauvage gets a thumbs up for everything it does right. It stayed relatively close on me throughout the later half the day, which is what I like in a fragrance. 
Brilliant formal fragrance.  As SJG3839 notes, this is lemon and Vetiver done very well.  

Adults only.
My first bottle of Cologne, 1968.
Same year as Bullitt. It was a beautiful Rosemary prominent citrus, hedione centric dream, anchored with a healthy dose of Natural Oakmoss and Vetiver.
It has been altered, reformulated gently over the years and is one that has weathered the storm somewhat intact. You really only notice the difference when side by side with Vintage where there is a better quality Citrus and Oakmoss adds depth and some longevity. Sandalwood was used up into the late 80's, but is non-existent now. A touch of Calonic airiness has taken residence.
Today's retains enough of the original structure. I get closer to the first by using an Oakmoss flavoured Shaving Cream and a tiny dot of Jasmine Absolute to the chest. My Queen makes comment.
To drive that Mustang would be dreamy. 
Lemon and vetiver done right. Very safe fragrance as well. 8/10
Perfection.  Everything is juuuuussst riiiight. Nothing too sharp, or too floral, too sweet, or too strong, or too thin.  Everything in balance, including a subtle skin/musk effect. Always appropriate and comfortable, transcends sex and age.



The soap is wonderful too.
Citing the 213 reviewers before me:

A gentleman's cologne that has stood the test of time.

Masterpiece. 
A timeless classic. Truly a masterpiece that will always stand the test of time. Precious and simple, a perfect scent suitable for every occasion.
I just received my first bottle of Eau Sauvage by Dior. I don't even know how to begin my praise for this classic men's fragrance. It is by far one of the loveliest scents I have yet to experience. I immediately thought of this as a cleaner, lemon version of the iconic Eau d'Hermes by Hermes--in a way. I highly recommend this to anyone who likes Eau d'Hermes and/or 4711. In fact, aside from 4711, this is what I wear more than anything else in my collection.
Salutation.

This scent is a Necessity in the Collection of the GENTLEMAN of Style, A Real scent for a real DIOR fan that After all these years It still gets favorable comments from the Ladies and I don't think that Someone could find it Unpleasant. Classy,Classic,Fresh, Adorable,Aromatic,Distinctive,Subtle and Virile.

It blends a scent of Pure innocence with the Exotic nature of precious Wood and the Sophistication of a Great fragrance.The Citrusy opening of Lemon, Bergamot and Fruity notes is Luminous and fresh,Middle notes is Aromatic and Lovely and Finally a Woody and Masculine in the base.

This DIOR EDT is really a Great SUMMER fragrance.It is a very Pleasant scent for EVERYDAY and OFFICE use. I definitely Recommend it to a Man 30/50 years with a good sense of Style That who wants to Stand out.A EVERGREEN fragrance indeed.

Sillage?Ok.

Longevity?Acceptable for a Citrus Aromatic.

7.75/10
The modern reinterpretation has a close vibe to the original Armani Pour Homme. This cologne is a true gentleman's cologne which would be perfectly suitable as a "signature scent" as it exudes character with high pedigree. Class in a bottle. Timeless. Steve Mcqueen chose Eau Savage as his "signature scent" and that in itself speaks volumes about this modern day reinterpretation of a scent that has stood the test of time.
Hands down the fragrance I have worn the most over the last five years.   As I have gotten into my late 40's I've found that I like the classic fragrances more and more, and Eau Sauvage is at the very top of my list.  The soft lemon/rose top notes make it smell great upon application.  The lemony scent lingers but never dominates like so many aquas and synthetics you find in your local department stores.   The basil and vetiver base with the lemon trace are absolutely timeless IMO.   

Eau Sauvage will never overwhelm and sillage and longevity are average.  Great scent for the office, weekend or any occaision where you want a classic masculine fragrance that has lower projection but timeless appeal.

10/10
This enduring classic is perfect in many ways--fresh citrus, a floral heart done right and vetiver to anchor everything.  Over the years I have worn this and always marvel at how good it is.  I particularly like the aftershave balm. There is a real freshness to it but a masculine sensuality that is freshly showered and beautifully dressed and ready for action.  Great warm weather scent; fresh but with the underlying smell of humanity that French fragrances do so well.  A man wearing Eau Sauvage will never feel out of place, out of time or out of luck.  It is timeless, manly and just plain good.  The advertising over the years has been really wonderful and it has supported several flankers which is not always desirable but in this case underscores just how good the core offering is.  Beloved by Sloane Rangers, Preppies, boys and girls, women and men everywhere.  I think it is safe to say that this classic will be with us forever.   
A citrus explosion that is my feeling, after 30 minutes maybe less lavender appears giving a floral touch, then evolves into a woody chypre where the oak moss becomes present, these accords make this fragrance become very vintage, was a great surprise, this will be the first of many bottles !!
This is my 5th or 6th bottle as well. I keep coming back to it because it's got everything I like. Very subdued, never been asked by passers by what cologne I'm wearing. That's okay. I like that. When I walk back into my office and get a whiff of what I sprayed on my coat earlier in the day, it makes me happy. 

I have the big 6.8 spray sitting on my dresser, in front of that are two tall ribbed bottles with the fancy bell shaped cap. A 3.4oz splash, Then a small 1/2oz bottle full of the vintage stuff I bought for as a reference.

As most of you know already, the vintage stuff is what really delivers the goods. The depth of the citrus in the beginning is downright intoxicating. If you find yourself reading reviews on basenotes for eau sauvage, I probably don't need to tell you to track down your very own example of the vintage juice.

The recent version of this stuff is pretty watered down. I don't think you could possibly spray too much. I give myself a good 2-3 spray several times thru out the day. You'll kill a single 3.4oz bottle in no time. 

All and all, I give it a thumbs up. Not great in terms of longevity or sillage..if that's what you're into. 
This is bottle Nr 6 i received today!

And i also had the vintage juice back in the day.

The citrussy topnotes on the current version stays a long time with me i noticed.

Maybe it has something to do with the spray mechanism they used on the 200ml bottle it sprays a bit more than the older bottles i had.

The current formulation suits me very well the little oakmoss that was a little more noticable in the vintage juice is tamed down in the current version.

In a good way the old version was indeed more Sauvage but with the current formulation the only thing i can think of is pure classleading performance!

This is not a sillage monster but a very refined and well balanced scent that projects class in a subtle way.

If youre looking for a bang for buck solution on this scent buy the 200ml (6.8 OZ)spray version of the EDT.

It reminds me of a EDC by the way but one that stays a good 8hrs and 6 hrs close to the skin.

Thumbs up!
Okay I really like this one a lot. It does what I wanted Creed Bois de Cedrat to do. It's fresh all the way. The citrus and rosemary work well together but the Basil and Vetiver freshen it up to keep it from being like medicine. To me this could be used anytime or anywhere. It's not too light or too strong. Highly recommended.

This is a hit with the ladies in Kochi, India.

Up there with Boss Bottled as a head turner.
I grew up with my dad wearing Eternity throughout my entire childhood. My mom was highly irritated by most frags however eternity she loved. To this day I always have a bottle on hand. Nobody will ever say eww you smell awful nor will the women be crawling all over you. Eternity is very pleasent and fresh and great for the office or occasions such. I no longer wear it as much however when i do i still get the "oh you smell nice" from someone.
It's going to be hard for me to try and review this objectively, as I wore this stuff as a young teenager and smelling it gives me automatic flashbacks to that time, and as is usual during times of reminiscence, the memories are good.

I first bought this on a cruise ship that was headed to Bermuda when I was thirteen.  We were at sea, and looking for things to do, I must have wandered into the clothing shop, and I ended up buying a bottle.    This was the first "fragrance" that I really liked and owned.  As I got older, I wrote it off as popular dreck -- as people in their twenties and thirties are wont to do when they feel that they have come to know everything -- as I believed that I was above all of that stuff that the uneducated commoners would wear (I was basically believing in the type of pseudo-elitism that Creed and some other niche houses have made a mint on propagating).  Now that I'm more mature and have my head screwed on a bit tighter than before, I can appreciate this for what it is and what impact it had.

This is a calone bomb with other supporting actors.  A sandalwood base holds it down while lavender and calone take the main stage, with everything else seeming to be set dressing.  This fragrance is so indicative of the time period, and so long as you can keep that in mind and appreciate what Eternity for Men is, and just as importantly, when it came out, it all makes sense and it succeeds at what it does.  In the '80s you could find guys wearing Bijan for Men (1981), but now that smells like an out of place relic.  One that, if still worn today, is the property of a collector who appreciates the past, or somebody woefully trapped in it.  Eternity is still very accessible, and though it definitely harkens to a different era, it's still enjoyable to wear and it's still something that can be pulled off today without seeming like you've made a quantum leap into the wrong year.

On it's own, it's okay, but in the fragrance world there are some "reference pieces" that everyone should experience, and this is certainly one of them.   Yes, I'm biased to it, but that's the beauty of art; it can transport you to another time and place.

Thumbs up.
The overarching of Eternity is green and botanical for all eternity, or at least until the end. Additional freshness is provided initially by an infusion of an orangey citrus that is quite pleasant. 

Soon a nice lavender arises, and together with a good touch of basil continues the green theme, occasionally with a slightly grassy touch.

The base has a nonspecific woodsy undertone, what seems to have become more generic over the years, and is suspicious of some reformulation over time. There is a slash of a slightly anaemic vetiver evident to brighten up the final stages. 

I get moderate sillage, good projection and five hours of longevity on my skin.  

Overall an agreeable spring scent, which originally was composed of decent-quality ingredients.  Having been a staple of mine for years, I could not fail to note a movement towards becoming blander over time, with the top notes deteriorating the least.  3.5/5 for the original impression, now 3.25/5.  
This fragrance I still like to a degree.In my eyes as cheap as Eternity for Men is now? that's the logical price tag.$70 for this back in the day was offering an 'innovative' scent as one of the original fresh scents in 1989 along with Claiborne for Men.

From Eternity for Men I don't get any basil or sage...but I do vetiver.Very transparent citrus and white soapy lavender fizzed with a slightly aldehydic edge attacking the grassy vetiver and leaving their trail behind as they spread cleanliness throughout.Sandalwood compliments a faint warmth to this which I think without it? could show more edge...but it's a calming touch to Eternity.Something in the mid between the vetiver soapy side and the sandalwood...it's a little fruity sweet and transparent.Comes off grape candy and/or melon sweet...it's 'Calone'.Mixed thoughts about this synthetic note but the exact shaping of it doesn't make me think it suits the fragrance. I'm thinking a little leather would have been the perfect substitute.

A decent fragrance that's now pretty affordable. Good for any kind of wear really because it's inoffensive. It is easy to get bored from though because it's bitter and bright green. It's easy to reach for but also makes you hesitate to reach for something darker and deeper in a men's fragrance. I'll give a thumbs up because I still like it and it is nostalgic.


Calvin Klein nearly has the ubiquity and brand appeal of Coca-Cola in the United States, and it's mostly due to this scent, both in it's previously-released original feminine version and this masculine variant that appeared a few years later. The name "Eternity" has proved apt, particularly for the masculine variety, as it's spawned countless flankers and is one of the most commonly-sniffed-in-public male fragrances around, even nearly 30 years after it's launch. Obsession for Men (1986) might be the romantic standard for the CK masculines, but Eternity is the nine to five workweek staple. Eternity wasn't the first "freshie" as perfume hobbyists like to affectionately call all things in this or it's adjacent categories, but it was the first of it's type with enough mainstream brand power to truly make an impact on the masculine fragrance scene of the late 1980's, setting up what would be a 90's revolution hotly contested on it's merits by collectors and fans of male scent to this day. In short, Eternity was the final push that started the big kill-off of all previous conventions in male-targeted perfumery. Creed's Green Irish Tweet (1985) is probably the first sufficiently-documented example of a fresh fragrance, but it was just too exclusive, too expensive, and too niche (at the time), but was followed up some years later by Davidoff's Cool Water (1988), which smelled as the name sounds and became a huge contrast against a backdrop of all the oakmoss and patchouli-heavy "powerhouses" that choked up offices in the decade. Even Cool Water wasn't indeed "for everyone" as some people just weren't ready for an out-and-out aquatic, nor did Davidoff have the star power behind it that CK wielded. Little did anyone realize what kind of a tidal shift in masculine fragrance paradigms this would cause, and that shift would only just start to fade in favor of yet another set of values after 3 decades. The secret to the success of this scent is unarguably it's resurrection of the time-honored lavender and geranium pairing seen countless times throughout the Victorian age, then again in mid-century drugstore cologne or after shave. These two elements became muddled and downright befuddled after the 1960's started heaping aromatics like spice rack greens, rose, carnation, pine, various woods, and musks, giving rise to the much more macho fougères that segued into the very powerhouses that this scent rendered extinct. Funny how it all comes full circle huh?

Eternity for Men entered the mainstream fragrance-buying market like a wrecking ball, with billboard ads and magazine inserts, commercials and samples galore. It wasn't just an aquatic or fresh scent; the third chapter in Calvin's masculine scent story was married to classic fougère notes, yet didn't contain tonka or oakmoss as was previously considered a prerequisite for the genre. Love it or hate it, Eternity is a clever smell made by an equally clever perfumer who's creations have molded the evolution of the craft, namely Carlos Benaim. Yes, we're talking the same guy who bequeathed us Ralph Lauren's iconic pine and moss blast known as Polo (1978), and also went on to make 4 more Polo flankers including a remake of the original, the also-icon Polo Blue (2002), and has for all intents and purposes remained a house perfumer for Calvin Klein to boot. He knew taking something deep-rooted and familiar, then twisting it with the new and the daring was the only way to ease the transition for people still clinging to their bottles of Kouros (1981). Almost everyone loves the aforementioned lavender, geranium, and other such barbershop staples. Eternity opens much as one might expect from this genre by now: a strong whiff of calone (under the guise of "green botantics") carries subtle orange and lavender notes, keying in a telltale sweet astringency anchored by just a touch of the familiar to keep it from being repugnant, before melting into layers of commonly-used herbs and florals in the middle, then finalizing with the aforementioned sandalwood, vetiver, amber, and rosewood in finishing touches. The high-contrast calone note is the real "eternity" of this one, despite being a top note, as it never goes away thanks to it's binding with lavender in the heart. Anyone familiar with the preceding Aramis take on the genre known as New West (1988) will instantly understand what an enduring calone note is like (even if New West is more melon-y), and can already predict half of this juice's performance. New West was just too sweet and juicy for the mainstream, and despite technically beating Eternity to the punch on the idea, isn't really quite as universally appealing, since it didn't try tying anything familiar into it's fresh formula. All the other ingredients here, however natural and reassuring, surf on a shimmering wave of said calone, a suspension of notes which comes to define Eternity for Men more than anything else about it. 

There's a lot of sentiment attached to this one, in part due to it's insane popularity, and in part due to the changes in style it caused that made many a man mourn the loss of his previously-favorite fragrance. Like anything that causes a massive changing of the guard, there are those who resent it for abolishing the old ways, and those who embrace it as the start of -their own- set of traditions. For certain, it ranks up there with Acqua di Gio (1996) as one of the most-worn masculines ever. The antediluvian types will always throw stones at this as some sort of Antichrist in a bottle (indeed seeing the designer itself as such a devil), since it marked the final days of their favorite aromatics, musks, or powerhouses; it caused a death further asserted by CK's own continued foray into synthetics that started a 90's trend which made heavier scents taboo, then eulogized by 2011 IFRA restriction on treemoss and oakmoss. The house of Calvin Klein himself would seemingly become obsessed with the artifice on display here for years to come, creating what I call "The Age of Eternity" and using impressionistic "Kleinisms" in place of real notes going forward. Gen X'ers and Millenials who discovered this first will have the same nostalgia trip out of it that those older dudes get from a bottle of something from Paco Rabanne or Bogart, and I sit squarely in the middle because my tastes are far broader than the lot of them (as they are in most areas). I'll concede that it pushes a lot of most-common-denominator buttons, and Mr. Benaim was likely intent on having it do just that, but I'm not sure if it was the beginning of some scheme to convince guys "bland was better" to make it easier to sell more cheaply-made stuff for the same designer price. I just think it was a back-to-basics kind of scent with no expectation of the revolution it caused, and the trajectory of CK's designs going forward was just as much a reaction to the success of Eternity as designs from any other house in it's wake. Eternity is a spring or summer inoffensive office scent, and it's honestly not a bad choice because it's just such a simple lavender, geranium, and sandalwood composition once you cut out all the fluff. There isn't a lick of romance or scandal to it, but neither is there to most of the older barbershop fougères it plagiarizes. I see it too as more of a reaction rather than an initiative, and reactions often beget more reactions, and after 30 years of ripples, here we are, stuck in Eternity. 
Just a nice pleasant old school fresh scent, still like it after all these years!
I had first tried this in a holiday sampler pack that came bundled with this as well as Obsession, Escape, and CK One. While I liked them all this was probably my third favorite of the bunch behind CK One and Obsession. This one starts out sort of smelling like a glade plugin air freshener. The longer you wear it it gives way to a kind of green and woody scent. This one is kind of a sweet and sour cologne. Some days I can get this one to last longer and on those days it retains it's sweet scent other days it gets a little sour and the scent fades faster. Overall a decent fragrance considering you can get a small bottle at Walmart for under $25. I think it lasts longer and is best suited for warmer days.
A great scent from Calvin Klein!  Eternity definitely is noticed by others whenever I wear it, and I've been complimented several times.

Eternity is a classy, pungent cologne that has shimmering layers of spiciness, aquatics, citrus, and warmth from the lavender and geranium.  One friend commented on smelling Bay rum in the fragrance; it's not in the official scent triangle, but I think he was on point.  

I haven't smelled the vintage vs. newer formulation, so I can't make any comparisons as other basenotes have so aptly done.  But overall, Eternity is an understated legend that's worth a try.

 Long ago I avoided reviewing this and several other fragrances simply because they had plenty enough reviews already. Now I feel compelled to throw in my two cents because of how my perception has changed over the years. Until now I never quite realized how very 80's the heart and base are, losing myself in the lavender and calone opening. But the bitter greens and white florals, on closer inspection, are more akin to scents like the original Burberrys than the wave of herbaceous aquatics that followed Eternity's release. Heck, I never even noticed there was vetiver in this composition until today. I have always liked Calvin Klein despite their many shortcomings (CK Free and Encounter spring immediately to mind), and Mr. Klein and I share a birthday (Yippee!), and I feel this release deserves its level of fame- It is synthetic yet potent, a bit screechy if over-sprayed, but is layered and nuanced in a way which seems to be fading from the common release. My one caveat is that the current version in production is -maybe- 65 percent the strength of the original.
   Thumbs up for the original creation and a watered down neutral for the schlock currently on the shelves.
A one more example of the fragrance that is ruined by a reformulation.  Both longevity and sillage has gone. So I'm reviewing the vintage Eternity for men which I have purchased several bottles. That's the original CK Cosmetics version and somewhere in the mid 2000's the Unilever version. (the reformulated current version being the Coty Prestige one.) Ca. 50% of my purchased bottles had turned bad, and I'm left with 3 good vintage bottles. They smell amazingly good and different from the current formula. Much more potent! Based on my own experiences, i'd say Eternity turns relatively easily bad - a word of warning to any other possible vintage hunters. 

I find this a refreshing and comforting woody aromatic which has especially very nice sort of sharp top citrus notes (lemon, mandarin, bergamot).  The lavender is excellent here. The citruses are not at any phase too dominant. Aloof, clear, sharp, herbal, aromatic. In the middle notes I find an aspect of beautiful sadness/melancholy. Don't know where it exactly comes from, maybe the lavender-other florals-vetiver combo (?). Corresponds well with the name Eternity.  For me this works best as a good needed change after some heavier, sweeter, powerhouse fragrances.  The times when one needs lighter, refreshing, comforting, cooling, maybe even a bit sporty fragrance. It's not aquatic though, which is a big plus for me.  For those who search for compliments, this one works in that sense. Strictly masculine, I find nothing unisex or feminine here.  The base woods are vetiver, sandalwood and rosewood.

I go with 3-4 sprays of which one to the arm(s), the rest to neck-chest area. As for vintage Eternity, there's no need to spray more, you'll get noticed by others - and in a positive way! One extra spray from long distance to shirt, or spray to the air and "walk through the mist" is a good idea.  Works well as an office scent. Afaik it's not so popular any more (versus in the 90's) - it may offer a certain amount of individuality.


Salutation.

ETERNITY is my favorite fragrance of the CK in my coleection.it is my fragrance while i was in the university and all friends were loving me because of my lovely aromatic fougere and i still love it.

In my opinion the fragrance smells so different.it is a kind fragrances a man should wear it with chic style.not sharp fruity for me It opens with a fresh scent with some mild citrus noses.

I think it is suitable for every age and every taste because it is really clean and beautiful scent..delightful composition and perfect for spring days and very long losting.

7.75/10 

Well I fell in love with Eternity in 1992. It has a special place among other fragrances I use. My now wife liked the scent before we even met. Somehow it does work on me, although lately they have been experimenting and it looks like thy have toned down the cologne. I still like the lavender in it. Good for daily wear.
As other said, i agree that Eternity is a classic and timeless. A must have to everyone that likes fragrances. But looks like it had been reformulated lately, which turned in to a very weak version if compared to the 90's version. 
Smells like a watery citrus. I could see why this was popular in its day. It smells appealing, not fresh but still very good. Try it!

Scent 8
Longevity 4
Sillage 4
A classic fragrance.  Citrus based, works best in warm weather.  Everyone recognizes it.  Lasts exceptionally long.  which is good in warm weather. 
Still love this one.  Not sure if its partially boosted by sentimentality, but love the notes and memories it brings.  Good longevity and projection.  There's a reason it's so popular and popularity often brings a scent down.  Still a thumbs up.
Oh...Every time I smell it. I am surprised.It is really enjoyable for me.
Creamy and soapy along these years, yet not an obsolete fragrance. it may have been overused for several years but it is not, for today. I have not smelled something like that. Soapy but not ambery(for example not like prada amber ph), not vetiver like(for example not like tom ford grey vetiver), just a green herbal soap, slightly walking on a rope but not falling down. Sage, basil, lavender and some citrus dominating the sequence, it is a non offending gentle fragrance. Nothing sexy about it ok, but being sexy lies behind very attitude of yourself... 

It was very difficult for me to smell this fragrance again. Eternity was once a scent that made me comfortable, happy, dizzy and head over heels in love. However, smelling this fragrance now only makes me sad and nostalgic.

My first love wore Eternity every day. For almost four years and most of my teenage years, Eternity was more than just a cologne. 

This cologne is citrusy, fresh, clean and masculine. It's not outright sexy, it's more of a subtle sexy scent. A man that wears Eternity is a man that is kind and someone you can trust. 

The blend of citruses with the herbs and flowers are beautiful and comforting. I could spend hours just cuddling up to a man wearing this scent without getting a headache or feeling nauseous. 

Many men may be discouraged from buying this because it's so popular, yet I don't think it's popularity should deter them. I don't know of any woman that dislikes this cologne, so it is guaranteed to please.

It's a shame that this fragrance has too many memories connected to it. I would love to be able to enjoy this scent for what it is and not be reminded of the past. But I guess that's the beauty of scent recognition.


This was the first cologne ive smelled and ever since iv'e loved it. Its my signature scent and I'll always have this one. Its innofensive, green, and soapy. Great summer/ spring scent. I'd give it a 8.5/10
Eternity for men. A fresh fougere with a warm, sandalwood dry-down. Smells like that bada** older cousin who used to get into a lot of trouble with his leather jacket and du Maurier cigarettes, but is now trying to set a good example for the kids.
My favorite cologne from my high school/early college years, when I mostly wore Gap, Polo, and A&F.  Works anytime, with any outfit.  Definitely for the younger crowd.
Eternity for Men was launched in 1989.  It is a great classic fragrance and lasts really well.  Recommended for every day wear.
Nice citrus opening then mellows to what I’ll call a seductive scent.  I used Eternity exclusively back in the 90’s but spent the last 10 years with other newer, highly rated colognes.  On a whim, I purchased a bottle and WOW!!  I almost forgot just how incredible this stuff is.  It’s back as my number one cologne!   This cologne is simply magic.  In the past 2 days I’ve received several complements, most from the ladies.  Longevity is excellent.  Ladies love it!  Classic!
A classic for sure. I don't know how anyone could argue that this scent is dated. The name is a perfect example of the fragrance. Eternal. This smell brings back a lot of memories from high school. My dad gave me a bottle when I was 14 (this was my first cologne ever) and I loved the smell. I wore it everyday. Girls loved it and guys were jealous. Now that i'm in my mid twenties I probably wouldn't wear this but I sure do like to smell it from time to time to get that dejavu feeling again. Great fragrance.
Eternity for Men by Calvin KleinIn my opinion, this is a fresh, masculine, minty, citrus, versatile, long lasting, good, office, modern, fougere, metallic, musky, oceanic, clean, easy to over do, green, average, quite common, spring/summer,underated sexy and unique fragrance.It starts off with a nice alcohol note, then the alcohol gets mixed with green notes, quickly followed by a mandarine note. This fragrance also has oceanic notes.It smells like the sea. That's all I feel. I may have a problem with my sense of smell, but that is all, from start to end, except that in the end it has a subtle musk note.When the base notes appear, I may feel some woody notes, but I am really not sure about that. Anyway, this feels (almost) the same from start to end.This green liquid is actually not as common smelling as you might think. In my opinion, this is a unique fragrance. You only need to smell it once carefully and after some time you will still be able to distinguish it. If you walk on a highly crowded streed and someone passes you, then you will still be able to distinguish this. I can't understand how something so common and mass produced can smell unique. It's not the same case with Cool Water. Everybody knows how that smells.That's why Eternity might be good as a signature scent.About the longevity, Eternity has a very good longevity on me, but not always.I remember that one day I used this fragrance at 9 AM and still felt it at 10 or 11 PM. I wanted to be sure about that, so I asked my mother if she can still smell it.She said "yes". On other occasions, I could not smell it after 6 hours. When I go to the Black Sea, every week, I really enjoy the smell of Eternity mixed with the smell of the sea. It creates a special atmosphere. This lasts an average 8-10 hours on me.After 6 hours, it slowly begins to fade out. The "fade-out" takes 6 hours too.I never had problems with this fragrance. I know you don't believe me, but it never ever gave me a headache. It smelles strong, on some rare occasions, but it still did not gave me a headache. I don't know why. The projection is good. I even had some surprises on a few wears, where people said they can feel it from far away. One guy even said that I smell exactly like if I took a shower or something.This may be the best CK fragrance, in my opinion, but, when you buy it, please, don't expect something very good. You might not like it, so please, don't buy it blind, because they allways have it at ANY perfumery. You should rather expect an average cologne. In any case, this is way better then Acqua di Gio. Also, for the average consumer, I tell you this: If you over apply Eternity, then it is bye bye. You won't like it any more after that experience. I also want to say that Eternity is a cheap fragrance. You can easilly afford it, and you get what you paid for.How many sprays should you use: 1 or 2 in an interview or meeting, and 3 when you go for a walk or on a trip. The same quantity (3 sprays) can be used on a date.Only a hardcore fragrance man should use 4 sprays. So remember: 2 or 3 sprays.I said this because Eternity can project like crazy when over done.Based on the ratings on basenotes, Eternity by Calvin Klein has:43% -> thumbs up31% -> neutral26% -> negativeSo, overall, this fragrance is something from good to average. Ratings:The Smell: 7 (smells too simple for me)Longevity: 8.5 (if all fragrances last this much, then I am very happy)Projection: 8 (good projection, but over done it becomes exagerated)Originality: 8 (has a unique vibe)Price/Quality: 8.5 (great buy, you get what you paid for)Impression: 8 (the best CK scent)Final rating: 8Age group: teenagers and studentsThat's all, folks !Have a great day !Jimi Hendrix
a strong, synthetic fougere. may be headaching yes i agree. but the more time I tried to spent with this frag, it smelt more beautiful. authentic, unique, monster sillage, nice longevity, and a 'heavenly' dry down. the dry down is what makes this fragrance called "Eternity"
Maybe it is a bit soapy, but I like it. Nice fresh smell, ladies like it and I cannot stop smelling it. Great for spring/summer/daily wear and work.
This has to be the best all-round fragrance in fragrance history. And the safest. If you don't want to spend more than a 1 minute choosing a perfume, go with this one. Green notes dominate the top - but in a extremely mellow, soapy way - then the sweet woods take it to an even higher level.  It has to be one of the most "clean" of all green fragrances I know. It lasts well above the average and the sillage is very, very good. My favourite CK.P.S: Women go absolutely wild with this stuff!
Initial projection can be potent  (blame the green botanics...?) so take care. The frag does evolve into a clean descent masculine frag....Quite strong on longevity it's good quality frag in my opinion...generic but ok....give it a try. 
an excellent cologne, i really like it, and so do others. its pretty old cuz its been around for a long time and alot ofppl know about it so if u wanna stand out you probably wont cuz many ppl know how this cologne smells like. its definitely great. 
a classic, all-time,all-around fragrance. the best ever made by ck. i used to use one back in the days.

I couldn't not describe a gourmand and not use a food reference so here it goes. First blast is a lemon merengue pie fresh out of the icebox. Thick lemon curd with a caramelized sugar topping. But it soon fades. Way to soon. The fresh lemon fades into an earl grey tea note. Im left with a sweet but not cloying fragrance. Nice, comforting but leaves me wanting more of the sweet and sour lemon opening.
Unknown Pleasures is uncanny, unlike any other citrus OR gourmand that I've smelled previously.  It walks the line of a citrus bomb of lemon and bergamot as well as a sweet overload of waffle cone and a host of other gourmand notes.

Comparisons to lemon pie, a lemon icee, or any other sort of lemon dessert / confection are pretty fair.  It actually reminds me of cotton candy to some extent, the citrus influence notwithstanding.  I get a decent amount of the waffle cone aspect rather than vanilla or tonka, so it lands somewhere between lemon gelato and candy.

Performance is strong, not quite as strong as Copper Skies or Follow, but certainly worthwhile for a fragrance that I'd say you need to love in order to buy at $140 for 100ml.

8 out of 10
"Ooooh What's that? That's LOVELY!"

The boyfriend. Never comments. The boyfriend is the most asnomic person I have ever met. The only other perfumes he has ever complimented unbidden are Vanille Absolutement by L'Artisan and Putain du Palaces by Etat Libre d'Orange. Given I have about 50 frags in my wardrobe at any one time, sometimes changing my perfume twice a day, and that I test-drive handfuls of samples about twice week and he doesn't seem to notice, means that the odds of this exciting occurrence happening are very low. Very low indeed.

You could argue Unknown Pleasures is a little bit obvious. The initial blast of lemon curd hits hard and then the gooey-gourmand syrupy-sweetness of maple sweeps in with tooth-aching levels of sugar over the vanilla-vanilla-vanilla. I didn't want to like it but I find it strangely addictive. 

I've been layering it with more earthy pleasures such as Patchouli Antique by Les Nereides, and Fleur Poudree de Musc (discontinued) by the same house to give it a bit more base...but still, that first spritz of Unknown Pleasures always garners compliments from my bloke.

Sometimes it's not about my nose, about how sophisticated or complicated or cultured or rare a fragrance is, sometimes it's just about your boyfriend saying, "Ooooo, What's that? That's lovely".
Mr Kerosene, I doff my hat.
Hot lemon curd poured over vanilla ice-cream sprinkled with crushed waffle cones. A sundae to warm one's soul through coldest of seasons. 

The notes listed are unmistakably present. The sweetness is well balanced by the citrus notes and the waffle cone cannot be disputed, especially after the note has been suggested.

Recommended if you wish to provoke cravings for lemony desserts in everyone you meet; or enjoy torturing yourself with an aroma clearly designed to induce salivation… an effect which lasts a few hours.

Big lemon on the opening.Also tea and baked goods. These elements create an effect almost like sitting down for cookies for breakfast; slightly indulgent, but also comforting. After about 30 minutes, the baked cookie notes start becoming more intense; gourmand all the way. At the beginning, it was almost as if this could have gone one or two ways,  light and citrusy or gourmand- it moved toward gourmand on my skin. I am really liking this! Just looked at the notes- waffle cone!Yes, that works for me, memories of waffle cones at the Delaware shore! Well done. 

Now, waffle cone does not SOUND like something one would want on their body, but this is quiet nice. An hour in, and this is a satisfying gourmand. Not too sweet, very wearable. Two hours in, this is an extremely nice gourmand. At times, they can be far too sweet and coying for me. Here, the vanilla, citrus and baked cookie (waffle) notes are well balanced, warm and enveloping, and not too sweet. I am shocked at how much I like this perfume. Longevity is solid and projection is good but not too strong; perfect, I believe, for this type of scent. I could see having a bottle of this for winter. Really very much worth checking out.

I don't often sample womens fragrances, but this was a super popular one, with a signature style, that I had thought about buying for my wife.  Wearing it myself, it is definitely feminine.  Ginger white floral.  Clean, well rounded.  It smells like it is great quality.  A bit powdery.  A little citrus up front.  To me this doesn't skew young, doesn't skew old.  It seems like a woman in her 20s.  Wholesome, and without any trace of skank.  If I find a good deal on this I'm gonna pull the trigger.  Its nice.  Hermes makes good product. 
Teenage girls at the pony club.

****

Carded sample
O, spicy flower
Tempted by ginger and woods
Come away with me!

Let my tragic love
Be enough for just one night
Before you return

To handmaiden days.
Let shaman's sandalwood spell
Open mind's eyelids

To woody sandstorms
Lives and stories lost to time
By some other tribe

Laughing at our own
For thinking that anything
Belongs to something

Understanding not
Why parts of speech are needed
To come between us.

Should this not suffice
To pry you from your mistress
And into my arms

Then hear ginger's song
Liar to all who listen
Faithless counselor

With sweetest of voice
Knower of men and women
That dime-store siren

Who would please us all
Just to say that she did it.
Let her convince you

To walk spicy coals
On some distant beach with me
In our fragrant dream.

Let her love of life
Infect your own on that beach
Under diff'rent stars.

Bring your silly hat
And all your other girl charms
To find your way back

But watch in wonder
With eyes closed and nose open
As they disappear

From truest story
Where all of us met before
You woke with a smile.
Perfumer Christine Nagel has made no bones about Twilly targeting young women, and in many ways its millennial-market styling is spot-on. The juice is pink, the bottle twee, and even the tuberose is stripped down, scrubbed-clean, and tamed to near-minimalism—the Stepford Wife of tuberoses. 

And, yet, this isn’t a standard fruity floral. A hefty slug of ginger gives Twilly much of its initial sparkle and freshness before mingling with the other notes to create something way more butch than the initial presentation, like one of those colognes that barbers slap on their customers after giving them a shave.

I really like that bracing aspect, which translates just as impressively into the air. Twilly’s sillage is assertive but never offensive—I get busloads of compliments when I wear it. Once, forgetting myself, I spritzed a good bit of it before visiting my stepfather in the hospital and instead of side-eyeing me, his nursed thanked me for “making the place smell better.” 

Twilly’s eventual evolution into what I like to call a “wall of scent” is both its strength and its weakness, depending on your expectations. I nearly traded or sold it a good half-dozen times before eventually giving in, realizing that moving along in its white noise cloud becomes an exercise in Zen-like acceptance that sometimes a perfume that just smells GOOD is good enough.

Firstly - I adore Christine Nagel creations. That being said, I feel like Jean Claude Ellena started with a draft of this idea (see TDC's Bergamote). The gingery-bergamot opening is stunning, zingy, and fully of character. It fits in perfectly within Hermes' range of lightweight EDTs under Ellena's reign. 

After the zing fades, the tuberose moves into focus and avoids the typical tube' creaminess and lush opulence. 

A citrus tuberose? How? I have no idea, but it works and I love it. 

Note - totally different on skin than a blotter. I had dismissed this before Turin pointed out its genius.

Also - love the out-of-proportion Charlie Chaplin bottle. 
The opening ginger packs quite a punch and  almost blew it for me (Ginger can be sickeningly soapy) However, the middle and base notes make up for it with a fresh but deep and “interesting enough” summer garden vibe thanks to the Tuberose and sandalwood.  
Feminine ginger fragrances that develop are not found that often on the market. Twilly d’Hermés is simple, yet a beautiful fresh floral fragrance. It could perform better. It would be really great with some spices in it, may be cinnamon. 
View of Collioure by Henri Matisse 1905
may be Le bonheur de vivre
I sampled this because I was drawn to the whimsy of the bottle.  Big and chunky with bright playful colors, the almost caricature bottle (compared to other Hermes bottles of the like) foretells of a not so serious fragrance, and the jus does not disappoint in that aspect.
Simple, straight forward without being so serious...again compared to the Hermes standard.  Perfect for a younger demographic, including those young at heart.
Mildly spicy opening with a candy heart and a woody base makes it a perfect intro fragrance or a summer fling.

