Tested a spray on the arm.

---

Soft floral with mostly rose and some white flowers. Calming and traditionally romantic and feminine. Lasts a couple of hours, which is nice.

It's the kind of rose perfume that wafts around you as you move, arm's length. Makes me think of ladies, of walking on a meadow wearing a dress.

Nice. Very rose-y with some musk as it evolves, warm and intimate.

I would rather have a little unexpected (maybe green, maybe dark and animalic) notes there, but that's just my personal taste.

It is quite nice and I would wear it if offered.
LOVE Chloe.  It's one of my favorites....good for day, night, office and date night.  Just the perfect blend of rose and lychee, without being too heavy.  Definitely a re-purchase someday!  
Gorgeous. I never knew a fragrance could make you feel so many emotions. I begged my partner for this for my birthday and almost cried when I received it. My one true loves of scents, alongside Curious by Britney Spears. 

Opens fruity and sweet, the lychee and peony make a beautiful partnership. The rose appears, but does not produce powdery on my skin, the magnolia add's an aquatic bed for it to lay in. The finish is the most heavenly cedar/wood and amber composition I've ever experienced on my skin. Like a warm hug.  

Chloe all in all will always be my one love of scents. However juvenile it's considered, this is masterpiece for those who love sweet florals. It is a fresh vase of flowers after the rain on a spring day. 
When I first re-entered the fragrance world a few months ago, I was struck by the profusion of soapy notes in the kind of greenish-floral perfumes where my perfume palate had formerly resided.  Had that smell of Ivory bars always been there?  Had my nose changed that much?  I'm still not sure.  But it put me off almost all green perfumes of the 21st century--at first.  Now I'm coming back around.  My problems with the smell of soapy aldehydes are less with the accords themselves and more with what they're doing in the overall structure in the perfume.  Used to good effect, the smell of soap can impart a delicious sense of tension to an otherwise straightforward perfume--the best example of this I've seen being the ribbon of soapiness running through the swampy depths of Weil de Weil, although you find an echo of the same idea in most of Mean Greens of the late 60s and 70s (Silences is a great case in point).

Chloe does a pretty decent job off bringing this style of perfumery into the 21st century department store/beauty specialty aisle.  It reads as a cocktail of freshly scrubbed tea rose, peony, and lily-of-the-valley.  It's almost achingly fresh.  Nothing in in this perfume is sweet, not even the alleged amber accord at its base.  And it lasts forever.  The downside of this update of green perfumery is a good dose of Calone---intended, I'm sure, to keep the florals smelling dewy, but a little crudely done all the same.  

So why the thumbs up?  Because almost everything else at Sephora smells like it would put you in a diabetic coma if you drank it.  I like the idea that this prim little floral can hold its own alongside all that sugar.  And it's good to know that, in the event of a minor Zombie Apocalypse (or if my luggage gets lost), if I get stranded in Upper Bumblevania, there's something on the shelf at the local mall that my snobby self can wear.  Because going without perfume is not an option.

----Edit----

It has been two years since I first wrote the above review, and I still have my little decant of Chloe; it has survived numerous culls and swaps and other opportunities to get rid of it, even though I went almost 24 months without wearing it.  However, a recent thread here in Basenotes started a conversation about perfume magnolias; and, when I searched the Basenotes index for perfumes featuring magnolia, this one popped up.  Eureka.

I used to think this was a weird waxy rose; but, over time, I've figured out that "weird waxy rose" means "magnolia" in the olfactory shorthand that--I guess--I'm still not 100% fluent in.  Now that I've nosed out quite a few magnolias (L'Instant, Sud Magnolia, In White, AdP's mag), I finally have something to hang this on.  And you know what?  I like it.

In nearly all cases (roses and jasmine excepted, sometimes) I'm not a huge fan of soliflores--that is, unless they find a way to truly evolve and behave like a complete perfume instead of just an excellent accord or two.  This is why, at the end of the day, I find myself gravitating back to major designers over niche and indie perfumery--even though I want to support the small guys, and (being an old punk) I feel deeply committed to DIY.  But sometimes I have to resist sticking it to the man, because the folks who know how to make a good "generalist" (in BN reviewer Zealot Crusader's words) are mostly classically trained perfumers who spend much of their lives in the trenches learning hwo to avoid the quirks and rough endges that we typically find outside of the designers and luxe niche houses. 9 times out of 10, the desginer stuff works better for me, mostly because I love the complexity and evotion of a well-make perfume.

I know nothing else in the world that smells like Chloe; it's prim like YSL's original Y was prim, albeit less the hyacints and narcisus, which helps Chloe avoid smelling cmpletely frigid.


I have a tough time with rose fragrances. A touch of rose or rose smoothly blended into the rest of the composition is one thing, but a straight-up, punch-you-in-the-face rose bomb is a nightmare. So, I must admit, I’ve sniffed Chloe EDP in the past, but I never really took the time to try it on for an extended period of time because, well, I’d have to smell it. But after recently acquiring a sample I decided to face my rose-a-phobia and wear the EDP for an entire day. The opening is soap with a juicy fruit note that is supposed to be litchi. The rose is bright, full of acid and slightly honeyed. The sharpness of the acidity is complimented by an almost metallic edge that slices through the sweetness and a green-herbal character keeps everything from turning into a juice box. It’s perfectly balanced like a good wine: the sweetness, acidity, and herbal accords strike a perfect harmony. Unlike most fragrances boasting a bright, tangy opening, Chloe preserves the tartness well into the drydown. Best of all, there is something truly universal about Chloe—it smells appropriate from 15 to 95.

Chloe has changed me for the better and next time I am at the perfume counter, I will reach for the rose fragrance with the same upbeat attitude typically reserved for white florals, woody orientals, and incense. 

5/5

I once attended a concert with assigned seating and sat behind a woman who was decked out head to toe in clothes from American Apparel and carrying a Matt and Nat vegan bag. She was wearing a liberal amount of Chloe Eau de Parfum and happily, as my husband and I sat behind her we were enveloped in her beguiling cloud of rose, peony, litchi and and freesia. I knew what it was, but complimented her on the way out just to be sure. 

This Chloe has been around for awhile and it has be worn by everyone and their mother, but that doesn't make it any less noteworthy. I always find it pleasurable to encounter it in public and love how the litchi sweetens the rose while the peony and freesia freshen and lighten the scent. Chloe has just the right amount of sillage to draw others in but not overwhelm you.  

The only thing that I don't particularly like about this is that the bottle top tarnishes over time. Otherwise, this is just about perfect for a designer release.
This perfume is the love of my life. It's always there for me and I keep going back! Tried and true. I do switch it up a bit and love niche/artisan perfumes, but Chloe is my all time go-to scent. It's very clean and classic smelling. I am constantly asked what I am wearing.
It's a familiar scent straight from my early childhood. I love the peony and lily of the valley; those 2 I can immediately detect. I don't get too much rose but it's not completely undetectable either. It lasts a very long time on my skin. Very nice.
Salutation.

The Rose is one of My Favorite flowers and This scent captures the Essence of that flower as Rose notes Gives a calming sensation,and Makes this Stylish perfume Stand Out. Yes CHLOE EDP is A Tribute to the world prestigious flowers Especially The Rose. Captivating,Refreshing, 
Intoxicating,Clean,Subtle,Delicate, Intelligent and Feminine.

CHLOE EDP is a Chic perfume But with a touch Old Fashioned for me. A Swift rush of Litchi and Peony in first That i was not impress with it but Graceful rose scents with Subtle Base notes due Amber makes A Natural Feel as well as Living. It With the Right Chemistry could be So Nice. It is not Overpowering,Cloying or Heavy as some florals can be. 

This Delightful Perfume is for a REFINED Character. Femme than Femme Fatale.Great choice for a Lady who Strives for Balance and Harmony.A EVERYDAY Scent In SPRINGTIME,Light enough to wear at Office too. If you are Looking for a Crisp Floral scent Especially Rose This one might Interest you But Test it First.

Sillage?Pleasant.

Longevity?Good on my skin.

7/10 
Sharp Rose-Peony	Despite the lack of love for Chloe here, I am one of those who has a great fondness for it. 	Octavian Coifan once described this as a a 'rose detergent' on his now defunct blog. I see aspects of that in the new Chloe but there is something compelling about its sharp rose and peony ,the clean musk . It is a very identifiable scent and very long lasting. 	I love Chloe and I am sure there are many out there who do as well -as this is a best seller. 	Good signature scent for the non perfume obsessed .Pros: Extremely memorable, tenaciousCons: Borders on laundry detergent smell"


Granted I am younger in the frag. world and still starting off, but I have always loved Chloe. Probably the most amazing bass to use when wanting to mix Jo Malone fragrances with. Trust me, no one will ever smell like you. 

So original, soft, and talk about tailoring to your chemistry. Great duration, and like I said.. even try the lotion and throw a 'Malone of your choice over it. This fragrance makes me feel warm and cozy, perfect for the winter without going SUPER spice, or woodsy. 

Even try throwing Marc Jacobs DOT over it or BCBG MAXAZ for a -strawberry- Chloe!
The lighter your fragrance over Chloe's the better.




I was in a pub last St Pat's day when I smelt this divine scent waft past me and had to ask the young woman just what she was wearing,"Chloe", she says, and drifts away again. It's not too often that I catch a sniff of a fragrance on a stranger that compels me to ask what it is - maybe it was the combination of a dark Irish pub, a few drinks, whatever - but Chloe smelt clean and musky at the same time and I was in lust at that one whiff!

After trying it on for size a few times in shops, I finally succumbed to a bottle two days ago and cannot stop sniffing myself!! For me, this is classic and clean with the beautiful lychee note (I loove lychees so this was always going to work for me) yet has that lovely floriental dry down which hints at depths unseen. In other words, it's not just another fruity floral concoction which blows away with the wind, leaving no imprint.

Had I only tried it on once, I might have dismissed it as too trendy but give it a second go, it's more complex than it first admits.
As a white flower lover, I had no choice but to like this. For me, I would rather smell girly and pretty than smell original. Easy, breezy, and pretty. Like.
The most feminine of feminine perfumes there is nothing masculine about this it's all girl to the notes and the design.The opening starts with an air of peonieswith it's petals delicate releasing a sweet aroma floating through the breeze light purple freesia joins and gives a airy scent gentile and innocent, Litchi dries the top notes and with it's sweetishnotes adds sexiness.Powdery rose is noticed here with a bit of a spiciness scent with delicate budsof lily of the valley just glades thoughthe the notes magnolia similar to rosealso brings spiciness but with an honeyaccord. i dectect a faint note of sandalwood for the basenotes and with the distinct warmness of amber i can'tpick up any scent of cederwood.Chloe Conjours for me an field of daisies and a blonde girl lying uponthe whole vast fields of them on a warm sunny day she grabs an stem from the daisy and blows and all the delicate petals float into the blue sky, when you wear this you get a sense of innocence and brings to child within you.

I really like this one for ladys.. Is an intense scent but won´t be a sickness!! Floral with a pinch of talcuum remind..
an older lady had this on and it just amazed me so i asked. mature and oriental. not for the faint of heart. very creamy and thick. old school in a new school era.
I so rarely come across fragrances which I really fall in love with, think about, and lust over. This one, surprisingly, is just that fragrance. IT is so elegant and ladylike - the perfumes of yesteryear - but at the same time there is a freshness and ripeness to it. I feel alive and so pretty when I wear this one.
I like this one. It smells like fresh ,clean clothes after being ironed.Great for the office and daywear.
I cannot tell any difference between this and the old formulation. Maybe something has been forgotten, but this is just like the original to me. It is a perenial favorite of mine, along with all the Lagerfield creations. It is beautifully sweet, and floral and the drydown, like the drydown of Tresor, is not floral, but sweet warm amber. Love it. It doesn't have the sillage of Tresor, lasts only 4 to 6 hours on me, with a sweet warm barely there scent for a couple of hours more.
Bought it for my Grandma. Think it is a, powdery, different, juvenile yet mature scent.It is also quite fresh.Never smelt something like it, must be the Fresia.Like it. But not for younger generations

Surprised I haven't seen it mentioned before. But this to me, smells almost exactly like vanilla coke.

The tobacco in this smells quite similar to the tobacco note in pure havane. 

I find it to very project well but never feel overbearing.

Overall very nice, will always have a decant. But doesn't justify the full bottle for me 

I fall for this every time it touches my skin: the smell is so wonderfully seductive it reminds me why I fell in love with fragrances in the first place. 

Intoxicating dark sweet opening, big opening of vanilla and big blasts of tobacco in equal measure. The large overture dies down rather quickly and becomes more subdued, woody-honey-chocolate backdrops dance around adding to the yin and yang of sweet and dark.  Coffee-tonka comes out a bit as well in the base as it dries down.  The sweetness of the vanilla dies out as time goes on and this becomes much closer to a gourmand 

The common complaints:

1.) Some may find this a bit linear: it doesn't have the depth of more niche fragrances.  However, it is perfectly blended and smells so smooth that in my eyes that this isn't a weakness. It does what it does, and it does it well: it's a scent of dark-sweet sensuality.

2.) The scent is too sweet and cloying: and I can understand this complaint during the initial blast. However, the sweetness very quickly dries out and that blast of sugary vanilla becomes something much, much darker almost instantly. For 95% of its life, this has a dark sweetness. 

3.) Another slight, and the one I somewhat agree with, is that it has below average longevity: 2-3 hours on my skin of decent projection, then a skin scent for a few more.

The headliner of Tom Ford scents, a definitive staple of every fragrance lover. Perfect for any time, but best for cooler nights and formal occasions. Pure excellence.

9.5/10
It's a heads up battle between tobacco and vanilla for dominance... Thick , rich , sweet and syrupy...kudos to the very realistic tobacco leaf that pops out here and there...a very fine fragrance , just a tad too sweet for me... I like my tobacco fragrances a little more on the unsweetened side...this is almost like a gourmand tobacco...has that chewy mouthfeel effect...i'm good with just finishing my decant...
'Tobacco Vanille' is the silent killer who never speaks but always looks impeccable. His stance says everything. Wearing a triple black ensemble, the top of his dress shirt is unbuttoned showing just enough skin to be enticing but he is not interested in impressing other people. Not a hair out of place, looking dangerously sexy while smoking an expensive as hell cigar, his right ankle sprawled around his left thigh/knee cap as he looks around the grand ball room calculating everything. Eyes like a predator awaiting his prey... in the most literal sense, he is an assassin, trained in an Italian Intelligence and Security Agency since birth, his next victim is Noir de Noir as she discovered something she wasn’t meant to. The opposing party needs to take her out and who better to do it then their top agent TV. You really don’t want to mess with him, but to those who are personally close to him (which is a handful of people) knows that he is one of the sweetest people to be around. But even with his dangerous profession you can’t help but feel so drawn to him. Like a moth to a flame. He smells so inviting, as he stalks into the darkness of the night getting ready to capture NdN, he leaves a heavenly spiced eggnog trail and it tantalizes your senses. 

 This is what I envision when smelling this. 

This is the best niche fragrance I own and have tried. This is what sexy smells like. This is what sex should smell like. It is seductive and mysterious. It projects well and longevity is great.

Well worth the spend - hell yeah. 


p.s. unlike most, I don't get into the notes, etc. It's all there for everyone to see on this site as well as other places on the net. I'm not a pro, just a novice collector.
Probably one of the best, if not most controversial, of Tom Ford's tobacco-based Private Blend EdP's.

The incorporation of cacao powder alongside the vanilla always struck me as an ingenious idea; the inherent sweetness of this tobacco-y oriental becomes richer in character by notes like that, as well as deft incorporation of spices, dried fruits, tobacco flowers, tonka, and woods.

This one lasts a really long time on me, and it has a great deal of sillage that requires a steady, disciplined hand in applying the right amount on the skin.  Dark, heavy, and richly aromatic, giving tobacco lovers a well-made option of a scent.
There are many dupes of this fragrance, some are going for high end designer prices, having tried a few myself I really don't think any can come close to the exceptional balance of tobbaco vanille. After the initial spray it all seems a bit over scrambled for me, I get every note listed all at once with a prominent clove smell that dissapates ..after 10 minutes the magic really starts to take shape. Rich rolling tobbaco appears that feels laced with a touch of honey, dried fruits keep things from going too syrupy this is the perfect balance. Then for a rare occasion I am greeted by a stunning vanilla, vanilla is a note I don't crave for, but not in this creation, it's smells plush and addictive. When every note is revealed you are left with a linear tobacco/vanilla combo with little whiffs of spice. This is real luxury stuff and a 50ml bottle may seem expensive but I'd expect a bottle to last me years, incredible performance that never really goes away, especially when sprayed in a trendy beard. A match made in heaven for those weekends away in colder surroundings. When this first came out it was very polarizing to many people, back in 2007 who wanted to smell like a pouch of their grandads rolling tobacco including me, but now most women and men find this universally appealing, with help from the current industrial trends and programs like Peaky Blinders. Tom Ford really did show some exceptional vision with this fragrance, like the very best designers ..they are all gifted with fantastic intuition and back in 2007 it took balls to release tobacco vanille, stunning luxury.
Boozy vanilla, tobacco, something sweet and fruity like a plum or raisin covered in cocoa powder. 

Good projection, can get compliments with even minimal sprays, which is probably better because it can be overwhelming.

Excellent longevity.  Lasts all day and you can still smell it the next day.
You've stopped at a gas station in rural America and you've purchased a pack of Marlboro cigarettes. You get in your car, you open them up, and you bury your nose into the pack before taking any out. You then unseal a vanilla Little Trees air freshener, and you hang it from your rear-view mirror before driving on. Tobacco Vanille by Tom Ford.
I'll keep this to the point if I can:

This is a must-try! It's mesmerizing, truly. One of the most elegant, refined colognes I've ever tried. I am usually a woodsy/citrus guy, but this has made me really respect the tobacco genre. 

Scent notes are perfectly stated: starts off with a powerful sweetish-tobacco note, which calms down into a mildly-cherry and moreso-vanilla base. To my nose, those were the main parts of this cologne (which is actually of parfum strength). 

I had never tried Tom Ford before, and I couldn't afford a 220USD 50ml bottle. So, I decanted from a reputable ebayer, and am now a TF fan. That might sound ridiculous based on one cologne, but the primary thing that stands out to me is the very high quality of ingredients. You really can tell the difference between a 30USD cologne and a 200USD sometimes, and this is one of those cases. I'm sure there are similar scents out there costing far less than what Ford charges for his "Private Collection". However, you can smell the difference AND feel it too.

This cologne lasts and lasts....over 14 hours on me. And the projection isn't some obnoxious hipster cologne reeking of insecurity and need for approval. TV stands its ground but in a gentlemanly manner; if you get close enough you'll be impressed upon but there needs to be that closeness. I personally like that in a cologne - it turns the right heads if YOU wish.

So to conclude, I heartily recommend you try this. It's a masculine cologne that can be purchased for far less than retail, and stands apart from pretty much everything else out there. Perfect for cooler weather and more formal settings. You don't need to be a cologne snob, a certain age or even love niche tobacco fragrances; you just need to enjoy smelling yourself a lot!
When I wear this I often get 'This smells like Christmas' comments but not in a negative way, folk really love the warm, sweet, cinnamon smell and the incredible enveloping density, but not in an overbearing way, this frag has.

Performance seems to be a bit of an issue, with some claiming beast mode and other 'meh, it don't last for diddly' 
I'm lucky as I get beast mode with it and it easily lasts 12-14 hours and projects well for 4-5.
As for the frag, it's pretty much as it says on the tin: Tobacco leaf, vanilla, cinnamon, clove etc and warm, sweet aromatic woods. 
This is Christmas in a bottle or snuggling in your favourite PJs with your SO in front of a roaring fire, toasting marshmallows and sipping on a great claret.

Oh, and it is totally unisex, well at least I think it is, but then again you may not, but that's cool too.
Tobacco, vanilla, and lots of spices. Everything with very good sillage. I tried it on along with other fragrances and it went over everything else. I bought it without thinking. It became a favorite, instantly. I think it would be very suitable for men but I'm a young female and I love it. 
Amazing scent.  Addicting.  That simple.  First spray is overwhelming and it blossoms from there.  First choice of all the TF's, even over the Amber Absolute, 2nd choice.  
Starts off with tobacco and spices and then drys down heavy on the vanilla. Imagine a pouch of rolling tobacco with several vanilla pods left to brew for a week. I also get a kind of aniseed smell. VERY manly. I once got told by a woman while wearing TV that it was the manliest of manly fragrances she had ever smelled. Totally over the top but so good for those special occasions. 

I always find it quite strange when people complain about this being too sweet!! It's called Tobacco Vanille right? Vanilla is sweet. It also has notes of Cocoa & tonka?? Why would you not expect this fragrance to be sweet? It was never meant to be a dry harsh tobacco. Come on guys!!





A true beast of a fragrance that lives up to every bit of the hype and considerable accolades.  The others have described it beautifully, so I won't try to add to that.  I will say that this is one of the very few fragrances that I can imagine will ALWAYS be a part of my arsenal.
Best fragrance in this genre. Initial impressions on first spray were negative, but the dry down is a beautiful sweet honey, vanilla, cocoa and tobacco olfactory experience that is both alluring and addictive. 
It's that signature combination of chamomile, honey, and cedar that creates that pipe tobacco humidor smell.  It's just magic and despite being copied hundreds of times over by now, it arguably smells most at home in Tobacco Vanille, flanked with spicy cloves and sugar-frosted vanilla and a big glob of ash.

Honestly, in the ongoing battle of tobacco and vanilla perfumes, while Tobacco Vanille is the Godfather who sets the standard, I personally prefer Kilian's Back To Black, which places more focus on the honey and pushes the marshmallowy vanilla to the background.  But despite my personal preferences (I'd much rather smell like honey than marshmallows), Tobacco Vanille still deserves a hearty thumbs up.

amazing!  very powerful, be careful for office or professional settings.  A little goes a very long way.  The only reason I don't own (yet) is because my wife doesn't seem to like it very much.  But hopefully will grow on her and then I'll do the full bottle soon!
From start to finish I love this scent (my wife on the other hand HATES IT). Any who some scents I wear for my personal enjoyment.  As for the scent... it is a stunner.  Strong at the start with gourmandish spices and a sweet honey like tobacco... the middle is also an amazing mix of vanilla and tobacco with a hint of tonka and cocoa to my nose.  The dry down of woods with lingering vanilla and tobacco is simply amazing.  A scent that will remain in my collection for as long as it's made (even if the price is slightly prohibitive).  Enjoy!
The reactions and responses for this scent are fascinating in and of themselves. I am a great fan of tobacco scents, my favorite still being the very first (R&G's 1911 Cigalia), but also love Tabac Blond (both vintage and re-formulation), Gauloise and DSH's Prophecy.

Tobacco Vanille begins for me with a burst of clove and mint, without a hint of tobacco. Slowly the tobacco leaf note sneaks into the picture, almost as an embarrassed late comer. The humidor effect seems genuine. The gourmand effect of the vanilla, cocoa and tonka bean take over eventually and dominate.

I am wearing this in winter. It does not over power me. It is a perfectly pleasant scent and I like it very much. As with all Tom Ford, Roja Dove, and By Kilian scents, the price tag does me in, so I will not be purchasing it. If you can afford it, go for it.
Tom Ford Tobacco Vanille accomplishes the perfect balance of vanilla, tobacco, and enough spices to keep the tobacco/vanilla blend superbly interesting from opening until its eventual disappearance.

It's superbly simple, with few listed notes, but the harmony among them suits me and so many others very well.  The tobacco and spices render it masculine, while the vanilla keeps it inviting and borderline boozy.

TV is among the top performers of the Private Blend line and it's in rarefied air among the likes of Noir de Noir, Tuscan Leather, and of course, Amber Absolute.  Projection and longevity are both superb, among the best I've smelled.

Its power and composition certainly lend itself toward cold weather wearing, though the quality of the scent means that one might make exceptions on summer and spring evenings.  It's serious enough to wear for business, provocative enough to wear on a date, and fun enough to wear on a random autumn day or a holiday.

Despite many clones and approximations, there's nothing quite like the real thing, and for that reason, Tobacco Vanille might be the most worthwhile of any high-end fragrance I own.  And with great performance, the fragrance can last longer per volume.

I'm never one to buy flacons but the 50ml and 100ml atomizers (currently at $225 and $305, respectively, as with most of hte PB line) are worth splurging for.  It was love at first sniff (and this was two years ago, so I was quite late to the party) and the love remains.

If I had to own only one fragrance, it would be Tom Ford Tobacco Vanille.

If you're intrigued at all by sweet tobacco fragrance genre or the hype surrounding this, give it a try.

10 out of 10
sweet, sour and syrupy tobacco fragrance

an excellent fragrance that opens up with a slightly harsh and syrupy opening. the harshness is attributed to the tobacco. as it dries down the vanilla, cocao and dried fruits start dominating the fragrance while the tobacco is setting in the background and still providing that slightly harsh feel into the fragrance. the fragrance remains syrupy and sweet till it completely dries down. excellent performance. its most suitable in cold weather.

8.2/10
I have now worn this a few times and my relatively inexperienced nose picks up something new each time.
Today, the clove note (although not listed)was very prominent.
I do really like this fragrance, but this is very easy to over-spray, and definitely works better in cooler weather. 
Wow! This is one of the best openings I've ever smelled from a fragrance. I smell like the best hot wassail ever! Perfectly balanced blend of notes, in my opinion. AND, there is a coniferous brightness around the edges that just thrills my senses! I'm only about an hour in, so I'll see where this incredible opening takes me. Five hours in now and it's changed. A lot more tobacco is noticeable. Smells like pipe tobacco, still pleasant. I'm now sitting at 13 hours post application, and this still smells wonderful. I'm getting some similarities to Burberry London, which I also love. But, Tobacco Vanille smells a bit less synthetic, and has a smoother, better overall blend. I really love this frag. It was a cold, rainy day and this fragrance kept me warm all over all day and now well into the night it's still going. An outstanding job on this one by TF. Two big thumbs way up!
"Give me 1 ping and 1 ping only!" 

Great novelty scent.  Less is more... especially if vanilla, no matter how well done, is but a toleration rather than a celebration. More sprays for the Ladies?  Sure, but it's a cloying risk.  

There are masculine tobacco scents I find more appealing, versatile and inexpensive as compared to TV, however, every so often there's nothing quite like a spritz under that favorite baseball cap bill, thick wool sweater, etc., to accompany a walk through autumnal woods, pipe or cigar in hand and dog at my side.    

I'm only familiar with pre-2010. 

Tobacco Vanille is luxuriously, ludicrously rich and heavy – it smells like you are wearing an overstuffed armchair, upholstered with the most expensive materials known to man. It is famously sweet, but its sweetness derives from delicious dried fruits, prunes, and bitter chocolate, all aspects of the rich tobacco absolute used.

People complain about the vanilla, saying that it smells like a holiday candle. Hey! Point me in the direction of a candle that smells as good as Tobacco Vanille and I will buy the shit out of that. Until that happens, shut up. Tobacco Vanille is a thick scent for days when it is so cold you want to never leave the house. There is no better smell to catch for days and days on the label of your heaviest winter coat. I wear it once every 365 days, which is more than enough for one person.
Smells very elegant. The dry wood notes mixed with lush, sweet tobacco are fantastic. Like most fragrances, I don't smell all the listed notes. What I do smell is a very sweet vanilla and tobacco blend. The tobacco note is so accurate that it does smell like an unsmoked cigar. I notice the tonka as well and finally, a woody note.

It's very lovely and projects 1 meter at all times. It also lasts 10 hours before starting to fade.

I've had a 4 mL sample vial for more than two years and still have half left. I've gotten at least 10 wearings if that helps you imagine/judge potency.

Overall rating is easily 8.5 out of 10. It's lovely and very fall-like, but not something I reach for often, which keeps me from purchasing a full bottle. 
Hated it a couple of times when i tried it. Absolutely loving it after a few full wears.

The opening reminds me of "Close-up Toothpaste" (Red gel) with some cloves, mint crystals & vanilla in the back ground, the effect is balmy, cooling and clears my sinuses. 

The mid and dry down is what I absolutely love when the cloves & mint wear off making way for that beautiful vanilla with hints of musk, honey, resins & tobacco smoke.
The quality of this juice is amazing.


Longevity: 12 hours
Projection: 8.5/10


10/10  

Typically vanilla is synonymous with white or cream but this vanilla is not white or cream - it is a dark glossy brown. It's delicious but not in an edible way, I can't help myself from sniffing it over and over again.
My inexperienced nose does not detect a whole lot of notes, mostly smoky woods and deep, dark vanilla. Not a lot of development from top to base but that's ok with me. A truly beautiful fragrance for men and women.

Not exactly a masterpiece but definitely a quality fragrance. 
So I kept hearing about this one EVERYWHERE online. I decided to see what all the hype was about. I got my sample in the mail with 4 other random Creed frags that I wanted to check out. So I unwrap the bubble wrap taped around the samples (which was also in a small ziplock from decantshop) and immediately i'm smacked with vanilla. All I thought to myself was, "damn, if this is the T.V I'm going to like this (I love vanilla). Sure enough I opened each vial and it was the T.V. Very potent.

A few weeks later, I setup a date with this woman. I figured T.V would be a perfect fit on this date. So I applied it very carefully (reviews online say to be careful at this part) I spray 3 sprays on my neck and that was it.

The date went better than expected (I wish I could confirm it was from the frag) while she moved in close to my neck (probably 3 hours later) she says, "wow you smell delicious" at that point I knew this was going to be a good night.

All in all, T.V is definitely a great date night frag (when you are not going to the club) and women love it when they move in close, or at least this one did ;)

A masterpiece and an absolute triumph in perfumery. My all time favorite and a fragrance that marks the end of my fragrance 'journey'. 
I tend to have a high skin temperature that blows through fragrance, so my impressions of TV happened fast.  I got the strong but smooth burst of tobacco, fruit, and a bright, almost bitter note that almost immediately began to round out and warm up and I got a strong hit of spice.  The spice slowly wore away into the simple accord of creamy vanilla and honey, with just the lingering lilt of tobacco.  Pretty simple, very sweet, not usually my thing, but I want to be wearing this ALL THE TIME.  I don't find it to be super long-lasting on my skin, although one spray is plenty, so I feel like I want another spritz after about six hours.  I don't usually gravitate toward super sweet fragrances, but I loved Jil Sander Style, too, so maybe it's all in the blend.

This one smells like tobacco and vanilla. Pretty simple. Much like most other Tom Ford Private Blends, this one lacks depth and character.

But the quality and balance of this blend is just astonishingly perfect. If you like tobacco and/or vanilla, you have to smell this.
Vanilla and the smell of very rich pipe tobacco. Imagine walking into an exclusive English men's club in the early 20th century, complete with leather chairs, a fire and the carved oak walls and ceilings and what it might have smelled like. Imagine the smell of your grandfather's winter wool coat. This new Tom Ford fragrance defines a new type of fragrance sent that evokes these types of memories. It is a serious fragrance that balances the pleasure of vanilla with the provocative character of pipe tobacco. 
I gave a review that wasn't as pleasant as this a month ago. I had to give this fragrance another try. I smell all I'm suppose to smell, tobacco and vanilla. I personally have the private blend. One spray lasts all day. Two sprays is the max. I wish all fragrances were as potent as this.
An intincing, beguilling fragrance that I have grown to love belovedly. I have worn this fragrance for years and gotten nothing but good compliments from it. I starts off very strong with light tobacco, vanilla, and dark fruits; then, the tobacco emerges stronger and deeper developing around the vanilla. In the dry down, the tobacco is still there, but not as much as the middle; the ending, the rich vanilla takes over,but Dont be mistaken, the tobacco is still there from beginning to end, but more so the middle. Tom Ford's Private Blend fragrances are expensive, but well worth the money you purchase them with excellent sillage and projection.  
First off... There are very few Tom ford fragrances I like... Second.... I like this. It hits your skin with all the pipe tobacco you could ever want. Rich, moist, tobacco then for me it calms itself just a tad with the vanilla creeping up slightly... But for me that's it... You smell like that amazing pipe shop with the jars of pipe tobacco lining the counter... It's a very fall and winter fragrance. Wear it in the summer and you'll get that ew look from women, wear it in the winter and you'll be curling up together. Good juice, not everyone wears it so that makes it even better to me. 
Salutation.

A unpredictable and completely irresistible fragrance by TOM FORD.when you wear TOM FORD fragrances you have got the comment"Wow you really smell unique". Tobacco Vanille is a long lasting scent,one that is both memorable and sensual. Fantastic,Classy,Seductive,Provocative, Sweet,Gorgeous,Hot, Expensive and Luxurious.

Tobacco Vanille infuses rich notes of cacao and tonka bean over an intensely sensual base of vanilla and tobacco that makes a heady oriental scent for a man or a woman who know how to embrace their sensual side and take pleasure in the smaller details.It scents attractive to the senses. sweet and spice vnilla.i love it all you need is two spray and you ready to go.

This dashing fragrance compliments the three piece suit as well as evening attire.Tobacco Vanille is surprisingly intimte and subtle when worn on a date.if you are looking for a unique and enticing evening scent that sets you apart from all the others prevalent on the market today,then TOBACCO VNANILLE is the one for you.
Thank You TOM FORD!

Sillage?Ok.

Longevity?Interminable.

8/10
Wonderful fragrance being like I love this genre of parfums.  However, I sometimes get this "churchy" scent when I wear it.  I wanted something that would out do my Eau des Baux (which is heavenly), but sadly, I haven't found this with TV.
Anyway, I do love the scent and its a permanent staple in my collection and my go-to when I want to stand out from the crowd or get the "mmmmmmm what it that smell" comment.
Personally I love this scent. 
The opening has quite a punch, gorgeous vanilla, sweet tobacco, spices,  and to me some liquorice? 
I really enjoy wearing this, yes the initial hit mellows over a few hours but which fragrance doesn't? However the vanilla and spice lasts well. 
For those whom are saying it is too spicy it makes me laugh when so many are raving about Spice bomb. 
This is head and shoulders above that. (Have sold mine). 
A true quality dignifies the scent and it is now my favourite cologne. 
Yes you can buy cheaper stuff, but this just oozes quality and class. 
Definitely recommend for someone who appreciates a good, well balanced cologne but is prepared to pay a bit more. 
If you shop around, as I have you can get 100ml for £110.00. Which to me is worth it. Sell some cheaper scents and you're good to go!
I 100% agree with taint it sweet; the opening spray-on is the absolute best it will ever smell, then it fades to more vanilla, less tobacco.

I have always been partial to clean, fresh smelling colognes and this is my first attempt at wearing anything containing vanilla, and this may sound odd but I was leery about wearing something with tobacco notes, having quit smoking about three years ago.  But as it turns out, i wear this scent quite well, I enjoy it, and it's quite subtle and blends with my natural odor as the day progresses.  

Longevity is nice and the sillage is low for something that smells so good and lasts so long, the scent really stays with you.

My new favorite, for sure.  Too bad I can only afford to buy 4ml at a time, hahah!  10/10 for me.

This is what George Bailey would have been wearing in "It's a Wonderful Life".
My first foray into the world of fragrances. And what a way to be initiated!

Opens with very little tobacco for me, which may be good or bad, depending on your tastes. A wet, moist tobacco, along with some dried fruit and a hint of spice (cinnamon?) backed by a boatload of vanilla/tonka. Once the tobacco quickly fades I'm left with a vanilla sugar cookie and eggnog vibe.

This is a one spray frag for me. I don't find it cloying, but it is a tad sweet, and two sprays can be overwhelming.

At times, I question whether I should have bought this as my first frag, as it's not 'versatile', but the proof is in the quality -- I continually come back to TV because it smells so incredibly good and versatility be damned. Longevity is at least 12 hours for me, and by hour 15-16 it's in skin scent territory. The next morning and the wonderful scent still lingers.

Looking for serious tobacco? I don't think Tobacco Vanille is for you. As it's blended, though, it fits me like a glove.

My first fragrance, and definitely could be my last. 9/10.
It was what I expected from a fragrance called "Tobacco Vanilla"  The longevity is wonderful 7+ hours on my skin, longer on my clothes...but be careful, it stains. I do notice the tobacco fade after 3 or 4 hours. The vanilla and spices in the final dry down do not come across as fake or imitation to me.   Had this fragrance been less expensive to purchase I am inclined to believe the negative and neutral reviewers would be more forgiving.  I get nothing but compliments with this. I enjoy wearing it very much for leisure.
For me this is a lovely, rich & sweet tobacco with a little freshness up top & a faint touch of incense. lt's very linear & soft, but never powdery or cloyingly sweet.  lt lasts around seven hours before fading out.
This does exactly what it says on the tin, so to speak, & beautifully captures that scent of vanilla pipe tobacco that l love. A little more smokiness would have made it truly awesome, but even so, it's very nice indeed!
Beautiful tobacco, vanilla, and cinnamon crafted into one gorgeous scent. 
Smells exactly like sugar cookies and eggnog. It's an amazing fragrance that was blind bought by me and i love it BUT more importantly the ladies love it! This is high quality stuff and a little goes a long way. 
Tom Ford's Tobacco Vanille is Truly a Masterpiece, heavy Tobacco heavy Vanilla mixed with spices and honey notes... a perfect sent for cold weather, absoluetly in love with it ! 
Tobacco and vanilla perfected, for sure.  Try layering with Eau des Baux for more distinction. Try a decant of this or Parfume de Marley's Herod or Pure Havanne to save money. A little goes a long way if you choose TV. A true classic with some score deduction for price. 4.5 out of 5.
I love this stuff.  I don't get any chocolate, or fruits, or honey.  Just straight up tobacco blended with vanilla, 50/50.  Just as the name implies.  Only con would be the ridiculous price.
Starts very strong heady and dense but gradually settles to a smooth creamy vanilla / Almond Scent.
Its strange to see no Almonds listed in the notes as there is a strong and persistent vibe of Almonds , Vanilla along with smooth and light Tobacco.

Tobacco Vanille seems very similar to Dior Hypnotic Poison to me and can be a very nice option for the ladies who like HP Dior.

I personally love smelling it on others (especially Ladies) but cant wear it, A very long lasting and sweet (in a good way) fragrance.

Feb
21
2014

It does what it says, the main accord is a silky and sweet tobacco aroma (the "humid tobacco leaves out of the bag" type of tobacco note) blended with a round, rich, terribly good and still not that sweet vanilla note. Smooth and colourful base of spices and dried fruits, with hints of cumin and saffron. And something balsamic which provides a pleasant sort of fresh-anisic feel. Overall it recalls the safe coziness and the unisex elegance of those narrow flavoured cigarillos (that ironically, come always in vanilla flavour among others) which are usually bought either by ladies or young smokers who want to appear cool and "manly", but still can not yet physically stand the effort and show the self-consciousness to smoke a real cigar. And that's precisely how this scent works too: it is soft and elegant, in a really safe-for-everywhere way, but also restrained and somehow tamed down, with a somehow shallow personality, and all materials are bounded in a sort of soothing anonymity - clean and sharp as a posh shop. Now, despite it may seem so, this feature (I mean the fact it's a bit shallow) is actually not completely negative, as at the same time Tobacco Vanille smells undoubtedly classy and much good: it's sweet and Oriental, but dusty and smoky enough not to end up smelling nauseating. Think of something halfway some Lutens' spicy-candied scents, Boucheron Jaipur Homme and some more "manly" tobacco scents. A bit boring and uncreative, probably, but solid and versatile for sure - too costly for what it's worth, but nice.

7/10

Beautiful. Rich, smooth and a little dark. Opening reminds me very much of vanilla extract for cooking with notes of cinnamon, some dark raisins, berries and even more complexity is present...leather, polished wood? Some notes I can't fathom but are interesting and delicious to say the least. Tough to articulate but I'm reminded of velvet and silk...This is top quality stuff. During the drydown, the gourmet aspect leaves and the vanilla changes to a pipe tobacco, a quality mild vanilla pipe tobacco with a touch of ash. I own l'Occitane Eau des Baux which some have said is twinned/similar to Tobacco Vanille...I disagree -  Tobacco Vanille is certainly deeper, richer, more complex and smells different to my nose. Eau des Baux for me is a more straight forward vanilla pipe tobacco and incense blend with an overall drier edge to it. I reckon Tobacco Vanille is worth the money... It is robust with outstanding sillage and longevity...a couple of sprays maximum and it projects rich and strong - and lingers the following morning.
I originally tried Tobacco Vanille as a Christmas gift, not knowing anything about the fragrance or how pricey it is. I fell totally in love with the sweet, deep, rich spiciness. It opens with the sweetness of tobacco and an incredible blend of mature spices...I then get a creaminess and vanilla and deep rich chocolate laced with anise and dries down to vanilla and woods. It's really hard to explain, but it is a masterpiece. When I went to purchase a new bottle, I was mortified at the price. A co-worker later told me about a pure perfume oil blend of Tobacco Vanille that she purchased online for less than $40 an ounce and I thought it would be a waste of my time, but to my total surprise, it has the same deep, sweet spiciness as my original bottle of Tobacco Vanille had. For those who want to give it a try, it is worth every penny. Chemistry and Co. http://www.chemistryco.com. I am very pleased with Tom’s Ford’s Tobacco Vanille, both in the original version and the pure perfume oil interpretation. Sjnce wearing Tobacco Vanille, I have become a bit of a perfume LOVER. I never knew the journey that fragrances can take you on.
Complex fragrance...

This one is not easy to describe as just "Tobacco" and "Vanilla", I find it much more complex than that. To me this opens up with a huge wave of honey. Honey and dried fruit, coupled with boozy vanilla, almost like vanilla extract. It's very much in gourmand territory, and I think people who like gourmands will like this one. It can also be quite sweet and medicinal, almost syrup-like, and that can be overwhelming (or even perhaps cloying) if sprayed too much. It is a high strength Eau de Parfum, and a little goes a long way (no more than a couple of sprays). In that respect, you won't need much of it and it's worth the price in many respects, as it does smell very well made and expensive. I can pick up some very faint tobacco, but to my nose it's overshadowed by the sweetness of the vanilla, tonka bean, and honeyed-fruits. In conclusion, I think it's worth the price for what you get. I think it can come across as masculine, but it's also wearable by a well dressed woman. I find it a little linear to begin with, but I do appreciate that it changes in the dry down and you can pick out individual notes. Overall a very very well done fragrance by Tom Ford. Try it first, but I think many will love it. Addictive stuff!
Rich vanilla that evolvesI received this recently, as I have been on the hunt for a nice vanilla-based fragrance. While I have Frapin's 1697, I had come across too many interesting reviews of this frag to pass it by. So, having worn it now for a while, I find the following: 1. I get a very strong vanilla and tobacco-leather off the start.2. The leather and tobacco fade quickly on me unfortunately, but it does leave a cinnamon note that I find interesting.3. The vanilla is sweet, with a hint of cherry. Some reviewers have likened it to the cherry-vanilla car fresheners that you hang from your rear view mirror. I get what they're saying, but this scent is not anything like that, rather, its more of the scent of the vanilla-cherry you get when smelling certain unburned aromatic pipe tobaccos, such as the famous IQ pipe tobacco blend.4. This fades to soft, so the sillage is low on my skin, but the scent is there the next morning, so the longevity is long. In other words, it lingers a very long time, much as my Tom Ford Tuscan Leather does, but that lingering scent is also faint as of about 2 hours of wearing it. Overall, this one evolves on me, to run through a series of vanilla variations, starting with a tobacco scent, then into cinnamon, then more of a cherry-vanilla, then just smoke and vanilla at the final gasp. Its a very nice scent, not sure if its worth the high price. However, I thought that of my TF Tuscan Leather, and that 50ml bottle of TL has lasted me over 2 years owing to its strength (a little goes a long way) and to its heaviness (strong and complex, so not an everyday frag). I foresee Tobacco Vanille being like this; strong, and not an everyday wearer, but a very unique one.Pros: Strong vanilla note, with complexityCons: Not as much of a dry tobacco as I would like, such as L'Artsan's (unavailable) Tea for two"
LovelyI love this, this was my first Tom Ford scent and it boiled down to this or Tuscan Leather. I think I made the right choice. Tobacco Vanille is a little more dynamic than TL I think although I will pick up TL at some point as well.This opens with a nice warm cigar-esque smell, I also think it's quite spicy at first which is later replaced with the vanilla. I have to try my hardest not to wear this all the time, once I sampled this I couldn't buy it quick enough. Is it worth £130? I'm not sure about that, it does have excellent longevity and projection which can't be said for all of the Tom Ford range so at least there is that. It's a formal fragrance and I think best suited to colder weather. It's definitely not something you can wear in a club either, way too serious.I keep this one for a special occasion, family meals, romancing the wife etc.Pros: Longevity, classy, deepCons: Expensive"
Struth...I purchased a sample bottle of this and when it arrived at work i couldn't wait to open it up and give it a try.. I went to spray some in front of me and then sniff the air but instead I sprayed myself straight in the face... :'( Picture a Cuban Cigar with a scent of vanilla.. 10 minutes later... Picture a smokers ashtray in their car and a vanilla scented xmas tree hanging from the cars mirror trying to cover the scent of the ashtray... omg... i washed my face twice that afternoon and it wasn't till the following morning that the scent had finally subsided... you live and learn I guess... ;)
A MASTERPIECE SCENT.Sex in a bottle. Period. I just wish the tobacco smell lasted longer, the opening (50% tobacco, 50% vanille) fades away after a couple of hours and you're left smelling just the vanille. 9.5/10Pros: 1) It's sex in a bottle. 2) Powerful, classic, quality fragrance. 3) LONGEVITY is AMAZING.Cons: 1) Tobacco note fades away after the first couple of hours. 2) High price. "
Less is much, much more	Grabbed a small sample of Tobacco Vanille from Bloomingdale's after giving myself a few sprays. I found, for me, just putting my finger to the opening of the bottle and dabbing each wrist--and if I really want a bit more projection in my hair--Tobacco Vanille is in a league of its own. 	I think men go waayyyyyyyy overboard with their expectations and analysis of scents. All this talk of silage, projection, and longevity is a bit anal. Just go to Nordstom's, Barney's, or a Bloomingdales, dress like you belong, say you've heard a lot about it, and ask for a sample. Not a quick spray a sample. Then see how it makes YOU feel. It's really that simple. T/V makes me feel like I belong in the Harvard Club or playing a round at Pebble beach or winter in Palm Springs. It gives me a sense of quiet, restrained power and that becomes the way I act. 	If I just get off on a scent but it doesn't stimulate some deep recess of my unconscious that alters my self-perception, it's off the table. T/V compels me to believe that even if I'm 20 or 30 years older than a woman, I can walk up to her and she'll be caught up in my belief that I'm someone to take seriously--again, if my suit and other adornments are consistent with the scent. It's grey flannel, wood-panelled walls in boardrooms, and private jets. That's quite a hat trick for a scent to pull off.Pros: A littler goes a long, long wayCons: Decant may be better way to go than spray."
Projection beast	Wanted to own a Tom Ford fragrance so I decided to buy the highest rated one without previously smelling it. Upon my initial wearing, I was taken back...this is potent, strong, and very much simply tobacco and vanilla. It actually smells like you've smoked a cigar around a cherry tree? Projection and Logevity are amazing...I don't know if it was worth the money or if I'm in love but lets see how it does in the winter. Pros: Distinct, sweet, powerfulCons: Linear smell"

Big, powerful and sweetThis is one that I have to be in the mood for. It is big, and has a very much 1970s feel to it. It goes back and forth for me between sophisticated and raw. A cowboy college professor or college professor cowboy. The sweet tobacco begins to give way to the vanilla an hour into the dry down for me. Projection strong but not choking. I like this, but don't see this as something I would wear that often. However, the sample is still half full, so we shall see. Update: A little more time with this, and it is really great. The basic essence is the same, but as it calms down, it really becomes both sexy and powerful.
It wasn't love at first smell	The first time I tried it I did not like it. It took me a while to fall in love with it. As far as compliments, my daughter hates it (lol), and the girls my age (30+) and older really like it. 	In simple words, when I wear Tobacco Vanille I feel like a sexy cowboy. Love this fragrance. 	It is masculine and complex, but since not everyone loves as much as I do I would recommend to try a couple of times.Pros: Strong silage, projection, and longevity.Cons: 
Tobacco Vanille opens with a strong tobacco leaf note blended with some sweetness that smells like honey to me. Syrupy or medicinal, in a good way. The tobacco remains dominant for a couple of hours on my skin, then the vanilla takes over. Reminds me of rootbeer / cream soda with hints of tobacco and spices. 

Longevity is very good (not excellent), the projection is loud the first couple of hours, then it tones down, before becoming a skin scent. 

While Tobacco Vanille seems easy to understand, it is a fine perfume that every fragrance head must smell. Thumbs up!
This is a beautiful Vanilla based fragrance. I get mostly spices, vanilla, and woods, more so than tobacco. The tobacco note in this fragrance is very faint. I would have loved for TV to have a stronger tobacco presence.  However, this is an excellent fragrance for winter with powerful projection and staying power.
A very nice scent. It's exactly as others have described here. It reminds me of my grandfather's pipe tobacco humidor. It does have a nice vanilla drydown but, for me, the pipe tobacco note lasts pretty much the whole time. I didn't notice any cinnamon. I can see this as a unisex fragrance. The big drawback is the ridiculous price- I'd buy it if it wasn't so costly.
50% Tobacco, 50% Vanilla at opening.  

25% Tobacco, 75% Vanilla at drydown.

Enough tobacco to flavor and spice the fragrance, but not overpowering or musty.

Just the right about of vanilla, so it is not feminine or overly sweet.

Quality notes, great projection and longevity.  Relatively versatile for what it is.

May be out of your price range, but if you have the money, this gem is definitely worth it.

9/10
One of the better Private Blends IMO. It starts off with a vanilla blast and the tobacco creeps up very fast. It settles down to a nice sweet cinnamon and vanilla scent with that tobacco still in there. The spices really assist this one to be a really good winter scent.
A Great perfume. It perfectly recreates the illusion of sweetish pipe tobacco and/or unsmoked cigars. I simply love that scent. However, the scent is not cloying or too heavy. And it is really the tobacco scent that is dominant, not the vanille. Curiously the perfumer has also managed to blend smoked or burnt tobacco scent  as well, creating the impression of the delicate smell and scnt of the cigar club of which I was member a few years back. Recommended! 
Aside from DHI, TV is my wife's favorite scent that I wear. Very sexy scent which is odd because I really don't consider tobacco as a sexy scent. I get Tobacco (duh) vanilla (duh) and then I get a light mixture of honey and cinnamon to round it off.
This is absolutely stunning. The tobacco flower and the vanilla infuse to make a dark, honey accord. In fact, when I wear it I get a beautiful cloud of honey and cocoa and its so gorgeous. During the dry down I get a smokey tobacco leaf and a chocolatey fruit smell. Absolutely unisex, the kind of scent u want your gf/wife to wear. When I wear this to the strip club, the dancers get a lil closer, and the dances last a lil longer ;)
Not a lot to add. Loved it when I first purchased it two winters ago. Love it this winter.
LOVE it, mostly.

The first time I tried this (at a store in San Fran), I dismissed it as "not for me" as it made me rather nauseous. I've recently come back to try an individual sample and sure am happy I did so! It turns out that the nausea was due to just way too much sampling. 

Upon second try, I find that I LOVE it for the first 4-5 hours... then the tobacco begins to fade and you're left with a smell that reminds me of sugar cookie dough... too sweet at this point. 

It's honestly a masterpiece... for the first 4-5 hours. After that? Not so sure. I'll update when I have more experience with it.
Initial thought, overrated. I tried it and just didn't get it. I revisited this the other day and wow, I must have been crazy. That sweet burst of tobacco eventually dried down but never really hid in the shadows as the vanilla crept up. Throughout the evening I kept getting hints of the tobacco swirling with vanilla. This is exactly what I wanted it to be, Warm, Sophisticated, Relaxed, Opulent. Now to justify the price. When my girlfriend pulled me close 6 hours later and reminded me that I smelt amazing, the deal was done. 
Fragrant pipe tobacco with vanilla and dried fruit accord. Enjoy the way the pipe tobacco blends and does not overpower the other notes. Sits close to skin but lasts all day.  More than 12 hours on my skin and tobacco leaf faded into dry sweet tobacco flower vanilla blend. I swear I can also pick up a light fresh dry orange scent too. 
When I was a child I went to Paris. Everywhere smelt either of Gauloises, flowers, cognac, and this incredible haunting, vanilla-cigar type smell. Paris does not smell of anything much anymore, but this scent is the nearest thing to what I remember. 

If you are heartily sick of vanilla (like me), please give this a try, it isn't like any of the usual vanilla smells out there. Also, don't dismiss it after the first spray - the honeyed vanilla tones dominate at first and you need to give it a few minutes for the subtler cedary tobacco notes to come through. 

Highly recommended, but the price is truly scary. 


You like vanilla, tobacco, amber and honey - here it is!  Initially I mainly get honey and a bit of tobacco, but then vanilla arrives and blends with the honey very pleasantly, whilst the amber remains in the background of this canvas. I was expecting rich,  Mugleresque heaviness, and trying it at temperatures between 30 and 97F within one week I expected it to be very cloying in the hot weather. None of that to my surprise, it was always balanced, was never cloying and, unusual for a gourmand scent on me, even displayed moments of elegance on my skin on a hot day.  At times the vanilla felt synthetic and a bit cheap, but most if the time it was a good impression.  Silage and projection are good on me, and the longevity is outstanding at over nine hours.  In spite of some occasional weaknesses, it deserves a thumbs-up overall. 
A masterpiece from Tom Ford house.
The notes break down is very simple but overall smell is great.
The opening is great mix of tobacco and honey and vanilla. very sweet and dark and pleasant.
At the base tobacco note is very weak in the background but vanilla and honey are still there with so delicious smell! I want to bite my wrist! lol
Very good longevity but projection isn't that great.
For the 2-3 hours you have a very good scent cloud but after that it's a skin scent fragrance!
That's a masterpiece. A warm and comforting blend of honey and sweet tobacco, rounded by warm vanilla. It's unisex and has a great sillage, lasting power and projection. Well, i cant describe it more than saying it's a masterpiece. 

If you are drawn to pipe tobacco, want to smell it all day,  but don't want to smoke? If yes, then this is amazing.  It reminds me of Yukon Gold pipe tobacco (vanilla flavored.)  Super sexy scent that everyone I know that has experienced has loved.
Absolutely adore this fragrance. A realistic pipe tobacco scent with a dark, vanilla dry down? I can't even begin to tell you how beautifully this fragrance performs. I have dry skin and therefore it is difficult to find fragrances that last. However TV lasts and lasts. This is one of the best fragrances I have ever purchased. It is expensive, yes. But worth the money in my opinion. It makes me feel good and brings out a big smile on me whenever I take a sniff. Very masculine too. 
The Vanilla knocked me for 6! 
but in a good way. Jeez i mean if you  have ever fantasised about being a vanilla Ice cream?  YES? then this is for you!

stunning and gorgeous. Please be easy on the trigger or you will kill people. the tobacco i find gives it an EDGE not a horrible overwhelming vibe.

but damn if you like Vanilla then there are no questions asked. Buy this.
Top:  Tobacco leaf, spicy notes
Heart:  Tonka bean, tobacco blossom, vanilla, cacao
Base:  Dried fruits, woody notes

I was eager to try this EDP since it contains some of my favourite notes.  Like many fragrances of Tom Ford's Private Blend Collection, Tobacco Vanille has a slow dry-down and an unbelievable longevity.  When I first applied, though, an intense and sickeningly cloying whiff turned on a big red light for me.  I told myself:  This one is a big no-no!  I was afraid I would reek of sweet aromatic pipe tobacco for hours.  Fortunately, about 50 minutes later, the dry-down began and the tonka and vanilla notes became a little darker and richer as the dryer wood notes started to emerge.  The tobacco remained discreet but still present in the background.  I was expecting a slightly smokier fragrance but since I love tonka/vanilla-based perfumes, I was not really disappointed.

Tobacco Vanille is ridiculously expensive but its longevity partly makes up for the outrageous price.
For the ones of you that like pipe tobacco with a sweet cherry note and don't despise vanilla this perfume is gonna generate a big smile on your face.

This fragrance is kind a hard to not like unless you cannot stand pipe tobacco and/or vanilla.

Nevertheless it might not be good for every occasion.
While Dior Homme Intense is my all time number 1 fragrance, Tobacco Vanille has one thing over it: the best example of well made vanilla in a fragrance. The name is self explanatory and yes, this is a very, very sweet fragrance; of course, that also means it's very easy to like (like a flawlessly made designer scent, with nuclear power and big price tag, but it's oh so good). The tobacco is noticeable, but it's not offensive and overly masculine. It's a perfect blend of the tobacco note along with the powerhouse vanilla note. While the tobacco is noticeable at the top the most, the vanilla soon takes over and this becomes an insanely great smelling, sweet vanilla scent, that easily lasts more than most fragrance offerings. Price is expensive for this (which is why I opted for a split of 50ml), but one spray of this beast would easily do the trick. It's simply very potent...but you know what? This might work great in the summer too! One spray of this on the chest and you will be smelling sweet and sexy all day long. Very crowd pleasing scent, very well made. If you are looking for vanilla, this is the one to try (easily beats even the upper end competition such as Spirituese Double Vanille).
The progression between the stages of this stuff was very slow for me last time, so I'll get through as much of it as I can today. Initially, I'd call it soda plus chocolate, with a vein of something fruit-based that provides a streak of coolness across the warm sweetness, at least for the first few minutes. I think there's both coffee and caramel, a slight nuttiness, and of course tobacco, and I actually like this phase quite a bit because I find there's enough earthiness and dust to cut the sweetness. It's a surprisingly masculine gourmand, and the soda/cola connotations here are OK by my standards because they're more like the cola-flavored Bottle Caps candy, sort of a toned down reference to cola. The overall smoothness of the mixture is rather remarkable, with nothing sticking out and the individual notes blurring into one another. Even the extreme sweetness, which might normally be suffocatingly heavy, stays restrained by the other components for now; it comes across as more of a liqueur sweetness (frangelico, kahlua, and bailey's?) than a candy sweetness. It risks being very potpourri-ish, and as much as I like potpourri, I worry that it would call to mind too many associations with your prim and proper aunt Georgina's elaborate Christmas decorations. Ultimately, the vanilla gets stronger and more insistent very slowly over many hours, and eventually ends up being a bit much for me as the earthier notes fade. A very interesting blend, but I agree that the first hour or two is what's worthwhile.

I adore Hypnotic Poison and find it addictive and irresistible. Reminds me of a dark, lightly spiced, and very sweet root beer. One of my favorite sweeter, foodier scents which is not normally my go-to type of scent. Feels heavy like a rich dessert after a big meal— satisfying— for relaxing and languishing, not a daytime/workday scent in my opinion. Not as heavy and heady as Addict. Absolutely delectable!! Very long lasting as well. Can smell it on my throw pillow after sampling it last night. Have wanted a full bottle for awhile now. Awesome, beautiful bottle, too. Yum!!!! 
Hypnotic Poison - Dior
A perfume wrapped in an ultra-soft and smooth-velvety plucheness, round, thick and so smooth, you actually wanna stroke and hug it- extremely comfortable as it is. It delivers straight off the bat with a fresh not-sour 'blackberry on cocosnut'  tonality that quickly blows up big and soft like an aircushion. Violet-leaf, helitrope, lactonic-vanilla, indolic-jasmine on musk, and a slight smoky, clean (ceder)wood with hot-rubbery and camphorous undertones of burlap, create a very harmonious and very recognizable scent-profile full of personality and character. Extremely well blended, it feels like the accelerarion of a Bentley, effortless but very high performance at the same time. A classic.
Sweet almond; almost cherry-like accord.  Slight cookie spice.  Booze-like.  Sweet jasmine note.  Sweet woody note.  Spicy vanilla musk.  Girly-girl.

The almond with its marzipan-like accord, lasts for quite some time.  That, is a lovely aspect.  A definite gourmand perfume, in my mind.  Not what I expected.  I prefer the original Poison.
I compared Hypnotic Poison and Kenzo Amour wrist by wrist. Yes, the openings of both do share some similarity. I feel adding some rice and a little spice, the vanilla and coconut opening of HP can pass like Amour.

Then they evolve differently. HP does remind me strongly of Play-Doh. I was almost shocked to find it realisitic to that point. Might be the vanilla-almond-coconut combo? It's a little funny to my nose, though I don't think it's the right emotional response to be expected.

Then come jasmine and tuberose. At this stage, I can feel the feminity and the romance throughout the fragrance. However, I really should have put only one spritz. Two are already too much. For the subtlety of the flowers, I have to stick my wrist to my nose, while the strong powdery and sweet vanilla is still dominant and floating in the air.

The longevity is excellent and the sillage can reach far even with two spritzes. I can feel the coziness when it's calmed down. It's really a pity that I should have been more careful while spraying. And don't forget it's a very sweet vanilla scent. Just don't make the same mistake as me.
This is by far my signature scent.  I love how you can distinctively detect every single note,  while it blends together perfectly.  Its one of those unforgettable scents.  In a sea of vanilla frangrances,  it stands out.  Alluring,  sensual,  deep and clingy.  Perfection. 
I won't describe it, there are enough reviews for it. It deserves one more positive review though.  This is a long-time favorite of mine and I couldn't live without it. My bottle is from June 2002. 
Salutation.

HYPNOTIC POISON is One of the best Oriental-Vanilla.It is Truly all about what I Expect from This Kind of fragrances.A Warm Sweet Vanilla scent in a very Distinctive Bottle. Classy, Gorgeous,Powerful,Seductive,Feminine, Sophisticated,Irresistible,Hypnotic and a Beautiful Masterpiece.

HYPNOTIC POISON is a Perfect Illustration of Special DIOR Style and All notes are at a Perfect harmony too. A Rich Combination of Spice notes, Sweet Vanilla,Romantic Flowers and Bitter almond Makes it An Delicious Elixir of the Senses and Gives You Confidence when You walk Somewhere. The Vanilla is quite Dominant.

It is Perfectly suited for COLD weather and perfectly warming to the Heart. It is not for a Lady who is not daring Enough.Perfect for a queen in ROMANTIC moments. If you are Looking for a Head Turner or a Fragrance for Men Seduce try it you will Love it.HP is A real Magnet and worth Every penny you pay for it.

Sillage?Ok.

Longevity?Excellent on my skin.

8/10 
My first impression of this went something like, 'Ah, a nice & bold vanilla scent, but is it really  hypnot- ohhh. There it is!' Something in this concoction tickles the very back of your nose and gives you a lightheaded sensation, similar to that satisfaction you feel after a good sneeze. Mmm.. Sexy, dark and heavy. It's got a boozy quality, as well (I was certain it had to be bourbon vanilla before I read the notes more closely). To me, this smells almost exactly like Yves Rocher's Vanille Noire (which somehow, I discovered first). Lastly, this juice packs a serious punch - it lasts all day. Absolutely deserving of its name.
My bottle of the Hypnotic is old.  Like probably first-edition old.
I love it.
When I first bought it, I wore it a lot.  Even an office mate cribbed my perfume (if/when the odd chance occurs in which someone asks what fragrance I'm wearing, I tell).
Lookit: you really do not need my take on the listed notes, 'cause they were all there.
Okay.  So, anyway, what I'd like to share with you is what my old bottle 'turned' (aged) into:
only the most incredible, beautiful, jaw-droppingly gorgeous jasmine perfume EVER!
Well, that I have smelled, anyway.
So, money well spent.
I can't speak as to the current formulation; haven't smelled it/them.
When i first smelt poison i liked the creamy sweetness but never actually purchase it, i since then went on to other perfumes, but occasionally would go back to it and sample it feeling it felt "too grown up " for me, finally after about year or so i tried it again on my skin and loved it! why hadn't i bought this sooner! 

Its like an almond cookie/ vanilla cake dipped in an expensive wine, very creamy and milky, sweet but not overly sweet like teenager scents, makes me feel special, and has a very unique smell to it very individual, like that fact that it doesn't seem to be what everyone is wearing feels like my own individual scent ( if that makes sense) doesn't have loads of clashing elements i find with other perfumes i can just define its sweet creamy almond smell, dries down to a more powdery milky vanilla, feel sexy when wearing this. Love the bottle stands out from rest. Lovely color to it also. 
going to purchase the 100 ml next time! last about 4/5 hours on me and stays longer on clothes :)
review by stefly321About 14 yrs ago i  had girlfriend who wore this. It blew me away then and still does now. Sadly we split up 3 yrs later but whenever i smell that heady whiff of vanilla of HP, it takes me back to some good memorable times. A really great fragrance.Pros: lasts for agesCons: none"
Sexy It's a very lovely and sexy fragrance. But the key is not to overdo it. It's a very strong and sweet scent that will fill up a room when you walk in. Just the perfect amount of sprays can make a huge difference between a suffocating and annoying smell to a very feminine, sexy and killer fragrance. Everytime I wear it I get compliments, especially from men, which really boosts you up on a night out. They seem to love it. It is a fragrance that doesn't seem to evolve much. Personally, I seem to only get almond and vanilla all the way through.  I highly recommend it if you like sweet fragrances and you want to feel like a femme fatale, without feeling trashy. Just be careful with the amount you spray on.
Perfectly named fragrance.., delicious vanilla and almond scent....kinda smells like delicious fancy italian wedding cake. Gourmand, long lasting, sensual and sweet. Quite addictive. The  scent does have an invisible aura around you that is mesmerizing and hypnotizing. Men like this a lot. A lot of men even wear this! It can be warm on either sex.....its like a cloud of delicious scent that hovers arohnd you like an aura. Very beautiful.
It has been reformulated. The old version, black cap, was divine, original, sexy, unique. 
The new version is still one of my favorite fragrances: sweet, powdery, sensual, feminine and very longlasting.
The body lotion is delicious as well.
I love the sweet vanilla/bitter almond combo, the beautiful jasmine, musk and sandalwood notes.
This is a modern masterpiece.
I love it!


I love this. I'm a newb to fragrances and stumbled across this via Basenotes reviews. I would say it's borderline unisex, I'm a blue collar manly-man type but I find myself wearing this more and more. I thought it a little too fem for wearing out in the world...but... but I like it so much I find myself pushing the envelope more and more. When I'm home alone I apply very liberally. I wear it out now and then but only after it's settled for a an hour or two. On my skin the chocolate notes really stand out.
Day three of my walk on the wild side and into the shady alleys of femme fragrance. Having been placed under the spell of Shalimar and being broken by Tabu, was I man enough to take my Dior Poison?

The English expression goes 'What's your Poison?' meaning what will you take to drink, or these days what will you take to get you high?

Perhaps it's this sentiment of imminent undoing that Dior had in mind when naming this 80s fragrance held by many as a manly masterpiece and much-emulated not least by the house itself with flankers including Dior Hypnotic Poison with which I am primarily concerned.

Whilst the name vein of 'My Sin', 'Vol de Nuit' and of course, 'Opium' with their suggestions of the improper, the dissolute, the dangerous or despicable may be what is being mined here the scent itself is a much more restrained and altogether polite and well mannered creature.

It is always alarming when a fragrance carries a direct connection to a memory - mother in childhood, school bully, first kiss, first boss, first wife... But when the memory is more recent and more focused then the sensation I can assure is all the more unsettling for its precision and being freshly cut.

For that is the sensation that swept me up on encountering Poison Hypnotic.

It smells of an actual luxury hotel in a busy port on the Aegean: a Levantine city known throughout the world for the production of figs. Not vaguely, not reminiscently or nostalgically. Precisely.

This is the odour of the bed linens, the almonds in the lounge, the beautifully planted and kept gardens, the towels by the pool. This is the perfume of a vacation I took just weeks ago.

So what you say? Well, here's the rub: the hotel is the perfect reflection of all this scent is and is not. The hotel was no old world glamourous grande dame, no Ritz, Place Vendome, no Savoy.

No more was it an overgrown Alice in Wonderland design boutique behemoth. No see through second Empire chairs no fascinating and impractical bathrooms.

No, the hotel was brilliantly designed in the understated manner of the Swiss owners. A Barcelona chair here, walls covered with sleek panels of walnut and beaten brown leather, five light settings for the room at the touch of a button. Wonderfully conceived and very, perhaps all too considered.

And so it is with Poison Hypnotic: the notes are in their places parts learnt, well directed and thoroughly rehearsed. But vanilla, nut, wood, damson, jasmine all come together in a way that could, should be sensuous and dark but end up being, dependable.

This liquor is an exercise in beautifully crafted and sophisticated dependability.

Perfect in a hotel, less than perfect in a perfume.

But though perfection is not achieved - can it be without surprise, excitement, the touch of an artist rather than a craftsman? That is not to say that this isn't a solid piece of work for the scent exudes safety rather than just being safe - a sense of comfort in a world of turmoil, a fine hotel in an unknown city, unseen cashmere socks on a first date.

This safety even extends to a slight antiseptic quality - noticed instantly by a friend - the caraway perhaps? This dentist's mouthwash note is the only welcome sign that this well oiled machine wasn't created by an expert committee after months of deliberation.

Would I wear it? Certainly. Both this and Dior Midnight Poison read as male crossovers. For a business meeting or away in an unfamiliar place, for a walk across town on a busy day when I want to be contained in my own little aura of inaccessibility or at home in those cashmere socks with a difficult book.

I don't mean to sound mean, and I understand one can't have grand opera every day. 

Sophisticated, beautifully put together and dependable - ultimately that adds up to admirable, but impossible to get truly excited about.

What's my Poison? Well in this case certainly no dirty martini, not even a Manhattan and champagne would just be too flash. Let's settle on an excellent buttery white Burgundy.
this used to be my signature scent for about 10 years; now I wear it mostly for evenings or night. but it remains for me such a special, unique, sexy fragrance, it's like it reflected my darker side... the witch, the temptress. There's really something bewitching about this fragrance, and I could test the effect, specially on men, it makes them crazy, it's almost toxic, a sex-potion, I still love it very much, even if it's no longer as powerfull &  dense as before reformulation a few years ago, I wish I could find somewhere an old bottle! It was much better, but it's still so particular, mysterious, dark, I know I can't do without it! It's exciting, sensual, dark. probably a love or hate, not for everyone, but definitely for me, I feel it' "me" in this one! 
Menardo's genius on fullest display, this is a sex grenade: a modernized and de-sane-itized L'Heure Bleue without any of that one's cumbersome class. A brunette bombshell (or a blonde with dark roots?). It may be widely worn and a designer scent, drowning in the most used note around--vanilla--but damned if this isn't pure magic. The slightest breeze animates Hypnotic Poison as a slinky villainess. Cruella, the Queen of Hearts, The Black Queen from Barbarella ... all the great meanies could wear this, but at once a girl's night out cuteness keeps things barely tamed. ...Ch-ch-ch-Cherry Bomb! Suburban rebellion in torn fishnets, Cherie Currie as chainsaw artist. Hypnotic Poison's overstated naughty-but-nice angle is high camp gold: the point where saccharine almost rots and is sinister and treading the sex/death divide with the tv trope of cyanide poisoning leaving the smell of bitter almonds on the last breath. Commonly sexy but weird in a way that is very Twin Peaks. All of this for the older formula edt. The new lacks some spice and metallic bite and seems censored, but it still bests the rest of the department store pack.

My absolute Favorite!!! I'm not sure how or why but when I first spray this wonderful scent on it smells just like root beer and within 5 minutes softens to a sensual, beautiful aroma. I have had more compliments, even from complete strangers, than I can count.
I've always been a fan of original Poison, it being my Mum's perfume of choice throughout most of my childhood; So I thought I would try this for myself. It's not nearly as pungent as original poison, and is a lot sweeter. On initial spray I found it was nothing really spectacular, but once it dried a few seconds you could really smell the warm vanilla, musk and light jasmine that seems just enough to be elegant and not gagingly gaudy or sickly sweet. To be honest I really can't stop smelling my wrist after testing this one! It is as the name suggests; hypnotic.
I remember testing this and liking it when it was first introduced. I recently tried it again when I was shopping and I decided I had to have a bottle. It's just a wonderful, warm scent without the overbearing sickly-sweetness that most new scents seems to have now. The longevity of this fragrance is AMAZING. In spite of the rumors this has been reformulated & watered-down, I could still smell this on my arm the following day. This scent seems to improve as it wears down on my skin, which I can't say for most fragrances. The fragrance is powerful, though, so you definitely don't want to douse yourself in it and as such it's probably best suited for cooler months of the year. So, this has definitely become one of my new favorite cool-weather scents.
Almonds but not too sweet, vanilla icing drydown with spice, a heady, sensuous scent for evenings or winter.  I will definitely buy this again.  But wear sparingly.  This is not a toy. :0)
It is similar to Poison, but more sweet than bitter, and much less offensive.

It is a distinct scent.  Though, you should sample this one, before you decide to buy it and before you decide not to buy it.
Reading some other reviews I think I've got the notes the wrong way round! The first strong burst was of vanilla, almost like Pink Sugar but a moment later I got the almond. It wasn't a 'bitter almond' like cyanide it was a marzipan almond. I think most scent is based on nostalgia, in this case Grandma's house. After half an hour the woods came in, Grandma's lovely furniture, the carat smell of the drawers, and the spices she kept. At the end of the dry down Hypnotic Poison stayed with me all day, with the notes changing, first the top notes the heart and the dry down in quick succession, then all together like an endless kaleidoscope. I only have the sample bottle and at the moment can't afford a full bottle. However I think Hypnotic Poison is a masterpiece.
In a nutshell, it's an exotic spiced almond cookie.  I love this scent and I wear it in small doses because I noticed that spraying too much is overkill.  I also only like to wear this in the evenings. To me, this is a statement fragrance that's pleasantly heavy and sensual.  I think heat and an elegantly sweet dessert laced with fondant.  My husband loves this scent, especially the vanilla base but I don't get as much vanilla as I do almond and caraway.  Even at full dry down, it's still almond.  No complaints tho!
  I absolutely adore this fragrance! It doesn't really smell like a perfume to me as much as it just smells like a soothing "spa" aroma. It's definitely a scent that could just as easily have been bottled and sold as an aromatherapy product. I loved it the minute I sprayed it on my arm and I continued to get good feelings from it all day as I shopped at the mall. I find that normally I feel cranky and tired in crowded malls, but the smell of Hypnotic Poison actually seems to calm and soothe me a lot. :D I think it must have been the EDP that I sampled because the longevity (on me) is fantastic and the fragrance didn't fade very fast. I've heard that the longevity on the EDT is not as good, but I forgot to read the bottle before spraying unfortunately so it might have just as easily been the EDT. Some EDTs that other people say don't last on them at all actually last for ages on me, so I'm honestly not too sure which version I'm reviewing lol! 
  Overall, I have to say that Hypnotic Poison is probably my favorite Christian Dior fragrance and I definitely recommend it to everyone!
This perfume is intoxicating and mesmerising. I always buy this for my partners! A friend of mine once told me that she was allowed to wear this as a flight attendant for Qantas Airline because it excited too many male passengers! I can smell this from about 25m away in a nightclub full of people. Love it.

They couldnt have picked a better name for this..

So full..addictive..enchanting..just irresistible

Big thumbs up!
If you're looking for a fragrance that has a dominant note of vanilla, Hypnotic Poison would be your best choice. The vanilla in this perfume is rich, foody and realistic, just like you've rubbed vanilla essence onto your skin.

I can't help feeling comforted when wearing this scent. When applied lightly, this fragrance is soft and soothing, only drifting up towards your nose to greet you with its scent every now and then.

I don't actually find this fragrance sexy, to me Hypnotic Poison is more romantic, casual almost. Its striking red bottle which suggests that its contents are indeed quite poisonous and hypnotising, doesn't seem to match the scent in my personal opinion. I'd describe Hypnotic Poison as being feminine, warm, friendly and slightly musky rather than outrageously sexy or seductive.

Apart from the obvious vanilla note, there are subtle hints of coconut, spices and almond throughout, which makes Hypnotic Poison more of a gourmand rather than an oriental vanilla.

The lasting power is great, yet I wouldn't have expected anything less from a house like Dior. This perfume is the vanilla fragrance that I've always wanted to find, it's actually the way The Body Shop's Vanilla oil should have smelt. A true vanilla scent of undeniable quality and appeal.


Hypnotic Poison is delicious.  Yes, it's totally unisex, and to me it smells like amaretto/cream soda, giving off a "Dr. Pepper" vibe.  This is a good thing, because Dr. Pepper is my favorite soda, and any fragrance that smells like Dr. Pepper is fine by me :)

As sweet as Hypnotic Poison is, I find it totally tolerable and completely pleasant, but it's quite easy to apply too much; even in the EdT form.  So, just go easy on the sprayer.  The combination of soda-like heliotrope and subtle moss is a match made in heaven.  Even if you're not a gourmand fan, you should try this one.  It projects like a beast and lasts all day for me, and I love the bottle too - straight out of a Disney movie.

Highly recommended if you've got a sweet tooth.  Annick Menardo is a genius perfumer.
WOW!  Yes, this at first smells exactly like root beer, coca cola and play-do.  But after about 15 minutes, the drydown is delicious!  It lasts all day, too.  My own opinion is that this ends up smelling exactly like "Warm Vanilla Sugar" by Bath and Body Works.  Very sexy, but never in a trashy or pushy way.  LOVE IT!
The first of the poisons I tried, and still my favourite. I bought this some years ago when I was still in my "goth" days, but even now, this is my "go-to", signature scent. More suited to winter, though I have worn it in the summer. Not overpowering at all. I feel wrapped up in almonds and vanilla, very warming and VERY synthetic, but in a good way!
This is my favorite of all the Poisons, although Pure Poison is a close second. It wears close to my skin and embraces me in warm cherry, vanilla, and almond notes. Definitely one of the most unique scents in my collection, and I agree that it was way ahead of its time. 

It is best in the winter, as others have said, and I can see how some may smell root beer. I actually hate root beer and the smell of it. However, root beer smells synthetic and cheap to me. Hypnotic Poison does not. That's the only way I know to explain it. I love it! :)

Jan
05
2009 

i love this perfume its incredibly sexy and delicious one of my favs
Ah -- the age old debate regarding gender classification. I can usually tell at first sniff whether a fragrance is going to be too feminine for me to wear. These usually include, twee florals, sweet powdery concoctions or the overblown, tarty ones that usually include incendiary tuberose, i.e Amarige, Poison, etc. I have worn both 'Heliotrope' from Piver and Etro in the past -- I think it's the gourmand aspect of those that I find acceptable. HP is the same as it involves that same almondy vibe  - I am surprised neither heliotrope or mimosa are listed in the notes. I love to wear it and don't feel uncomfortable at all -- I actually think it is more unisex than Midnight Poison. Having said all this, I can't imagine a GIT or Safari wearer donning this to go down the pub. More fool them.
Hypnotic Poison is a true Oriental Vanilla.

Soft, delicious and intense vanilla hypnotizing your sense of smell. At the beginning you may feel it a bit chemical, but after while this fragance gives you a warm and lasting scent.

Hypnotic Poison is more soft and tender than the others Poison Fragances.
Hypnotic Poison is a very well constructed & balanced perfume. It opens up with a nice bitter almond & vanilla accord which soon gives way to my nose a butter note that comes along & makes this a lil creamy. 

I get a nice sugar cookie scent in the beginning that makes me want to bake! But that butter note just does not go away which is fine by me, because after a hour & a half the vanilla comes along with the woods to create a beautiful cake like substance! 

Towards the end of this frag I get a somewhat disturbing plastic/glue feeling from this but it does not bother me to the point I want to scrub it off. The beginning & the middle are the best parts of HP! It last roughly 8 - 10 hours on me which is great for an EDT! Projection for me is ok, but nevertheless a beautiful addition to the Poison lineup! This can easily be worn by a man as well so if your the curious guy & you have been wanting to test this but have been scared/nervous because of the marketing concept SNAP OUT OF IT!!! Another + in the books for Dior!
I LOVE this juice.  From the second it comes giddily swirling out of the bottle i am completely enraptured.Wearing Hypnotic Poison is like being dangled over a huge vat of thick, honey drenched cream.  Just as you're about to be plunged into the screaming richness of it all though, up comes a bitter aspect to pull you back.  The construction is so beautifully balanced, you are constantly held at that point - staring death by sweet creaminess in the face but always just being saved.Exhilirating, narcotic, dangerous, seductive.  Grown up yet incredibly giggly.  Like having a gorgeous stranger come up to you with a glint in their eye that says "Let's be naughty".Then all is rounded off with an extraordinary creamy wood finish that brings you back to earth with sophistication and sensuality.One of the best exercises in dynamic tension I have ever come across.  Hypnotic Poison has led me to fall in love with Annick Menardo.  Anyone whose imagination can produce this beauty is quite a being!
Hypnotic Poison is supposed to smell like a plumy, coconut-tinted, vanillic, almond-pasty amber oriental, but the end result is a perfume that smells precisely of root beer. Any perfumer could set out to make a sassafrassy root beer scent: take a cheap vanilla base, sugar it up and create a boozy aldeheydic topnote to simulate carbonation and call it a day – but Dior skipped that and created an unintentionally genius root beer smell that captures the mysterious and nuanced quality of the soda syrup, without all the sugar.  After cruising thought the soda fountain, Hypnotic Poison enters a grand and polished cherry wood library, the smoky almond and soft vanilla humming contentedly in a leather chair.Fabulous.
Elegance!! Beautiful, sweet parfum. Absolutely delicious, sexy and sensual! I think my favorite poison. And the elixir bottle is just gorgeous and vintage.
Oh, Hypnotic Person, the only female marketed fragrance I wear without being self-conscious. It starts with a stingy blast of almond dipped in vanilla. After 20 minutes, the jasmine starts to kick-in and the magical sweetness starts to appear. It's hard for me to describe it's entire development because no words can give you a feeling of what this can smell like.It is so easy to love and I can't help myself taking a whiff of this while I write this review.
One of my favorite perfumes by Annick Menardo. A beautiful alluring, swirling gourmand scent of almond ,anise, vanilla ,woods. It's simply addictive ,unique -especially those top notes. Sweet - some people get strong ' rootbeer' from this fragrance . To me it's a wonderful thick almond vanilla seduction of the senses. Men go crazy for this one. Sexy ! The Elixir is equivalent to extrait and it is even sweeter than the Eau de Toillette. I prefer the EDT which seems to give a clearer sense of the character of this scent. 

I can't begin to tell you how much I'm loving this magic elixer. To me, it is just simply DELICIOUS!It is a wonderful gourmand, genderless, a mixture of bitterness and sweetness. Creamy vanilla, with a slight bitterness of the almond, to me like it is like liquid honey. I am finding this one to be very irresistable and ultra sexy. So velvety smooth, like satin sheets...and somehow it just reminds me of summer at a beach, sunshine, tanning lotion, the moving waves of the water, the sand. It just is so very relaxing for me when I wear this - any tension disappears when I apply this perfume.Notes that are most apparent to me are the almond, vanilla, jasmine, coconut, wood notes, and lily-of-the-valley. Sillage is fantastic on me and so is the lasting power. I can detect the fragrance even the next day.Sweet and a little bitter, and yet neither is overpowering - more like a perfect balance to me. I believe it is perfect for any occasion and any age group.VERY sexy, and seductive, confident, classy....one word to describe this one -- BEAUTIFUL
Bedtime scent. I only ever wear this at night, so for me it is imprinted with shadows, skin and drowsy sensuality. One of the most luxurious scents ever constructed, awash with cream, vanilla, fruit, powder and a disturbing smudged chocolate/heliotrope quality that sweeps in as the scent melts onto the skin. I often wish i could pour this on to my skin from a great height and just laugh at the spinning, scented drama of it all.  The deep trailing almond sillage is haunting in its complexity. I discovered this damaged beauty one lonely evening kicking around a half-lit French airport, the smell of coffee and stale/sweet pastries in the air. Add a drop of night-time aircraft fuel and the colour of a bruised sky and you have a olfactory spell of considerable power. Annick Menardo is a fickle nose, not everythng she creates works, but when it does it is sensational. Hypnotic Poison, Bulgari Black and Lolita Lempicka are all transgressive stunners for adventurous boys. 
I can only wear this in the cool months because like Vibert says, this one comes swinging out of the gate with heavy-handed milky sweet density and doesn't quit for hours.  However, the beauty of this is that it loves to be layered, lending its rich and decadent firepower to other fragrances that open beautifully but fade to nothing or fade to awful.  
I cannot begin to explain how much I love this frag.
It is pure deliciousness in a bottle. So sweet and 
sexy it hurts. The perfect frag for a date, or when 
one need some loving from ones hubby ... many
men find the smell of HP irresistible, women too!
Of all the perfumes I have ever owned, this frag is
the one which has gotten me the most compliments.

This is some strong juice, though, so for Gods sake
use it sparely, otherwise you'll suffercate your sur-
roundings, as the sillage is unbelievable.

Gourmand creme de la creme, dosn't get much better
than this ... mums!

If you wanna spent the extra dough, buy the Elixir,
it'll last you longer, as it's an Eau de Parfum Intensé
(it has an added star anise note, though).

Thumbs up..!


Fizzy vanilla, bitter almond, a hint of rich dark cocoa... It smells so delicious I feel like drinking this stuff! But HYPNOTIC POISON is far from being overtly gourmand nor strongly feminine (I smell no jasmine); I wouldn't hesitate for a second to recommend it to those who enjoy 'fizzy frags' like Myrrhe Ardente, 1969 Parfums de Revolte or even Escada Magnetism. To them I say forget 'magnetic', go 'hypnotic'. This one plays for keeps. 
I only discovered this recently and it is the elixir version that  I am referring to.
Very addictive, heady, gourmand/woodsy scent that suits winter evening time
wear. Almonds and vanilla dominate but not in a cloying way. Excellent sillage and 
lasting power. There is something magical about this beautiful creation.
The perfumer Annick Menardo, who seems to have struck gold with this addition to the Dior Poison stable.
Hmmm, I tried it on during the past few days, although I have been avoiding it forever...I was prejudiced I guess and always associated it with something heavy, the kind a more mature lady would wear (btw, I'm 25). But, it was a surprise...a pleasant one. There is something immensely wistful about this fragrance, it's very haunting and has the power to evoke some strong emotions. Upon trying it on, I ended considering it the love child between Dune and Dior Addict: it has the strong, sensuous vanilla from Addict; and the bitter, haunting notes that I find in the drydown of Dune. It wraps around me, not letting me go for hours and hours and it projects absolutely beautifully. Dare I "commit" to a FB? I don't know yet...
I'm usually lazy and not the type to often write up long winding reviews with flowery language, but I felt the need to point out that this is an excellent unisex gourmand/oriental, especially in the EDP Intense concentration.Anyways, this pretty much has nothing to do with the original Poison. The regular EDT version of Hypnotic Poison, made by Annick Menardo who also gave us the wonderful and weird Patchouli 24, Bvlgari Black, and Bois d'Armenie, is a velvety bittersweet vanilla-almond oriental with coumarin, heliotrope, and some oakmoss to stop it from falling into the sweet-toothed-girl category. (Don't get me wrong though, HP *IS* very sweet, but it is so in an intelligent way and not teeny-sweet) I found the EDT to fall short and turn quite thin on the dry-down too quickly as well as being quite bland after a while.On the other hand, is the EDP Intense aka Hypnotic Poison Elixir, an EU-exclusive rework done by Francois Demachy.  (Eau Sauvage Fraîcheur Cuir, Dior Homme Cologne, etc) In addition to the extra longevity and sillage along with the original base of HP, there is added notes of salty licorice and star anise. This new element makes the scent more complex, deeper, darker, slightly smokier, and more interesting -- making it formidable competition to heliotrope-heavy niche scents like Cuir Beluga. Overall, compared to the EDT, this is much more satisfying, especially for those of us who are deep into niche territory.
Absolutely the best gourmand for a man. Yes, for a man. Bittersweet, enigmatic and sensual. She’ll love you for it. Intelligent application required: 1 to 2 sprays maximum.
Sure wish I had tried this one sooner!  Hypnotic Poison is a wonderfully wearable gourmand, with a tantalizing juxtaposition of bitter and sweet.  Although not listed in the note pyramid, there is a heliotrope like effect, maybe from combining the bitter almond top and the vanilla base...at any rate, it is slightly powdery - simultaneously soft & sharp.  Interesting.  It reminds me very much of KenzoAmour - the "inedible vanilla".   At it's heart, the jasmine and moss keep the entire potion from being too sweet.  Worthy of a test run, for sure!
1. YES> I am a man!!!2. YES> I love this scent!!!3. YES> I wear this scent!!!4. NO> I never tell anybody what it is!!!5. Yes> Everybody loves to smell it on me!!!This is my secret hidden treasure....I almost didnt try to pull it off! Thanks from a pep talk from Sir Salty.....I smell amazing!
Hypnotic is the only one of the Poisons that I like enough to wear. This is another one of those scents that I overlooked in the past, but finally gave in and gave a chance. Hypnotic Poison is definately a cool or cold weather scent, and I only reserve it for the chilliest weather. The opening right out of the bottle smells a lot like a root beer float - not as pungent as pure sassafrass, but creamy as opposed to sweet. Apparently this is the scent you get when you mix caraway and bitter almond(?) The middle and base notes seem to sort of meld together instead of properly develop, but it's a cozy blend of musky jasmine vanilla and smokey woods, without being too dry.
I'm new to this one, I liked it on a friend but she practically marinated in it so was always a little overwhelming. I was also wary as I really did not like the original Poison. I have now bought some and at one squirt shared around my pulse points its beautiful, any more and I think it would be too much on me. None of the notes are individually distinctive on me just a beautifull blend of smells. My problem now is keeping it away from my teenage daughter as she tried it and fell in love! 
I'm a little mad now that I've tried Hypnotic Poison.  Mad at the basenotes community, mad at the fragrance world, and even a little mad at Dior.  There is no good reason that I should have had to stumble across this myself, and there is no good reason that this fragrance isn't discussed at all, or even mentioned, when discussing other greats in the 'woody gourmand' genre.  I will seek to correct this in the upcoming weeks whenever possible.  Dior shares some blame in making this gem a Poison flanker instead of having the balls (and budget) to give it a distinct name and bottle - but then again we just know how Dior love to make flankers instead of properly art directing and marketing a new fragrance (Exhibit B: Dior Homme Sport).  Perhaps if people didn't associate Hypnotic Poison with it evil older sister Poison it would be more successful and well known.Anyway, I came across HP when I realized Annick Menardo is the perfumer of many fragrances I really enjoy.  Lolita Lempicka, Body Kouros, Jaipur, Oriental Brulent and even Boss Bottled (the one and only decent Boss fragrance, IMO) are all in the oriental/woody/gourmand style I love so.  Reading the BN reviews I started seeking out an inexpensive bottle and sample, but Dior didn't make it easy as HP isn't in all the malls and it's quite pricey for a designer flanker.HP starts of with a thick almond/honey accord.  The fact that the almond note is bitter keeps it from ever becoming too sweet.  The fragrance meanders with touches of vanilla, amber, woody notes, and florals while all the while retaining the bitter almond accord that acts as the backbone of the fragrance.  As with other Menardo fragrances, HP is never a full gourmand because there's enough going on that has nothing to do with food, but the effect is a fragrance delicious enough to want to spread on ice cream, just like a gourmand.  The base becomes musky as the bitter almond slowly fades out, replaced by a woody/amber.  Not a woody/amber like every crap men's fragrance these days has an Iso E Super woody/amber, but a real wood notes and amber notes base.There are those guys who will insist anything with a gourmand note or that comes in a feminine-marketed bottle cannot be worn by men.  This is an unfortunate viewpoint for these guys because they're really missing out.  HP is a fragrance that would be sexy on a woman but equally unisex and interesting on a guy as well.  I haven't played with it long enough to judge sillage, but longevity is pretty good, about 6-8 hours.High recommendation.
I had the chance to try this at the store on a test strip. I was a bit perplexed that it somewhat smelled like a sunny day at the beach to me. Suntan lotion,sweat,hot dry air and all I could think of was BEACH. Then...the very next day I went back to the same store and put it on my skin...OOOO AHHH Vanilla! Bam! what a beautiful scent. It was insanely yummy. Lasting power is great also but I can say this is one you'll have to be careful with as to not overdo it. I think a little goes a long way. My 11yo is asking me to buy it for HER!  lolI would recommend this as a FB purchase.
I bought this as soon as it came out after smelling on a scent strip.  Absolutely irresistable.  Lo and behold, my body chemistry dealt it a smart judo chop turning it into something no one would want to wear and sent it packing.  I continued to pick up the bottle and sniff it because it is so heart breakingly lovely, alluring and sexy.  Eureka, I now spritz a little on the light bulb in my bedroom which treats it far more kindly than my body does.  Not that I'm recommending it as a room spray, it deserves too much respect for that, but at least I still get to enjoy it occasionally.  If you can wear it, I'm jealous.  Very sexy.
My two faves-- Hypnotic Poison and Lolita Lempicka original-- smell like nothing else out there.  I wore this briefly in my early 20s and have come back to it almost 10 years later.  It adds je ne sais quoi to my work wardrobe as well as jeans.  Comfortingly sexy, warm, distinctive.  Definitely a cool weather scent.  A spray on each wrist lasts a good 8 hours-- lucky me!  
I love this fragrance, it lasts ages on me and is so so yummy!!I only gave it 4 stars though because some people don't like it and it's not very friendly to others
This is my all time favorite perfume; it's simply great, I liked it from the very first moment I smelled it [this doesn't happen too often] and in my opinion the best from all the 'Poison' collection. It's unique, sexy, oriental...it has everything it needs in order to satisfy a woman's tastes, and not only. And, another important aspect, I don't really have a problem with its longevity, it lasts pretty much on my skin, even though some of my friends complain that it fades away fast. Anyway, all in all, I love it, I'd clearly recommend it.
I should begin by saying that about a year ago, I could NOT stand this scent!  But, I had only sniffed the spray nozzle and spritzed a piece of paper from the mall. No, no, no, no, no. That is not the way to smell this fragrance. Just recently, I felt like trying this out on my skin because of all the rave reviews and also smelling it on a friend.  That compelled me to give it a whirl again, but this time I tried it on my skin. I misted my wrist from a good distance, and immediately it smelled beautiful, very alluring scent! Yup, it was the Hypnotic Poison that I had just sprayed. Wow, who knew? I let it sit for about 10 minutes, and sniffed my wrist. One words: HEAVEN. This is one captivating scent! It is a vanilla scent, but not your typical sugary sweet vanilla scent. It's not foody at all. Very mellow and deep. I think the bitter almond note tames the sweetness of the vanilla. If you spray too much, you might get a root beer and playdough scent from it, but if you mist it, and then wait, it should begin to work very well. It's a bit pricey though. The 1.7 oz retails at $56 and the 3.4 oz is I believe about $78. It comes in an interesting red, apple shaped bottle with a black, rounded top. You can't really see how much fragrance you have left, so that's a slight downfall. Although I like heavy glass perfume bottles, this bottle truly suits the scent it holds. Lasting power is AMAZING. This will last you all day and then some. I would go very, very, easy on the sprays. Too much will certainly ruin this fragrance and make you and others sick to their stomachs. 
This is by far my number 1 fragrance for women. It's vanillic sweet, soften with a touch of almond and jasmine. The almond  and moss scent appear to be a bit leathery, taming the wild sweetness of vanilla and jasmine accord. Well blend and longevity is superb!
As a man I don't like women fragrances (maybe it's supposed we like them when women wear it which is still not the case...) however so far there is only one fragrance which can instantly turn me on and make me want jumping on the woman wearing this and that's Hypnotic Poison. Respect to this scent!
I got a decant of this last year and didn't much care for it.  I don't know what happened, but I sprayed some on my wrist tonight and WOW.  Maybe my body chemistry changed, but this is just lovely.  It's definitely a fall/winter scent full of spice.  The vanilla isn't overwhelming (I'm not much of a vanilla fan--its always smells on the cheap side to me) and is pleasantly offset by the woody notes.  I'm buying a bottle this week.
Sprayed Dior's Hypnotic Poison from a sample.  Can I break out of analysis mode and just say, "mmmmmmmm"?Yummy almonds, vanilla, cherry, caramel, burnt sugar, cotton candy, salt, soft wood, and maybe some patchouli...so far. I get a little bit of a sweet latex rubber note (or play doh, depending how you perceive it) similar to what I have smelled in Burberry Brit and Gaultier2, but not as strong here. This is a far cry from Midnight Poison (which I sprayed and almost immediately scrubbed a couple weeks ago).I am getting some floral notes now--not sure what, but white floral, it seems. If it is jasmine, it is a very clean version. It could also be ylang ylang, and possibly a touch of rose since it seems to be a little bit spicy. What a pretty gourmand this is! Rich but not overpowering, feminine and well balanced.And it just hit me that it reminds me a little bit of Chanel Coco, but mostly from what it evokes for me when I smell it rather than any similarity in composition. I think it might be the almonds--the note is penetrating and astringent, bitter and sweet. This same "bite" is in Coco, and I love it.  In the late drydown, it is reminiscent of Kenzo Amour.

I know I've tried this before.  Probably during a sniffing excursion with my mother at Macy's long ago, I tried and liked.  It was before I became "serious" about perfumes.  I am reminded of a sweet, candied accord, well-blended, where notes are difficult to discern.  Sweet, yet floral.  Medicinal in a holistic-formula way.  An odd mix, but delightful.

The top notes blur.  Pretty.  Notes here, I find are difficult to identify individually. Well-blended is good.  Makes me believe I am smelling something special, well thought out.  Bafflement, as I call it secretly, is what I crave.

It smells almost like the taste, of candy cigarettes or those candy necklaces we would buy as a child, in the late 60's / early 70's.  Still, the slightest hints of herbs, dried herbs of some sort, in the background.  And then, a cloud of oriental-style notes, move in.  Sugary still, but with more woodiness and amber, later on.  An almost caramel feel as well...  Creamy, milky magnificently feminine even later...
There is really nothing I can say that hasn't been said already. I agree with other reviewers who have called this particular Burberry offering pleasant, comforting, warm, boring, and entirely forgettable. It's been a few years since I've worn this, and I'd like to give it another try. I'm not above boring.

EDIT: After a few weeks on this site, I realize that I've been a Michael Almairec fan for years and didn't even know it. I'll definitely give this another go.
I miss this scent.  When I get a chance I'm going to pick it up again.  This one is classy and lingering.  It is a good blend for a non-floral day.
I'm male. My wife has this bottle and I've worn the juice several times. It's almost too much at the top, but the dry down is wonderful and addictive. I consider it unisex, but I like to wear some other feminine fragrances as well so it could just be me. She also has the flanker Brit Sheer which I'd like to swap for something else. (Her third bottle right now is Chanel No. 5 Eau de Parfum which works nicely on my skin - I love that stuff). 

On my wife, the Burberry projection and sillage is just ok. I think she's light on the sprays.

I think this is a good fragrance for staying with its wearer during the day (it doesn't fade too quickly or give me olfactory fatigue).
I love when something surprises me and makes me question what I think I know about myself.

On paper, I would have never given this scent a chance. Until I smelled Burberry Classic, my favorite perfume was Prada Prada. I thought I only liked resinous, powdery, earthy scents. I was positive that I hated gourmand or fruity perfumes. 

But on a whim, one day I sprayed Burberry Classic on me while shopping in a department store. 30 minutes later, I was retracing my steps to the fragrance counter to purchase what was the most delicious thing I'd ever smelled. I wanted to eat my own arm. This perfume and my body chemistry are like totally LYLAS BFFs. 

Just a few months later, and I'm already on my second bottle. I REGRET NOTHING! Honestly, I've never craved a scent as much as I do this. I feel sort of sad on the days I choose another scent from my wardrobe. I'm always eager to come home, shower, and put my Burberry back on. Burberry Women is just comfortable. It's comforting. It's home.
     To me and my untrained nose, this has a light rosy scent to me.  I guess that is the geranium that my nose is picking up from it.  I like it very much as it is not harsh or screechy.  I like the way it makes me feel when i wear it; calm and serene.  
     I am new to describing notes or accords of fragrances, but they seem to put you into a sort of a halo of scent for lack of a better way to describe it.  Some halos seem to imprison you in them making you want to escape from it, others make you feel comfortable and serene inside it.   This fragrance does the later for me.
This smells so gorgeous on my skin, it's absolute heaven in a bottle. It's a great scent for any occasion, it's comforting and feminine.

A new favorite, I'll keep buying this one. Love the warm, cosy way I feel wearing it. I am going to try the other Burberry scents as well.
very ellegant perfume, for evening wear.However it has a "cleaness" in it that allows you to use it in daytime too without being heavy and annoying for others. I cannot descibe how it smells like and which the main ingredients are-a fact that surprises me-
i get something like woods, amber and flowers from it. definately will buy it again and i advise everyone to try it.
On e of my favourites, since first getting a bottle around 4 years ago it is one of the only ones that I always replace... it's an essential now.

Warm, creamy, soft, intimate, peachy, and individual... it's also quite classy and yet sweet and endearing.  I get a lot of compliments when I wear it and people always want to know what it is.  I've also had a hard time finding it as it's been invariably listed or advertised as different names, subsequently I purchased a bottle of Burberry London, thinking that's what it was only to be disappointed as I don't really like London much...
Interesting — obviously a fragrance that performs differently on different skins.  I think it is a shape shifter because I get somewhat different reactions every time I test it.  It begins with an accord that I have difficulty categorizing.  I get a soft creamy lavender / bergamot accord and definitely some mint, but I don’t get an herbal effect from the mint or the thyme.  At first I didn’t smell any fruit in the mix, but each time I tested it, the fruit note became more apparent.  But even after several testings, the opening accord has not become excessively sweet. It’s an excellent opening that I’ve come to appreciate.  It gives a neutral warm feeling without emphasizing any particular note.  I find it abstract, quite modern, and casual.  The heart of the fragrance IS identifiable — it is woody and creamy.  To my nose, the cedar and sandalwood stand out with the strong assistance of the geranium and the jasmine.  I love this middle accord — the cedar is beautifully presented because it is used with such discretion.  It has a warmth to it that I usually don’t get from cedar, and the middle accords are long lasting and entirely sniffable.  The drydown turns somewhat recessive, though.  The amber simply doesn’t come through for me, although the sweetness of the tonka and some vanilla does.  Without the amber, the drydown strikes me as rather thin.  In spite of the drydown, this is a good fragrance:  It’s never going to be a classic, but it’s a pretty fragrance that will hold its own as a trustworthy casual.  The top levels are enjoyable and competently done.  The drydown could and should be fuller and broader, but all things considered, it’s a thumbs’ up.  


Burberry Women is a clean, yet warm, musky fragrance that is subtle as an everyday perfume. BW is the girl next door, she was taught to be polite and sophisticated, yet down to earth and always approachable. I love that this perfume is not a floral, yet so feminine. It has an ambery, woodsy, vanillic base, with a hint of spice. Its sweet, but not too sweet. I love the musk  and apple notes I smell in this. The apple makes this scent a real snuggler. It brings to mind moods of staying in, with a loved one, watching a movie, fire place roaring, and red wine on hand. This is a perfume that may always be in my wardrobe because its such a no brainer scent.  Its one of my go to perfumes for good reason. Its last forever on me and lies close to my skin. Those who are lucky enough to get close enough to catch a whiff, will no doubt be charmed.  This fragrance is the ultimate Burberry.  The best of all the others.
This sure is nice when the temperature is below 10 F.  It makes you feel warm and cozy.  I do pick perfumes sometimes based on how they make me feel and this one is warmth to me.  I'm a big fan of vanilla and amber so that may also have something to do with why the more I wear this the more I like it.  I bought it for the first time years ago when it was Burberry London.

Was in the Burberry store today and was told that Burberry London is being discontinued.  Because at one point this was known as Burberry, then Burberry London, and then back to Burberry I went into a panic.  They didn't have any of the plain Burberry.  Went to Sephora this afternoon and bought a bottle of Burberry just on case they decide to discontinue.  Also bought some Burberry The Beat while at the Burberry store.

I'm so tired of the perfume companies reformulating and discontinuing.  When I was in Sephora I tried a couple of scents.  All the new perfumes smell alike to me.   Artificial vanilla, overly floral, or overly citrus are predominant.  They all have a chemical smell and hurt my nose.  That's why I'm buying extra of the ones I like.
Does anyone else get...MOLASSES?? And I mean that in a very, very good way, lie the really dark, strong stuff that sits way back in the pantry, just waiting to be added to some luxurious, yet simple, treat. Maybe this is what another reviewer called "carmel apple." Yeah. I get that. Yummy. Just add black current and spice and you've got me hooked. Very original. Syrupy but somehow not in a bad way, probably due to the cedar in the base. Ok I'm getting molasses again.
Oh how I adore this scent. It was my signature for YEARS and now I'm trying to find something new and break my habit. *sigh*No sillage??? are you kidding? this fragrance wafts in the air for me- albeit shortly compared to some other scents I own (Bulgari; Bright Crystal).I always get compliments on how I smell when wearing this- it is so inviting. Men adore it and I agree that it is very much unisex in smell. I love the apple and warm amber smell. It reminds me of a caramel apple- and who doesn't like those?To me, it is along the lines of Versace Signature pour femme. It is unassuming yet daring. I love it!
I would like to echo the business perfection of this.  Burberry classic is a beautiful mix that is feminine enough to embrace, but masculine enough to make this perfect for wearing perfume that doesn't scream for male attention.  Our first impression on first sniff was... British.  
Usually, I prefer some *sillage*. But this skin scent is so elegant and simple, it is impossible not to respect. It's a perfect balance of elements (i.e., fruit, musk, leather), which create something feminine yet staid. It has a very identifiable character and "personality", which I consider a hallmark of a great perfume.This is my scent for when I need to be "pulled-together" and business-like. And yet it isn't at all unsexy.Don't let the fruity designation or the top notes put you off: this is no teenage sweetie-pie. 
This is a wonderful scent, and quite unisex, IMO. The opening is an interesting blend of fruits (peach and apple are both identifiable) and harder to define spice notes. This opening is a little bit loud, but relatively unique, and quite pleasing.I have no idea where the topnotes in the pyramid above came from; they doesn't reflect the opening at all.As the scent evolves, it gradually dries into a very dry, dusty, almost resinous amber and mossy sandalwood accord, which maintains softening sweet element. I could swear that there's good helping of oakmoss in there, but I could be wrong. This compelling and versatile drydown is why I don't hesitate to wear this scent myself. My girlfriend likes it (finally, she likes something other than a vanilla-beast oriental!!), but I steal it occasionally. Big thumbs up. 
a perfume with a happy tone...
Though not my personal favorite, it seems that guys seem to really like this scent.  Doesn't seem very feminine to me.

Not overly fruity.  Lively pink pepper, floral-like smell.  A wintry vibe.  A pretty, gentle layer of patchouli and frankincense.  A touch of foody spice.  Light wood.  Overall this would make a great holiday, candle scent.  No one note really shines, for me.  Smells rather "mainstream" but I enjoy it for some reason.  Not extraordinary enough to warrant such a high price.
Excellent uniting of a myriad of thoughtfully selected fragrance notes! 

Jo Malone's Pomegranate Noir includes:
Top = raspberry, pomegranate, plum, rhuburb, watermelon;  
Heart = lily-of-the-valley, jasmine, rose, pink pepper, clove, olibanum resin (frankincense), opoponax resin (sweet brown myrrh), guaiac wood;
Base = virginia cedar, patchouli, musk, amber.

The meshing of exotic edible and non-edible fragrant notes  yield a scent full of woody, fruity, resinous and spicy accords. It's rich, pungent, powdery, dark, and has a "mature" quality to it which younger wearers may not connect easily with.

Both men and women can enjoy this deep fragrance especially during cooler weather and for informal occasions. Longevity is great, and sillage is nice!

Enthusiastic thumbs up for this masterpiece! 
CdG Fructose
Tom Ford Black Pepper Berry
Terre d'Her Fruitchouli
Best Perfume Ever. Period. Usually don't care for woodsy notes and especially mixed with fruit but this one is great and lasts for several hours. Wear it almost every day.
My introduction to Pomegranate Noir came through a charming man arriving for a pre-theatre get together wearing it and within minutes being surrounded by the assembled company telling him how nice he smelled. The charming man, being a charming man, was somewhat embarrassed by this reaction and got all self-conscious. 
So, compliment hunters, this may be one to try – it projects well and has an oozy, spicy-woody warmth with plenty of the sweets.
Wearing it myself, I find myself transported back to that evening, but that is of no help to you dear reader. So let’s describe a little of what happens when you depress that sprayer. A quick burst of juicy fruity notes – sour-sweet pomegranate and luscious perfumery plums – marks the top, perhaps enough to justify the name, but they recede to the fringes in no time to make way for the deep accord that is the main event. Whatever combination of woody aromachemicals were used in this one, they sure got it right – that woody base is sweet but chewy, with gourmand enticements to tempt you into biting the wearer. Spices like clove and cinnamon (initially heavy but then settling in the mix), hints of smoky incense and dark patchouli round things out. It smells instantly familiar but you will be hard pressed to find another perfume resembling it. Has a delicious mouldiness lurking in the depths which flatters that woody base no end. Sensual without coming across all glandular. 
There’s an instant gratification aspect to Pomegranate Noir that can cross the line into the unsubtle – and it can tire over the long run. But wear it with discretion and walk on that heavenly perfumed cloud.     


Complex, sweet, addictive...

This is such a deep and complex one. It's polarising too, as not everyone will like this I think. I personally received a bad compliment from it, but I don't really care, I like it too much!

The overwhelming notes here are cloves and fruits, mainly plum and pomegranate. I would describe this as a "dry" fragrance. It's not juicy fruit you are dealing with but dried berries. Like the smell of goji berries, if you have ever tried them. The smell reminds me of that.

So I get berries and dark fruits, mixed with incense and clove smoke. Like the smell of menthol or clove cigarettes actually. It is very mysterious. I like it.

I wouldn't recommend wearing it in any high heat, as it's very medicinal in some aspects and can come across as a little harsh and/or "weird". But again, I believe that every fragrance has a time and a place so... I will continue to wear it.

To me this is a love or hate. I love it, but try before you buy. This has a very "unique" smell so if you are looking for a smell which no one else will have, go for this. I would also say that pomegranate is a note I rarely see used in perfumery, and for <i>Jo Malone</i> to pair it up with cloves and incense offers a delicious, interesting twist on it all. I really like it, and the longevity is so good, at least six or seven hours. For an eau de cologne concentration (supposedly) this is quite a feat. Try it if you are looking for something different.

Talk about SMOKEY, SEDUCTIVE, AND EASILY WORN. (THE BATH OIL... WOW!)

No need for resin, or tobacco to spice up your fall fragrances. Pomegranate Noir won it over for me once I tried it on my skin accompanied with that fantastic body cream. The spice really tapers around the fruity accents, but really rolls off woody once the bass notes are around to rock it out for the rest of the trip.

The Pomegranate Noir Chronicle Set (Get it, it's wonderful!) includes 3 outside fragrances that are within the Pom. Noir fragrance itself. Such as, Raspberry (very light and tart) the Casablanca Lilly (classy, with a kick of a seasoned floral) and finally the Guacaia Wood (as if you've plucked a strip of the bark off... ah!) The set allows you to accent the Pom. Noir in many ways, and I have so much fun even using them in my other fragrances.

Unisex is the way to go, after all.. a smell is a smell, and it's best to be told "You smell great! ..what is that?" rather than.. "That Angel smells divine on you." -for all those gourmand lovers.


Pomegranate starts of, with patchouli added after a few moments.  Later a spicy and light peppery component is added, which after about half an hour becomes prominent without ever losing a touch of freshness in the drydown. The change from the top note to the darker tone is accompanied by occasional green elements.  This is an interesting fragrance, with decent silage and projection and a good longevity of four hours on me. One of the more remarkable Jo Malone creations. 
Pomegranate and a zing of pepper — not too sweet.

Since I'm not a fan of fruits, I layer this with the sweet, powdery, light spice of JM Ginger and Nutmeg. It makes for a gorgeous mix, more complex, less gourmand and spice than incense.
I get a bit of fruit for about 30 seconds, and then (strangely, as it's not listed in the fragrance profile) tons and tons of cloves. About 10-15 minutes later, I get a strong cedar/fir scent underlying the cloves. Eventually, the dry-down becomes a mix of cedar and nutmeg (some of my favorite parts of a typical men's cypher) that keeps me sniffing at my wrist for more. The scent really changes drastically over the time that you wear, and lasts 10-12 hours, although is nearly unrecognizable from when you first put it on. Still, I like it. 
I recently tried a sample of this scent and really like it.  
On me it smells warm, deep, exotic and yet powdery.  The scent lasts a long time.  

Planning to get some to alternate with Fig for winter months. 
My favorite is still Orange Blossom layered with Red Roses.  
As my introduction to Jo Malone, I received this as a gift from a relative of mine, after finding the fragrance completely bewitching on her.  This is a very elegant, beautifully crafted scent that smells as expensive as the price tag indicates.  It is definitely fruity, but not a fresh, crisp fruity - more like a carefully aged pomegranate liqueur.  The warm, spicy notes of pink pepper, patchouli, frankincense, and woods do remind me of potpourri, but not in a bad way.  Even with all of these earthier notes, the fragrance still smells clean somehow, and not too heavy or sickening, as one might expect.  Although this is designed to be combined with other Jo Malone scents, it's still a beautiful, sultry, and complex fragrance on it's own, and I have yet to smell anything like it.  The staying power is also outstanding - better than any perfume I have ever tried, high-end or low-end.  I have sprayed just a little bit of this on my neck and have still been able to smell it several days later without having to reapply.  

That being said, I can understand why many people would not care for this fragrance.  I am more partial to the fresher scents myself for everyday wear, but the occasional spritz of this (a little goes a long way) is still an intriguing and sexy delight.   
Good evening scent. Can be very over powering if over done but if delicately done it lasts well and smells great.
  Wow! just wow! I'm speachless.. I'm smitten! My review could actually end right here... well ok let me explain a little more why am I so thrilled. Pomegranate Noir is the same kind of a case as Black Vetyver Cafe. For a long time I was rather not getting myself into trying more of the Jo Malones, and that's because of my horrible experience with Lime Basis & Mandarin which was a total scrubber, a horrible harsh bunch of herbs with an absolute zeroof the promised juicy mandarin... ok but it's not about the Lime Basil & Mandarin right now, it's about Pomegranate Noir. I thought all "colognes" were suppost to be Demeter-like-type. Too linear, with not enough "ooomph" and just bland. God, Pomegranate Noir is everything but bland and linear. When I first spirtzed it on my skin, my senses were awakaned. I love, LOVE, LOOOVE incense/frankincense. Pomegranate Noir has a HUGE kick of frankincense. If you are not an incense type of a person - STAY FAR, FAR AWAY. It is more incensy and rich than my beloved CdG incense series! Is that even possible? Well, yeah! Now I know it is. The incense rather dry and very potpourri-like. The pomegranate note is just the biggest mystery for me here. It adds just a touch of ripe fruitiness to the whole composition. 

  I asked my boyfriend to smell my wrist. Now he loves the more feminine & romantic kind of perfumes on me. His opiniom? "Ummm.... ummm!!" I was like: "Sooooo...?" His reply: "if you smell like this... there is only one place I wanna take you to, actually we are actually already here... our bedroom...". After an exciting hour of love-making he told me this smells like pure, raw, primitive sex to him! He told me it's the most sexual fragrance one could ever pull off. Red silk dress? Yes, but ript off of the skin in a very primitive act. Believe me I've tried many incense fragrances... none of them have that much "oooomph". Pomegranate Noir isn't softened by anything. It's so dry, raw that not anyone will be able to pull that one off. Even the slight pomegranate note seems to enhance it's rawness and adds a "kinky" touch to it, rather than softens it. It's the hardcore perfumery exposed in it's more exciting state.
I'm on my second bottle of this. My favourite Jo Malone perfume and my second favourite perfume altogether. It's a floral but a dark one and I mean that in the best way possible. Those type of perfumes tend to be what I love in a scent so this is why it suits me wonderfully. Masculine and feminine notes working in harmony which is why this one makes it hard to explain ; the notes all balance each other out so it's hard to pinpoint the prominent feature. All I know is that I love it and I have no doubt I'll be buying it again.
Almost hypnotic and almost cloying, almost overwhelming and almost too sweet, this fragrance is sudden and wanton and reminiscent of smelling something in flower - something breath-taking and beautiful one hot, summer's night.  And whilst it's almost too matter-of-fact in its linearity, the shades and tones that rise and fall as it fades are quite lovely - spice and wood and that almost pungently sweet raspberry cordial.  I think it best worn on one's stomach to allow its presence to inveigle itself as a kind of miasma wafting about one.  This fragrance is best applied very, very frugally.  It is one of those that people will crane forward to enjoy but, recoil from with equal vigour when over used.

Love ...LOVE ...LOVE....reminds me of christmas??...must be the frankincense...and the woody smell....truly a great scent for fall/winter...i layer this with d/g "the one"....3 d/g to 1 j/m pom noir.
The only fruity fragrance I can wear without smelling like a farmer's market stall gone wrong.  Aside from the quality of any Jo Malone fragrance, it has to be the combination of the peppers and pomegranate with the other spicy elements.  It manages to smell sweet, clean, earthy, spicy, warm and just... delicious... without smelling over the top gourmand.  Lovely!
Finally a perfume that sort of resembles Jungle, L'Elephant by Kenzo which I adore; its absolutely unique. BUT Jungle is very hard to find & I sense it will be discontinued soon. So Pom' Noir would be my next choice.Hildy
I like this one a lot. I think it is very, very similar to Sequoia by Comme des Garcons. But I like this one a bit better because it is slightly sharper, and it has overall more volume to it. Pomegranate Noir is very linear scent without any depth. That’s okay; it smells very good and that’s it.PN is a simple and wonderful story of red fruits and woods. Indeed, it smells very red woody – just like Sequoia. Warm, fruity and slightly spicy medicinal (clove). Sweet and a tad bitter. Little bit boozy, too.I keep thinking my late grandfathers garden which was filled up with different kind of apple trees, plum trees, raspberry and other berry bushes; red currants, black currants, gooseberries... All very ripe, sweet and warmed by sunlight. Hedge full of waxy and bitter leaves gives its own distant shade.Pomegranate Noir is very long lasting. If you find sweet, dark and fruity scent with woods intriguing, then this is a must try.
Warm and wearable and lasts for ages superb lasting power on my skin, Its more of a winter scent and the 30ml bottle is perfect for travels.
This is delightful.  A warm and spicy red fruit scent, opening with a terrific waft of clove and citrus.  It reminds me of those homemade orange pomander balls studded with cloves, the ones that you place in your closet to make it smell good.  After the opening of clove and spice, the fruit emerges, including a fermented, wine-y note that hovers over a base that's woody, sharp and dry. Very nice, very grown-up, NOIR most definitely! Love this.
The official story says that Jo Malone was insired by a friend wearing a red dress to create this scent. Fact: It is the most masculine JM. Even her Vetiver is more difficult to be warn by a man.Everybody comments on how well it transfers the smell of pomegrenates in a bottle.Fact: pomegrenate doesn't smell to me. Not even a light herbal smell. This is why I hat it.Having said that I urge you to try this perfume as it is the most vibrant, inexplicable perfume I have ever warn. It manages to accomadate completely conflicting notes, and keep them side by side until the deepest of drydowns. First I get hit by a brief burst of melon, then an almost violent burst if campphor, followed by the sweetes cloves you' ve evers smelled. And then all the other ingredients that others have reported but I cannot separate. But what is most intriguing is that it lasts for hours and during the whole time you can inhale on your wrist and still be able to smell ALL the notes you have smelled during the progression of the fragrance. a truely amazing accomplishment. The only negative comment is that it feels sort of like a megalith. Sometimes I feel overpowered by it and I have to abandon it for several months in order to fully appreciate it again.
I'm a fan of scents in the wood/spice/musk family and Pomegranate Noir is a fine one. The fruit note makes it a lighter alternative to my other, heavier scents in the wood/spice family.
A great mixer. So this is a real nice fruity/smoky scent on it's own but the best thing to do with this is spray it on top of one of your other scents. It starts out sweet, very sweet to me but if you spray it on say an amber or woory scent it takes on the other scent and adds a real nice layer to it. It's one that people always ask me what I have on when I'm wearing it . 
Revised review
I hadn’t thought I would like it.  I assumed that it would be very berry/fruity.  Although not bottle-worthy for me, I always find it intriguing.  The scent has been called "enigmatic" and I agree.
The fruit notes start as bright, pleasant, natural, juicy, and not at all faux-synthetic.  Later, they become subtle, dry and complex.  Spices tingle in the background.  The patchouli emerges -- at times earthy-brown, at times metallic, at times tangy (all typical traits).  The scent settles into a nice incense-wood vibe.


This is a beautiful fragrance - dark and fruity - its good for mixing with non complex - I like it with Armand Basi Hiomme and with Taylor's of Bond St Sandalwood Cologne.  The dry down is nice on this and it lingers in the background.
I vaguely remembered that in Greek mythology, poor Persephone had something to do with pomegranates. But did you know that in Exodus the High Priest had images of pomegranetes woven into his robe? That Leonardo and Boticelli featured pomegranates in their Madonna and Infant paintings? That the Qu'ran mentions pomegranates will be  in Paradise?  Or that some Hebrew scholars speculate that the pomegranate was the forbidden fruit in The Garden of Eden?No? It's OK, neither did I.  I looked it up in Wikipedia.Be forewarned though, according to the same: "The pomegranate also evoked the presence of the Aegean Triple Goddess who evolved into the Olympian Hera, who is sometimes represented offering the pomegranate. "So reviewers, myself included, better watch what we say---one diety you do NOT want to piss off  is The Triple Moon Goddess.How does Jo's offering stack up? Longevity is very good. I could still smell it on my skin 9 hours later. This is a   linear scent, so be certain you like it--as you'll be stuck with it for 9+ hours.Sophisticated and unusual. However now that some time has passed I concur with Vibert--it no longer puts me in a good mood, either. Furthermore, I believe women can be better served by this one. The Bride in Kill Bill immediately comes to mind.M.
at the beginning, this smells exactly like cheap little cinnamon red hot candies.  and I love it!
Soothing plums guide frankincense and patchouli into a field of tangy pomegranate and blushing raspberries; who chime in with their own tartness and special zing. With exquisite depth, the pomegranate unravels to feature a myriad of scents; each reminiscent of something great. Dark cherry and cinnamon with dried leaves and sweet scarlet roses and a dash of honey-sweetness are just two of the multitude of creations that this wonderful fragrance can induce visions of. The pomegranate notes become apparent as fighters; as the scent settles on your skin and dries down, the pomegranate still lives and remains the top note. However, that doesn't mean that it dominates the scent and disallows a proper development; rather, the pomegranate allows a generous amount of woods to bleed through, while whoring the bitter notes. There is not much sweetness here, even with the influence of frankincense and raspberries. Rather than sweetening the scent as a whole, they serve to bite out the severe bitterness that such a strong pomegranate carries. Even with the presence of patchouli, containing this particular note of pomegranate is hard, but very well done -- the result is something that's shy of being bitter, but not bland. The fact that pomegranate is showcased here could have resulted in the scent being very linear and bland, but the design and structure of this scent is so well-done and rugged, that there is no room to think that it is merely pomegranate.The drydown is, by far, the most unbelievable of any fragrance I have ever smelled. In fact, I wore this scent four different times in one day just to relive that experience. The pomegranate dies out, and patchouli, frankincense, and a touch of raspberry are left to work wonders on your nose. I almost sense some transparent rose notes; that may just be the earthy patchouli feeding the raspberry and playing even more tricks on my nose though. Regardless of what it is, the beauty of this lies in the fact that it can be so much to your nose... no two drydowns will be the same. I understand, though, that Pomegranate Noir is not everyone's cup of t-- err, bottle of fragrance, so therefore I will leave you with a metaphor: Pomegranate Noir is the ugliest girl in the world, with the most beautiful personality. You pick your poison. No scent is perfect, and few are daring and bold as this one is. A manly composition of pomegranate and sweet fruits is done justice by Jo Malone.Overall rating: 10/10: Yet another high-quality composition we see here; the originality and the amount of effort put into this fragrance is superior to damn near every scent I have smelled.
I like this by itself but layer it with a tuberose or gardenia and it becomes even better. This lasts nicely all day on me. No camphor here.
Top notes :  Pomegranate, Pink Pepper, Raspberry   Middle notes : Plum, opopanax, frankincense   Base notes :  Patchouli, Musk, Spicy Woods  The inspiration for Pomegranate Noir (PN) came to Jo Malone after she saw one of her friends dressed up in a red silk dress at a middle eastern hookah party all the while stuffing dollar bills in her cleavage. I have enjoyed the simple uncluttered soliflores of the Jo Malone line so the "Noir/Dark" label of this fragrance made me wonder if Malone was going all Lutens on us.I shouldn't have worried. PN opens with a perplexing accord. Its sweet, lush and minty....and for a moment, does smell like Vicks vaporub except that there's a plummy fruity aroma enveloping this "vicks" accord. I am intrigued by how this minty fresh smell is engineered .. I don't see cloves listed in the notes pyramid, so the only explanation I can come up with is that PN is probably employing a variety of frankincense that is higher in its camphor (moth ball smell) content than the other constituents. Interms of fruitiness, this primary accord has all the hallmarks of a prune...it can be enjoyable and fun as well as occasionally grating and temperamental. While the incense does its camphor like thing, the distinctive sour and sweet smell of pomegranates is neutered by plenty of sweet raspberry and plum notes. PN loses much of its midnight vaporub funkiness after half and hour or so, and lets a timid patchouli note and some non-descript spicy woods base lead it to its quiet but not-so dark conclusion. The longevity is good..around 7 hours.I admit I expected more "Noir" facets from this scent but knowing Malone's style I wasn't expecting a Jules or Vintage Tabarome. It says "Black Pomegranate" on the label after all, and that could mean "Over-ripe Pomegranates" for all I know. I would have liked more patchouli and spices, and less raspberry and plums in this concoction. Its more complex than other Malone's like Grapefruit and Amber Lavender but is also, strangely, less interesting. With that said, during the dog days of winter and nostril scraping flu attacks, I would still like to spray a spritz or two of PN on my chest before going to bed....I hear it attracts fairies in red silk dresses.Rating: 7/10   
Wow, this is one of the more unique fragrance experiences I've had in awhile. I think everyone's comments so far have been valid.  Depending on what you're thinking when you smell it, it can smell like Vicks, fruit, cloves, pepper, patchouli or frankincense.  However, it does not smell overdone; despite its many opposing characteristics, it strikes me as rather minimalist and dry.  I must admit that I was slightly put off by the (it's true) harsh opening.  I thought of a minty and smoky version of L'Anarchiste, and I smelled a strong clove note.  But where L'Anarchiste puts me off, this intrigues me.  It doesn't have the same sickly aura about it.  The drydown focuses more on the frankincense and patchouli, while the fruit peeks from the background.  This is a wonderful, wonderful drydown.  I'll have to sample it a few more times to make up my mind, but there is a very good chance this is bottle worthy for me.  
Lovely frag. Very mysterious and includes my favourite notes, patchouli and frankincense. The pomegranate fruitiness gives it an overall 'burgundy' feel to it, and a much lighter effect that patchouli in its purer form. Very vampish and sexy. A winter fragrance that would be great for a special Xmas party.Instead of little black dress, maybe little red dress would be more suitable?
EDIT!  I've recently received a sample of this with a JM order and, I tried it again. As is typical of me, one of the fragrances that's affected me most powerfully, is a fragrance I initially disliked on myself.   After rereading my original review, I can't help but stress how much body chemistry, at any given time, affects the reactions of those of us who are extremely sensitive to our olfactory neurons.  Fortunately, chemical change can be positive, and I think my norepinephrine levels must be in better shape. The first review was written a couple of months before I became pregnant with my daughter, who is now 20 months old.  After having her, I guess I smell better!  (Smell as an adjective, not a verb).  In any case Pomegranate Noir is utterly, completely gorgeous; hypnotic, complex, and sensual.  At first it smells like mulled wine, and it quickly transforms to a patchouli-resin warmth that's oddly reminiscent of my favorite Chanels.  This pomegranate beauty is so perfect for enhancing the mood for the upcoming holiday; pomegranate is my favorite fruit to eat, and now Ill enjoy it even more.  Pomegranate Noir comes across as a fragrance that would be perfect for sitting in front of a fireplace after a day of skiing. Our Southern California Autumns, with the Santa Anas in full swing, often are hotter than our summers. Even with its "cool weather" connotation, Pomegranate Noir is beautiful in our current 90 degree+ weather.  The heat brings out a dry warmth in this fragrance (patchouli?) that I absolutely love.   Original Review:  On me this is suffocating.  It's strong, bitter, and harsh.  I think  the combo of frankincense and patchouli  reacts badly on my skin.  I'm with Mr. Quarry on the furniture polish aroma...The composition of Pomegranate Noir comes across as balanced mix of juicy fruits and and heavy woods, and it smells striking and deep when sprayed into the air.  Unfortunately I don't find the smell appealing on my skin, but on someone with the right skin chemistry, I'd enjoy it.
there's something about the frankincense that seems to hail from a dark far-away place, but that somehow also remains pure, the offering to the Christ at the manger..... the pomegranate fruitiness remains warm, edible, hypnotizing. 
If fragrances were brassieres, Ginestet Le Boisé would be a 34B, and Pomegranate Noir would be a 42D. Finally, a break-through scent with a personality. It's been months since my nose has been surprised like this. Husband says he smells furniture polish. Okay, dear, make that royal furniture polish used on a rich Frenchwoman's Louis XVI vanity.

I haven't been too keen on Le Labo overall, as I find their "sciency-wiency" gimmick and naming things one way but having them smell another to not be so cute as they'd hope it to be, but I rather like Thé Noir 29 (2015). Those not brushed up on French might see this as "The Black 29" but it actually means "Black Tea 29". Yeah, we have another case of not smelling like what it's called, but in this instance, I forgive Le Labo for their quirky misleading single-note titles because what it -does- smell like is pretty damned good. Thé Noir does contain elements of black tea, but the elephant in the room which makes this not what it seems is a fig and rose pair of Siamese twins. You get a big ol' fat dry fig and rose compound note conjoined at the hips which is the true focus of this composition, whether real or just a happy coincidence from the mix of black tea and it's surrounding support columns, but for anyone who has smelled Cartier Déclaration d'Un Soir (2012), Salvatore Ferragamo Pour Homme (1999) or Mancera So Blue (2015), it's a darker take on the same aura. As a whole, Thé Noir is a dark, brooding, dry, "Gothic Romance" fragrance in the atmospheric (but not necessarily olfactory) vein of Salvador Dali Pour Homme (1987) or Portrait of a Lady (2010), just with black tea, hay, fig and tobacco as the canvas for it's rose instead of animalics or ambery synthetics, respectively. This is so far the one Le Labo I'd buy, and the most accessible of the range's most popular creations by far, since Santal 33 (2011) and Rose 31 (2009) are pretty "out there" in comparison to Thé Noir 29. I'm not saying being "out there" is a bad thing, just not a great quality to possess for easing newcomers into a brand, since folks regularly test these at Nordstrom counters where they're most-commonly found.

Thé Noir opens with dry bergamot, which is almost a prerequisite for this psuedo-Victorian style, but the black tea shows it's face pretty early, holding hands with fig on the left and rose on the right, like the top notes are playing a very intense game of Red Rover. It's all pretty stiff and linear going in, which is the biggest weakness of the opening, as a love-or-shove reaction will be had then and there, but if you get passed it, there is some development. Cedar, hay, and vetiver comprise the middle, tightening and firming with grassy and woody aromatics with just enough hay to give Thé Noir growl without feeling like being down on the farm. These middle notes join the simple musk and slight tobacco base near the end. Yeah, there's some synthetic play here, like Iso E Super, but I don't get much else. The tobacco is very leafy and almost invisible against the rest, and the musk isn't very rich, with most of Thé Noir living in the strong top and aromatic middle, coming across as pale, dimly-lit, and mysterious. Sillage is on the impressive side but this isn't a bomb, and longevity is appropriately sufficient given the niche price point. The kicker here is how much do you like dark, dry, leafy tea, fig, and rose on an aromatic bed, and if that answer is "a lot", then this may be right for you. I'd say Thé Noir is too "Depeche Mode" for the work space, but on a night out at a darkly-lit gastro pub or an art exhibit, this feels particularly right. There's a bit of unisex appeal in Thé Noir as well, but it does swing mostly masculine to my nose. 

Thé Noir sits somewhere between modernity and antiquity, as do a lot of things in this perennial genre. Other scents present stronger tea notes, like Bvlgari Black (1998), while still others have a more-prominent rose, like the aforementioned Déclaration d'Un Soir, and if you want to go full-fig, there's Philosykos by Diptyque (1996), so the value in Thé Noir is in it's blending of these themes on an aromatic base. For that reason, Thé Noir is spared from being assessed as an ineffectively expensive option in a crowded samey genre, like so many niche fougères or niche Western ouds, because there isn't much exactly like it, albeit there are many more economical options in the same wheelhouse. Frank Voelkl earned his perfumer stripes making compositions on a much smaller budget for Avon and Kenneth Cole before becoming a Le Labo mainstay, and like his compositions for those houses, Thé Noir displays a certain level of "less is more" efficiency despite being a niche scent, giving it great note separation and a bit of transparency in spite of it's voluminous strength. Niche done like a mainstream cheapie or niche done cheaply? That's for you to decide, but if you're up for the $240+ price tag Le Labo commands for 100ml, this is almost a blind buy for lovers of leafy, floral, dark, aromatic perfumes. For everyone else, I suggest a sample first, lest a steep blind buy make this Gothic romance transform into an Expressionist stage play full of tragedy and long faces. Thumbs up for me! 
Yes, this is good, real good. The most accessible Le Labo of them all. The first time I wore it was from the official 1.5ml  sample. I wasn’t blown away but I liked it. The second time I got way more depth. The third time was from the 100ml bottle and wow, kinda stunned. It’s easy to wear and the sillage and longevity are deceiving as it’s a little softer than you might think, but it lasts and projects. Really like this. A lot. Gentle black currant and fig tea that’s different enough from the rest to really stand out.
Most likely the best scent from Le Labo that I've encountered so far, Thé Noir 29 can honestly be rocked by men and women. The initial scent is pungently sweet despite having tobacco and cedar in the notes. The dry down is very pleasant, however, as it begins to become very fresh and crisp. I love it for chilly mornings because the smell is very similar to tea imo. Wish the price would be a little lower doe, there very well could be cheaper alternative. 
The Noir 29 opens with an absolutely lovely fig/tea/spice opening that takes the fig note in a uniquely dry and aromatic direction. Unique and highly wearable. I love the opening accord - and it lasts quite awhile.

As the middle and base approach, the dry and aromatic tea very gradually morphs into more of an agricultural hay note, and you don't really realize what's going on until all of the sudden...where did that hay come from? This is a distinctly "wet" and somewhat sweet hay with the addition of tobacco and musk (big contrast with the relatively dry feel of the tea in the opening), and I'm starting to worry that this is going in a murky and swampy I'm not going to like. 

Luckily, the hay dries out and cedar as vetiver enter the picture. And there it stays until the end. A (still surprisingly strong) woody hay note with a shading of fig and tea in the background. Longevity and projection are both fairly impressive. Really good and interesting stuff. 
The noir 29 has tricked me. This is by far the best fig based scent I have tried. The opening has predominant tea note along with some herbacious wet soil feeling along with lush figgy note. This goes on for about 1-2 hours and then the ceder wood comes in and joins the fig. On my skin this one was tricky. It was little soft at the begining but became strong later on. It had an amazing projection and got compliments on the first wearing itself. Longevity is stellar. 10+ hours. This is a must try for any fig lover. This had a happy feeling written all over it. So damn happy with it. Great release by le labo. 

The opening starts with a blast of only minimally sweetish fig, some bergamot and the eponymous tea accord.   On my skin that is a light and brightly discrete tea, not at all dark or smoky like Bvlgari Black, but brighter than Tea for Two, for instance.  This tea note is not dissimilar to Gucci Pour Homme II in its discreetness and lightness, although it has more presence than GPH II.  This tea note lasts well into the begin of the base notes. 

The drydown adds a discrete cedar note, with green leafy whiffs present intermittently, and in the base a somewhat mediocre musky impression appears too. 

The sillage is moderate, the projection very good, and I get eight hours of longevity, which is excellent.  This is a nice scent for warmer autumn days that is structured very well, very convincingly blended and, with the exception of the dull musk note towards the end, uses high-quality ingredients.  3.25/5. 
The Noir opens with an aromatic fig and mild orange-laced black tea leaf accord with a slight supporting cedar wood undertone. Moving to the early heart, the aromatic black tea accord deepens, taking on a mild smoky tobacco-like facet with the underlying slightly synthetic smelling cedar wood also more prominent. As the composition moves through its heart the slightly synthetic smelling woods gradually fold into the aromatic black tea, never being completely masked, but very well-integrated to the point that they almost seem like another aromatic facet. During the late dry-down the composition shifts gears completely as the aromatic tea and cedar vacate, revealing smooth musk, gentle vetiver and a touch of vanilla in the base through the finish. Projection is average, but longevity excellent at well over 12 hours on skin.

One of the most consistently excellent active perfumers today is Frank Voelkl. Apart from his stellar work elsewhere, Voelkl has produced most of Le Labo's impressive offerings with compositions like Santal 33, Ylang 49 and Iris 39. Now, we can add The Noir 29 to his list of winners. The composition immediately impresses with its brilliant use of fig to amplify the aromatic aspect of the featured black tea accord. Voelkl then brings out a similar slightly synthetic smelling cedar wood to the stuff used in his modern masterpiece Javanese Patchouli for Zegna. Unlike Javanese Patchouli where the smooth, dominant patchouli soaks up the woods primarily; in the case of The Noir, the synthetic woods are harder to hide and at first I thought they might be problematic. Luckily, after further review the answer is "No," as about a half hour or so into the heart phase the woods gradually get absorbed into the black tea accord. No, they are never obscured, but they become a key facet of the overall presentation, so skillfully integrated to the point that their slight synthetic nature becomes even a positive rather than a distraction, with an added tobacco-like facet providing a new element to counter them. The late dry-down is a bit of a mundane pleasant musky vanilla-like affair that won't set the world afire, but it somehow works as a nice change-up from the earlier aromatic wood-laced black tea. The bottom line is when I saw Voelkl's name associated with the $240 per 100ml bottle The Noir 29 I strongly suspected I would love it, and true to form it fails to disappoint with its "excellent" 4 stars out of 5 rating, earning it a strong recommendation to all.

On a trip to the drugstore, they had the "inspired by" scents on sale. I'm always looking for new scents, and $5 is a cheap way of sampling when I can't get to the store. Picked up the Light Blue dupe in rollerball and was pleasantly surprised. My wife liked it as well, so I picked up the real thing, which we share. This is a light, pleasant acquatic scent with minimal sillage but decent longevity that I enjoy right out of the shower on a warm day. 
the scent of happiness, like walking inside a sunny coastal Italian village.
Green apple reigns supreme, followed by Scicilian lemon.
Sweet, yet fresh.
A more appropriate name would be "Light Green" instead of "Light Blue".
A decade and a half later and this is still love or hate.

Depends on your fragrant journey so far, and whether your nose can handle the aroma chems at play here.

It is sweet, super crisp and fresh, yet maintains some saltiness to allow a natural-ity to shine through.

Atelier's Atlas Cedar is very close to this, though Light Blue predates it by over a dozen years.  Also recalls Versace Man Eau Fraiche. 
For a dept. store fragrance, this is incredible in terms of projection, sillage, and longevity.  My wife spritzes this upstairs in the bathroom, and I smell it downstairs.  It leaves a sillage trail for quite awhile.  It has a unique scent that unfortunately everyone is wearing.  Like Acqua di Geo during it's heyday, Light Blue is part of the air you breath.  Citrus for sure, there is a cedar/musk/floral component that makes it unique. 
I wore this perfume back in 2009-10, it was a good time in my life. I bought some last night cause it was on sale at Walgreens, and boy it brought back great memories. Love this fragrance, it lasts all day and is not offensive or overbearing. Perfect for everyday wear. 
Probably one of the most pleasant citrusy scents I've come across. The citrus is mellow and sweet, rather than tangy or sharp. Light Blue is somehow cool and warm at the same time. It's an incredibly pleasant scent, relaxing and laid back. Beachy, breezy, serene.
There's a reason this fragrance has been so very popular. It's because it smells good, is exceptionally easy to wear, and is highly versatile: appropriate for day or night, for work or play, for going out to dinner or for just slobbing around the house. Part of the reason for that versatility, I suspect, is the pure simplicity of its concept: it basically comes down to two equally high-pitched and nasal facets--the sharp musky cedar below and the tart lemon/apple above--oscillating against each other to eternity. The result is a kind of olfactory moire effect, shimmery and (to my nose, anyway) quite pleasant.

I suspect that Light Blue may also carry an additional appeal to Americans in particular, due to the strong hygenic associations of its three major notes, each of which, in their own way, can be said to represent cleanliness. Lemon, of course, is very strongly associated with cleaning products, while that tart green apple note is commonly used in the US to scent shower gels, shampoos, and astringent facial toners. The cedar, meanwhile, brings to mind cedar-lined linen closets or cedarwood chests, used to keep stored clothing clean and fresh and safe from moths. Put them all together, and you're definitely appealing to a desire for cleanliness, or "freshness." I tend to associate that desire with American tastes -- we do love the whole squeaky-clean aesthetic here!--but perhaps it is more universal than I realize. 

My one criticism of this fragrance is that it can get a bit screechy sometimes. I referred above to both the cedar and the tart fruit facets as "high-pitched and nasal," and while I realize that I'm engaging in an aural analogy there, it's the best way I can think of to describe exactly what I mean. They're both sour, sharp, astringent fragrance types, the sort that can really seem to get all the way up into your sinuses sometimes. Since I enjoy sharp and astringent smells, I'm not bothered at all by that aspect of Light Blue, but I can certainly see how it might get in the way of others' enjoyment. That synthetic cedar stuff in the base (is that the Iso-E-Super people so often talk about?) is also extremely long-lasting and tenacious in a stickily pervasive musk-like way -- should you take a dislike to it, you *will* be smelling it for days, not only wherever you sprayed it, but also on anything and everything that got too close to the original spray. You have been warned.

Sadly, while I enjoy Light Blue on other people, it doesn't behave very well on me. When I wear it myself, the lemon and apple notes disappear very quickly, while the cedar becomes *ludicrously* accentuated; the end result is that I wind up walking around for hours smelling very much like a hamster cage. A *clean* hamster cage, mind you, but still very much a hamster cage. So it's not one that I keep around, but I always enjoy smelling it on others. Quite fortunate for me, that, because this fragrance is so very, very popular that once you know what it smells like, you will find yourself encountering it everywhere. 
Nice crisp citrus. Nothing new. Simple and clean. Good frag for summer at $30/100ml. 
I love D&G Light Blue.  Maybe it's my particular chemistry, but when I wear it, I receive very appreciative compliments from family members, co-workers, friends, and total strangers. (One of only a few fragrances I've worn in my life that generate so many positive comments.) I will also catch a whiff of it on clothing I've worn and think how lovely it smells. 

I give D&G Light Blue 5 stars overall, and 4 each for longevity and sillage.
Light Blue is simply wonderful. It's a light, refreshing and uplifting scent perfect for daily use. It's fairly minimalistic with decent longevity and intimate sillage. I mostly get a buttery lemon paired with warm amber, but the notes are so well balanced you don't need any extras. Light Blue would be ideal for someone with a casual lifestyle. 
Light years better than light blue for men.  Fresh and long lasting.  I've even worn this.  Thumbs up.
I read a recommendation several years ago that men should try this fragrance.  And though I like the men's version of Light Blue, I think this might be the stronger of the two.  And stronger in more ways than one--i.e. this is a not a fragrance to over-apply.  Less is definitely more.  I like to apply this on top of different aftershaves (say Cool Wave or Skin Bracer) and see where it takes me.  I enjoy the green apple, but it lasts a bit too long in my opinion.  However, after an hour or so, I really enjoy the cedar and the way I catch whiffs of jasmine all day long.  It's light and springy.  And my I like it on my wife too.
I really get the Granny Smith apple in a big way with this fragrance.  I also get a touch of cedar, too.  Although I like the smell of this, I will not buy another bottle as when I had a bottle I wore it to death, and now I can smell it on every other person who walks by, and it smells the same on everybody.  
This is easily the best fragrance I've ever found to counter the abundance of overly-floral, cloyingly sweet, profusion of white flowers in the ladies' selection of "fresh" fragrances.  I'm not one to enjoy sweet fragrances, nor the pungently floral ones.  I have always searched for a truly earthy, woodsy, nature-inspired scent for ladies, minus the stuff I can't tolerate.  This is it.

Light Blue begins with a burst of citrus; after a few seconds, you begin to pick up the bluebells and bamboo, and as the fragrance dries down, the heart notes really shine -- cedarwood, amber, etc.  This fragrance has SERIOUS staying power, too; I can apply it lightly to my hair, and I can still smell it perfectly well the next DAY.  Scent is beautiful; apples, citrus, musk, and bamboo, draped beautifully over a heart of cedar and moss.  When your three-year old niece buries her face in your hair and inhales deeply over and over and says, "You smell soooooo good..." -- well, you know you've got a winner.

I love Light Blue.  I wish there was a bit more of the cedarwood and moss heart after drydown.  To me, it would then be truly perfect.

Very sexy! On a girl, I think a man shouldn't wear this. It reminds me of a super hot chick. Leaves a scent trails and catches attention. Synthetic? Didn't even thought about it, this thing just works!

Sexy as hell on a girl, I wish more fragrances had such projection.
It´s beautiful and deliciously wonderful! I simply use it since I was a teenager... And I´m very proud to say that it was the first perfume I bought to myself... and it´s perfect and I´m love for it since the first time! 

And for those who says that a popular perfume is not good I recommend to read some articles/books from Turin (not so much - weird bad taste) and my favorite - Chandler Burr!!! 
I love Light Blue, I love J´adore, I love Coco, I love Tommy Girl... Popular? Yes, but damn good!!!

"You don’t consciously register the wood, but its smooth surface deepens and warms the citrus. One of the most perfectly executed perfumes of the past decade, it is almost insanely good." - D&G Light Blue ***** - Chandler Burr 

Just to know how to appreciate a good scent! 
It doesn´t matter if a lot of people use it!!!
All time favourite!
9 or 10 years ago, I got a sample in a club, I was a teenager, me and my friends fell in love with Light Blue...the first elegant, expensive perfume, we became so cool at school :D
Now, it's guite popular, but  I don't care, I still love it. Funny, but I've never realized the lemon in it, rather jasmine :)  I can't describe its freshness, I feel myself confident, fresh, clean, sexy all day.  Thank God, it stay all day long on my skin. It's strange, I'm not a kind of "light blue" girl, actually hate this colour, and I've never tought this fragrance fits to me, but I love wearing it!!!
I decided to buy something else, something unique (an other Dolce Gabbana perhaps), but I couldn't find anything acceptable, I'm gonna purchase an other LB tonight.  
It has a very pleasant grapefruity(isn't stated in the notes but I detect a trace of it somehow)/lemony note, yet not overpowering, great for summer. Definitely fits the light blue ad, gives the exact same mediterranean vibe. Its amazing on guys as well, I got more compliments from both sexes with this compared to the pour homme version. Wouldn't call it a must buy, but its a safe summer/beach scent to say the least.
I like this fragrance very much. It opens up with a freshness that i cannot describe in words. It's not overbearing. It stands out from other fragrances as it is quite unique.

Fresh, hints of floral with apple blossom. Perfect for those casual summer days. My words don't do it justice. I like that it isn't overpowering and that it's not too complex. 

I can see why it is still rated as one of the most top selling fragrances for women =)

The bottle is quite simple. It is not misleading at all, as the fragrance also is quite simple...but so nice. When i look at it, reminds me of a clean crisp day at the beach.

Notes as described on fragranceheaven.com.au:

Light Blue by Dolce & Gabbana is a delicious combination of lively Sicilian citron and effervescent Granny Smith Apples, which are softened and ethereally blended with the intensity of freesia, jasmine, earthy musk and amber to provide a stunning perfume that's both overwhelming and irresistible. It is recommended for casual wear. 
Normally I don't go for something so mainstream, but it's a fantasic summer scent for work. It's not dominantly floral or powdery. It's more feminine in the beginning but ends out being unisex in the end. That's fine with me, it's clean, fresh, & classy. I can see why it's so popular with nurses.
By far the best perfume I've ever worn... too bad I've outgrown it :(
I actually got this by accident.Whebn I realized it was for women I gave it to my mother.She used it for a bit and gave it back as she is not a big frag person like myself.  GQ mag suggested this can be a great scent for men.How right they were.Very fresh-refreshing.tHis scent is lush and "airy" ,especially on sweltering summer days.
Light blue is the best name for it, they're "baptized" it right.Very nice feeling to wear it, and yes, goes perfectly with light blue colured clothes, especially... light blue jeans. It feels a bit hippie in a delicate and smart way.The only minus is the lasting power, this wonderful perfume lasts even less than the EDCs from Bvlgari... so if you decide to get it, get a big bottle.
A lovely fresh scent for women.
In a nutshell:(1) Great, fresh and light citrus scent - with a hint of complexity. (2) Has very good staying power for a scent of this type. (3) This is a popular scent, so you will find many others wearing it, which is a negative if you want to wear something unique. 
Count me as another in the long line of men who prefer the original Light Blue to the relatively uninspiring pour Homme interpretation. The opening is quite sharp and actually downright masculine to my nose, though it softens significantly with all those florals in the mid notes. And those florals, by the way, are quite lovely, especially combined with the apple note which to my nose sticks around for a good while. Like walking through a fragrant garden while munching on a Granny Smith. This is a fun and completely unpretentious fragrance, something I find appropriate for a relaxing day out with friends or simply lounging around by yourself. A contemporary classic for good reason. 
This is a strange scent because it is something right in between Montales Soleil de Capri and Paco Rabannes Black XS (for Men). Now, I have never thought Soleil de Capri and Black XS have anything in common – anything at all – and in fact I still don’t, but oddly this is the exact crossroad between these two scents.It has more in common with Black XS, though. (Especially in the dry down)I get a crystal clear strawberry note in the beginning which is engaged with that apple note. I am not sure if this scent actually has a strawberry ingredient to it, or is it some sort of accord, but I smell strawberry very easily.Fresh, fruity, clean and very compelling. I love the crisp musky undertones in this. During the dry down Light Blue develops some green nuances (Granny Smith indeed comes to mind at this point) with the subtle almond-y smell in the distance. Very tasty.Like I said this reminds me of Soleil de Capri (same kind of combo of juicy citruses, white flowers and white musks) and Black XS (strawberry with woods and amber).Anyone (no matter whether you’re man or woman) who likes LB should checkout those two fragrances too because while these scents are similar there are still some distinctive differences as well.Black XS smells exactly like more masculine version of LB; it is slightly more dark and edgy with the notable patchouli note.Light Blue can easily be worn by men, but to my nose it still leans clearly more towards feminine side. This is a modern classic.
I liked the scent a lot.  I have been asked several times, what perfume I am wearing because they would say it smelled lovely.  I have not received compliments on my other perfumes except for this one.  It is something very casual that I can use at work daily without leaving a heavy perfumie kinda smell that I hate.  So to be considerate, this is my choice of scent at work. 
Light Blue to me is musky citrus cottom wool clouds. It certainly floats about for ages. I think it is both clean, warm and powdery. It is very distinctive, however this may be a bad thing as everyone wears this. When I first got to smell this, I was in Barcelona, and for a while it reminded me of my holiday there. Until I relaised that every girl 18-25 was bathing themselves in this stuff back in the UK, now it just makes me think of Bacardi Breezer swilling girls out on the pull in a Wetherspoons pub. Which is a real shame, as this is a lovely scent, when worn sparingly.
I prefer this version instead of the male version.  This female version smells fresh and can be worn by men also.  I read in GQ that men do prefer the female version instead of the male.  Plus women love it!   I get comments on it every time I wear it.  Give it a try, you might be surprised!  It also can be easily combined with other fresh scents.  Should of been labeled unisex.

juicy orange.a citrus scent that is beautiful in the summer
I like it.  Very fresh, like lemon juice when you first put it on.  But quickly mellows to a floral-fresh smell that makes me think of the ocean (or maybe that's my brain remembering the marketing pictures).  Unlikely to offend anybody.  I'm not in love with it, but it's very nice.
I really like this scent.  It is a very clean smelling scent,it kinda reminds me of lemony fresh laundry. I find it very refreshing when I put it on. I think it's a lot different than other perfumes in the sense that it's not overpowering. It is perfect for the office or everyday use.  The only thing that i do not like about the EDT is the staying power.  Then scent wears off too fast, I find myself re-applying throught the day. Other than that I would recommend this to anyone who prefers something that's light and classic.
loves it! loves it! LOVES IT!!
I feel Luca's and Tania's review of this was a little unfair. I agreed with nearly all of "perfumes: The Guide", but not with the review of this. Light Blue extends "floral fresh" in a new direction without the tiresome overdose of Calone used in the 90's. Totally unisex and devoid of any pretence, like a delicate cloud of duck egg blue powder. Men and women can enjoy this one. 
Simply gorgeous. A sparkling citrussy floral that is good any time of year but especially so in Spring and Summer due to the citrus. It is fresh, clean and complex and to me smells very expensive although, strangely, it can often be found for as little as £10 a bottle in the UK. I have got through a few bottles of this in the last five years, one a very large bottle and hope it is never discontinued (because the smelly things I love usually are not popular and therefore are discontinued - sob!). It seems to smell very different on each different person because a couple of times I have stopped people to ask what their gorgeous perfume is and they have said it was Light Blue. Perfume is a very personal and idiosyncratic choice so it's very hard and often inadvisable to buy perfume for someone 'blind' but I would always recommend this as a reasonably safe choice to a man wondering what to buy for a woman as I can't imagine many people not liking this perfume.
If you like this scent but wish it were slightly different, try Eclat d'Arpege by Lanvin.  It's very similar but better, in my opinion.  
It definitely could be a unisex fragrance, but it is masculine in its own right.  Fruity with a powdery dry down.  Pleasantly fresh.Great longevity like DG pour Homme as well as great sillage.Thumbs up.
In my opinion, so far, this is the best of the Dolce and Gabbana lot for both men and woman - and that is saying alot, but this is simply fantastic!  I wish the men's was this good! No matter, I'll wear them both, but prefer this one.  Guys, don't be afraid to use this!5 STARS!
Indeed a true «feel good thing...neutraly bright and cooly warm» -feotidussmells remarkably fresh n clean but in a way that avoids nowdays crap, yet the only recent fresh n clean designer feminine marketed for younger public that I truly respect. You see...  where I live, girls of my age (18-22) tend to wear things that are just.....how could I say in a proper language...that are just total crap (I'm talking to you cool water woman, ralph and swiss army). yet, light blue is a big exeption to all this nonsenseNo ozone/calone/cheap smelling childish too-sweet'n'-too-sour fruity florals.Instead we have a good accord of crisp greed and jucy green apple / fresh dry decamphorized cedar in the oppening , and what I suspect to be a healthy dose of Iso E super and Hedione that gives the haert notes a pure, clean and liquid feel (NOT AQUATIC PLEASE). For the rest, I could not say really.. perhaps the iso E super goes on and on, with a pretty little white musk and some more cedar. the whole thing is very very well crafted and balanced imo. this «perfume» was the weired characterirstic of being feminine and almost girly whithout being childish girly. Yet almost unisex for those of us who don't fuss about wearing feminine fragrances...by the way, I agree with the one who said that DnG shoud discontinue the newer light blue for man which is nothing compared to it's so called feminine alterego.
I bought this for my honeymoon trip and every time I smell this it reminds me of my honeymoon trip, It was a Caribbean Cruise, and Light Blue smelled delicious the entire time, it sticks for hours, but it never dulls or anything, it stays fresh and making you feel clean and cool, very recommendable for hot weathers.
Jumping on the bandwagon that the women's Light Blue could be unisex and that D&G should discontinue their Men's version. I had taken my girlfriend into the store to smell this specifically. She grabbed the bottle and smelled the atomizer cap only so I grabbed a card for her to spray on. She missed and sprayed my hand!This was terrible on the card HOWEVER I was able to test it out on my hand. Man I can't stop sniffing. A lightly powdery fruited cedar. I still smell it after 3 hours.
The Granny Smith apple note in the opening gives enough contrast with the cedar and bluebells to create a bit of olfactory surprise.  The whole floral fruity top level is smooth and refreshing and very nice if not extremely sophisticated.  It’s a feel good thing – neutrally bright and coolly warm.  The florals and bamboo of the middle continue with a smooth floral  / green dominated by a simple jasmine: the simplicity of the accord is captivating and is completely in tune with the vibes of the opening.  The base is more cedar and musk—quite recessive to my nose, but I think its sparsity is fully in tune with the theme of Light Blue.  I enjoy this scent; it is refreshing, it is the springtime and mountain lakes and butterfly filled meadows.  At times I think that Light Blue could be a unisex fragrance, but then there are times when it seems so youthfully feminine.  Regardless, it’s a charming scent and it deserves to be as popular as it is.
I like this fragrance a lot, it's so fresh and citrusy.However it doesnt' really have staying power on me which is a shame as I really like the scent.When I was buying this bottle I stumbled upon Dior Addict 2, which in my nose has something similar to this. 
The notes say green apple, but the fruit comes across as grapefruit to me, with notes of bubblegum.  No matter--these are man-made aromas, so any guess is as credible as the next.  This is a great fruity scent, sweet and vanillic, tart and juicy at the same time.  I find it soft and pretty, mellow and full, yet lively.  For reference, my favorite citrus fragrances are Moschino I Love Love, which has a zesty, definite grapefruit note, and Montale Soleil de Capri, which has a natural-smelling citrus.  Light Blue is another that I like, with its playful, mouth-watering, wad-of-bubblegum note.
LOL - I totally agree with what a few other people here seem to point out - over the past few years, it has indeed become a stocking-filler sort of fragrance.This perfume, along with Brut cologne spray, Piere Cardin, Lagerfeld Classic (a fantastic men's fragrance), Chloe and Anais-Anais, has indeed become a Christmas stocking filler perfume - well at least within my family.That being said, everyone in my immediate family, including myself, have quite expensive tastes in fragrance, usually steering clear of stocking-filler fragrances - but this is one that everyone I know enjoys waking up to on Christmas morning!Fresh, dynamic, relatively clean, sporty and quite unisex. Freshly natural smelling, not laiden with synthetic-smelling crap. The bamboo note is clear and harmonious - almost cerebral in nature - like unto pure mysore sandal essence, yet absolutely nothing like it! And the Granny Smith is clear and fresh smelling, never stuffy and sweet, as it quite often is in other perfumes.The cedar and musk is light, and sticks very well to its name sake. And for some odd reason, maybe coz of the name, maybe coz of the notes, I associate this with Baby Blue Jeans.But anyway, I am a guy, I like wearing it, I get lots of compliments from wearing it in Spring and Summer, and can't wait to try the men's version, but I haven't seen it anywhere here in Brisbane, yet. But I can't wait - and I truly hope it resembles the original.Cheers, and enjoy. 6/10 from me, and thumbs up.
Most D&G fragrances are just too much for me, but this is lovely. It's refreshing and crisp with good sillage.  I like this and Jardin sur les Nil by Hermes for summer.
The top notes for me show a great deal of citrus and a hint of the fruity middle notes, but they fade away very rapidly on my skin, even the midnotes don't show a lot of presence and sadly, i don't find that it has a strong -not even a faint- white rose note,the note i was most interested in, maybe that white rose was  the type that wasn't very fragrant. What i get the most, and what sticks to me like glue for hours, is the base, and the white musk is the one note that wins over the rest. Strangely, it has a similar drydown to VC&A's Automne wich has a lot of woodsy notes. The cedarwood is also very present. I didn't find it womanly and i felt it could easily be an unisex scent. Well, in the case that your skin (like mine) skips the fruits and flowers and goes straight to the base). 
This is one of the only fragrances that can ENTIRELY pull off what i like to call a 'citrus blast.' The top notes are heavenly, and from there on it develops beautifully! Fairly cheap, and one of the most commonly ripped off perfumes YTD!

While I've worn both the EDT and the EDP, I find I like the EDT better.  This is a sweet musk.  If you want to try musk out this is the easy way to do it.  This is a floral woody musk which is one of my favorites.  Well my favorite would be a woody musk but the florals really cause this to be a nice clean sweet scent.  It's very very girly...quite feminine. I find it easy to wear and non offensive.  I really can't imagine an occassion that this scent would not work for.  It's a beautiful day time scent that can evolve into evening where.  It could easily be a signature scent.  
Narciso Rodriguez line has a very distinct touch and feel – as if all the fragrances would be a part of the same idea. The thing uniting them all is Egyptian musk that Mr. Rodriguez found in his travels to Egypt and fell so hard in love with that he decided – all his fragrance line will showcase this exceptional scent, partly clean, partly animalic and very soft. 

His perfumers actually use a blend of many different synthetic musks to create the ultimate NR musk. It is done so because quite a lot of people are anosmic to one or another type of musk, and the goal here is to showcase the musk instead of allowing a part of population to be unable to smell it at all. That's why there are so many differing opinions on NR fragrances – some say they are subtle, work friendly, lovely and squeaky clean, and some say they are dirty, sexy and attention grabbing. The truth is, as almost always, somewhere in the middle. And what a gorgeous smelling middle it is!

Narciso Rodriguez For Her EDT is the first fragrance of the line and the most popular of them all. (The pink EDP bottle came a bit later and started causing the confusion, because the EDT is a black bottle which comes in a pink box, and the EDP is a pink bottle which comes in a black box... And then just think about all these identical For Her rectangles and Narciso cubes that all look identical except for the colours and the juice inside. That Narciso guy is evil and I'm sure he knows it.)

For Her EDT was created by perfumers Christine Nagel and Francis Kurkdjian in 2003 and has the top notes of Osmanthus & Orange blossom, head notes of Musk and base notes of Vetiver, Amber and Vanilla. I can't say that I'm getting any amber or vanilla here, to me For Her is a soft, purring and heartachingly beautiful musk and osmanthus scent with woody undertones that make it less fluffy and give it more character. (The pink EDP has Peach and Rose in the top notes instead of Osmanthus & Orange blossom) and is a bit fruitier, sweeter and less woody/vetiver-y than EDT. Also, EDT seems to be just as well – if not better – lasting on my skin, so choose the one you like more.) 

They're both are great, they're all are great – but For Her EDT is the one that made me fall in love with Narciso Rodriguez scents, it still makes my eyes roll back every time I sniff it, it's just so sensual and elegant and soft.

Smells like an advanced hairspray but acts like a real perfume. Its crisp and light but with a profound intensity that really shines. Works better on the skin than on a blotter. Wears a realm of 'vintage-perfume' charm upon its sleeve while managing to stay a pure, simple and very amicable experience. Just good.
Dirty, bitter flowers at first.
Mellows and sweetens in the middle.
Musky bottom with a smattering of patchouli.
Finishes nicely, overall.
This scents like my Grandmother's sheets. They were laundered in a 60's floral detergent. Hung dry in the clean country air. Folded and placed in a Cedar chest. 
Now they smelled strongly of Cedar and the Floral was faint in the background.

This is opposite, Floral is in your face and Cedar in the background. Ultimately this is Woody Aroma Chemical (WAC)Saccharine.
It gets a thumbs up because it reminds me of my Gran. 
Don't know that I would wear it or have my wife wear it though.
Gauzy abstract white floral with a nice peachy voluptuousness about it and a comforting milky undertow. Has something of the siren lure of Rush without the latter’s pushiness. This is squarely mainstream made in the highly buffed manner of 1970s mixed florals, but when it’s done right, hey it’s the kind of perfume to spray on and head to the nearest convivial social gathering. 
Smells soft and welcoming to bystanders. Lots of airy musks involved but deployed well in the service of the floral notes. So smoothly executed, it’s a safe buy for purchasers of designer florals, but it also has the ability to remain interesting to those of more particular tastes provided they approach it with open minds.
(Review for EDT.) 

Found a sample of this in a drawer, and never having worn it decided to spray it on. Quite feminine and 'girly' of course, but also quite nice too, especially in the opening. Getting a lot of musk from this, along with the florals (rose and iris, two that I can live with). Younger or older women could wear this, and probably a man could too, if he were so inclined. Not sure that's me, but this is quite a good designer release, in my opinion.
It's perfumes like this one that give me an all new appreciation for rose. (Heck, and musk!) These two dominant notes aren't ones I typically seek out or go weak in the knees for, but here they're just so soft, feminine and pretty. It does have a freshly laundered quality - clean, warm. After a while, the rose wanes a bit and peach and sandalwood come out to play. For me, peach and sandalwood are a great match that always go so well together, and there's no exception here. This is when it goes from powdery to a little more creamy, as well.

Somehow, this reminds me a lot of Midnight Oud by Juliette Has A Gun. Much less woody, but the rose in each fragrance stampedes through your senses just the same way. And, both fragrances remind me of walking through the woods in the springtime - trees and bushes just bursting with fresh blooming flowers. Feminine, sensual yet inoffensive - It makes for a versatile scent that can be worn for just about any occasion.
Salutation.

When i first smelled this EDT captivated my senses immediately. It is more Lovely than Male Version and Less Romantic than EDP Version.I am loving this scent.Everything about this product is NICE. Sultry,Sophisticated, Heady,Hot,Provocative,Little Sweet, Creamy,Modern,Feminine and Heavy.

When you enter the Room heads turn and people want to know what that Mysterious fragrance is? Sharp Opening.Orange blassom and Light amber supported by Warmth of Bergamot in the Top notes.NR is a really beautiful dark floral for me.

Generally it it chic and exudes Seduction yet maintains a Hypnotic presence.I would Highly Recommend this EDT with assurance that you wouldn't be disappointed if you are a Smart LADY and definitely 25/40 years old.It is ideal for a SPECIAL occasion in a WINTER Evening.

Sillage?Great.

Longevity?Very Good on my skin.

7.5/10 
I was prompted to write a review of 'For Her' after smelling 'For Women' (white bottle) a few days ago.
This is the one (FH) with good sillage and elusive musks, the EDP is peachier with definite stickability.
The EDT is the equivalent of a Toyota Corolla, ubiquitous, rust free, user friendly with good economy. It lacks imagination but statistics show it benefits from repeat purchasers, and you can soup it up with the 'In colour' or 'Musc Intense' add-ons that men love, like a leather bound steering wheel or Recaro seats. That men love this is not in question, my husband loves the sillage hours after I have put it on.
Let's face it, it's a must have, it's your favourite pair of jeans or possibly your favourite pair of knickers; you, but better, with Narciso at the leather bound steering wheel, cruising the Napa valley, tasting astringent wines that mellow with age, For Her in a Toyota Corolla.

It was only seconds after first applying Narciso Rodriguez for Her that I realized I’d need to spend some time with it. It’s appeal was immediate, but not easy for me to fathom. Its profile is distinctive and instantly recognizable,  yet every time I wear Narciso Rodriguez for Her I smell echoes of other scents. So while it does not smell at all like Angel, it shares partly in Angel’s uninhibited flamboyance, and completely in its willingness to play games with gender expectations. The animalic musk and woods at the core of Narciso Rodriguez for Her are no less “masculine” than the patchouli-soaked woody oriental accord beneath Angel’s fruity florals. 

On another wearing it occurs to me that Narciso Rodriguez for Her is a sort of modernist gloss on Chanel’s Bois des Îles, from apricot-inflected osmanthus and orange blossom top notes that reflect the Chanel’s peach and neroli, to the parallel construction of its musk and reconstructed sandalwood drydown. The “modernism” manifests itself in simpler construction, comfort with exposing blatantly chemical ingredients, and an overall sense of comparative bluntness.  If Bois des Îles is rendered in oils, Narciso Rodriguez for Her is an acrylic painting. Likewise, to borrow an anatomical metaphor, where Bois des Îles displays a glowing, unblemished skin, Narciso Rodriguez for Her reveals the skeleton beneath. 

These echoes of genre-defining woody oriental predecessors detract not a bit from the pleasure of wearing this scent. Perhaps that’s because, for all its embrace of the obviously synthetic,  Narciso Rodriguez for Her exhibits sufficient  balance and integrity to convince on its own terms. Too bad Rodriguez followed this up with the relatively insipid Narciso Rodriguez for Him. They’d have done better just to amp up the vetiver in this, put it in a different bottle, and sell it to the guys as well.

This is a review on EDP; the pink bottle.

My favourite perfume at the moment. 
It is unique & sexy. It has prominent rose & orange blossom notes but it’s not like a typical old lady’s scent; with the musky base notes, it is feminine and sensual and definitely for the women with confidence. It has really luxurious floral scents and smells absolutely beautiful on me. 

Years ago, in early spring, when I was strolling around Valencia city (Spain) enjoying the lit up historical buildings in the night, I ended up in the plaza with several stalls selling flowers. All the colourful spring flowers were radiant in the dark and, as I passed them, I was enveloped in the composite of floral scents filling the air. This fragrance reminds me of the magical feeling of that night.

I adore it!
EDT. Really nice. Feminine, but could easily be worn by a daring male.
Shouts it is a Kurkdjian work, has signature of him overall. It reminds me a mix of Lumiere Noire pour Homme&pour Femme, but of course leaning to the feminine side. Very classy and women who discover and wear this is very lucky (NR being not very popular brand here in my land) 
I think this scent is delightful. Light, sexy, with just a tiny bit of sparkle. 

Yes, it smells delightful--in the bottle. 

It smells nonexistent on my skin. I can barely smell anything. Other people can barely smell anything. They have to jam their noses right up against my skin to smell anything at all--a ghost of a scent. Heartbreaking. 

I have ben reduced to obsessively sniffing the bottle for my high. 

This is no way to live. 
Like walking into a florist's shop at midnight. Dense, musky, tropical flowers and foliage. Quite dreamy, for some reason it causes a nostalgic emotion in me. I get visions of Elizabeth Taylor and troubled love...uh, where was I?...this scent is very boudoir-like and old-fashioned. Also, doesn't have top quality composition, tends to fall apart in the end and display the hem of its synthetic underskirt.
This is for the EDT.
Words cannot accurately describe this fragrance. It is now my signature scent. 
It is sheer, somewhat translucent; yet very present, comforting in an exciting way(!), and concealingly enveloping. Very tactile indeed. It starts with a dominant note that I cannot identify at all, sort of like a incensey/smokey ghost note that can't be grasped. It has a "warm skin" quality that dominates, but not sun-kissed, as this is a night time scent for sure. The "ghost note" makes room for orange blossom, musk, woods and a few others I'm not familiar with. The honey flower note seems to last the longest on my skin. 

Irresistible super sophisticated concoction, one of the best "things" of the modern perfumery (I talk about the juice in the pink bottle, the EDP version, the one I've tested on my skin and that my girlfriend has worn for a period few years ago). First of all this is different, really different from the modern gassy-plastic lollipop kind new feminine concoctions around. Chic and glamour. The aroma is neither gourmand nor caramellous or powdery-synthetic (anyway in a sheer way), is instead averagely sharp, musky and slightly balmy but with a touch of classic exoticism and an outstanding floral discreet  sophistication. This is a modern fragrance that expresses a traditional , indipendent and solitary concept of femininity. The scent is musky, very musky and rosey with key roles played by orange blossoms, bergamot and amber. The mystery is enhanced by a silent lush sambac jasmine while the extreme sophistication owns a secret with the name of iris (anyway that's what i think). The aroma is at the same time erotic (may be also a touch of honey is hidden in the blend), sensual, almost corporeal, intimate and ethereal...a rarity. Something laundry and soapy, may be the combination of rose, iris and musk, sparkles in the air exuding from the complicated wake of orangy, rosey and ambery musk, sandalwood and hyper lush osmanthus. The femininity is intimate and a bit mysterious. A touch of vanilla and patchouli imprints more depth and silence. I figure on mind the image of a young, discreet girl elusive in the shadow.
One of the very few interesting compositions of the last decade among the designer's range. NR for Her is a tremendously radiant concoction of woods and flowers (mainly orange blossoms) laying on a masculine musky base. Its main appeal lies in its incredible distinctiveness made of an unmannered beauty and charme. Elegant but not affected, NR for Her takes immediately the distance from nowadays clean fragrances by introducing a bold ambery/musky base that continuely winks at many classic compositions from the past. At the same time its perfect balance and refinement make of NR For Her a very versatile fragrance that's perfect for both younger crowds as well as for mature wearers. Very good.

Let someone who's not into perfume smell this, and if he/she likes it you just discovered a new potential perfumista. A contemporary classic.
This is a dark, warm,and sexy fragrance. Not much floral in it at all on me. Sadly, it doesn't last as long as I wish it would. But I love it while it's there. 
This is one of my favorites.  A very sexy smell.  Maybe a bit too much honey flower (or whatever that is that smells like honey) for my taste.
It took me many years to warm up to this fragrance but I finally did. The white patchouli note in the base used to really jump out at me too much, so I never really tried wearing it. when I finally did I was so pleasantly surprised! it really calmed down on my skin, and turned into a unique and wearable fragrance. I think LT called it a "radiant wood", and that sounds about right. The osmanthus note is very very pretty, and this fragrance is a compliment-getter. Not the rarest scent out there, but a very special scent to me.
This review is for the EDT in the black bottle...

Wow!! I think this is pure sex in a bottle. At least it is for me! Beautiful, lusty, ambery musk at first...and then a sweet floral dry-down that teases and teases. 

During the first two hours of wearing this, it occurred to me that it smelled how I wanted a masculine cologne to smell on a woman. I realize that doesn't make much sense...but...I have a fascination with cologne and sometimes I think I have found the perfect masculine scent for me, and then, oh no, I find something about it I can't stand. The top and heart of this fragrance made me think about this because of its beautiful musk accord.

Beyond that, it does have a very unique floral dry-down, which is very interesting, as most perfumes are vice-versa. I'm not big into strong florals, but NR's trail suited me just fine...even wearing a suit today! It made me feel feminine, confident, AND sexy. 

Lasted almost ten hours, too, which is very impressive in my book. Now I see what all the hype was about!

Jan
13
2009 

(Edp Review)

I was waiting for a fragrance like this, honestly, today floral scents are beautiful but so weak, i still need some heavy and aggressive fragrance, just to feel alive again. In this case Narciso Rodriguez For Her definitely fulfill my expectations..

The initial notes are fairly woody and intense, then after a while powdery flowers with a strong presence of musk begin to bloom. The powerlasting is good. Just to add: This scent is not for everyone.
This fragrance is amazing, one of my all time favorites. The woody and musky overtones create a very sensuous and sophisticated fragrance, perfect for a night out. NR for her is all class. 
This parfume has got notes that are not easyly distinguishable. I couldn't say exactly what makes this scent smell of "woman". I can't detect fruits, flowers, or woods in its olfactive pyramid. There is a sort of unrecognisable ingredient that makes NR4her a sofisticated product. In my opinion this is a sign of modernity. Too bitter and "dirty" for me, but very nice.
I agree with angelica when she says that it's the 21st century's No 5! NR for her is so feminine, classy , radiant, modern but also traditionnal in its perfection and conception!Try it!
The 21st century's No 5...................................
I liked it. It is a well blended creamy musky and close to skin scent but is not weak or transparent. None of the notes hits your nose or comes front, has a nice harmony ;just a good choir would have. This harmony reminds me of the very first scent i had in high school; Babe was also so well blended that a friend of mine was suprised to see it is a perfume. It smelled a lot like skin and less like any common note. Whitemusk when balanced with fruits can do the magic. but do not take it easy as it has been tried thousands of times before and very rare of them got the justifiable repute of Narciso Rodriguez for Her.
After sampling the EDT and EDP several times on many occasions, I'd have to conclude that both seem to be very different scents altogether. Personally I prefer the EDP which I find creamier, much richer, more powdery, and has a more distinct floral sweetness to it. Both are synthetic smelling but in a good way like Clinique's Happy for Women. To me there isn't a hint of fruits at all in both concentrations. 
I am fascinated by the wildly confliciting opinions this perfume generates. I have to say I didn't think much of the EDT or EDP, not bad but nothing to make me charge for the register either. However, I am addicted to musks, and oils in particular work well for me. So I went for the Musc for Her, I think the scent translates so much better in this form, it's smoother, prettier, richer but still quiet. On me it's a innocent clean floral musk, a daytime fragrance . I just don't get the sexy vibe others mention. I guess my sexy is a little dirtier. I think it's quite pricey for a strictly daytime scent, however, the quality is there, the oil is thick, the scent is concentrated - just a dab or two really will do you all day. The packaging - opaque black bottle in a sturdy reusable black box is perfect for storing indefinately and even though I use this as frequently as any of my others, it will easily outlast them all.     
The one in the black bottle. You know that heady, invincibly sexy feeling you get when you're just the right shade of tipsy, the night is young, and you're looking like a million bucks? If that feeling were a fragrance, NR would be it.
it's the amber that is its downfall.  i can handle strong orientals and chypre and a light musk.  but without fail, an amber note will give me a headache and have me running to wash it off.  I love smelling it in the bottle.  but once it gets on my skin, i can't stand it.  
This review is for the EDT, which is the superior version of the two.The first words that came to mind upon smelling this on a smelling strip were:- Radiant- SeraphicOn wearing, it feels like the radiance of the sun at noon in an early spring day.It also smells like a niche perfume (Tocca's Cleopatra). Does not smell like SJP's Lovely at all to me (not too impressed with that one).This is marketed a feminine? Could've a fooled female coworker who thought it's a men's.Note: Tried the EDT. Not impressed with the EDP - cannot smell the EDP much at all, even after a few hours. The EDT lasts for 6-8 hours.
My fiance loves this scent - he apparently read about it in some or other men's glossy, tested it at the perfume boutique and came back weak-kneed.  I went hunting for it to test and I was not disappointed.  I like "ghost" fragrances - ones that are unusual ("not safe") and not overpowering (ones that people don't immediately comment on but ones that linger in a person's imagination until they smell the perfume somewhere else or on someone and immediately get reminded of you).  My signature perfume is Euphoria by Calvin Klein.  I have only used 2 perfumes in my entire lifetime: Tommy Girl by Hilfiger and now Euphoria.  My other favorite is Alien by Thierry Mugler and now, Narciso Rodriguez for Her EDP.  I love Rodrigues solely because it smells elegant without being girly and overtly feminine and it has the "ghost" effect.  For a perfume snob, Narciso has done very well.  I love it.

I have the EDP as a gift back in 2003, I still have it.  It's sophiscated, subtle and youthful unisex scent.  It can easily be mistaken as one of Serge Lutens creations.  A quiet warm woody oriental scent.  It has a nice depth of musc and complimented by all these ingredients all blended so well together, that musk eventually becomes skin scent.  A little pleasantly bitterness to my nose. Mmmmm....  Despite the fact that it's been around for awhile, and has been popular for awhile, like Envy and many other great creations, I should judge it as it is, a thumb up for Narciso Rodriguez for Her!
One of the most beautiful scents I've ever experienced. It's deep, feminine and extremely sexy. I have to agree with "hester" that it is a very intimate smell. It's so earthy and dusky, but also so smooth. It is very similar to SJP's Lovely, but it's not as flirty and light... it's much more sensual. One of my friends had a whiff of it and described it as 'mesmerizing' - i totally agree with her. Definitely makes the top 3 of my all-time favourite scents!
A nicely crafted fragrance, yet it smells very old. Like very old. It is the choice of many young women (a lot of friends of mine use it), yet I haven't met anyone that this frag suits. It is just too safe and smells very tired to my nose. Like insignificant. Gorgeous bottle though, true work of minimalist art. I wish the juice had matched the container.  
I have the EDT - I'm confused about this scent, because I see the EDP advertised with different scent notes - anyone know what's up with that???  Anyway, I LOVE the scent of the EDT and it works just perfectly for me - I love the little touch of honey you get right at the start of it, and the bits of woodiness that gradually seep in as the day progresses.  This is a perfect scent for summer ... or for recalling summer during the winter.  Lovely stuff.
So finally I got the Narciso Rordigues for Her, almost two years after it´s release in my country! It took a while to be able to try the EdP, that is why. On my skin the EdT and the oil don´t come out at all, but the EdP do instead! The EdP is a high quallity perfume, really longlasting, and keeping it´s tone all the way! Perhaps this is what I like the very most about this perfume! It is quite silent, but there all the time! I wonder if this is a summerfrag as well, I hope so! Two thumbs up for Narciso Rodrigues for Her EdP.
There can be nothing as sexy as this (I prefer the EDT)! A gay friend said it smells lovely, very intimate and 'like womens' underwear' (because he'd know!). I adore how this throws a cashmere-ey veil around me, how you mustn't try to get too close to smell it, how it radiates woman and sex and love.... mmmmmmmm! It could get too sweet on hot days, though, definitely, and its presence is stronger than the wearer suspects (must be the musk). If only it were at all affordable! In South Africa it's very much at the top end, price-wise.UPDATE: I bought it! The big bottle, too! Now I'm (perhaps unwisely) wearing it on an unseasonably hot day. We'll see how that pans out, but I sprayed with abandon last night, and this morning I still smelled like the best thing on earth. The way this stuff merges with your skin! LOVE.
An incredibly beautifully floral fragrance.  The balance and refinement is exquisite.   The opening presents a simple and direct use of orange blossom and osmanthus supported by the elegant ambers and vanilla of the heart notes.  The longevity of the top two levels is superb and the movement from top to middle, from middle to base is seamless.  The base completely measures up to the excellence that preceded it: an exquisite woods and musk transparency.   Without a doubt, Narciso Rodriguez is already a classic.
This perfume is so special.  The first time I discovered it, a sample body cream, I had to have it.  It has become my signature fragrance.  Yes the EDT and EDP are quite different, but yet the same!  The EDP definitely has a rosey aspect to it and a little more intense.  Love the drydown to that sun baked sand, amber, honey, so comforting.  I love the body cream also.  It's expensive, but worth every penny.  Couldn't be without this one.
I've only tried the EDT version, and enjoy it. A creamier, sexier version of SJP's Lovely (though NR came first). A sophisticated musk, it would be appropriate day or evening, in most situations.  I don't find it particularly sexy, but rather classic and and ladylike.
This is my current "go-to" fragrance.  I rarely wear anything else.  I own the EDP.  I found it sweeter on my skin, as it has a heavier "honey" note than then EDT.  Dry down is heavenly.... its currently been almost 20 hours since I put it on this morning.  It seems to have become part of my skin, as I can still sense it every time I brush my hair out of my face. 
After compulsively buying this wonderful Musc oil, and rationalizing "everything is expensive" now-a-days, and then having a wee guilt attack after...especially realizing I probably wasn't going to eat well this next week at the loss of $150...I must say I'd buy "Her" again in a heartbeat. I have been trolling for new fragrances these last few weeks, and been mostly disappointed in the lion's share of scents I could find locally. I asked myself what I used to like and wear when I was a young girl...would I still like those same things? Ahh, I remember...musks! Back in the 70s and 80s, when musk reigned supreme, natural was "in", and we were all in touch with the earth. The memories were happy and compelling. Then I found NR "Her Musc" and have been bowled over, taken prisoner, and scent-washed beyond redemption. A very quiet, rich, floral musc that merges with your own oils to create a warm exuberance on the skin. No sickeningly sweet anything here. Earthy, sexy, natural (much more sophisticated than those I used to wear!), and simply hedonistic. I couldn't ask for more...I'm still a musc girl in every way. The staying power of "Her" is unending...it's there until you wash it off...always quiet, always softly wafting nearly unconsciously through the brain. I also plan on buying the EDT or EDP at some point...they're beautiful as well...but I'm in no hurry...I've captured the weightier soul of the fragrance in this oil, and can wait for the lighter side until it beckons. I relish this find, and love wearing this nearly perfect fragrance. Notes:Honey Flower, Solar Musk, Orange Blossom, Osmanthus, Amberlyn, Vanilla, Tactile Musk, Tactile Woods, Vetiver.
This is a sexy, almost animalistic scent, yet at the same time very feminine, in an old-fashioned, classic perfume manner. The combination of the two - animalistic and feminine/ladylike results in a unique scent with true 'va-voom'!
This is a very seductive fragrance, a passing, over-the-shoulder glance in a floor-length gown. The EDT starts very rich, dark but not confusing or overpowering. An atypical musk accord, amber, and sweet woods combine to create a dense fragrance, a dark veil of sensuality. Similar (yet richer) to my nose in philosophy to Prada's feminine amber. 
For Her edt is a clean pretty musk on me but also has depth from honeyed notes and woods which I can't pick out. I used to own SJP Lovely as well as For Her but gave that one away because it was too light in comparison. I would describe For Her as a 'comfortably sexy in your own skin' scent.
I must say that I was shocked by the beauty of this fragrance.  Not only is this a high quality frag, I smells like a real rose not an interpretation of what rose smells like.  Very classy.
I wear the musc oil and love it. Did not care as much for the edt and the edp, which were somehow too heavy. The musc oil is whisper-light, sweet and clean smelling on me. It is pricey but worth it, IMO. It stands above the cheaper Egyptian musks out there. 
I was inspired by many of the threads I have read lately and had to try this.  In every other perfume I have, I prefer the EDP or perfume, but with this one I chose for the first time the EDT.  I fell in love at first sniff and I usually do not like musk, but this is so special and sexy.  I highly recommend it, but only if you can wear musk.  This is very mild, but lasted all evening and was still there in the morning.  Just love it!
I first smelled Narciso Rodriquez in Paris and I was intoxicated!  It was so chic, so sexy.  Very heady.  I felt like such an urban sophisticate.  I couldn't stop sniffing my wrist.  I imagined lying in bed smelling like this all over.  And then i bought the EDT (black bottle)  As I began using it, however, the drydown is an acrid Egyptian musk.  Just like the oil from the street vendors.  It immediatly makes my sinuses explode and I get a headache.  The fragrance is hard to remove.  But I love the way it smells...  I sampled the EDP (pink bottle) and the acrid smell is not there.  There is less musk and more flowers.  No headache.  For those of you who love the perfume but hate the headache, try the EDP.  Stay away from the EDT.
Narciso Rodriguez (EDP in the pink bottle) is one of the new "pink chypres," which is formulated without the "classic chypre" combination of bergamot + real oakmoss/treemoss + patchouli + labdanum and other, various assorted green, fruit, floral, and wood notes.  This new genre is not as wild and untrammeled, nor as pungent and unpredictable as the classic chypres could sometimes be.  However it succeeds in creating the delectible sweet/sour, salty/bitter, wet/dry contrasts that make a chypre so great . Narciso Rodriguez EDP is concocted of creative synthetic notes, but I smell rose, peach, vetiver, and musk.  As a man-made scent, it retains its characteristics and stays true from start to finish.  I am a fanatic for chypres and own and wear many, both new and old, well-known and niche.  (See my wardrobe.)  My teenage daughter thinks most of them smell too "old" for her, but she fell in love with a little pink tester of Narciso Rodrigurez (not the black bottle, which is a honey/orange blossom/musk and lacks the rose/peach note.)  I think this is a fine introduction to chypres for the young generation.  Good job.
Love this one, it reminds me of Lovely by Sarah Jessica Parker. The EDP is more fruitier then the EDT, love the EDP version more because the fresher notes seem to stay longer. It may occur strange but I often use this one in combination with Cristalle... everyone wants to know what I'm wearing because it's gorgeous!! 
I love this fragrance. It is so gorgeous and intriguing. The notes of honey and solar musk are to die for. 

This is enjoyable, interesting and evocative for me, but will not be for everyone. Tuscan Leather kicks off with a photorealistic rendition of new car leather, cocaine and raspberry. It’s brash, unashamedly synthetic and in your face in a manner I particularly enjoy, in the same way that many people find getting a whiff of petrol to be pleasant. 

As the alkaloid/diesel top dies down it turns into a mixture of spicy hide with a solid chemical base that never seems to let its opening go away completely. For a 2012 batch performance is strong lasting over 12 hours, sillage is tight and dense. 

It’s simple to describe, easy to like, but challenging to justify a full bottle at Private Label prices is dicey.... for one simple reason. 

Fahrenheit.

If Fahrenheit is a hardworking, modest, industrialist millionaire, Tuscan Leather is his depraved, entitled trust fund douche bag son. Amazing execution and all, is Tuscan Leather worth triple the asking price of the father of this style? 

Still a definite thumbs up and I’m very happy with my decant. But if you haven’t referenced Dior’s masculine classic, that ought to be your jumping off point. 
One of the best modern leathers on the market today and worthy of all the acclaim and buzz. There is a reason it get's copied by Clive Christian and others as it's a modern designer masterpiece, great job with this one TF! A must try.
Narcotique;..-- Narcotico!

Bare with my bullshit, please...

So... Here we go. I first read about TL some years ago... prior to my stay in France (studied language there for six months). Seem'd like my type of scent. Elegant, dark leather, wow I thought. I was still - who knows maybe am still today - in my initiation phase; I praised perfume as "status symbol", as a garment, in a way - but let's not forget I've always genuinely adored scents and tastes etc. 

Today.. many years later.. it hit me what Tuscan Leather really portraits. Although, I had always bare a good hint; 

Let me give you a clue: When arriving in Provence, south of France, I wore my thrifted Armani jacket. I'm 99.99% sure it's a fake. However it's black, and it's suede, or at the least fake suede. First time applying TL was in France, I wore that jacket, covered it, three sprays or so. Lovely! for me TL was always sort of that black suede. Then later during my trip I went to a The Kooples, spotted a suede leather jacket... I went to some other designer store, spotted a black suede coat... which was REALLY expensive... Never really cared about their scent, prolly didn't sniff em, but to me they screamed: TL!

Today some new gloves of mine arrived by mail, as my old ones got lost..

I ordered a pair of brown leather gloves and a pair of black, also suede. They differ only in two aspects: color and odor. The brown leather has a much more, shall I say, musty odor; I think it's more accurate to the actual smell of purely tanned leather, lacking the sweetness of black suede - when leather gets tanned for the western market, it's chemically or perhaps sometimes organically treated to give it a less harsch scent/odor; leading to leathers smelling differently, usually the same color of leather have similar scent, for example: I can tell if there's a beige leather sofa in a room, or if your sneakers are white, just by sense of smell).

Now the TL;DR

Tuscan leather smells sweet like black suede. The black suede I smelled was made from goat leather. Although I find these aspects in the black goat suede too, raspberry and ashy smoke are amplified in TL. There's also something tobacco-ey. And something moist, watery, perhaps a moist rose, an absolute, which might definitely be used also for the black suede tanning. Or perhaps I'm mixing stuff up here.. As i brings both noir the noir and oud by MFK to mind, I though it was rose, but only NdN has rose, but both of them has saffron, so does TL, perhaps it's the saffron, which may be used for black suede tanning, too. The thyme is there, too. Perhaps that's why it'a so powdery, dry. 


I Imagine Tuscan leather as gothic, mysterious, sort of Johnny Depp in Sleepy Hollow. 

A Tuscan gentleman, in black suede.     







Powerful, very distinctive masculine fragrance with a bittersweet raspberry effect.

I would not call it a leather fragrance except in a completely abstract sense, and I doubt whether many people would describe it in these terms, were it not for the name. It is a million miles from the odour of shoes or leather goods.

On the other hand I am aware that perfumers use the term leathery  to denote fragrances with a certain dry smoky phenolic quality due to the presence of quinolines, an example being aramis. 

If you had to describe this perfume to someone who had never encountered it, you might say it is aramis on steroids, plus a mountain of raspberries.
You're doing yourself a disservice if you like leather notes, but haven't tried this one. I love leather perfumes and this is one of the best - maybe a toss up between Acqua di Parma leather.
A true delight to wear. 

Definitely a masculine, refined and confident fragrance. 

It will always be in my collection.

8/10
Original:
Alright. I'm about 15+ hours into Tuscan Leather. I was not a fan of the initial smell, but it did grow on me. I didn't know about the whole Drake song, and the pop culture references to it. I guess I somehow missed that. I'm not a hip hop guy. The drydown I didn't feel was super different. Becoming used to smelling it, it smells unique. It smells male. The rasberries are there, but it is not overly fruity. I can understand people liking this fragrance. I reapplied 8 hours in and it is still kicking. I know I can still get wafts of it without burying my nose. Good/great performance. 

Supplemental: This is a great fragrance.  The smell is addictive.  The performance is stellar.  It is a sweet masculine leather.  Never have to worry about wearing it in any situation.  
The Tuscan Leather

I sprayed this one on paper at the Ataturk Airport in Istanbul. I instantly fell in love with it. Even on paper there was a good projection, and the longevity +12 Hours.

On my return, I sprayed it behind my ears. What I got was smoky-leather with a hint of sweet Raspberry.. Exquisite scent. The leather is done very very well. 

The character of this scent is seductive,mature and masculine at the same time.
Even though it's Unisex, it is more suitable for men than for women.
Pro: This is an instantly likable male scent (not that a woman couldn't wear it, but it is not surprising on a man). The raspberry/leather combination works well, imo.

Contra: Comes off as pretty synthetic, and has little development. This is very linear. 

At this price, not fb-worthy for me. Not a bad bottle to have, though.
Magnificent leather experience! Reminiscent of fine-quality leather jackets, wafting with smooth berry and spice and luxurious suede. 

Tom Ford's "nose" paints a picture of something rich and dignified, using an interesting array of notes to achieve an atypical leather scent. 

Thus, it is in the perception and expectation of the smeller how it ultimately comes across: Pleasant or putrid, pricy or cheap, relatable or alienating.

I find it lush, glorious, thought-provoking and overall very classy. Opinions will and do vary on this one!
Greetings. Tuscan Leather by Tom Ford, from the scent connoisseur's perspective -
Truly a Masterpiece!
Worth all its notoriety and hype garnered.
Easily the one of the most elegant masculine fragrances I've had the pleasure of encountering. 

Vintage Tom Ford

As polarizing as this is, what this fragrance evokes to me is the inside of a luxurious car's leather interior with a wonderful smokey saffron note which makes this fragrance stand in its own distinguished class from other great leather fragrances.

As for the highly mentioned...raspberry note, I cannot speak to this, I do not detect raspberry because I have no clue what a raspberry smells like.

With that said - word to the wise: TRY BEFORE YOU BUY! This is not for everyone, this is not versatile, and this is not a mass pleaser. 
It takes a certain level of unapologetic arrogance and apathy to rock this fragrance because it will offend plenty. It comes with the territory and just draws attention that way. Not a fragrance to overspray by any means.

This is an Alpha Male fragrance worthy of the podium it sits on and its Golden Tom Ford crown it wears.

10/10 rating.
Strong, bitter leather with honey, green spices and smoke. Very well crafted. 
I didn't want to love this one (especially at the price!) but when I ordered a bunch of samples, Tuscan Leather kept calling me back.

Smells like a fine Italian leather jacket, not a saddle or catchers mitt.  The raspberry in the background makes it fascinating.  I don't get any smoke.

Tuscan Leather lasts well over 12 hours for me.  1 spray is it for me so I can't really comment on the sillage.

This is a love it or hate it frag.  Not a good blind buy and I wouldn't recommend it for steamy summer days but I think everyone should sample Tuscan Leather for reference.

Where do I start???

When I first tried Tuscan Leather I thought it was too over bearing. Maybe too opulent and full of leather and nothing else. After playing around with it over the past few years I have come to appreciate this wonderful fragrance. 

Tuscan Leather does come across as full on. It does come across as a bit of a playboy. It does come across as slightly aggressive and cocksure. So I can see how some of the more reserved members could find it repulsive.

I actually get more suede than leather. I get the slight raspberry/tart note. Other than that the fragrance is pretty linear. What you get at the start will be what you get at the finishing line.

With regards to the cocaine association, I totally get it. And it's not just a fleeting note. It's there. To me it's deliberate. As someone who has never really been into that scene, I confess that I am no expert. However, I know what the stuff smells like and it's all here.

This is a statement fragrance. You will stand head and shoulders above the rest. Just be sure to pick and choose the right occasion. 




Nice leather scent. The raspberry really does sit beneath it and is difficult to detect. It does dry down to a sweet vanilla, but my skin loves vanilla and always makes it more pronounced. Elegant and cozy. I wore it frequently this winter.
A classy bright leather based fragrance.
Tuscan leather is one of those fragrances that smells better when it is sniffed from a distance rather than up close. i get the raspberry and saffron in the opening followed by a bright and sharp leathery note. it does not smell dark to me. longevity is excellent.

Rating: 8.7/10
Tuscan Leather is probably the closest thing to an animalic that I'll wear. The opening smells like oiled leather. The oil is strong to my senses, almost more so than the leather to begin with. It's not unpleasant and feels musty and earthy to some degree. I found myself waiting for the raspberry to appear. I'm now three hours in and the addition of the raspberry with the oiled leather smells great! I'm enjoying it much more now. I'm at seven hours in now and this has mellowed into a wonderfully enjoyable fragrance. The "oiled" smell has dissipated to the point that it's barely noticeable now. At the lower level it adds more to the composition in my opinion. I've had four female co-workers tell me today that this smelled great! That's a pretty decent testimonial!
Being number 9 in a series of 16 reviews on critically acclaimed and noteworthy scents. 

For my money, Tuscan Leather provides a very good middle path between completely rugged leathers, which I can give or take, and fragrances that incorporate leather in some form as a subsidiary accord. 

It starts off with a version of leather that is robust enough to be believable, and as per the name is redolent of a high quality leather garment or accessory straight out of an exclusive boutique somewhere in Italy. The transition is a gradual but smooth one, working through various florals, perhaps gardenia and violet, to end with a sweetish raspberry accord that retains just enough of the leather to make it work. Once the leather at the beginning wears off, TL betrays its unisex origins. I would like to smell this on a woman and see what happens (with the development of the fragrance). 

Sillage is uncompromising and longevity nuclear. The quality is high and while I am not likely to part with the money for it any time soon, it keeps you interested. I think I'm a fan. 
Stardate 20160908:

A great modern fruity leather. While no BelAmi in composition, it is more wearable.

It is a trendsetter and hence copied shamelessly (and improved IMO) by PdM's Godolphin, AdP Colonia Leather, La Yuqawam etc.

Everyone should smell this and the others listed above. And then buy one that suits you the best.





I love everything about this.  It is spicy, leather, wonderful sillage and longevity.  Best of the Tom Ford line...EXCEPT ONE THING...La Yuqawam pour Homme Rasasi smells IDENTICAL and costs under $100 while this is in the neighborhood of $200
If Tom Fords Tuscan Leather were a wine, It would be a huge unapologetic Cabernet. This is massive leather with crushed blackberry,raspberry and saffron beneath it. This scent is sophisticated testosterone in a bottle that will bully all your other fragrances. Think Ron Swanson in a leather chair, smoking a cigar and drinking his Lagavulin whiskey by a crackling Yule log.

Mar
17
2016 

Thus stuff is awesome, I mean really awesome. Definitely stout and maybe too much for some but you have to appreciate the raw power in just one spray. It Exudes a confident aura of ruggedness. I have been through three samples/decants this winter and looking to get a bottle soon. Top note is definitely a rich leather kind of like Connolly hides in an antique British roadster with some sweet smoke mixed in. I get hints of the raspberry but my nose is so enamoured by the leather it doesn't stay with me. Again expensive and should be sampled thoroughly but special in so many ways.
I'm not saying that you have to have a rough style with leather bracelets and other male jewlery, but it definitely helps if you are comfortable having a bit of a Johnny Depp-esque style if you are going to pull this off. Rough, confident men can wear this. 

Fantastic, authentic smell, but not for everyone. 
Salutation.

The stuff of addiction.If you've ever wanted to be so classy, sophisticated and sensual that is intrigues your presence,much like JAMES BOND,then TUSCAN LEATHER TOM FORD would be your perfume of choice.The private Blend lineup is full of great choice like this one and Tobacco Vanille.this my new favorite is truly a gem because not many poople wear it and this smells far better than 90% of the fragrances out in the market today. TUSCAN LEATHER exudes class and demands the envy of others. Rich,Leathery,Smoky, Special,Bitter,Expensive,Addictive and Masterpiece.

This great fragrance opens with saffron and raspberry for a powerful introduction,before fading into a heart of jasmine and olibanum.finally leathery notes bring a warm masculinity to the base however it is a unisex but i found it more masculine than feminine. the dry down is absulutely unique.it definitely a perfume that can worn to formal prties and all formal occassions.the best seasons Autumn and Winter to wear it.ideal for a rich tycoon. everyone who thinks this kind of perfumes are too expensive and junky,then dosent have a right perception of essence of perfume world.expensive yes,but so worth it.it smells like you spent a fortune on it and will leave you wanting to wear it day after day.Royal Enchanment in a bottle!

Sillage?Great.

Longevity?+8 hourson my skin.

7.75/10
This cologne is REALLY incredible.  The name describes it well.

The first time I sprayed it on, it hit me. ...it reminded me of a very particular aroma.

When I was a kid, i remember trying to wear my grandpa's old leather bomber jacket. --You know, the type with the woolen collar?  The jacket just had a smell, an aroma, an aura.  It smelled like all the fun and cool things my grandpa liked to do.  It smelled of tobacco pipe smoke, a gentleman's hint of some sort of booze, old exhaust-beaten leather and it smelled dirty, but earthen and not odorous.

I wish I could post an old photo of him in that jacket.  The picture alone would exude "Tuscan Leather".

The dry down doesn't change the aroma as much as some other Tom Ford samples I've tried, it stays consistently the same type of aroma from start to finish.  I really enjoyed it.  8/10 for me.
A classically-masculine smooth leather, with elements of woodiness and smokiness.   This mostly lives up to the hype, though I'm not surprised since most Tom Ford Private Blend fragrances impress on uniqueness or strength at least.  As I'm not typically a fan of leather notes, I was surprised how agreeable this was.  I cannot detect the raspberry note specifically, though some of the floral/grassy elements are there.

Projection and longevity are both strong (more than a foot, and 8+ hours), though not as a strong as other TF PB cold weather entries like Tobacco Vanille or  Noir de Noir.  Nonetheless, it's worth trying and considering, even for the price tag, as it's well-crafted and pretty highly-concentrated

If I were bigger on leather, I would surely opt for this.  Any man should try it for himself, though, even those like me that are not usually too keen on leather.

8 out of 10 
This fragrance lived up to the hype for me, but was more refined and 'civil' than I had expected. Very little raspberry to my nose (and almost no smoke) with a prominent leather scent that's simultaneously raw yet soft.

Maybe my nose is going haywire, but on dry down I get pencil shavings, yet there's no cedar listed in the notes... maybe it's the olibanum + the styrax together? Regardless, it works. The leather and wood give me the ambience of a craftsman's workshop.

It's tenacious. I can't speak to projection/sillage, but it seems potent enough on my skin that I dare not more than two sprays.

Not complex at all yet seems perfectly blended... incredibly smooth yet the leather gives it a nice edge. The price hurts but I don't care -- I love this stuff.
I love leather scents and Tom Ford Tuscan Leather (sample from TPC - theperfumedcourt.com) does not disappoint!  Thyme was very present at first, but I only caught a whiff of raspberry up top then more developed later.  I detected leather on opening, the heart and at the base.  A very rich, expensive leather with a hint of smokiness to it and a background of suede at drydown.

I wore this to work (big mistake!), and it was a bit much for the office.  In future, I’d wear this in more casual settings or a night out.  The projection and sillage are incredible (which I adore) so a little over the top to my nose for a professional setting.  I would step out of my office and return 15-20 minutes later and still smell “me” in the room.  I put this on before work in the morning and it was almost as strong when I got home at night 10 hours later!  I also used 4 sprays (chest, neck, wrists), and next time I’d probably just do 1 good spray to the chest.  I had forgotten before putting this on it was an EDP.

IMO this is really a very masculine scent and I’m not convinced it is unisex.  Unless you REALLY love being enveloped in the scent of leather all day this should be avoided, and the scent is enhanced beautifully when outside in the cold weather - Yum!!  I’d recommend only 1 – 2 good sprays.  I love this, and will probably procure a small 5ml vial from TPC since you can buy small quantity juice there, just to have some on hand for special occasions when I want a sophisticated leather fragrance in the winter months.

As always, your results may vary!
I thought the same thing when the woman at Nordstroms sprayed me with it.Oh man Leather on my skin now I smell just like a coat and I live in FL so it was warm outside and I would walk pass people thinking I smell like  a leather coat in 75 degree weather. But as I left and went home the most amazing thing happened I rolled down the window and my gosh the most beautiful smell arose and entered my nostrils.  I looked at the freshener in the car nope and smelled my arm where she sprayed and it was awesome.  The dry down was amazing so much so I turned around and went back 20 min to pick it up.  So many compliments now at work. It works well in the heat also. Love it 10 Thumbs up
This is the right fragrance at the right time for me. It has the concentrated niche smell I love, and it's a smoky leather version that is perfectly safe and enjoyable.

Update: This stuff lasts forever on clothing but isn't too powerful if it touches skin only. The development is challenging, and my initial enthusiasm has turned to caution. I'm leaving it as thumbs up, but I need to wear it more to decide if it's really for me, and something I'm sure I like. I'm thinking it may go into the neutral category, but I'm giving myself time to try to understand the Tom Ford Private Blends, and whether they're actually any good.
SMOKE!

That is all I could smell in the opening of this one, but not a mild cigar type smoke.  More like an industrial coal burning smoke, extremely strong for the first hour or so.

The dry down has now mellowed to a gorgeous raspberry note backed up by an oriental or middle eastern fragrance that I can't quite put my finger on.

The stangest thing is, i'm not really getting leather as such, perhaps the vaguest hint is there but certainly not in the foreground. (must be my un-educated nose).

When I first sprayed this on I was a bit overwhelmed (the opening is SO powerful), and thought that if I smelled like this the entire day I wouldn't wear it again.  But after an hour or so it calms down, and then you realise that this is excellent stuff.

Buy a sample first (I did) because this will certainly not be everyone's cup of tea, and go easy on the sprays!

But WOW, this is a real winner!
Upon originally smelling this, I got an overwhelming amount of smoke that obscured any of the other components, including the namesake Leather.  Various trips to the Tom Ford counter at my local Nordstrom got me several samples which I layered with TF Mandarino and again with Oud Wood which really brought out the leather and the raspberry in the dry down that everyone talks about (and layered really well too).  Since I'm finally able to get past the smoke, this well crafted, challenging (for me) and ultimately rewarding gets this frag a thumbs up from me. 
This is a very well behaved fragrance. For me it opens up with a strong leather note. Fresh leather but not raw like cuir d'arabie. It's kind of like AdP Leather with the citrus substituted for the raspberry. However, for me at least, this did not last more that 10-15 minutes. The dry down is long lasting - it has serious legs on my skin. A little too much raspberry for me. It is masculine though. Refined and for the more mature man. Overall it is a quality fragrance but I would not pay the high price for it. 
Genre: Leather

The purist’s leather:  a rich, smoky, birch tar-laden leather accord unencumbered by much of anything else. Critics might complain that this is more of a perfumer’s “base” than a true fragrance, but if you want unadulterated leather, this is it. Linear for a couple of hours before it fades into a dry woody amber. 

Forget the jasmine, frankincense, herbs, and saffron in the pyramid. It’s about the leather,  so if you think the iris and civet in Chanel Cuir de Russie, the fruit, moss, and spices in Knize Ten, and the oudh in Oud Cuir d’Arabie are all distractions, this may be your leather scent. If any of these others are your leather ideal, you might find Tuscan Leather incomplete. But I can’t deny that it smells good!

yea. raspberry and leather. a classy scent. Tuscan leather is a well behaved and safe scent. classy not sexy. 
New to the fragrance game. I got a good deal on ebay for a lot including this perfume, amouage (i still don't know which one), aedes de venustas, narciso rodriguez, 3 hermes fragrances etc. When i first tried TL out, it felt very harsh and sour and I just couldn't get myself to like it so i immediately listed it on ebay for sale and went to bed. 6hrs later I woke up, in the middle of the night, and the listing already had 12 watchers and then something magical happened - I smelled the fragrance on my wrist - and it had evolved so nicely - still very leathery but it had lost the harshness it had when it opened. I immediately took it off ebay (thankfully, no one had placed a bid yet). I took my shower, went to school and returned and I can still smell this beast on my wrist(18hrs later). Im so keeping this. I'll probably get a bottle of TV too so I can layer it on this because this is likely to be difficult to wear for a young dude like me. BTW, first review on basenotes - yaaaay!!!
My personal favorite of the Private Blend line. A fantastic leather scent. Off the top there are nice notes of raspberry mixed in. On my skin, it dried down to a very rich smokiness, with amber mixed into the picture as well.  I think this is a rugged, mature fragrance and is great for a cool evening. The woman at the Tom Ford counter described this as the cologne for "the man's man" and I would agree

The longevity is fantastic, it lasted for many hours on my skin. Really happy with this fragrance. 
Standing at the Counter in Neiman Marcus, I turn to my wife and ask "Aventus or the Millesime?". Like a stubborn child refusing to leave the toy store without her wishes granted, she replied "Tuscan Leather.". 

We left with a sample spray of TL on one wrist and MI on the other. The combination was heaven. We spent the next few hours switching off wrists to nose. The next morning we were pleasantly surprised to find Mr. Ford stayed for breakfast. The longevity makes it extremely difficult to pull the trigger on a bottle of the Creed. If I could wear only one fragrance from this day forth, this is the one. It's extremely classy and luxurious, although honestly, I do associate its scent with a luxury of the past (as one reviewer put it, Tony Montana's desk). I'm not sure how we would have interpreted this fragrance without that association. 
Tuscan leather is the background smell of a Scorsese crime drama. The bold leather note is accompanied by an equally bold (and opulant) raspberry note. As the fragrance dries down the leather smoothes out, the saffron comes forward, and the raspberry remains although less punchy sweet. Throughout the whole affair fresh cigarette ashes linger in the background. The sillage is powerful and the longevity is nuclear, especially on clothes. The timid best stay away from this as Tuscan Leather will wear the weak.

9.5/10
Fantastic!The best Tom Ford scent ever.  Lasts forever, masterpiece.

Growing on me each applicationI think this is a good smell, but not a fragrance I wish to wear, or at least not very often. It smells like a wood shop to me. Or perhaps wood shop meets shoe repair store. I get leather and balsa wood, a sort of dusty smell once it is dried down. The initial top notes are a bit bitter or perhaps sour. I think my description is making out to be not a great scent; this is not the case. I just don't think this is for me. _____ Update; the longevity on this one is amazing. It last nearly 24 hours on my skin. I actually liked it more the following day; perhaps a lighter hand would be in order? A retest is needed. _____ On a subsequent wearing I went a great deal lighter, one small on my chest, and a very small one on my wrists. This is really growing on me.____ Today, I am really liking this. I especially appreciate it several hours into it; I find a bit of sweetness comes through. It is also a projection, longevity, and silage beast. I applied at 6:30 am, and 11 and a half hours later, it is far more intense than a skin scent. It also becomes more sensual at this point, moving away from what once was perhaps industrial  to a more natural leather and sweet smell.
Tuscan Leather is my signature scent. In the high desert US,  longevity and projection are challenges because of the low humidity. I need my frags strong with longevity, especially if I am paying niche price.  I work in a office but on the weekend I am a jeans, boots and black t-shirt kinda guy.  The opening is one of a oiled leather, strong and masculine, 30 min later and the sweet amber joins the party.. wow.. what a great sent.  I have had women tell me it is strikingly sexy.  I have 10 or so frags in my collection.    For work I wear my Bonds, for night out I wear my Amouges, for exotic I wear my Nasomatto's and in the heat I wear my creeds. TL however is my signature scent and the one that defines me in my day to day life.  If you think of yourself as a rough and tumble kinda guy ... You have to get your nose on TL.. give it a couple of wearings and you will be sold
There is a lot of discussion as to what makes "leather" the scent in fragrances, and it varies from one perfumer to the next.  Normally it's a vague interpretation of something that REMINDS you of leather, but isn't really leather per se.  For example - shoe polish.  It's not leather, but it sure puts in people's minds the image of nice leather pair of shoes.  Or that nasty smell of leather tannery, with unprocessed hides soaking in various batches of chemicals.  Not pretty at all, and not finished "leather" product - yet many consider this scent to be "leather" in fragrances.  Or the scent of a dead animal cut open and reeking form inside out - sort of like that Tauntaun that Han Solo cut open and shoved Luke Skywalker into to keep him from freezing (Star Wars).  That would be Dior La Collection Privée Leather Oud - it really stinks and they call it "leather" (ok, ok, this one goes from dead animal to cat piss on an old, worn leather jacket on day 2… and then on day 3 it turns softer - into a mattress soaked in urine by a kid that had an accident…  and yes, this one does last 3+ days, even with two showers a day).  How's that for "leather" interpretation?

So there are all those variations of "leather", and then there is Tom Ford Tuscan Leather.  This is by far the most natural smelling leather I have experienced in a fragrance version.  Tuscan Leather smells extremely clean, like the most luxurious, soft leather sofa, brand new leather attaché, high-end leather belt or wallet from an expensive designer house.  Or - like the cabin of a brand new Rolls-Royce Phantom or Aston Martin Vanquish - take your pick.  It is the kind of leather that we think about and smell when we experience finished leather products - good, high-quality leather products at that. Sure, one could argue that this is not a natural scent as it's a byproduct of processing animal hides in tanneries and I'm sure there are some aromatics added along the way to make dead animal skin smell pretty in the end, but that's a whole different discussion.  Tuscan Leather, ladies and gentlemen, is what we associate with the kind of leather products we buy in high-end stores, not with dead-and-still-warm animal flesh or cat pee or motoroil mixed with gasoline.  This is the embodiment of opulent and lavish leather surface at its finest.

Very masculine, sensual, elegant.  I like it straight up, but it also works exceptionally well in layering with other fragrances - it's strong enough to not get overpowered and lost, yet it's soft enough to blend well with ouds/woods, florals, etc.  Very linear and doesn't change almost at all over its long, long life (easily 18+ hours on my skin).  Excellent projection and silage (it is in EDP strength).  I bought only a small 50ml bottle and I'm kicking myself.  When this runs out - I'm getting the biggest bottle they make.  Pricey, but of all the Tom Ford Private Blend creations, this one stands out in my books with a "worth it" note.

Scent: 10/10
Longevity: 10/10
Silage: 8/10
Overall: 10/10
Smooth leather and suede are the main characters here. This is a soft luxurious leather with some serene incense and a subtle floral accord to make it very versatile and wearable. Here's what bothers me, there is a raspberry note that turns this from masculine incensed leather, to unisex my wife wants to steal it leather. Why can we have anything that's nice, all to ourselves???
Rough, edgy, and mysterious. It certainly goes against current convention.
I like the natural, masculine leather scent in this fragrance.  It is long lasting and projects well.  My problem is that it is rather linear, and after using it a few times I feel somewhat bored.



I got a few small decants of the Ford reserve scents, and I must say that I do mostly enjoy Tuscan Leather. I am reminded of a grand hunting lodge with the fireplace roaring, buttery leather chairs, and cigars and pipes glowing. 

I do get  a bit of the dirty ashtray that has been mentioned, but I am an occasional smoker so it doesn't seem to stand out too much for me. But this is strictly a cool weather scent, this would be way too overpowering on a hot day. 

Also, a little goes a long way. A quick spray to the chest is all that is needed. 
A real smoky, deeply tanned leather,  slowly unfolds to give way to mellow amber and sweeter basenotes. A beautifully constructed fragrance, only criticism is the longevity on my skin is a little disappointing: I'm lucky to get 4 hours with this one, which is a pity. good job I bought the mega bottle. The decanter is beautiful too. 
"if a man wears a suit, buy him Fahrenheit.
if a man is into rambling buy him Green Irish Tweed.
if a man is into grooming and shaving, buy him rive gauche.
if a man is into sado masochism buy him Tom Ford Tuscan Leather.....he'll love you for it..."

In all seriousness, this is the best leather fragrance one can get. it is not a scent for other people, it is the lone cogito of fragrances, to be enjoyed on a purely individual basis. I put this lightly on my wrists along with whatever other fragrance I spray on my neck. This is probably my favorite fragrance.
Treat it as a fine scotch, to be enjoyed sparsely and carefully rather than copiously and carelessly. However like a fine single malt scotch, it costs a pretty penny and comes in a nice brown bottle. 
Deep warm leather with a bracing tannic note to temper the sweetness. Smells like the wallet of a wealthy well-groomed man. Could be heavy in the wrong context. I like it more lingering on my coat than fresh on my skin.
A very masculine and aggressive fragrance;  not too soaking like Amber Absolute or Jasmin Rouge.
In my opinion, better to be weared in daytimes hours
a very enthusiastic thumbs up from me. amazingly well done smokey leather paired with just the right amount of raspberry, making this scent both masculine and not to difficult to wear. 
This perfumed boots polish and luxury suede elicits several olfactory conjurations about Clive Christian C which is a more fruity-spicy and a less specifically leathery (far more expensive) beast. I fully agree with rbacker, the beginning is slightly gassy and clearly darkened by the influence of dark-red ripe wild berries (raspberries, bilberries). In a while the leather emerges from the back and it's a sort of silky leather somewhat linear, velvety dark, barely chemical, sharp and plain. The aroma holds on to be leathery and rather linear till the end reporting to mind the luxurious odour of leatherwears and furniture polish. Along the dry down a denser woodiness from oudh keeps coming out with its charge of resinous, plasticity and luxury, conjuring up the slightly chemical and "sticky" typical cobbler workshop background aroma and projecting the luxury leatherwears boutique atmosphere. Realistic and well made.
Wow this is simply beautiful. 

The leather is certainly very strong at first and probably will scare away a few people. However once this juice dries down slowly, you really start to love this. 

It oozes confidence and smells so special. 

I actually use one spray of Tuscan Leather and one spray of Noir de Noir. I once told this to one of the TF counter girls and she thought I was a little crazy until she tried the same and nearly died of being overwhelmed by the glorious fusion.

Try it :)
Tuscan Leather by Tom Ford - Upon application, one is immersed in a invigorating leather, quite similiar to new, nubuck shoes, exuding a soft, velvety smell. This wonderful leather appears to be superimposed on a fairly muted, nectarous and fruity cluster of raspberries. Reveling herbs, namely saffron and thyme, push this fruitiness aside, and infuse the leather with their own sweet and peppery as well as lemony and woody aspects. A faint floral sweetness from jasmine begs to be recognized, but succumbs to the nascent, citrus and pine of olibanum. This rich frankincense rises to tug at the supple leather, and in its zeal, a fleeting, terpene note is sensed. As opposition, a sharp woodiness from the amber counters with its own plea for supremancy. The coveted, subtle leather meanwhile basks in its elegance. Albeit somewhat linear, this appealing composition has good longevity and projection.
Cant really say much , but when I first smelt  it  I thought  wow this is  new to my nose and its not like the other fragrance I have come a cross before ,it does smell like leather tho .and its not like what some say that the dry down is a let down ,u just need to wear it for 2 weeks and have a break for a day and then wear it again and you will know what I'm going on about .
I am afraid that this may be one of those addictive fragrances that I have heard about. I love the raspberry leather opening. It is so sharp that it almost makes my nose tingle. The leather is so true; it is like that crisp animalic note of a new leather belt, or the smell of a leather goods store. There isn't anything buttery going on here, nor anything powdery. It is balanced by some sweetness, but these notes are not readily identifiable to my nose. In the drydown the leather shares the stage with that unusual oud note of Ford's that seems to smell like Ajax or Comet cleanser at first, then settles down into an interesting harmony that lasts for hours. I just cannot stop sniffing my wrist when I have it on.
Beautiful leather, never harsh, just so gentle, but pure leather, a top quality piece of furniture almost. I adore it. I thought I had purchased my last of Tom ford private blend, having indulged in Tobacco Vanille & Amber Absolute but I have to have this, wonderful.

This is certainly powerful for a cedrat-driven scent. I have to say, though, I'm not sure I remember L'Occitane's cedrat EDT being ever so different from CD in its overall composition. Consistent, strong sillage, if that's what you're after. In my view, it's the cedrat note that sets this composition apart from cheaper scents.

It is a little disturbing that it stays fresh for quite this long. I find it linear, unremarkable, but there's something endearing in just how much Mancera has put in for the punters.
This is an absolute powerhouse of a fragrance.

Every time I wear it I get noticed and I get comments even so much that one of my work colleagues immediately went out and bought a bottle of this after smelling it on me.

It's bold, smokey, a little fruity at the start, and on me carries quite a medicinal note. It is a little linear after the opening but given how solid a performer it is, I'd simply be nit picking to criticise it for that.

I would't know how close Cedrat Boise is to Aventus because I've never compared the two. Regardless I'd rather have a bottle of this monster performer any day.

Also just an additional note to point out how nice the bottle feels in the hand. Nice solid bottle with a cool feeling metallic cap, all delivered in a nice Montale/Mancera style carry pouch.

Lovely stuff.
Very pleasant woodsy lemon - very wearable and versatile but not as interesting as the note listing and hype seem to suggest - I don’t get much of the florals or blackcurrant - I just get more lemony wood in the dry down. It’s still nice though and avoids smelling like a cleaning product (which most lemon scents don’t.) The absence of the fruity florals leave it a bit wanting though to be bottle worthy.
Creamy, buttery lemon.

Lasts all day, with 2-3 sprays.

And on my clothes in the mornin'.


Great juice, the wife loves it.  The only gripe would be that it's fairly linear.
This has to be the most outrageously misrepresented fragrance I've ever come across.
All the reviews are constantly comparing this to Aventus. It has absolutely NOTHING in common with Aventus. I can understand when people lump other fragrances like Pineapple Vintage, Zara Vibrant Leather, Mont Blanc Explorer etc into the category of Aventus. Those fragrances definitely are in a similar class and share a similar DNA.
However, MCB is a much darker, richer, heavier fragrance that has more in common with Chanel Coromandel and Allure Edition Blanche, than any resemblance to Aventus.
Also, MCB is a leather fragrance. The leather is quite sharp from the start and settles down to a more suede and ambery, woody vanilla in the drydown.

I almost feel guilty for even mentioning Aventus in this review, because these two fragrances shouldn't be appearing in any sort of list together. But sadly, it's so commonly compared to Aventus that I feel that the myth needs to be thoroughly dispelled.
I also feel like this is some sort of test to allow us to more easily identify the hype gallery amongst the community. If you're saying this smells anything like Aventus, I think you need to spend a little more time trying other fragrances and less time reading reviews. I'm not sure what started this thing with drawing parallels to Aventus, but it needs to stop. Was its original formulation more similar? I have no idea, but the one I have is not even in the same category.

This all said. MCB is not a bad fragrance. Just don't expect it to be anything like what all the frag bros harp on about.
I do like Coromandel and Allure Edition Blanche. MCB sits more alongside them. It's not a bright, fresh, open fragrance. It's darker and richer.
Quite possibly my most commented on and favoured fragrances. Has a very satisfying opening and this develops into a long-lasting scent of at least five to six hours. An absolute classic of a fragrance and one I go back to, time and again.
It doesn't smell like Aventus up until the drydown, but it has more going for it on the top and mid. I'd say Aventus for the day, and Cedrat for night outs. Overall, I like it more than my 16L Aventus.
This is a really nice masculine fragrance that gives me similar vibes as Creed Aventus, but isn't a clone of that fragrance in any way really. To my nose, only the opening reminds me of Aventus (and mainly due to the sweet blackcurrent note). The opening is bergamot, blackcurrent, cedarwood, lots of black pepper, and a hint of violet leaf to my nose, making it sweet yet spicy and masculine leaning at the same time. On the drydown though, it goes in the direction of mostly cedarwood with blackcurrent and a bit of bergamot in the background, and doesn't remind me of Aventus at all (no noticeable leather notes). In fact it reminds me of Creed Bois du Portugal and Lalique pour Homme (Lion) due to the prominent and natural smelling cedarwood note, and also a bit like Dior Sauvage.

This is like a power scent. It's a scent you wear to a business meeting or when you want to make a statement or your presence known. "Cedrat Boise" as a name is very appropriate, but I feel it should've been called "Cassis Boise" because the blackcurrent and cedarwood are stars of this show.

Projection is insanely good (2 sprays was almost too much for me and nearly choked me out; 1 spray is all I can do with this fragrance). In fact projection is so strong I'd classify this as a winter scent. While longevity is also insane, projecting strongly for over 8 hours and even through a workout! Overall this is an amazing masculine fresh yet sweet and heavily woody fragrance with absolutely nuclear performance. 

5/5
A nice and clean fragrance; lemon with woody undertones. Not as smoky as Aventus, this is more geared towards fruits and woods. The opening is lemon, the mid is lemon supported by fruits, and the dry down is woody. The opening does have that fruity Aventus vibe but I think CB is different and remains its own fragrance from start to finish.
An awful lot of noise comes from the online fragrance community across forums, YouTube, and social media, especially from the CISHET male side about how Mancera Cedrat Boise (2011) is the big "Creed Aventus (2010) killer" made to put the house in its place for considerably less. This is absurd, and has righteously caused many Creed sycophants to instantly declare this an enemy/usurper (which is a bit theatrical but not far off), while others whom agree with the declaration think they've earned some modicum of hipster colognoisseur cred by wearing the Mancera over the Creed. Once all the silly High School drama clears and we're left with Cedrat Boise sitting on it's own merits, what we actually have is a fragrance released by a perfumer who is in his own little world (likely from sniffing too much synthetic oud) that is indeed a competitor for the same demographic almost by accident, but actually smells more like higher-quality and more-natural predecessor to Dior Sauvage (2015). Another glaring facet that "dudebros" seem to forget is Cedrat Boise is not a gendered fragrance, and therefore all but unisex without being called such, so folks with feminine chemistry are also meant to try it to see what results can be wielded from wearing it. I do agree that like many Unisex Creeds, Cedrat Boise mostly appeals to masculine tastes, but not by the design of the house of course, since "citrus woody" as its name roughly translates could apply to a number of feminine perfumes. Cedrat Boise is a dry woody scent with a juicy sharp fruity citrus punch on top, and a few key synthetics to shape it out, which is where I get most similarities with it and the designer bomb known as Sauvage.

Mancera Cedrat Boise opens with a brief rush of dry bergamot, followed by Sicilian lemon, and a sweet blackcurrant note which is the biggest comparable facet to Aventus it has. The connection to the later Sauvage is much stronger and almost instant as well; one can surmise that François Demachy of house Dior must have taken huge inspiration from Pierre Montale's work here when he composed Sauvage, especially in the base construction. I can see where the fruity presentation might sniff of Aventus from afar, but a total lack of pineapple (or the ability to tell it apart from blackcurrant) instantly kills all serious likeness between Aventus and Cedrat Boise to me. A touch of dusty white florals and cardamom spice inhabit the middle of Cedrat Boise, while the blackcurrant continues into the heart, joined by a white patchouli note and jasmine hedione. A telltale norlimbanol scratchiness which is milder than Sauvage but close in throbbing tone announces the base, and also distances Cedrat Boise from Aventus even further, both in quality and personality. A white musk and cedar note finish out Cedrat Boise, with hints of leather softened by vanilla and shined up with a sliver of oakmoss bite, whatever quantity is allowed by IFRA these days anyway. Sillage is mild overall, and downright weak for the usual Montale/Mancera composition, but longevity is stellar at 12+ hours assuming you don't become anosmic to the musk or synthetic karmawood. This is a perfect year-rounder generalist through and through for folks digging this vibe, so wear it where you will, and maybe make it a signature if you're a one-scent kind of person. My only complaint is I'd get bored really fast if this was my signature of choice, since this style is all but standardized anymore.

A big weak point to Cedrat Boise if compared directly to Aventus is the scratchy norlimbanol, although not as intense as what is found in the later Sauvage, but still gives Cedrat Boise an obvious synthetic quality which Aventus is much better at hiding with its house ambergris. Secondly, without pineapple or vetiver, the only real link they share is the white floral heart, and that's too brief, but for noses not as finely-honed, I can see where the confusion in telling them apart lies. I also honestly don't think Cedrat Boise was made to be an "Aventus Killer", as marketing anything that way is setting up for failure with critics, who have by and large embraced this juice. Lastly, Cedrat Boise is one of a glut that Pierre Montale churns out yearly for his own houses, precluding any notion of targeting another scent's market, especially considering Aventus was barely even a year old by that point, and not yet the hype monster it would become in the fragrance community. Guys who like Sauvage but find it too sharp, loud, or shrill should really check into Cedrat Boise, and fans of Aventus should add this alongside, as discounters often sell it at designer price points, so you can get it with less risk. Old heads will likely hate Cedrat Boise, but it's almost deserved disappointment if you prefer mossy or animalic masculines and dive into psuedo-synthetic "nouveau-niche" like this without first testing. I am a fan of the fruity sharp citrus synthetic woods style (much to the chagrin of some peers), as for me it's the early 2000's come again, but I'd not recommended this over anything it compares to because Cedrat Boise feels less like a replacement for a popular masculine and more like an alternative to sit alongside them in a larger collection; it's a real off-beat "deep cut" of a creation made more for a collector than somebody with a smaller, more pragmatic wardrobe. Thumbs up! 
At first when I got this.... I thought it was OK, however after more wearing, what a gem this really is.

Juicy, fruity, woody. 

In the warm weather this radiates and creates a lovely clean fresh Aura,  a bubble of fresh Citrus and Blackcurrant... Before slowly turning woody. 
For all the Creed fans, yeah it has that vibe, however this is like a distant cousin. More friendly and defo better value for the money. 

Mancera hit it out of the Park again for me. Simply delightful. Gains a lot of notice and liked by most around you when wearing. 

Overall Scent 8.9 - 10
Projection 8.6 - 10
Longevity 8.5 - 10

A good 8hrs on my skin
I love this! It's canvas is of Citrus based cleaner used in a Public toilet. Jasmine's vague Petroleum Indol and Contemporary creamed Sandal dances a diddle atop. A green Cedarwood note is countered by a fruity Currant.
Apply lightly and concentrate on the playful dance.

Another Mancera fun fragrance.  
So Cedrat Boise it seems will be forever known as the Aventus clone. I think that does it a massive disservice. There are similarities for sure. It was obviously inspired by Aventus. But CB is different. It is much creamier than Aventus. It is certainly fruitier. 

Very nice indeed. 
This is Mancera  showing Creed how to do it as far as green woody fragrances are concerned Cedrat Boise is far superior to Aventus. Its more focused, cleaner, fresher, more of masculine edge to it, less 'damp and green'. The difference between walking in a fresh cool sunny meadow versus one that's just been rained in. Or a picture perfectly in focus showing that is what the scents meant to be versus someone who's gone to photoshop. And it's better value for money.
At the other extreme there is always Armaf Club de Nuit which is a budget incredibly accurate clone of Aventus. Mancera however is pure class. 

Fragrance: 4/5
Projection: 4/5
Longevity: 4/5

Stop press: June 2019: Notino are selling 120 ml bottles for £52 including postage. Cheaper than the 60 ml bottles!
A quite fruity (kind of apparently berrish and surely lemony) sophisticated creamy sandalwood. There is a quite present lemony/grassy aura (the cedrat vibe) which is musky and floral (definitely classic in effect - some old school or classically appointed sandalwood/jasmine-implementations from Estee Lauder or Mark Buxton jump vaguely on mind). The "sandalwood/jasmine/black currant connection" is surely central. I detect the "Cedrat Boise-effect" but the note of sandalwood (a floral sophisticated musky sandalwood) is equally dominant. Feminine.
Strong citrus and the jasmine in the opening. It reminds me of Mr. Balmain but higher quality. The woods and blackcurrent give it a rainy day quality that's nice. It's the best of this type of citrus cedar style I've tried so far. I would probably prefer this to Bois de Cedrat simply for the sillage and longevity. I would also choose this over Mediterraneo Tuscan Cypress. 
when first applied,aventus did come to mind. when i smelled my wrist again, the aventus was gone.in an twinkle of an eye, sandalwood stands up in this. cedrat boise has a citrus and woody personality with a discrete vanilla base. lemon,bergamot,sandalwood, cedar, blackcurrant to tone down the citrus, and vanilla....fantastic!!! totally different than aventus, which has a spicey identity. im ready to sign cedrat boise to my starting roster to join my superstars like  aventus.
This opens with a rather strong lemon zest, which thankfully dies down rather quickly, but settles in with a sweeter version of lemon, like a meringue.

The fruit dominates, with just a touch of cedar in the background, to me a slight astringent tang, just a hint of a Band-Aid, in no way off-putting.

I really enjoy this.

9/10
Just received Cedrat Boise and I must say it is a lovely fragrance! Now, I know I am going to make enemies here so for all of my frienemies who say this is a clone of Aventus, smells like Aventus, resembles Aventus....unfortunately I would have to disagree. This is nothing like Aventus from the beginning to the end. And yes, we are all entitled to our own opinions, and mine says I don't get Aventus at all.

I, too, like landshark321 think there are other fragrances that resemble Aventus and due to all the hype put out there regarding these two (among others) I was intentional about locating the similarities and for me there aren't any. The first fragrance that came to mind was Obsession for men by Calvin Klein....
(If this reminds me of anything that would be the aforementioned. I think this is a newer more modern take on the very manly Obsession if to give a point of reference). 

In a league of it own, Cedrat Boise has a woodsy, gourmand feel to it that is creamy and fresh all at the same time. With the Bergamot, Cedarwood, and a very potent Lemon and Blackcurrant that's clearly and artfully done-I see Cedrat Boise as one having created an ambiance of its own; a stand alone fragrance for anytime, anywhere, with....shut yo mouth!!

There is a certain DRY sweetness that you get as all the notes come together. I will give this a bit more time as I adjust...great fragrance overall!!
Cedrat Boise by Mancera has a fruity opening, and then it transforms to something familiar to me: fresh, woody, and a little sweet -- one of my favorite scents back in college -- the first version of Colors for Men by Benetton. Cedrat Boise is a lot better, though, and more modern. A gourmet version of fast-food Colors for Men. 

Wearing just a dab sample, Cedrat Boise's longevity is excellent on my skin, and the projection is moderate at best. If you can afford to purchase a full bottle, I'd say go for it. 
For me, it's the sandalwood and jasmine notes that star after the initial, very pleasant citrus opening. I get very good performance from this and it's the type of scent i look forward to wearing when the occasion and mood suits.
After several wears of this, it is definitely a keeper in my collection and if it was a choice between a bottle of this or a bottle of Aventus, it's this.

A sweet boozy cherry tobacco scent with roasted almond/tonka and some woods.

I was pleasantly surprised by this one.
this starts off with a huge dark sweet cherry note which tones down quickly within 5 minutes. i then get some boozy cherry tobacco along with slightly roasted almonds. at this stage it reminds me just a little bit of some of the notes in tobacco vanille. i dont get the rose and jasmin.

After that it gradually gets more woody (cedarwood), more balsamic and less sweet/almondy over the course of 3 hours. by the 4 hour mark the scent is woody with some tonka and vanilla, some remains of the cherry note and just a hint of those spices. lasts 6 plus hours and has moderate projection its not weak at all by any means.
also, its totally unisex.
Overall score 8.2/10
I am obsessed with this fragrance. I received it for Christmas and have already purchased a backup for myself, and if it’s confirmed that this is in fact a limited edition I’ll be saving up to purchase a few more... I’ve honestly never smelled anything like this that moved me (or the money in my wallet) so strongly. 

The scent is divinely delicious on me. Sweet cherry syrup that lasts for hours before the woody tonka drydown. I get a hint of almonds but they’re toasted and glazed in the cherry sauce, which I would equate more to a sticky syrup than a boozy liquor, but I don’t drink so maybe I’m just ignorant to how that would smell. Regardless this juice is intoxicating and the entire time it’s on my skin I’m in love with how I smell.

The sillage is actually quite impressive but Tom Ford fragrances are always way ahead of the game in performance versus other designer fragrance lines for me. This is no exception and I’m actually shocked to hear that so many people had issues with this scent not lasting long enough or projecting, I’d say this scent almost knocks me out at times it’s just as strong as some of his other scents (I must stress again, on my skin). I never spray this on clothes, only on my skin, so I’m not sure if that would improve anything, because I don’t need to. There’s nothing about this fragrance I would change, except the price. 

I highly recommend testing for yourself but I wouldn’t suggest a blind buy even if you’re obsessed with Tom Ford fragrances like me because it’s an awful lot of money to be out of if you’re expectations aren’t met. Mine were exceeded and considering all the negative buzz this scent generated, I was pleasantly surprised. 
smells like Amaretto, a bit boozy and sweet, I like Liqueur of cherries, but as a scent, it appears a bit strange.

Performance is very good, but it is more suitable for Cold weather and for outside activities.


The release of Tom Ford Lost Cherry was almost as well-publicized, and seemingly highly anticipated, as that of Fucking Fabulous in late 2017.  In the case of Lost Cherry, the "limited edition" label used in FF was no longer a new feature, and since FF eventually became a mainstay, there was little reason to believe it, but lo and behold, Lost Cherry is only available in 50ml bottles (at the same price of FF, OWI, TOI, and NPF) at $320 for 50ml.

The scent, though, is quite great, and frankly it's at least intuitive in that cherry liqueur is a central note.  When combined with tonka and almond, it takes on a sharp, boozy feel, and with peru balsm, rose, and woods, it's creamy and comforting in the dry down.  It's really mostly gourmand without being utterly, completely gourmand.

Almond and tonka are fun additives, especially in concert with one another, like they were in FF.  Almost natural bedfollows, their sweet-yet-creamy-but-sort-of-powdery tartness makes for a fun counterpoint to the cherry liqueur, held by the glue of the balsam and woods, and ever so slightly hint of rose, barely detectable.

It's important to note that Lost Cherry's cherry is relatively short-lived, the cherry being front-and-center for only an hour or two and being wholly in the background after 6 hours.  The fragrance itself lasts somewhat more, not a beast by any means but not as horrible on my skin as some seem to purport it on theirs.

Performance seems to be the main gripe of the fragrance, particularly considering its high pricing, on the higher tier of Tom Ford Private Blend, and it being limited to only 50ml bottle as opposed to flacons that would allow for splits, or even 100ml bottles also, which would be better priced by volume than the 50ml bottles.

Considering performance and pricing issues, the Dua Fragrances alternative of Popped Cherry is particularly appealing in terms of slightly better performance, greater use of cherry, and lower cost, of course, at $65 for 30ml, always discounted further.  I find that both Popped Cherry and Lost Cherry have interesting nuances, the former more cherry-intensive and the latter more generally gourmand, particularly in the dry down.

I find Lost Cherry to be a great release, as much as the gimmick of the limited edition, particularly without the availability of flacons (at least for now...a new trick), does start to get bit old, and will undoubtedly test many TF fans, especially with other cherry fragrances out there like Dua's as well as another fresh/sweet/tart realistic cherry fragrance, Hilde Soliani Una Tira L'Altra, which is available on Luckyscent for only $160 for 100ml.

Still, I credit the release for drumming up some interest in cherry as a particular note and gourmands as a general category of fragrances. Presumably more clones that Dua's will follow.

8 out of 10
I just tested it at the airport. The opening is much of a candy-like, syrupy cherry, with the bitter almond playing a big part in this. It softens to a powdery tonka with amber-like balsam. Unfortunately, this original gourmand and regressive dries down to a cherry blossom that stays way too close to the skin. 
Lost Cherry really surprised me. I smelled it over the weekend and was captivated. I sprayed once on my wrist, and kept going back to it the rest of the evening...I went back to Saks the next day and bought a full bottle. It's insanely expensive, but a holiday splurge never hurt anyone, right?

Cherry opens this one in a big way. One of the most realistic notes I've ever smelled in a fragrance, it literally smells like you just opened a jar of high end luxardo cherries. After a few minutes that initial cherry burst goes away and leads to a beautiful almond/cherry/tonka fragrance that leads the rest of the way. 

Projection and sillage are both average, longevity has been good for me so far (8+ hours), and I am OK with that. I don't love fragrances that are loud and screamy with projection, and this is a fragrance that leaves a decent sillage trail and can be discovered if someone is close enough. I was really surprised to love this one so much, but on scent alone this has immediately become one of my favorites, and will be a beautiful cold weather/holiday staple of mine. 

For me the best way to enjoy Mitsouko, whether vintage or current formulation, is to wear the extract.  It’s the smoothest, prettiest version of this peachy chypre and it won’t leave you scratching your head like some of the other incarnations can.  The challenge of the EDP and EDT comes from that distinct “peach skin” accord of the opening notes.  It’s an abstraction, an idea of a natural smell recreated with persicol, oakmoss and other chemicals that will have varied reactions.  Some swear they smell a photorealistic peach plucked from the tree. Others like myself smell something both bitter and shrill, like champagne laced with strychnine.  But the extract is different.  It’s for Goldilocks. Somehow the peach comes off sweeter and golden, like it is linked to the milky warmth of sandalwood in the basenotes.  This Mitsouko is the one that immediately validates her status as legendary because she is such a timeless, unique and addictive concoction with layers of interest and complexity.  It is easy to imagine a person of 1919, 1960, 1989...etc. being faithful to this bottle and wishing that it never change.  That isn’t to say the EDP and EDT don’t have their own devotees, but it will depend upon how you react to that opening accord. When people talk about classic perfumery, French-style, abstract composition, they’re talking about Mitsouko.  It’s the reference chypre, the Mona Lisa of Grasse. The unlikely to be pretty Bergamot, Patchouli, Cistus and Oakmoss accord tinted and Guerlain-ified with fruit and flowers.  A perfectly judged, impossible to duplicate, enduring, mysterious masterpiece.  
This is reviewing a 50ml refill bottle of the EDP I bought online in August 2019. I don't know what the edition is, yet I am quite sure this is one of the most recent formulations, because yes, it is different from the formulae I have always known.

I will hasten to add that it smells wonderful... So it's not *bad*... just *different*.

Brilliant, nose-prickling aldehydes slowly evanesce to reveal a head of bergamot, and possibly delicate accents of sweet orange, a phantom lemon, petitgrain and neroli to create a brilliant citrus head. And the famous fruity, dry peach, kissed with a discreet anise.

To my nose, this new edition has more musky quality, with perceptible deermusk, civet and ambergris (all synthetic, I'm quite sure). Being a big animalic fan, I like this quality.

In years past, it would be at this moment that I smelled a certain urinaceous quality-- likely castoreum-- smelling for all the world like deer urine in a Texas cedar forest, its floor covered in moody, mulching autumn leaves. I'm really not getting that note here now... the peach/citrus is more juicy and "present".

To my nose, the spicy qualities have also been ratcheted down and made more linear, less "3D"; I suspect the famous clove note of the classic formula also had to be refomulated here, as the barky, non-sweet cinnamon is nearly as prominent now as the clove.

I am getting very little floralcy here, truth told, yet I am picking up on a salty Play-Doh heliotrope, girded with the French thyme "medicinal" or "Band-Aids" note that some describe. I'm not sure I'm getting any rose or lilac at all, and the result is, this formula smells considerably more masculine than ever, beginning to approach the brassy warmth of, say, KNIZE TEN. The pencil-ly cedar note is more discreet now, too.

The absence of oakmoss means that this formula is not quite as rounded, fungal, darkly sweetish and Art Deco-fusty as the old mixture used to be; it is also less "melancholy", as this perfume is so often famously described. Our forlorn geisha waiting for her British beau seems to have cheered up a bit, clambered up onto her tatami sandals and put on some Shiseido tangerine-colored lipstick.

And yet, I cannot melodramatically decree that MITSOUKO has been "ruined" here; the hand that has blended this is obviously expert and of the highest skill. This is still some fine, fine French perfume. In fact, some might say that this new EDP is more "wearable" than it ever was, more of a tous-les-jours candidate today, and not quite the distant and difficult "monument" she has always been. She might even be more "lovable" now (yet still removed from the sweet 'n' naughty hooker-with-a-heart that Rochas FEMME is). I cannot fault this *jus*, and she actually may find more modern lovers in this new guise.

Verdict: significantly tangier and juicier than earlier formulae; musky animalic notes more "present" now, though less urinaceous; very little perceptible floralcy and overall more masculine aura; less sweet and funky/fusty base.

Still gorgeous, bold, golden-glowing and compelling.

(UPDATE---->) Okay, now I'm getting the lilac. Surprisingly, it is not a head or heart note, but rather comes out to play in the late development of the EDP, after the spices have settled down! Mingled with an obvious iris, it smells both powdery, pastel purpley, and rubbery, like wet latex paint. Intriguing!
Peachy, musky and mossy. Maybe just a touch powdery and pissy. That is my thoughts. Not bad smelling or impossibly dated. Addictive and delightful. Classy and sophisticated. Complex. 
Adore this historic scent.  I just love this fragrance, and I make sure my wife always has a bottle!
Woman in the Dunes by Hiroshi Teshigahara 1964
Kobo Abe (novel)
Mitsouko (1919) is not just a great perfume, but also a very important one. Loved by generations and almost passed down like an heirloom from its fans to their children, Mitsouko is one of the most often-discussed classic Guerlains in existence, picking up the nickname "Mitzy" by it's admirers. I feel like a century after its creation, Mitsouko can only really be appreciated outside of these faithful fans for the history, context, and legacy it left behind for most rank and file people. Folks who enjoy perfume in the 21st century will have a difficult time understanding the appeal of Mitsouko, if only because it is of a style effectively extinct in mainstream or designer perfumery, and that style is of the chypre. Jicky (1889), L'Heure Bleue (1912), and the later Shalimar (1925) were all more or less in the fougère style, or semi-oriental fougère in the case of Shalimar, but Mitsouko was not part of Jacques Guerlain's usual "compound building" technique of basing perfumes on other perfumes, or building off of partial structures from past works, thus is unrelated to them or "Guerlinade". Instead, Mitsouko was a thoroughly new creation from the ground up, in an emerging style Jacques likely wanted to play with, and a style proving quite popular with women, becoming universally popular for much of the 20th century. It wasn't until the advent of aromachemicals that classic perfume genres declined in favor of cleaner and less-assertive compositions, with the restriction of substances upon which chypres were mostly based making chypres too difficult to create; the style had simply fallen from grace far enough to not make it worth the research anyway. In the meantime, the fruity-floral mannerisms and brisk cistus/oakmoss backbone of Mitsouko inspired countless perfumes to follow, and like most early 20th century feminine Guerlains, was also used extensively by male dandies, even being a favorite of esteemed actor Charlie Chaplin. The origins of the name "Mitsouko" is up to debate, but most sources point to it being derived from the name of the heroine in Claude Farrère's novel "La bataille (The Battle), set in Japan during the Russo-Japanese War, and telling of a secret affair between a British Navy Officer and one "Mitsouko," the wife of Fleet Admiral Baron Tõgõ Heihachirõ. As the story goes, both the officer and the Admiral went off to war together, and Mitsouko waited at home for the return of the survivor, with whom her romance would continue on. I think the association with this story alone managed to sell considerable units, since the Guerlain advertising was often hinted at it. 

The smell of Mitsouko is designed somewhat to be a compliment to the previous L'Huere Bleue, which is why they share the same bottle design. L'Heure Bleue is meant to symbolize waiting for love at the onset of night, while Mitsouko is meant to symbolize the returning of said love after a battle, representing something of a symbolic beginning and conclusion of a story arc. L'Heure Bleue is mostly a rich, powdery floral fougère, which comes on strong then fades into sweet warmth. Mitsouko is the equal opposite of this development, and represents a fragrance that literally reverse fades into view by being quiet in the opening, then gradually ratcheting up presence until the complex and sharp chypre base provides the climax. Mitsouko opens transparent, with light fruity top notes of peach, mandarin, bergamot, neroli, and lemon. The smell is so very familiar at the onset because most of us have encountered some of the women's perfumes ranging from drugstore to boutique perfumer that have attempted its emulation. The middle slowly materializes with rose, jasmine, ylang-ylang, and lilac, with a spicy clove note to sensually bind them all. By the time the base finally arrives, it's pretty difficult to tell notes apart, as the fruity floral top and middle collapse into a very complex and blended chypre base, with oakmoss and cistus labdanum being the only two really noticeable players outside some musk, amber, and sandalwood. Not quite Guerlinade, but still clearly over-engineered like most Jacques Guerlain pefumes. Some of the most cherished classics actually come across as hot takes on Mitsouko's finish in hindsight, so that deja vu comes back again for another round in my mind. Unlike whatever random Revlon or Coty everyone's Aunt Maude wore, Mitsouko has a certain refined air of a true sophisticate in its DNA, and doesn't reveal all sides of its structure in every single wear. Performance varies on concentration but more on that later. Mitsouko is not a casual fragrance, nor was ever meant to be, so wear it on special occasions where something as deeply textured or mysterious as Mitsouko feels warranted. Being perhaps one of the finest examples of a dead genre makes Mitsouko feel a tad more antiquated than some of its peers of the day, since Shalimar still remains in the public consciousness thanks to modern celebrity endorsement, plus the older turn-of-the-century Guerlains seem to more closely-resemble genres experiencing resurgence in modern prestige perfume. Mitsouko by contrast just sort of sits pretty with its hands in its lap as the darling precursor of the mid 20th century's favorite feminine style, which does more to make it an anachronism than the rest, but at least it isn't powered by aldehydes like Chanel No. 5 (1921).

I love chypres, but I also can't rightfully lead anyone to sample this without first making it clear that Mitsouko has weathered age the least-gracefully of all the classic Guerlains. Naturally, all moss was limited to ridiculously small levels by IFRA after 2011, and from 2006 to 2011, a blend of oakmoss and treemoss had to be used to reduce the amount of skin sensitizers naturally occurring in oakmoss by itself. This is why most classic chypres outside of the big sellers are discontinued, and the ones profitable enough to keep on the shelves in spite of themselves have been reformulated sometimes to the point of being unrecognizable by fans of the original releases. Contrary to that, a lot of research money has been dumped into the preservation of Mitsouko, with low-atranol "fractured" versions of oakmoss using molecular chemistry being substituted by Guerlain house perfumer Thierry Wasser for the natural stuff. It's this same reconstituted oakmoss that also exists in modern Habit Rouge (1965), and  makes Guerain chypres a far better sight and more authentic than most other chypre survivors in modern times, but still markedly different from vintage since oakmoss is such a linchpin to the chypre accord itself. Other Guerlains from the era like L'Heure Bleue or Shalimar rely more on powdery vanillic tonka bases or oriental elements, so they have survived in forms much closer to their original state than Mitsouko. Regardless of whether one seeks vintage or not, Mitsouko is still a large perfume by modern standards, so only fans of slow unfurling dry downs should seek it, with old colognes being brighter, current eau de toilettes having a more floral character, and parfum extrait having the deepest base presence/longest wear. I really like Mitsouko, and even if it's among the harder classic Guerlains for a man to pull off, I'd still flaunt it like I just don't care (because I don't), however I also cannot in good conscience call this unisex. Classic chypre fans consider Mitsouko one of several holy grails for good reason, but for everyone else, it is more of a historical journey than a practical perfume, answering the question of why "Mom's old Avon" smells the way it does. Well, now we have our answer: it wanted to be Mitsouko. Since 1919, a lot perfumes have wanted to be Mitsouko, even future Guerlain ones. Everyone just wanted to be Mitsouko, but there can only ever be one Mitsouko, and she still patiently waits for us to return home from our battles, so she can give us her love. Thumbs up!
Now and then I’m down in the dumps, worried about the sad state of the world.  Whenever that happens, Mitsouko is a perfect antidote.  Art, history, culture, timeless style — all perfectly represented here. Just one or two sprays, and it’s like the feeling I get in fine art museums.  You know you’re in the presence of genius.  As with all fine arts, it’s likely to take some time to really figure out and “get” Mitsouko.  Keep trying, it’s very much worth the effort.  Highest recommendation. 
Mitsouko is made with superb ingredients and smells very sophisticated.

I associate this smell with cigars and pipe tobacco. No need to be scared with it being peachy and feminine.
It’s not bad, but I feel bad for not liking it. The opening with bergamot is interesting, just like Shalimar. Then it’s a bit dull... 

OK, OK. After reading your reviews, I guess I'll have to try it again. 

The vintage Parfum miniature I have (from the 90’s) is way more interesting and make this review go from a “meh” neutral to positive. The bergamot is less present and goes towards a beautiful floral mix. Very potent. 
Say my name !!!! Mitsouko !
Wonderful !I like edt ,edp not good smell.
What wondrous story
Making past seem like present
Stirs in your bottle?
I bought this blindly and the Eau de Toilette came in the mail a few days ago. 

When I opened the gold box and took the elegant bottle out I was excited. 

Then I sprayed it on me. It instantly reminded me of my late Aunt Serena who lived from 1921-2011.  Which was both good and bad.

This scent is unlike anything I've ever liked. My first impression was that I hated it. My preferences are for notes such as opoponox, sandalwood, cedar, cypress, and bergamot. My favorite scents are Chanel Bois des Iles, Diptypque Tam Dao, Tom Ford Noir and Gucci II. I took a "risk" by purchasing Mitsouko.

The problem with me, personally, is that I was convinced this smelled like my late Aunt Serena. I loved her, but I did not want to smell like her. So I contacted her son and asked him if his mother ever wore Mitsouko.

His answer was related to something that will not sound at all politically correct but it is the truth.  

Aunt Serena was married to Uncle Luke,  who served in the US Army Infantry during WWII. He fought in the most brutal battles in the Pacific, both on Leyte Island and Okinawa against Japanese forces. He saw the worst of war. He hated the enemy.

So according to Serena and Luke's son Tom, his mom would NEVER wear any perfume that sounded Japanese. My apologies for having to communicate something which sounds prejudiced to modern ears. Yes it is, but it must be understood in connection to those who experienced WWII. There are still some old people who won't drive German cars, or people in China who cannot forgive Japan, or Japanese who cannot forgive the atomic bombs. We must all repair our bonds but we also must try and see how historic hates metastasized into wars. 

So now I know my Aunt Serena never wore Mitsouko. And after learning of this, I reapplied the scent, forgot the association, and found that Mitsouko needs time to appreciate. 

It is frankly old-fashioned, reminding me of opening up an old box of newspapers in an attic, smelling the inside of piano, entering an old house where a woman just dusted herself with powder and went into the kitchen and sliced up a peach.

The scent sticks and sticks and will not go away. It dries down into something perceptible and ruminative. It makes me think of the piano score from the Anastasia (1958) written by Alfred Newman and starring Ingrid Bergman.
I read another fragrantica review about Guerlains, which propose an explaination why this truly legendary brand not as popular as it was: they're not those over-the-counter 5-minutes-fame perfumes, they're mean to be take-home and appreciated in a longer time frame. Most people don't have the patience now.

Now that I've experienced mitsouko, I can't agree more with this review.

First time I tried mitsouko at counter, the sales person burst into laugh when they saw the grimace I made: the opening is a bit off-putting. It has a rather medicinal note which appears in a lot of old Guerlains, and I still don't know what caused it. I also get that inky/wet oakmoss tone on top. The rest of it is soft-fresh spice smell, not sweet, not warm, not harsh.

I just let it sit on my arms and went home, planning to scrub it off as soon as I can. By one accident sniff I was captured: it turns into something divine. The only note I can pick out is peach, not in a realistic way——frankly speaking, a lot of realistic peach only make me feel they tried too hard——but rather...lazy and comforting, not unlike a beauty lies blithely on the bed of aforementioned spicy accords, as if she did not know how charming she is. 

So Guerlain teachs me a lesson: never judge a perfume by its opening, especially old classics like mitsouko.


Each evening, come rain or shine, I run with my whippet through the enormous walnut orchards by my house, as the sun slowly sets. During the fall (my favorite season), the walnuts ripen and finally shed their skins, and the fruit drops to the ground. The skins, the shells, the still-warm earth, and the fading leaves on the trees--all of this is closely reincarnated in Mitsouko. The perfume's dark, velvety oak moss and its walnut-skin bite of piquant green create in me an almost melancholic introspection that suits my artistic nature down to a T. It's autumnal tone and notes that mimic moist, rain-soaked dirt speak to me in the same way that black and white films and photographs do. Its beauty is an aching, longing kind that will never be totally fulfilled, and it is all the more lovely because of this. Somehow Mitsouko seems to find the commonalities between the human body and the natural world, all the while speaking to a deep, nameless emotion that those who have lived long enough, share. 

-Review for the vintage PdT
I bought Mitsouko perfume bottles 15ml.& 7ml. This is classic and very beautiful smell. Perfume had flower,wood smell but Eau de Toilette had green smell sharply. I don't like EdT. 
This one I like, depending on my mood.  To me it is a woody, slightly spicy, floral.  No one note stands out.  They are all blended together.  It is a somewhat monotone fragrance.  

I have learned to love this.  Perhaps it is all the sampling of other perfumes, since purchasing this one, that I have come to appreciate its beauty.
This one crept up on me. I got myself a 2 ml sample of the EdT because I wanted to explore some of the classic Guerlain fragrances. I did not expect to really love it, but it did sound interesting, and I thought it might help me understand what a chypre smells like.

On the first try I did not even know whether I liked it or not. Compared to most of my (rather Chanel heavy) fragrance collection, this one smelled a little odd, a bit difficult, slightly off even. It did, however, smell interesting, not generic, and certainly not boring, and somehow I kept going back to that sample to try some more.

It took me a few wears to distinguish and label the different notes I smelled. I definitely get peach. It's not a bright and sunny peach, but more of a mysterious dark peach. I also get a little of the jasmine and some subtle woods in the base, but neither of these notes are the star of the show. 

The real defining note for me is what I've been lovingly calling the Guerlain funk. In the case of Mitsouko, it's a stale-flower-vase-water funk; vegetal, fuzzy and cool. It gives this fragrance a deep dark, murky green feel. This might sound unattractive, but it isn't. Combined with the dark gold sparkle of the peach, it transports me to a shadowy pond in a enchanted forest, where frogs just may transform into princes. 

And by the time I used the last of my 2 ml sample I felt sad that I would now be without this fragrance, so I bought a full bottle.

I have the sneaking suspicion that I'll continue to like this more the more  I wear it.


This review is for the 2014 EDT, which is reputed to be among Guerlain's better reformulations. I also have a 2015 EDP, and can't recommend that one - it has a sour note, and might have been among the batch issued prior to Guerlain's 2015 Mitsouko and L'Heure Bleue production halt due to a problem with one of their shared ingredients (that issue was resolved, and production resumed in 2016). The 2015 suspension involved only the EDP and parfum extrait concentrations of those fragrances - not the EDT.

Mitsouko EDT, while of course lighter and thinner than the parfum, is true to its heritage and actually smells more like my vintage juice than the 2015 EDP (referenced above). The EDT is fresh, crisp and well delineated, and it even has a little of the bite we associate with oakmoss (though modern Mitsouko contains only a fractionated version of that restricted ingredient). So I agree with those who say that 2014 was a very good year for Mitsouko EDT.  
It's bright and sunny. I smell peach and ginger and mace and honey. Even so, I would keep it for spring and summer. It's got a little spice to it as it opens up, and while I wouldn't call this a night scent /for me/, I tend to wear masculine perfumes at night, so this might be deep enough for someone who prefers florals in the daytime. 
Mitsouko edt is a fun, interesting fragrance, reminiscent of a leather handbag filled with lotions and other secrets, with some bright fruit and sweet flowers, peach and jasmine, I gather.
Unbelievably multi-faceted and ever-evolving during the course of a single wearing, and different to my nose every day I wear it. It seems like everything affects it, and tilts it one way or another along a burnished gold spectrum: the temperature outside, the time of year, my mood, the alignment of the planets, what I had for lunch :). Even though some days it's not for me, it is simply without peer and worthy of its pedestal. A treasure.
Purchased for my wife based on Basenotes reviews and popularity.  I own several Guerlain fragrances and always have found the house's scents very well done in a quite traditional sense.

What struck me as odd about Mitsouko is that it didn't seem dated at all but in fact, a very modern fruity chypre.  The peach and jasmine middle notes are prominent, supported by a mossy wood base.  Sweet, but not sickly.  Although not listed, there's a touch of white floral, to keep it feminine.  Good longevity and average sillage.  Seems to be a better fall to spring scent.  Wife likes it.

Thumbs Up for me as well.
I've tried this on a few occasions now, as all Guerlains require me to before reviewing! Well, this is an interesting one.  It takes confidence for a man to wear it, but once you feel confident, it's an amazing experience and nobody would ever think you were wearing a "Women's" fragrance.  Right at the start it's slightly fruity but in my opinion it's "dry", not juicy. That dryness allows it to be firmly unisex where just a bit more juice would have leaned feminine.  There's some citrus and spice lurking in the background but it's never very strong on me.

The middle is also immediately evident, you don't really need to wait for the top to fade.  The middle is moss and rose, plus just a bit of a peach-fuzz-like effect.  Also the moss here doesn't smell like the oakmoss we're all used to, at least not to me, and it smells nothing like the little vial of true oakmoss I have either.  It smells recognizably like standard green moss that you might have smelled as a child.  There's some vetiver somewhere in the mix too but it isn't grassy, it's earthy.  There are some woods in there as well but I can't quite pinpoint exactly what kinds of woods they are.  They're soft and don't smell generic or synthetic.  If this all makes it sound like a scent influenced by unusual outdoors-evoking smells, that's because it is.  Slightly sweet but earthy and rich, and shame unto anyone who says that description doesn't sound masculine, or at least unisex.

Things get softer toward the end but that's really it with this fragrance.  The only thing that made me question wearing this out in public was that rose note.  Upon further thought, however, I decided rose is very common in oud scents and incense fragrances that men wear.  If it's OK to mix with a peppery wood and smokey incense, why not earthy vetiver and moss? One more thing that really solidified my confidence in the fragrance's unisex quality was its reference in Habit Rouge EDP.  There are some parts in the middle of Habit Rouge EDP that are, at least in my opinion, a firm nod in Mitsouko's direction.  When I close my eyes and smell my wrist while wearing this, "feminine" doesn't even come to mind.  So relax, men, this is more masculine than original Habit Rouge and Habit Rouge EDP.  I think it's significantly more masculine than Dior Homme.  This is certainly more masculine than Shalimar, which many men wear.  Plus it's an amazing composition that we deserve to enjoy too!  Big thumbs-up from me.

Salutation.
MITSOUKO is one of the best NIGHT scents.A heavenly feminine elegant scent that evokes wonderful memories as it is a unique part of your personality.It have a timeless appeal which transcends time.Mysterious,Classy,Warm,Heavy, Exquisite,Classic,Generous,Traditional and Unforgettable.

It has Floral-Fruity top notes that reveal Citruses,Peach with a soft spicy touch these lead to the Warm and Mossy base notes ruled by Amber,Okamoss and Vetiver as it has a lot of hidden undertones that seems to come out at different times of Night.It smell makes precious effluvium and transport it to Everyone.

It is strong but not overpowering or obnoxious.Regardless MISSOUKO is a must try,this classic scents possess a charisma that nowaday perfumes are lack it.no doubt it appropriate for COLD EVENINGS and i recommend it to a High Class and Dignified Lady in SPECIAL occasions.Heaven in a Bottle.

Sillage?Great.

Longevity?Magnificent on my skin.

8/10

This perfume has a little something in it for everyone. Herbal? Check. Gourmand? Check. Sweet - but not overly so? Check. Sexy? Major check. The base notes come out early, rounding out the middle notes into a robust, sexy scent, that dries down into something more somber and thoughtful. Quite an amazing journey. Plus, I do love a good peach scent... If you like Bond No 9 Chinatown, this will be up your alley. 
Edt Version. A smooth yet bitter chypre with a surging moss note that seems to rise up from the center of the composition.

Mitsouko is pretty great. It highlights the complexity of Guerlain’s compositions, managing to form a wall-of-scent effect but without clobbering you in the process. It's the ideal merger of florals, citrus, spices, and moss with the latter two items sitting in the front seat. To me, it’s a smoldering kind of perfume that seems to move away from the pyramid structure we’re familiar with to create instead the impression of a primary green core with the secondary notes rippling out in concentric waves.

As it settles, it takes on more of a wood/grass kind of a role but with a prominent peach poking through. The spices play a more focused role here as well, with cinnamon and something that smells a little like clove creeping into the mix. It never turns full gourmand, but it does seem savory and edible at moments. Ultimately, it’s a great chypre with a warm, comfortable edge to it despite its brisk opening.
This was my first Guerlain purchase, when after reading much about the brand's history and creations, I rocked up at my local department store, determined that I had to find one to suit me. The sales girl told me that I was definitely a Shalimar girl, then sprayed me with it, and Mitsouko, and left me to think about it. Half an hour later, I was back, hooked on the latter, whatever anyone said.
For me, it was not so much the fruity peach-skin note that did it, instead I was taken by the combination of oakmoss and spices (I sniffed cinnamon in particular), which reminded me of Christmas, perhaps in a wintry, foresty setting. It has a richness and warmth that speaks of drama and history, of people with stories to tell doing interesting things. But it is not just a plush, expensive perfume - the oakmoss, for me, sets it apart and makes it that little bit different.
I have to admit, though, it is exclusively a cool-weather fragrance, and works particularly well on grey overcast days.
Okay I've taken the plunge. The citrus is pretty obvious and so is the rose (which is similar to the rose on Habit Rouge EDT but stronger). Pretty quickly the middle notes approach with a nice blending of all those notes. The peach gives the floral a slight gourmand reaction. I found it to be pretty quiet in the first couple of minutes but now it keeps drumming on in a good clip with three sprays on my wrist. The florals give it a slightly "fresh bread" smell and the peach/oakmoss combination seems like the core of the scent. It all blends very well. I don't see this particularly being too feminine and I would recommend it to those who like, gourmands, rose scents, citrus and oakmoss. I think this could be suitable anytime of year but personally there is something cosy about it in regards to the spices and would be even better in the winter. The spices really move the scent forward. It doesn't scream of headache inducing florals but stays close to the skin and is very tasteful. It may seem stronger if you sit in one place collecting wafts of the scent. The true beauty appears in the drydown where the spices meet the woods. 
"I've lost too many to be happy..."

What is the scent of melancholy? This bizarre child of some post-war Europe is staring at you with its beautiful slanted eyes and smiles wistfully. Noone is certain how it was baptized with that delicate and mellifluous name anymore. A name that steps in two different worlds. The one of mystery and the one of the morning light. A name that involves a British officer, a Japanese Fleet Admiral, a heart split in twain, a French writer and member of Académie française, an Austrian diplomat, the daughter of a Tokyo antique seller tycoon, and a small part of the world called Hellas... The journey begins...
In 1909, Claude Farrère wrote a novel under the title "La Bataille". It was about the forbidden love between the wife of Heihachiro Togo or Marquess Yorisaka and the naval liaison Commander Herbert Fergan. When both of them headed for the Battle of Tsushima she promised that she would spent the rest of her life with whoever would come back alive. Noone did... Love and duty were drown in the Korea Strait, leaving her a lonesome widow. Her name was Mitsouko...
On May 16th in 1892, Heinrich von Coudenhove-Kalergi, descendant of a Byzantine family, married the tiny daughter of Aoyama family despite both families' opposition to that act. A few years later they moved to Europe. She never saw her country again... The had seven children. One of them, Richard Nikolaus Graf von Coudenhove-Kalergi, was one of the pioneers in the idea of a United Europe. This remarkable woman managed to learn French, German, Geography, History, Law and Economics in order to stand her ground in her new country. Her name was Mitsuko...
According to the fascinating stories which are many times woven about the christening of a fragrange, one of these two women gave her name to the myth. A name which, in its language of origin, means "Child of Light" and not "Mystery" as Jacques Guerlain would like us to believe. As for the "o" that turned it into "Mitsouko", it is simply the French pronunciation of the Japanese phoneme. But alas, although the name points to something cheerful, the perfume itself is one of the most melancholic scents I have ever sensed... Aloof, like the locked heart of a maiden who waits her dearest to return from a lengthy, perilous trip to some far-flung corner of the Earth... Want-clad, like the sad remains of a forlorn love, lost in the paths of time... A scent of unfulfilled promises and enslaved desires... There is an old Cretan folk song that says:

Everyone asks me "Why crying?".
But who do I annoy?
I came unwanted in this world
to make your hearts my toy...

I thik that it fits perfectly... Mitsouko is not the loud expression of a grief asking to be the centre of attention. It is the wise and silent agony for a world long gone. A certain story has it that L'Heure Bleue marked the beginning of World War One and Mitsouko its end. Like the symbols of a parenthesis that the world was hoping never to endure again. Mitsouko, despite closing this catastrophic parenthesis, is not an optimistic scent. Maybe because while looking back it saw the towering woes and looking frontwards saw the next war coming...
I do not know if you have ever had a feeling like this, but Mitsouko makes me yearn of someone I never met... It brings me memories of things I never lived...
I see a woman dressed in a mofuku kimono. Every dawn she walks with light steps to the wooden balcony of her house in Shirahama. There, she stands wreathed in morning dew and gazes the vast ocean...
I see Sergei Diaghilev, founder of the renowned Ballets Russes, to remind the stage workers not to forget to douse the tabs in Mitsouko, for the scent to fill the sybaritic hall of Theatre de Champs Elysees, every time the coryphées enter the stage...
I see the luminous Art Deco main hall of the "Normandie" where the passengers are swirling blithely to the tunes of the orchestra, while the magnificent ship floats her way on the frigid Atlantic...
I see Charlie Chaplin sitting ostracized and brooding in the lounge of Manoir de Ban, over Lake Geneva, staring without seeing at the bleak sky. Ostracized from a country which, a few years ago, worshipped him. And brooding... He who made everyone laugh... Everything around him reeks with Mitsouko, his favourite scent...
I see the audience in a live club located in Aix en Provence in the late 80's, pulsing with the sounds of a strange mixture of punk, rock, synth pop and jazz which the band on stage hands out generously. The name of the band is Les Rita Mitsouko...
And finally, I see a penniless painter in a musty attic in Paris during the Années Folles. He stands mesmerized by the window, trying to descry in the crowd his model who has just left. The lingering scent of Mitsouko caresses fondly the unfinished painting. The very same painting to which he confesses his love every night. The love he feels for her but never dared to speak out loud. Mitsouko solaces him and promises that it shall be with him as a reminder of her, untill the next time they meet...
I humbly apologize and ask for your understanding if this review is way too lengthy and borderline "delirium" but how many words are enough to describe a mythos?...
Genre: Chypre

How, in the course of reviewing close to 800 fragrances, have I managed not to write about  Mitsouko? To answer with a question, what more could I say about it that hasn’t been said already? Nobody needs to read more analysis of its structure, more rapturous praise, more speculation on gender-appropriateness, or more nit-picking over the various concentrations (I like the parfum) and reformulations (the latest is brighter, thinner, and more obviously fruity, but still recognizable). Mitsouko is a monument in the history of perfumery. You may or may not like it, but if you care about fragrance you should wear it at leas once.

I was a fun, no it is not correct: I was in love with Heritage, de Gueralin, amd indeed the parfum version was my signature. Nowdays, it seems that the eau de toilette has been reformulated, loosing its body, while eau de parfum, is missing.
Since I am in love with Guerlain house, for imstamce eau du coq, eau de guerlain, etc. I come to test Mitsouko.
Here you go: I am a man, amd now Mitsouko, the eau de parfum, is my new signature.
A fantistc chypree, light but present, as intermal flame that show you the way.
I do not care of marketing, to me fragrances are comimg without sex.
This is a masterpice of perfumery.
The utilization of peach in combination with mossy undertones is simply genial!
Mitsouko is by far the most fascinating, and at times frustrating, perfume in my collection. I have a complicated relationship with her. How I feel about Mitsouko depends very much on what she decides to show of herself to me on any given day. Some days, she is cold and reserved, and whatever glimpse of peaches I get is more like a pan of hard, unripe fruit being simmered in formaldehyde in a far off room than the ripe, juicy fruit of which others speak. Oh but when she decides to relent! There is nothing better than Mitsouko when she is in a good mood. Slowly, she will drop her standoffish reserve and part her musty curtains to reveal a bed of spiced peaches on a dark, mossy bed – this Mitsouko is playful and mysterious.

I am working on a theory that you can break Mitsouko a little, or at least try to bend her to your will by placing her in situations where she is forced to come out of her shell. I discovered this when I spritzed it on one day in Spring this year before going for a long, six hour walk through the city with my husband, young son, baby daughter and my mum. By the end of the day, Mitsouko had taken on this salty, outdoorsy, herbal aspect that merged with the faint sweat on my skin. It was if both Mitsouko and I had finally learned to stop pacing edgily around each other and just chill out a bit.

Part of my frustration is her unpredictability. I can never know which one of her Janus faces she will show me on any given day. I own Mitsouko in many different concentrations and vintages: the 2013 EDP, a 1970’s EDT, a 1960’s EDT (onion bottle), the modern pure perfume, and lastly, a 1970’s spray deodorant. Each one of them smells, and behaves, slightly different on my skin, and none of them are consistent in what they reveal to me of their character. For example, today, to write this , I sprayed the 1970’s EDT – a version with real oakmoss listed on the back of the bottle – on the back of one arm. It is usually the friendliest version of them all, for me. But today, its opening was rather severe and unforgiving.

Two hours in, however, and I get a surprise! For the first time in my relationship with Mitsouko, she is giving me a glimpse of her spiced floral mid-section, the rose, ylang, and jasmine that when combined with the peach and moss, manage to smell like freshly proved bread dough. It’s delicious. I am not sure how long this little détente will last, so I am holding my breath, hoping not to alert her to my presence. If it is not clear by now, then I will say it openly: Mitsouko is not a perfume you own. She owns you. As for me, she’s grabbed me by the short and curlies, if not my heart strings, and doesn’t seem like she’s letting go anytime soon.
Queen of Chypres

There isn't much more to add to what has been said. We know it's significance. It has it's place in history of perfume, it's been called the best of all time etc...

It's Oakmoss and Peach and rose and many other things, it's like a secluded garden in a forest full of flowers, with the smell of rain still in the air. Jacques Guerlain wanted to evoke with this "the smell of a woman's skin". I understand what he was trying to do.

I also don't see how anyone would not like this. It's floral, fruity, but so deep and earthly and rich and very hard to describe. I find it very unique. A wonderful mossy, beautiful fragrance, and a wonderful experience to smell. I really think everyone should try this. I don't think "old lady" or other labels. It really doesn't smell like much else and it was the inspiration (like Jicky and Shalimar), for not just many other classics, but also much of what we have today in the world of perfume.

I think this should be preserved forever as something really special. It has no gender, time or place. It should stand as something for all and everyone, and for all time. Real art in a bottle. Wonderful stuff!
Splendid, invigorating, evocative, balsamic, flower, baroque.. a celestial symphony. One of the best fragrances ever made – easily in the top three at least. And speaking as a man, one of the fragrances I enjoy wearing the most. As far as I know, it's also one of the few scents that have not been "mutilated" with bad reformulations... the EDP is still pretty good.

10/10 
I purchased Mitsouko EDP recently, and have tried wearing it just twice.  Although I do not dislike this fragrance I could not understand the raves I've read about it.  It is a little too sweet for me. 

Today I tried a sample of vintage Mitsouko pure parfum.  What a difference.  I love it.  It is so much smoother it's like drinking a great champagne vs. a cheap one.  I know that's not a great analogy, but is the best I can do right now.  I only wish this could be made by the vintage formula, of course I've wished that for Joy also ( and a few others, LOL).
before i tried vintage PDT i could not appreciate this scent enough,

for me this is beautiful galbanum note, spicy, strong , vibrant....an amazing experience yes ,i love how Bal a Versailes put it. Oak moss is not that green here, but gives feel of something aromatic and natural behind, that takes breath away!

when i smell it from the distance i get old lady vibe , when i put my nose closer to the skin its soo gorgeous, one has to get used to it, becasue modern perfumes just lost it, from that old lady vibe i think there must be some animalic notes too

EDT version is much sharper, in a masculin kind of way, the differenc is huge to my nose, its more mossy, less spicy, and less beauty for me


The most beautiful smell in the world. I know they  say do not mix your fragrances but I wear this with vintage rochas femme, the two together smell sublime, try it you wont be disappointed.
The beauty of this fragrance is obvious in many parts: after the bright and fruity citrus-neroli opening arises the balanced flowery jasmine and rose, counterbalanced by the bergamot, and all enveloped in a creamy of lilac, jasmine and ylang-ylang note that bears the hallmark of a classic.  The clove is providing a slightly spicy counterbalance and is accompanied by a gently powdery element. 

The base contributes a cluster of cistus, touches of ambergris, lots of benzoin and some musky aroma in the background.  

A soft and gentle patchouli is given added with by a restrained oakmoss with hints of black peppers.   Herbal-wooodsy vibes appear towards the end, with myrrh and some sandalwood standing out here.  

Recalling an older formulation, however, a lot of the richness and luxuriant intensity has gone; it has become leaner, more "modern" and a bit duller. Whilst the Louis Vuitton version veers towards the neutral overall, the total score over the years remains a thumbs-up for this classic. Projection is average, but even the new version lasts five hours on me.  Great for spring evenings.  3.5/5. 

this is only for the  sexy and kinky type of guys, you wanna be dusky and sexy? this is for you obscure lovers out therer!
MItsouko is not a fragrance but an experience. This is mine. Take an eight week old baby from it's crib at 4 pm. It's bathtime. Droplets of breast milk have run down into the creases of his neck where they smell interesting but not offensive. The soft scent of cotton wafts up from baby's skin and there is just the faintest trace of fudgy excrement on his bottom, mixed with the protective barrier cream, Amolin, I think, slightly almond. the kernel of the peach.  His wispy hair smells divine and he burps a tiny hiccup of gripe water and you recognise the dill and fennel. In spite of the active biology of his skin you desperately love and desire what is so unique and you know that in minutes he will smell of sudsy baby soap and talcum powder. 
Mitsouko in repose, after the initial burst has gone, smells of love, breath, breast, sleep, innocence and desire, milk, cotton, fennel, almond and urea. 
This review is for the modern extrait;

The opening is very retro in feel, with an underlying creaminess that quickly becomes more prominent, & sweeter, almost cloying. After an hour though, it is softer & mossier. And although l don't really get the peach note, l do get the "fuzzy peach skin" vibe others have mentioned. Three hours in, l get salty oakmoss along with an ambery sweetness, & the whole thing is still traceable after seven hours on my skin.
l didn't expect to love Mitsouko, although of course l respect her classic pedigree. l can imagine growing to like her a lot after a few more wearings though, especially having read that she tends to show different facets of her character at different times. She isn't bitter & green on my skin as l have found other chypres to be, but l think it's the addition of galbanum that usually causes this. Mitsouko is prettier & much less "dark & mysterious" than l expected, in fact she is surprisingly easy to wear, & makes me feel very put-together, grown-up & in control.
My favorite of all time, owning 3 bottles.

A must try for every Perfumista.

This is simply became an Icon in the perfumes world.

This is probably the only bergamot scent i encountered which

in the opening you are not hit with bergamot ( contrary to aqua di parma)

which surprised me, in other words, perfectly blended
I still have a lot to learn about chypres, so it made perfect sense to try one of the world's most famous chypres, Mitsouko.

'Perfumes: The Guide' uses Mitsouko as their chypre reference, hailing it as one of Guerlain's best masterpieces. I'm young, not really a big fan of chypres, however I do agree wholeheartedly on that definition.

Mitsouko is warm, slighty spicy, mossy, citrusy and dry. This fragrance tends to be so complex that it is difficult to pinpoint any particular note at any given time.

While this fragrance may be classic and extremely well-known, there is a sense of timelessness in this fragrance. It doesn't age as it makes an easy transition into a new century.

The classic Guerlain's continue to amaze me. Mitsouko is just as worthy of praise as those very distinguished Shalimar and L'Heure Bleue bottles. It is a pity that Guerlain now produces fragrances that don't live up to its renowned name.

While mostly green, crisp and earthy to my nose, (a scent that I'd also recommend to men), I feel a sense of velvety softness, something that settles on my skin like a harmony of silky florals and creamy goodness. This contradictory experience both confuses me and allures me at the same time.

Perhaps the reason why this fragrance is such a masterpiece is because it can evoke so many different feelings and opinions. Mitsouko is not something I can imagine myself wearing, however it is something that I could have the desire to smell every few seconds if I had the opportunity.
Mitsouko’s most charming quality is that it suggests an aging face.  Remember back in the day when people aged visibly?  Qualities like patience, endurance, maybe even wisdom suggested that there was a reward to having come out on the other side of youth and middle-age.  Of having gained something.  There is something deserving, and in the best cases, generous to be found in an old face.  Something implicitly handsome and attractive.  

Perhaps for worse, but, with hope, for the better, I’m aging.  Mitsouko suits me more as time passes.  I imagine there’s the lucky young person who can wear Mitsouko with aplomb, but I like to hope that wearing Mitsouko with that powerful grace of age is one of the better things in life that awaits me.

from scenthurdle.com
My favourite Guerlain scent. Reading these reviews reminds me I should replenish my wardrobe and buy more
The first time I smelt Mitsouko I was so excited.  I'd read Luca Turin going on about it and was expecting some sort of divine revelation.

I went into a department store and smelt some on a smelling strip.  My first reaction was - Wax Crayons?

However, I'd been told that you needed to try this on your skin and keep going back to it (I've also learnt that the first time I smell something complex my brain defaults to a smell it already knows).

So I kept on trying but it still wasn't opening up for me.  Then on the seventh(!) try, I'd sprayed it on and had gone into another shop (I still remember it vividly).  Suddenly it opened up around me.  It felt like I was at the centre of a 3D scent mandala whose constituents were constantly shifting and revolving around me.  I was totally lost in the enchantment of it.

Ah Mitsouko, what are you?  Hyper-synthetic peach layered with  rich florals, or bright citrus with deep dank moss?   Sometimes you feel like a misty morning, others like a bright clean summer's day,  or musty dark green undergrowth in the rain, or a candy violet treat, or.........    Whatever you are smelling like though you really hit the sweet spot in my brain and smell just darn GOOD!

Mitsouko's genius, I believe, lies (like the language of Shakespeare) in indeterminacy.  By remaining complex and open, generations of people are able to project their own interpretations into its structure.  True Art.

It wasn't quite divine but I definitely got my revelation! 
  I've actually changed my mind about this fragrance. The first time I wore it I thought I didn't like it, probably because it comes on very strong when I first apply it. However, I gave it another chance today and I actually like it a lot more! I think how I feel about a fragrance can vary a lot depending on my mood. Also, Mitsouko is very different from most modern fragrances so I think I just wasn't prepared for the way it smells. Today, I've been wearing it for a few hours and I find I really enjoy the way Mitsouko smells when it dries down. When I first apply it I mostly smell the dry woody and green notes a lot, but dried down it smells like exotic spices on me and I find that I want to keep smelling it! I don't think it's a fragrance I could wear every day but it's definitely a really nice sexy evening scent! I actually do recommend this one to everyone who likes chypre and spicy exotic fragrances. 

What to say about Mitsouko? Her reputation proceeds her. Even the name is mysterious. I blind bought this after reading many many intriguing reviews and anecdotes...I knew my collection wouldn't be complete without it. But, I was relieved and surprised to find that I also am able to wear Mitsouko. The overall feeling is classic, if old-fashioned, and well rounded , with a spicy cinnamon note in the base, middle notes including a familair jasmine/rose accord, as well as that well-blended peach note. I can't help but continue to to analyze this fragrance when I wear it. I love this fragrance for taking me on a trip back from 1919 up until today. If you have any interest in chypres, you must sample this one. But forewarned is forearmed, this bears little resemblance to most modern fragrances so if you get freaked out by the idea of "an old lady scent" do not blind-buy. Sample and enjoy!
Mitsouko has become my perfume in a way that no other perfume has before.   I adore it.   This is the one which fetches the most compliments too.   It works as an everyday perfume for me in the climate of The Netherlands.

I use the EDP.  Mitsouko is the only perfume in my collection that I desire to have in the perfume formulation and I can hardly wait to find a bottle.

I can only imagine what a masterpiece the original formulation must have been.   


Ah, Mitsouko, nothing really compares with it.  My mother was a Guerlain devotee.  Her favorite scents were Vol de Nuit and L'Heure Bleue.  I love them too.  But these were my mother's perfumes. I wanted my own signature scent.  When I took my first sniff of Mitsouko, it was true love.  Yes, it may be a tad old fashioned compared to more modern fresh and transparent scents - but that is probably one of my favorite things about Mitsouko.  It has a depth that feels mysterious( and actually "mitsouko" means mystery in japanese). Mitsouko is a truly beautiful classic fragrance and if you haven't tried it please do. It's a must for every perfumista!
Vintage Eau de Cologne

Mitsouko opens with a blast of peach, bergamot, rose, and spices with a weird lettuce-esque smell underneath it all.  Once it settles down after a few seconds, a fuzzy peach, some peppery spicy notes, and a faint hint of indolic jasmine over a woody oakmoss base are what I smell.  After about half an hour, the peach fades away gradually and the spices, woods, indolic notes, and oakmoss remain, slowly but surely.  It has a very full, "plush" feel to it.  This stage lasts for hours, a surprise for an Eau de Cologne.  It is also at this point that I am somewhat reminded of Patou Pour Homme (also in the opening with the peppery notes), but quite faintly.

Mitsouko is a fragrant masterpiece, and now in my top 5.  It truly is beyond gender, and just smells freakin' delish.  It's not the kind of fragrance you would have to adapt to - it will adapt to you, and you can make it YOUR fragrance.  Beyond gender, beyond season, beyond age, beyond time, and beyond great.
The first time I tried this, I didn't like it, thought it too old smelling and quite harsh on the nose. I tried it again a few weeks ago and have completely changed my mind. In a time when little girly pink bottles and scents seem to dominate, this is refreshingly enduring and not nauseatingly pink and flowery. I wore it to a cousin's wedding last weekend and was impressed at it's ability to take a subltle backstage to my outfit while remaining original and totally in a league of its own with regard to its almost mystical scent. Mitsouko to me smells timeless, speaks of seductive nights in a time and city long ago with strangers, of black lace, darkly painted fingernails and illicit liasons. Haunting and enduring, mmm...
(Review Edp 2010)


I was prepared to smell something unique, or feel something that I've never felt before, because everybody talks about Mitsouko and It's Magic.

When I first opened the bottle and took a sniff, I had a rare experience when this reminds me in a big way of Rochas 'Femme'. I know Mitsouko and Femme are in the same group of Chipre Fruity Fragrance, but i feel a little disappointed, because I didn't expect both scents were so closely related.

But there's a difference, because Femme smell more like Woody and leathery, and Mitsouko is much less aggressive, and there is certainly a strong presence of jazmin and Rose notes, accompanied by spices. So I feel Mitsouko is more easy to wear than Femme.

When this fragrance slowly start to fade (after 8 hours), i smelt another surprise, my nose Began to detect some similarities between Mitsouko and Miss Dior (vintage)(another Chypre Legend). So I came to the conclusion that Mitsouko should be considered as one of the most imitated perfume of its generation.


Anyway this fragrance is Still the Best Chypre in the world. It has great sillage, strength, and longevity
Mitsouko is one of those rare icons of fragrance that has stood the test of time and represents the art of fragrance at its best. I have never been as moved by a fragrance as by Mitsouko, which is, and ever shall be my signature fragrance. Equally wearable by men and women, it was the favorite fragrance of Ingrid Bergman and Charlie Chaplin as well as many others. I leave the description of the fragrance notes to those who done such a fine job here on Basenotes and highly recommend that you experience this marvelous fragrance. Two thumbs up for one of the greatest fragrances ever conceived by man. 
Some perfumes make me smile, but I happily move on to something else the next day on my quest for another masterpiece. Then there are those that become an important part of my life. I have a lasting relationship with Mitsouko, still I'm not really sure what it smells like. Sometimes it's a delicate veil of almond and pepper, sometimes it's a dark wood of a mysterious temple, and sometimes it's what I think molten gold should smell like. 

For me Mitsouko has so many faces, and I know I haven't discovered all of them yet. As soon as I think I have it pinned down, something catches me off guard and I discover a new perfume. Mitsouko got me interested in women's perfumery. One day while absentmindedly browsing a Guerlain counter I happened to pick up a bottle, and the exquisitely delicate balance of contrasting notes did something to me. I've been hunting for another Misouko ever since, and while I have since found quite a few perfumes that I couldn't live without, Mitsouko has a unique place in the perfume firmament.

I first became intrigued by this scent while reading The Collector by John Fowles (psychologically fascinating read, by the way). Inspiring more than one real-life psychopath, the book is about a disturbed young man who abducts a beautiful art student and holds her captive in the cellar of his remote estate. The captive-protagonist is vibrant, idealistic, compassionate, philosophical, dignified, and forcefully determined to live. She embodies a thrilling fullness of youth and passion and joie de vivre. She is the perfect foil to her emotionally dead, clinical, and hollow captor who lacks the ability to appreciate any of her remarkable qualities beyond just her physical beauty.  In one pivotal scene, she has steeled herself to seduce her captor, her desperate will to live finally usurping her principles. She is certain she can melt his cold, detached soullessness by giving of herself; by showing him human tenderness and vulnerability she believes might inspire him to show mercy.  Intent on her aim, she emerges resolute from a long, near-ceremonial bath wafting “oceans of Mitsouko.”

I found this scene haunting, weighty, chilling.  From this time I have associated Mitsouko with solemn resolve, beauty with the strength and fragility of spider’s silk, uncertainty as deep and vast as the ocean. A fragrance associated with human spirit that has been pushed beyond its limits and has emerged from the other side stronger, more powerful, and with the realization of possessing a kind of freedom that cannot be taken by another. That simple description “oceans of Mitsouko” has stuck in my mind; I longed to experience it, and yet, for some reason this curiosity was shelved and forgotten. Now many years later I have finally tried Mitsouko for myself and it brings all these impressions and associations flooding back to me upon first sniff. Incredibly, this smells exactly as I would imagine it on the beautiful young captive in her damp, earthen cellar on a dark, isolated night, prepared to take on and defeat the worst of human nature with the best of human nature – compassion and forgiveness.  Lovely, melancholy, beguiling, intoxicating, austere and yet warm, a touch sad, but also wise and knowing. Poignant. I do not think it was happenstance that Fowles chose to incorporate this fragrance as a sensuous detail into his eerie tale.

I have a teeny-tiny decant of vintage extrait; I suspect it has degraded a bit with time because on my skin the top-notes seem nonexistent. It cuts straight to a heart of overripe peach nestled in a mossy heart with just a hint of spice, mainly clove. I find this stays very close to my skin and almost melds seamlessly into my own chemistry. The voluptuous softness of the peach perfectly rounds out the sharper edges of the moss. I find it addictive, achingly beautiful, and unlike anything else I have experienced. Beside Mitsouko, all of my other favorite chypres (especially those by Bernard Chant) seem like they’re . . . missing . . . something. That round, soft sweetness reigning in the deeply hypnotic and expansive mossiness is utterly unique to Mitsouko (as far as I have yet to come across, anyway).  Since sampling this, I simply don’t feel like wearing any of my other fragrances. I’m sure this will change with time, but right now I am under Mitsouko’s spell. I am awaiting a mail-order of the modern EDP and can only hope it will not disappoint me. I am hoarding this small decant of vintage, indescribably saddened by the knowledge that I might not be able to replace it; that eventually, this scent will cease to exist.

I don’t understand the reviewers who claim they don’t “get” Mitsouko. I guess I don’t see what there is to “get” – it is beautiful. End stop. I don’t get bread, dough, pickles, rancid nuts or cooking oil from this. It isn’t a fickle scent on my skin – she has been consistently lovely. Maybe I will understand when I try the newer formulation.  Maybe I just got lucky with my chemistry.  I find it timeless, quite more so even than sister-scent Shalimar. I have a wardrobe of fragrances others might consider “old lady” and though I enjoy them and appreciate them, I can understand where the “old lady” critique might apply. I don’t feel this way about Mitsouko. I am suddenly all but intolerant of the “modern” fragrances in my collection – they don’t speak to me the way Mitsouko does. They never have. I am also a little saddened to think this may be my one and only olfactory experience of this magnitude, no other fragrance has yet passed my radar that has carried with it such anticipation, such expectations, and so much weighty context. I will enjoy the search, however!

An almost putrid jungle note of greenery in the parfum/extrait can be a little overpowering at the open, but this mellows down to a most unusual peach note that goes on for quite long.Woodsy, damp notes prevail in the drydown that serve to unify the wearer (me) and Mitsy in a bond of love.Awesome! And my 2nd favourite scent of 2010.
An epic tale in minimalistic detail with clean sinuous lines reminiscent of Artnouveau made from an Occidental point of view of an Shinto temples of the island of Japan and an austere elegance.the note of Oakmoss predominates much of this scent drying in the sun with a gentil breeze dries to a suble orange note and with sweet peach that is not cloy to your senses. next Delicate white roses blooms in a simplistic Garden pathway where a Geishawith her modest aura plucks an rose andsmells it gentily when the night falls the scent of night jasmine roams the nocturnal sky and the nuances of Gingerspices and cinnamon make this complete.every fragrance tells a story or conjoures feelings or imagesFor me Mitsouko conjoures feeling of wistfulness and melancholia like star-crossed lovers from two different worldsala Sayonara with Marlon Brando a romance between an american air force Major and an Japanese entertainer forbidden by both sides with tragic results Madame Butterfly with an american admiral and his Japanese Paramour or an small shrine silhouettedin the center of an island on the Rising sun dedicated to Amaterasu Goddess of the sun and the smoke of sandalwood incense dances to the heavens.Mitsouko can be spiritual wistful calmsimple distant aristocratic distant andMelancholy.
I actually CAN wear this every day.And my tastes generally go from cheap to VERY cheap.It is indeed symphonicmoodyrefined but not snobbishI will buy the extraitand it is definitely edging out tabuand avon "tomorrow"It doesn't just have the go-to*plushness*of a luxury fragranceshe has a story to tellshe is a woman who canand hasbeen worn by a manand will againnot in the wink winksensemore likesighsighrambledrink ginsighwrite *good* poemsglimmerat whoeveragainthis lady lives to tell
I know what LT meant when he said that by naming Mitsouko as the one he would take with him if he had to flee to Mars for tax reasons he was rrunning the risk of being thought a bit obvious. After all it's so well known as one of the Greats, a classic that is still there in the top 10 ever despite the arrival (and departure) of several thousand perfumes that would have liked to claim its crown. Therefore when anyone like me, who is never going to be described as particularly knowledgeable about scents, says that it is a staple that she could not live without, she runs the immediate risk of being suspected of an inability to think for herself.There's no law that says that the whole world should love a perfume, even if it's regarded by many as a masterpiece but sometimes the majority are right. When this happens you're not necessarily just following the herd OK, maybe some are, but I have been fighting the bewitchment of Mitsouko for years and have had to admit that it's got to me - it is a great fragrance and I love it.
Fantastic. When the purse allows it, this will be my first 'female' fragrance. Also, for me this is a rare scent that pulls off that powdered touch fragrances of the era seem to have in common.
For years, this fragrance was my all-time favorite, and I endlessly compared formulations and concentrations, and fretted about not being able to find vintage stock anymore. And you know? Recently I've found it to be a bit odd, austere, and melancholy, as if I'm smelling a dark undercurrent and some nuances that I couldn't perceive before. Or that didn't bother me before. I'd never question Mitsouko's greatness and singular beauty, I only find that I've reached an age where I don't want as much drama and history in my scent. When I was young, all I wanted was drama and history, yet life has offered me enough of all that on its own now, and I find that I'm drawn to the more straightforward, joyful sweetness of L'Instant! Call it a de-evolution, and a travesty to prefer a newer Guerlain, yet there it is - I choose sweetness and light.
When I first tried this, in EDT from a smelling strip, I was intrigued in part and disappointed in part; I wanted to like it but like gin at five (only the smell!) and Guinness at twenty one it was a struggle...And then something clicked as it much earlier did with gin and then Guinness.And when I smell it now, in EDP, I am every time astonished by its remarkable radiance; it shares a certain undefinable lustrous glow with high carat gold that is truly beautiful and truly irresistable.Putting a man on the moon? Pah! Gold, Guinness, gin and Mitsouko are the truly great human achievements.
It has all been said before (talking about the original version), one of the greatest fragrances ever made.   Shalimar, L'Heure Bleu and Mitsouko are, in my opinion, the three greatest fragrances ever made ( again, not what is being sold at the moment) .   Mitsouko, is subtle and divine; a perfectly blended Chypre 
Millions of peaches, peaches for me...I'm normally not fond of peach but I want to eat this fragrance. Mitsouko is ripe, sliced peaches atop a plate of lush, dank greenery. This might be the current, dictionary-picture definition of 'chypre.' Gender be damned, this smells good on me!
Luca and Tania I now know what you mean!  Mitsouko definitely smells so divine!  If Hermes could market their Un Jardin collections as Unisex, this one could easily pass for both sexes.  You will definitely enjoy every note (top, heart, base) of this elegance in a bottle.  I bought this one without testing it, only from the great testaments that I have read.  Needless to explain why this perfume still exist up to now after almost a century from its creation, you have to try for yourseld and you will know why.  Forget about the "old lady" feeling of this creation.  People who say this are those who only know the "common" perfumes marketed for the masses.   If it smells good on you, wear it!  If people don't like it and you like it, wear it!  It's about time to teach new generation the real art of perfumery.  
How does one possibly review what is clearly among the greatest works of perfumery every created?  You don't.  I need not heap praise on the chypre that defined the genre more then Chypre de Coty ever did.Instead, let me briefly plug the vintage Eau de Cologne formula of Mitsouko.  These EdCs are often overlooked.  Instead of just being watered down versions of the EdT, these EdC formulas are unique compositions.  The compositions themselves are lighter and less dense, but that doesn't mean the sillage and longevity are any lighter or reduced.  I recently acquired Mitsy in EdC and it may be my favorite formula.  Unlike other formulas the bergamot component of the chypre formula is very distinct and mixed well with the peachy top/mid notes, making a bright and sunny citrus/fruity opening.  The bright citrus/fruit opening moves over the next half hour to the classic mossy/woody base.  As it moves to the base quickly, one can experience the 'chypre base' for a long time, a real treat for us chypre fans who are used to just getting a hint of oakmoss as our perfumes fade off the skin.I would never tell anyone to turn down a bottle of vintage Mitsy parfum - never.  But if you get a chance to pick up a Mitsy in EdC, definitely treat yourself.Thumbs UP.
This is the most beautiful of all of the Guerlain scents for women.  Exquisite!  Whenever my wife wears this (usually for special occasions) I am actually intoxicated from it.  To me it is a real turn on but the wearer needs to be a very sophisticated, fashionable, and classy woman in order to wear Mitsouko correctly and get the full benefits of this timeless fragrance. 
More and more I appreciate the perfume house of Guerlain… after its Vetiver I started to experiment with Mitsouko. What’s there to experiment you will ask me! Well as written above, it is not an easy one to pull off. This is a powerhouse of a fragrance that lingers and lingers for hours… to the point that you can’t, simply can’t, forget you have it on! It is strong and all the other wonderful things written about it by other basenoters, but still this is quite remarkable of a fragrance to wear nowadays. I feel strange to wear it. I am almost always conscious how others may or may not perceive it on me. I am not the kind of person who cares too much of what others think of me (although we certainly don’t live in a vacuum); however, Mitsouko makes me so much aware of its presence around me that I keep on wondering what would I think of someone smelling like this! And it is me who I try to figure out! I am sorry if I sound too psychoanalytic but I put on Mitsouko this afternoon at 12.30 and at 20:00 I can still feel it quite clearly. Yes this is a historic fragrance, yes it smells olfactory to say the least, yes it is remarkable in its silage … but yes it needs maybe an updated version to be a bit more wearable in daytime at least, in our day and age. And for perfume’s sake keep the original going, but give us also a subtler version.  I haven’t tried the Lotus version and I am really curious about it. Maybe it is the answer. Indeed Mitsouko is extraordinary, powdery and warm; however, on my skin and for my taste it is too sweet.
MITSOUKO is an enigma to me. Though it smells green and mossy for the most part, I can't deny the existence of sweetness and spice, with a depth and complexity that are beyond compare. I believe it is this inherent maze of subtleties that bestows Mitsouko with a mythical chameleon-like ability to transform its character and compliment any skin partner. On a man, Mitsouko smells confidently masculine and cerebral; on a woman, it weaves a little web of intrigue, portraying itself as a mysterious, seductive beauty. Few are immune to its legendary charms.The EDT version I have dates from 1973 so I doubt if it's a reformulation, yet it feels light and translucent for a chypre. But when you consider Mitsouko began life as an extrait, you'd be a little more forgiving. On a more positive note, I find this translucence allows for greater variation in wearing styles with a more liberal application bringing Mitsouko's enchantment to its magical best.  *** This review is of the EDT ***   
My first reaction to Mitsouko was "weird", but definitely a GOOD weird. I wanted to get to know it better and bought a bottle of the edt. If you like resinous, chypre scents (or even if you don't) you have to give this one a try at least a couple of times. I was worried that it would be too spicy but luckily I can detect just a little in the background mix. Don't expect a modern day fruity peach note though, this is more of a smooth, "fuzzy" peach which sweetens the resins perfectly. I did not find it remotely musty or old lady-ish - thank goodness! - which I got from L'HB. To me it is timeless and quite addictive. Mitsouko edp is currenly my default perfume - the one I turn to when I don't know what to wear - and it never dissappoints. If you find the edp overwhelming but interesting at first sniff, start with the edt and take your time. It will be well worth it. 

I absolutely love the pineapple note. However, I am one of the few that can't stand lavender. 
I wore this multiple times and loved it until the lavender showed it's face. 
Fantastic scent and construction, thus the reason for the thumbs up. Just not for me. 
Opens very intensely with fruits that are both spicy, fresh, sweet and sour. If sniffing your skin/clothes up close during the initial hour or two you might be disappointed and some horrified - the scent cloud is much softer. Intense and invigorating opening. Almost medicinal - I think the patchouli and lavender is very noticeable from the beginning. Personally I love this initial 1-2 hours, especially in the (Swedish) summer.

The change as it develops is that it becomes much more appeasing and softer. That almost medicinal blast to your face is gone. It becomes more about the lavender. Yet the fruity parts become more about dry spicy fruit, like biting into a clementine peel or the "greener" parts of a fruit (or even biting into a piece of lavender). Sweetness and sourness sticks around.

All-in-all it's a strange combination of things. The mood of this perfume to me is anything from relaxed and sensual (almost too soft for what some men would consider) to bracing dry and masculine, and each wear gives me a slightly different impression.

What's I find exiting is how it combines some of these opposites - like the sour and the sweet. I don't find it overly sweet, but it does have one part of sweetness very strongly: the kind that's near sour or the the sort of dry feeling in ones mouth after eating pure sugar. The kind of sweetness in Etro's Heliotrope is sort of similar in that it's not obviously sweet to me, but it's also (or rather) quite sharp. Someone said glue about that one. With Music for a while I'd be tempted to say it smells a little bit like bleach. I think some musks contribute nicely to this bleach impression, and to the spoonful of sugar in the mouth feeling, as this sour or sweet dry feeling in my mouth reminds me of e.g. Perfumerie generale Le Musc et la Peau 4.1 or even Musc koublai khan (totally different scents).

This is a very approachable fragrance if you can bear the opening. Excellent longevity, sillage/projection is good.
This latest offering from Malle is an interesting and rather captivating combination of lavender and pineapple. 

The gourmand aspect like jam roly-poly has a Slumberhouse type richness (as in Sadanne). Overall deep, fresh, sweet effect not dissimilar to Trance and Rausch from Schwarzlose (see my reviews). I think the Malle perfume is probably more masculine than Trance but inevitably these things are very subjective. 

On a personal level the fragrance took me back to the 1960's and a masculine fragrance called Champion produced by a well known German supply house. In perfumery, there is nothing new under the sun!
The combination of pineapple and lavender sounded just wrong but I am glad I sampled this. It smells deliciously like lavender and pineapple in the opening and feels nearly overwhelming with the initial sprays. 

It tones down rather soon and the herbal edge of lavender sweetens down with that delicious burnt sugar aspect you sometimes get with lavender. Pineapple is also very much present, and luckily it does not display too sharp or tart edges but is naturally sweet and juicy. After the first three hours if fades to almost skin scent so delicious I had to keep sniffing my shoulders for the rest of the day. Patchouli gives some warmth but does not hassle much with the pineapple-lavender duet. 

Verdict: surprisingly good if you like gourmandish lavender. Projection might be a problem, and put me off from splurging on a bottle. I could consider a travel spray, though.
An approachable fragrance from a mostly standoffish house.

Opens with a burst of juicy pineapple before the lavender appears. I tend to avoid sweet fragrances but this is never saccharine or harsh. The fruit serves as a counterpoint to the herbaceousness of the lavender while warmth from patchouli bridges the two. It's a nice balancing act although I wish the lavender was more pronounced on my skin. 

Ultimately, MFAW is not to my taste but it wears well in the summer and the pineapple is surprizingly refreshing on a sultry day. Good longevity and projection.
Ordered the bottle from New York boutique. Got the box, opened the box, and Wow! "What is that?!?" 

Sliding out the inner box, I got a huge blast of this very unique and beautiful fragrance. I immediately was excited and thought, "What a relief," blind buys don't always pan out. I thought "Imagine if this is just the dry-down..."

Then I sprayed myself down. Probably 5-10 sprays went on just like that, and then it hit me. oh no.

My initial impressions were not at all the same. This is some really loud juice.

I went outside, and then out for a walk with my dogs, and the entire time I was starting to regret it. I almost didn't like it, but yet I did. I have enough fragrances to know that some have many chapters, some have very little change, while others play their trump cards right at the start and are over. Patience is good, because that beautiful dry-down I smelled coming from the box came back in full force, but not for a good 30-45 minutes. 

I can honestly say that I adore this fragrance, but the opening is very abrasive. Then this becomes a breeze of curious and unexpected, with a hint of memorable. Like a smoldering, sweet and fruity smokeless fire, that is somehow fresh!!

You decide!
Do you like pineapple?
Do you like cotton candy?
Do you have a sweet tooth?!
If you said yes to all 3 questions, get your nose on this gem. Massive thumbs up. The best Frederic Malle and the most wearable too in my opinion.

The opening of Music For A While is a beautiful lavender that is simultaneously herbal, earthy, caramelised and oily, which recalls to me a similar moment in the opening of the kaleidoscopic lavender of Bogue MEM. While MEM transcends its material to form an olfactory maze, Music For A While is more straightforward in its overall development. 

This wonderful lavender is soon joined by juicy citrus and succulent pineapple, with their mouthwateringly sweet tartness and delectable pulpy richness, as if having a bowl of fruit salad next to a lavender field under sunny blue sky. The lavender soon turns more camphoraceous with time, a quality that is enhanced by the similar earthy camphor facet of patchouli. This also allows a smooth transition from the lavender/fruits in the opening to the patchouli/fruits in the dry down. One possible downside of amping up the camphorous character of lavender is the potential link with something asceptic. I myself get this association from time to time, but not strong enough to provoke a negative reaction from me.

When the lavender finally switches its leading place with patchouli after about 4 hours, Music For A While is now a caramelised fruity patchouli with a healthy dose of ethyl maltol, which is reminiscent of the note combination and the structure of Mugler Angel.Music For A While is of course less bombastic and lacks the gooey texture and the dark chocolate of Angel, but I would not be too surprised if someone decided to make a lavender version of Angel and presented it as such. As for vanilla, I personally don't detect it as a well-defined note, but it probably helps to round the edges of the fragrance.  

I got an 11-hour longevity and a moderate to soft sillage.

Overall, I quite enjoy Music For A While and find it solidly done, especially the multifaceted opening lavender. The dry down sits comfortably in the gourmand fruity patchouli zone, which is probabaly the zeitgeist of the last two decades of modern perfumery. While I would not say that it’s the best gourmand lavender, it's certainly a more interesting and more layered interpretation among the recent gourmand lavender offerings. If you happen to be searching for a well-balanced gourmand lavender-fruity-patchouli fragrance, I think Music For A While is well worth a try.

