As a guy, I was curious to check this one out, being a fan of several of the men's scents from Prada.

The opening showed promise, with the characteristic camphor-like benzoin note and interesting caramel rich and sweet note.  It smelled like a decent, balanced oriental lady perfume that I'd not recoil from.  But...

The musk in the drydown has the smell of, well, slight lady's body odor.  It didn't come across as pleasant, but more so animalic in a somewhat undignified, unwashed way.  Too bad: At least from my pov, the musk could have been dialed back more, and the other elements could have stood out better.

Granted, my experience is purely from a male perception, coming from a sample vial sprayed on my hand. Take it for what it's worth.
   If you wish to smell like dusty caramel this might be your treat, but I just can't get behind this simpering sweet-toothed creation. As with many foody scents it overstays its welcome, so points for longevity, at least.
I received fragrance sampler kits from Sephora for Christmas.  I wasn't impressed with any of the included samples.  I was hoping Prada Candy would be a warmer, richer, more mature gourmand.  Instead, it is extremely sweet and dries to a burnt caramel finish.  This might be okay for a teenager, but I wouldn't recommend it for adults.

Conjures up the essence of MLM boss babes or eau de Karen under sustained olfactory encounters.  The hint of diaper wipes and spoiled formula underneath it all is ruinous.  However, any negative affect might be overcome for wearers who possess enough self-discipline to keep the volume down.  Drive by whiffs on someone else could be pleasant making it greatly depend on how much throttle an individual wearer gives it, and if there are a herd of the Flowerbombed concentrated in one spot.  Dose makes the poison here. 
I got a sample of this because perfume critic Chandler Burr likes the stuff, and I agree with a lot of his assessments. This time, though, he's way off base. Flowerbomb is just a total snooze, hard to tell  from a hundred others....and it's a snooze in the heavyhanded '80s mode I like least. Ugh. 
Cliche in a bottle. The female equivalent to Cool Water for over-use, over-application, and apparent wearer myopia with regards to how 'great' they smell.

Embarrassing.
When I first heard of the name Flowerbomb I knew to give this one a miss. Full-on florals, which the name implies, are the one category I just don't do. A while later I smelled a dry/woody only slightly sweet fragrance on a colleague. It was fairly low-key and rather pleasant. She told me it was Flowerbomb. After that I tested it myself and found it wouldn't work for me. But on other people, especially on that girl, I found it rather pleasant. I can only conclude now that I must have come across a statistical cluster of people with a very light trigger finger.
Come to think of it, that girl must have had an unusual body chemistry. On her the old  Dior Addict seemed to have a woody/cinnamon quality which is usually doesn't have.

We have since moved to a different area, one where every other female seems to use Flowerbomb. And they're not shy in the application of it. I'm in a public facing line of work, and at least once every day I get almost knocked down by a veritable force field of this stuff. 
So while I started out as on the fence about Flowerbomb, it is now what garlic is meant to be to vampires.

Often one can appreciate a fragrance just for the idea and artistic effort, even if they don't work for everyone. In this case the end result smells exceptionally shallow and cheap. Nothing seems to even aspire to reflect the listed notes. It only consists of generic artificial sweetness and equally fake shallow patchouli. 

Normally I'm content to avoid trivial fragrances and don't bother reviewing them. But with the obnoxious omnipresence of this stuff  I just have to.

This is memorable for me as one of the worst fragrances ever.  A salesperson sprayed my arm & I immediately felt as if I'd been flea bombed.  Horrible!  I hurried to a restroom to wash it off but still had a headache within a couple of minutes.  An hour from home, I smelled it all the way back & even a shower didn't fully remove this mess.  Hence my 5 stars for longevity.  There is nothing in the list of components which I haven't previously worn and enjoyed, so maybe  there's an odd synthetic in the mix?  
Oh Yuck!  It's initial scent is of the foul-smelling formic acid used in cheap colognes;  This gives way rapidly (thank goodness) to an unpleasant bouquet of "Raid" insect spray and the artificial, sickeningly sweet odor of S'More-flavored white chocolate, as found in some mass-market candy bars.  It's a strident scent that lasts quite a while.
Ah, Flowerbomb.  I want to like it just because I love the name, but I simply can't.  It's that pink pepper/patchouli/amber smell that every single smellalike woman's designer perfume smells like like now, mixed with marshmallows.  There are some bubblegum fruits in there, some sort of dark green spice that I think is supposed to balance the treacle but just smells "off," and possibly some kind of flowers, but any floral notes in here (despite the name) are unimportant sweeteners buried in a thick, sticky sea of marshmallow fluff and common-smelling pink pepper goop.

This smells common in the most literal way:  If you go to a bar full of girls wearing perfume, they'll all smell like this.  It's not that they're all wearing Flowerbomb, it's that Flowerbomb, as well as the dozens of other perfumes you'll smell, all have the the same basenotes and throwaway topnotes, so every girl at a bar, or on a bus, or in an office smells like this same pink pepper/patchouli/amber/marshmallow smell.  Obviously the ladies of the world love this smell, but as a perfume aficionado, I just can't get get excited about yet another one of these.
Dear Flowerbomb,

I have tried, truly tried, but I do not understand you.

In spite of your listed notes, you are no floral. You are Boston fruit slices in a bottle, assorted penny candies liquified, a poor rose swimming in simple syrup.

Descended you are from Angel, Lolita Lempicka, Euphoria, Coco Mademoiselle and Juicy Couture JC, yet they manage to be interesting while you twirl your hair and drool. How is it you are so astonishingly popular? I am shocked by it. I wonder if today's girls simply find no discernible difference between flies and men. 

Poor Flowerbomb, a classic of perfumery you are not. You are to Coco Mademoiselle as Giorgio was to Poison. As your simple charms lose their appeal, your formula will cheapened, reduced to a 40 dollar EDT in Wallgreens for our daughters to buy discounted for their "naughties" theme parties, where the teenage girls of 2030 will dress like hipsters, dance to "Sexyback" and say "I can't believe Mom used to wear this!"


Smell this blindfolded and 100% that you won't be able to distinguish it from other millions of generic sweet floral perfumes of the last decade or so. Awful!
Uninspiring and unoriginal.  Smells like sugar water was poored onto unfortunante girls.  I don't understand the main stream appeal either.  If you want to smell unique, try Tom Ford or Bond No.9  Do us all a favor ladies, throw this stuff out and grow up. Smells almost like Pink Sugar. 
What a damn shame this one is. Both my mother and sister own this fragrance and its hello and goodbye at lightspeed. The notes are very boring and non chalant. I can't see why anyone would drop the bucks for this one. It's a nice bottle with a popular name. Thats it.
Sweet vanilla flowers in a cigarette ashtray. Even sans the unappealing smoke odor, it'd still be too sweet.

Flowerbomb is not for my skin, it becomes way too sweet and too uninteresting. I am sorry.
Awfully boring tutti-frutti syrup for such a big price tag.Viktor & Rolf need to put on their big girl panties and come up with something other than these treacle-covered blossoms of theirs.
Caramel bomb. No flowers. Another, boring, sticky, caramel stuff. So childish, barbyish.
the new angel competitor is this bomb who hide very spécial plastic flowers!! 
"courage fuyons"
they want to destroy our noze,pitty,
or, i go to live in sooth pole!!
with pinguins !!
I was really dissapointed by this one. I was expecting a really lovely and loud floral. All i was presented with was candy floss, it's sickeningly sweet and 'sticky' smelling. Not worth the price (about £50 for 50 mls over here in the UK). Fantastic bottle though!
Tried this one yesterday and I didn't find it as extroardinary as I  thought it would be. It starts with a smell that is very familiar (must be Allure) and further.... nothing. It just doensn't last on my skin and fades after a few minutes.
Frankly, it is a mess. I tried both the original and etailer versions of it (some people suggested that the etailer interpretations were much better). None were better than the others. The notes are mixed up in an indecipherably manner. It is flat, but ironically loud and cloying. You don't get the complexity of the artisan fragrances, just a sickly sweet cloud. 
too too.  it's trying to hard and the drydown is worthless.  you need to be really young to pull this off. sense memory of disco in the late 80s, amyl nitrate and all.

After all these years, I can say with full confidence that I just don't like Le Mâle.  It feels good to finally get that off my chest...

I think almost everyone knows what this smells like by now, but if you don't, it's basically a lavendor/tonka fougere, sweetened with vanilla, cinnamon, and coumarin, kind of soapy and powdery, but kept from turning into a gourmand by a mix of exhaust-fume terpines, bleach, plasticky diaper musk, and smegma.

It actually kind of reminds me of Shalimar, but if Shalimar were reimagined by a punky gay weirdo who thought it would be funny to get unsuspecting people to wear a classic musk perfume that uses bleachy dried up sperm instead of musk.  As such, I get the joke, and I acknowledge the artistry, and the wink-and-nod to history, and the iconoclasm.  But I still think this smells nasty.
Synthetic at its best. Powdery synthetic scent. I dont get anything in it, it's too lame to separate the notes. I only get some "artificial" lavender. Hmmm...


Does nobody else get shaving foam, herbs and mustiness?

**/*
I've bought 125 ml for 40 €
I'm not an expert on reformulations. 
The scent is classy and great. I've owned dupes of this fragrance. 
Le male in its current state is not worth the money. Sillage is poor and the dry down is not that great. 
Kindlooks for 5 dollars is better and the sillage is far better than JPG LE MALE. 
I don't like to ramble on about reformulation's but this one is totally spoiled now ..it's dry and has lost all of its opulence and density..highly synthetic and basically its not been treasured or treated with any respect by the company that currently formulate it. I gave it away to my 14 year old nephew ..he likes it so at least it wasn't a complete waste of money.
The original JPG Le Male from the 90s was a masterpiece & had tremendous performance! Le Male has since been reformulated & most retailers are selling the reformulation. The reformulated version of Le Male does not smell or perform nearly as good as the original. It is not powdery, nor is it a powerhouse! I find it woodier in the dry-down. The vintage is a much darker juice/better formulation. A reformulated bottle will last 5 hours at most on my skin & project for the first hour. It is a shame that the house destroyed a beautiful fragrance. Not worth it - only buy if you can find the vintage juice!
I happened to be living in London when this was launched and was running into Harrod's on an errand when, right inside the door, a woman with a spritzer grabbed my arm and asked if I wanted to try this new scent.  Before I could answer, I was given a dose and I quickly moved on.  Before I was twenty steps into the store I knew that something was wrong.  Very wrong. What she sprayed on me was so vile, so gross, that I went straight to the men's room to wash it off.  It was on me ten minutes or so and I sniffed at it the whole time, wondering what was so "off" about this scent.  I was probably wearing Bel Ami at the time, so strong scents were no problem.  I also love Caron PuH and Ungaro II, and the vanilla lavender combo is a favorite, so what was so wrong?  To me it smelled overly strong, overly sweet and oddly bestial--and not in a good way (and as I mentioned, I like the civet in Ungaro II!).  Very similar to my reaction to Kouros, even though they are very different fragrances.  Even after a scrub in the gent's I emanated its evil odor for the rest of the day and felt like I needed to apologize to strangers who drifted into my wake.  Oddly enough, I have smelled it on other men since where it smelled just fine--actually tame and minty-fresh barbershop-like.  I might even like it now that it has been reformulated but I can never forget the visceral reaction that I had on first trying it. 

Genre: Woody Oriental

This dull, aging, straight-laced, (if socially progressive,) straight guy grants kudos to the house of Jean Paul Gaultier for openly courting the gay male market well before it was politically correct to do so – back in those benighted times when “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” actually looked like a step forward. Insofar as the packaging and winking sailor boy from The Village People ad campaign were unambiguously and unashamedly targeted – not to mention decades in advance of Etat Libre d’Orange – I say good for Gaultier. I only wish they’d given the guys a better scent.

I have no idea what perfume critic Tania Sanchez was sniffing when she described Le Mâle as a “light, soapy lavender scent,” but to me the contents of the bottle with the bulging crotch rank among the loudest, crudest entries in the sugared 1990s tidal wave that included A*Men, Pi, Rochas Man, Lolita Lempicka au Masaculin and Joop! Homme. I find this especially remarkable given that it’s purported to be the work of Francis Kurkdjian , him of Enlévement au Sérail, Acqua di Parma Iris Nobile, L’Eau Noire, and Ma Dame. The composition smells very simple, and all I get out of it besides Ms. Sanchez’s lavender is powdery vanilla, amber, and a monstrously amplified note of ethylmaltol. This last is the same diabolically shrill, sweet aromachemical that lends the original Angel its syrupy consistency.

The development, if I may deign to call it that, is strictly linear, and the cloying sweet central accord persists at the olfactory equivalent of deafening volume for hour upon hour – which I count as no good thing, given how unpleasant I find Le Mâle. Contrary to some others, I actually find Kurkjian’s recent floral variation, Fleur du Mâle, far more wearable and interesting.

A classic scent destroyed by reformulationJean Paul Gaultier's Le Male was a masterpiece of simplicity and design. Some people thought it was a victim of its own success but popularity was never due to hype or marketing, rather it was down to one simple and fundamental truth (often forgotten in fragrance world), Le Male just smelled so bloody wonderful. Le Male was never a complex scent, just a perfectly balance of duality - its intense vanilla dry down tempered beautifully by mint and a hint of lavender. It was also renowned for its projection and longevity across the board, something rare with so many different and subjective reactions to fragrances. So it's with a heavy heart that I inform the reader that Le Male has, most likely, been reformulated as a shadow of its former self. I've purchased 5 bottles over the past six months, all from reputable sources and they have all inspired contempt and frustration. The new formulation has dropped the heavy vanilla dry down in favor of something more subtle. It's not unpleasant but it's far less sweet than the original formulation and seems a little more powdery. It has also become far less potent. In fact, I'd go so far to say that its projection is weak. It stays so close to the skin as to become none existent. Longevity remains decent - around 6-7 hours, less than its earlier incarnation - but because the projection is so slight and the scent so bland, longevity becomes mostly irrelevant. I don't think that there has been any official word from Jean Paul Gaultier but the forums are abuzz with speculation. I remained objective in my assessment - negative experiences with scents often comes down to fake bottles or stale perfumes - but I feel confident that I've given enough time, and enough money (!), to confirm my judgement. In conclusion, be wary when purchasing Le Male. I suggest hunting down older bottles, if you know what to look for (it's been suggested that the older formulations have darker stripes on the bottles). Otherwise, lower your expectations of this once beautiful creation and mourn the defiling of a classic male fragrance.Pros: Retains hints of its older versionCons: Weak projection, weak longevity, lack of vanilla intensity"

Sweet scent at first sight but too much for my taste. It becomes invasive and unpleasant.
With all the amazing reviews I read about this, i just HAD to try it.  I WANTED to like it... but alas, it was not for me.  
When sprayed on the test strip of paper, it was very forgettable, with an undertone i wasn't sure of.  Surely that was just something subtle on thetop notes that would wear off eventually.  So I tried it on my skin.
For 45 minutes all I got was babypowder that had something subtle trying to come out.  Eventually the hidden note came out:  Vanilla.
If vanilla and babypowder are notes you enjoy, then this is the frag for you.  Sadly, I didn't feel that it lived up to the expectations made by all the reviews.  IMHO.
Le male contains some of my favourite notes and I was eager to try it.  I really liked this fragrance on the blotter.  Then, I sprayed some on my wrist.  Big mistake!  After 20 minutes, I smelled like I spilled a bottle of Musk for Men by Jovan (a horrible cheap drugstore fragrance that was all too popular back in the 70's).  For months, my mouse pad reeked of white musk. Oddly enough, musk is not mentioned in Le male's olfactory pyramid.  I wonder what it is that reacts so bad on my skin.

Maybe Le male is a great fragrance on some men but on me, it is utterly revolting.  Headache in a bottle, unfortunately.
so sweet it mekes me sick, are you sure this was intented for males to use it?
I keep trying this one and it's just as nasty as the last time I tried it on.  Smells like a syntheticly sweet plastic.  An assault on the senses.
THIS SCENT LASTS FOREVER AND A DAY! I had a spray in a shop and the initial very alcoholly blast put me off a little. After about 20 minutes it blends into a spicy vanilla scent. I personally struggled smelling any lavender or mint but there you go. I really don't see what the big fuss is with this fragrance. However, the sillage/projection/longevity cannot be faultered.

A thoroughly cheap-smelling synthetic vanilla mixed with some smokiness; it's both bland and off-putting. 

I'm inclined to be especially harsh here because of the absurd and disgraceful pricing. This is transparently cheap, nasty stuff being sold at entry-level niche pricing.
Just another cheap little vanilla.  It's that dumb marshmallow frosting vanilla, with isobutavan added for a hint of nuts and creme soda, and a touch of boozy immortelle that's trying its best to class things up but fails.

Right now, in any town in America, you could go to Ross or TJ Maxx and find a candle or a room spray that smells like this for less than $5.  This is the dictionary definition of what "cheap" smells like.

Wow. As someone who loves and wears a wide variety of leather fragrances, I have to say that I am gobsmacked by the stellar reviews this one is receiving. To me, this smells like a highly, stridently-synthetic and sharply-ambered version of Cuir Ottoman (on a REALLY bad day). Cold, bitterly pungent, plastic-y, and artificially harsh are some of the descriptors that come to mind when I spray this on. I find nothing redeeming in this fragrance and I'm sad to think this is how modern noses interpret the glorious and (normally) varied smell of "leather."

Its so sweet and so loud.  It is pleasing to many people, sure.  I could never own a bottle that looks like this.  Just terrible. 
Extremely synthetic smelling and cloyingly sweet - Nothing masculine about this at all! This is to men's fragrance what Justin Bieber is to music - saccharine sweet with absolutely no soul - just mainstream appeal.
It's clear they're trying to appeal to a younger audience who may not remember any of the classic masculine scents, but as a man, I just would never want to smell like this. Thumbs down...
The first time my husband wore this I asked him why he reeked of Right Guard.  Instead of getting annoyed with me, he said, 'yeah, that's what it is, isn't it?'
Too sweet, not enough "cologne" smell if that makes sense. Ended up scrubbing but willing to give it another sample at some point. 
I saw the red flags in other's reviews, I was warned:
It is sweeter than Jean Paul Gaultier Le Male, (which I found abhorrent).
Smells like Fan di Fendi, (which is utterly disgusting).
Azzaro Night pour Homme, Mont Blanc Legend Intense and Axe deodorants were also major references.
I have great reverence for Paco Rabanne pour Homme, which with Nina Ricci Signoricci, were champions on my first steps into the world of Masculine fragrances.
I couldn't believe Paco Rabanne put its name and reputation in such offensive reeky juice, packaged in a tacky golden bottle, is it marketing strategy? Which demographics are they targeting?
I'm an old timer, but I accompanied the generational changes in perfumery and found value in modern fragrances, like Abercrombie and Fitch Fierce, Prada Luna Rossa, even David Beckham pour homme, (which is amazing and affordable).
What makes reputable houses like Dior creating monstrosities like Sauvage, or Paco Rabanne denigrating themselves with 1 Million and the super tacky Invictus? Are they killing artistry in the name of easy young money?… and worse, there are so many copycats delivering the same toxic fumes in expensive bottles.
Do I recommend 1 Million? No.
My advice: Please don't.

The appeal:
Ladies love it! Women go crazy… 
I can't understand why?. (well, women are not to be understood, just appreciated)

Which type of guy wear this fragrance?
I can see clearly 2 distinct gentlemen wearing it: 
Martin Shkreli (pharma-bro)
Kylo Ren (no introduction is needed).

Nuff said!


Uggg,,,just ugg. I know that a lot of people like this one but I cant, and I've tried. I mean why would i want to hate on a cologne i paid over $100 for, feal i've wasted my money. To me it literally smells like an old ladies perfume from the 80's. Harsh synthecic fruity rose,,,just way to strong and last way to long.Thats the only plus I can give it is it's staying power thats it... I know sent is very subjective but I can't imagine why any man would like this one...a woman yes but not a man...an older woman at that its perfect for them.
For me a huge disappointment ... My girlfriend wears the female version and accidentally bought it for herself... Once it was opened she could not return it so it became mine.
The smell is nothing special in my opinion as it reminds me of very old sweet smells of the eighties. For me it smells like Dunhill edition (not as sweet) and does not last at all. (it was bought in a pharmacy so no fake but maybe old stock)
In a British article it was one of the men's perfumes "which drives women crazy"!! 
Ladies are you sure? 
Drives you crazy?
Maybe literally...
Sorry not for me 3/10

Sampled, then bought. One of those "seemed like a good idea at the time" frags. Then after wearing for a while, the scent just reminded me of an a**hole in a nightclub. You know, like that guy on the package. Or the guy who is grinding on your girl while smiling at you. If that's what Paco was going for, mission accomplished.
So kiss a little longer
Stay close a little longer
Pull tight a little longer
longer with 1 Million!

That 1 Million freshness lasts right through it.
Your fresh breath goes on and on 
while you chew it!

Say goodbye a little longer
make it last a little longer
Give your breath long-lasting freshness 
with 1 Million!
No...

Lately, I've been watching quite a few YouTube fragrance reviews...many mention this as a scent that gets many many compliments from the ladies.  Wow...I think they should maybe clarify just who these ladies are.  

So I saw it on the shelf of the fragrance store I was in and I gave it a go.  It is just too synthetic for me. And cloying.  And Sweet.  It doesn't smell masculine to me at all.  (I'm just turning 50 so maybe there is that...)

Perhaps good for a high school kid but I had to scrub this off my hand as soon as I got home from the store...


BLUF: Highly synthetic, sweet, potent, busy, cloying.  Not a fan.

On my skin One Million is something akin to cinnamon, candy, cheap leather, and even cheaper amber.  It really does smell like some sort of over-seasoned, overcooked bubblegum that preteens stick under desks or on school bus seats.  So much going on that I have a difficult time picking out individual notes.

I don’t hate it, but it’s not something that appeals to my senses at this point.  It was also one of the difficult scents to remove from my skin that I’ve come across.  Pass.


Awful.  Smells like cotton candy mixed with fruity pebbles.  Loud, sickly sweet, synthetic.
Bubblegum, Bubblegum, Bubblegum.....
mixed with cough syrup, honey, spices & leather

Its good, but eventually it gets cloying.

Excellent projection & longevity

5/10


For the love of all that is holy PLEASE STOP WEARING THIS! 

When this first hit the shelves I thought it was fine. Candy-sweet bubblegum, cinnamon, woods. Pleasant. 

But now I swear I can't be in a public space without smelling this EVERYWHERE. Not a light, pleasant whiff either, it completely takes over the room and makes me nauseous. 

It has become Axe 2.0 in my region, it's what every high school boy sprays on too much of. Even if that weren't the case, this fragrance is too strong and cloying. 

If you don't want to come off as a completely unoriginal, inconsiderate loudmouth then please - PLEASE - look elsewhere. 
A huge commercial success due to innovative advertissements. Paco Rabanne have been becoming a great business man. 

One million is patchouli bomb rather synthetic too sweet and powderdy to my nose. I understand its success among young people who want to feel rich and popular. But I don't like it. Dissmissed!

Not good 5/10
Revolting. I have tried this twice.

Straight to the bathroom to wipe it off both times. I just don't understand how anyone could stand that smell. 
One of the most powerfully synthetic openings of any fragrance I have ever sampled.  Synthetic is the main play here as nothing smells natural in 1Million.   I live in Florida and I can only imagine how cloying the phony soapy floral notes would get on a hot summer day.   No reason I would ever want to wear this.   It als took forever to scrub off, which only confirms how chemical the composition is.
overpowering weird sweetness.It makes me want to throw up.
One positive that becomes negative that you can't even scrub it off.Not for me.
Was this the scent that launched a million young jocks? Is this what ‘fresh, spicy, leathers’ have come to?
The overriding impression of this car crash is ‘Look at me, I can scream louder, I got the bling and I think grabbing my crotch in public is the height of dudeness.’ A trying-too-hard dancefloor pretender. That isn’t a police siren tearing up the music, that’s someone doused in 1 Million coming through. 
Starts with a polite (but seen in 1 million other ‘masculines’) array of airbrushed fougere notes, a bit minty, but mostly vaguely herbal-spicy. However, these are soon overwhelmed by a post-Aventus sweet frooty gloop with lingering edges of disinfectant and urinal cake that has somehow in this curious age come to typify the smell of a lad about town on a Saturday night looking for a leg over. It blares when it could just be. Dies back to a nondescript sweetness that lingers. 

I really don't see what all the fuss is about with Paco Rabanne's 1 million; it LITERALLY smells like a woman's perfume. I have received a sample of it in my Sephora's sample kit FOR MEN and I am starting to wonder if they gave my the woman's sample because this is a scent I wouldn't mind smelling on a female. It is VERY Floral with some hints of sweet; if you want to smell like a flower for some weird reason then this is the scent to use!!!
This smells straight up like a women's fragrance. Too sweet, too floral, too fruity. 
Extremely unnatural, overbearing, overused and worn by the wrong people.

Don't let all the good reviews here fool you, quality-wise this is a horrific scent, synthetic and cheap - should be called "1" instead of "1 Million". Believe me, women above sixteen DO NOT LIKE it. Period. 

I can't see how anyone into fragrances would appreciate this garbage. Absolutely terrible!
Ok, so I used to love this scent. I even almost used up a whole bottle. As time has gone on i've hated this scent more and more. Now I just find this scent very irritating and sickly sweet. The smells enough to give you a headache! Also another reason why I probably began to dislike it is that everybody is wearing it. I will give you an example.. in my college class on the same day, 3 of the classmates were wearing it. Its too common and in my opinion it's getting old. It's no doubt good for clubbing cause everyone can smell you and it projects but as so many people are wearing it now, it's becoming a joke. Now I always am hearing comparisons with 1 million smelling like Spicebomb and maybe it's the cinnamon note but i don't think Spicebomb smells much like 1 million. I actually like Spicebomb and would prefer that over 1 million any day.
Genre: Woody Oriental

1 Million actually starts out a lot nicer than the mostly indifferent reviews had led me to believe, with perky grapefruit and orange rind top notes. The composition is soon filled out and enlivened by a sweet, creamy synthetic wood accord that’s suggestive of coco butter. So long as it remains in the background, the coconut cream is pleasant in a kind of goofy, offhand manner. Unfortunately, it rapidly expands  to drown out everything else, turning trite, and finally cloying. 

At the apex of its development, 1 Million smells like hand soap amplified to jet engine volume. It also radiates like plutonium until the very last phase of its generic pencil shavings drydown. Talk about crash and burn! 1 Million smells like its entire budget went into the first ten minutes. Long enough to close the sale and get the customer out of the store, but hardly long enough to satisfy. 


Honestly I hate this one.  i wanted to love it but I dont.  Maybe it will grow on me.  But right now my impressions has me wanting to make a public service announcement.    I am here to save you $50+ on the purchase price of PR1M.    Go to the dollar store and find a pack of fruit stripe gum.   Insert the whole pack in your mouth and chew to build up a large amount of saliva.    Now spit on yourself.   You now smell like a million.
To me this is disgusting and I have to move away/out of the underground carriage when I smell this on people as it is overpowering and acrid. It is the men's version of Poison - to be avoided. Goodness knows what the womens version smells like, I haven't dared to even try it.

Trashy, but I think that's intentional.;	If I smelled this with a blindfold on I'd say it smells like waiting outside of a public restroom in a casino. You're near the smoking section, next to a gift shop stocked with candy and especially red licorice. Every time the bathroom door opens a cloud emerges that is a combination of the urinal-cakes, the cherry-almond soap leaking out of the dispensers, the disinfectant in the mop water the janitor is cleaning the floor with... 	Then I take the blindfold off, see the tacky gold bar atomizer and think, so wait — casino bathroom is exactly what the house was going for?"  	At least it's self-aware.
Sickly sweet disgusting trash. Probably designed to be the next step up for teenagers from wearing Lynx Excite. "Yes! You too can smell like an accident in a sweet shop!" I certainly won't miss it when I finish the bottle.
In the beginning I loved '1 Million' - it was fresh and like walking through an orchard full of berries. But after a couple of minutes it transforms into this sweet stench... like you're trespassing or you got lost in some woods full of blueberry. the smell becomes so dominant that it's annoying. but luckily after a couple of minutes you can't smell a thing any longer, because it doesn't last at all.
this is sweet peppery synthetic frag , very cheap execution :)

probably made according to the new market taste for sweet feminine frags with some spices added so it can be sold as masculine :) anyone who can wear this can wear every single female perfume and smell better!!


guys i recommend Ormonde man, instead of this ! 
It smelled decent at first spray but it just isn't for me. It smells like buble gum and metal. A grown man shouldn't wear this. Let me rephrase that. A refined man shouldn't wear this.
Fine fragrance that meets the purpose for which it was made: partying, that appeals to the masses, good behavior on the skin ... but I can not stand it. It's not the fact of being overcrowded, but become extremely cloying on my skin, and low-quality synthetic.

Extremely nasty modern hodgepodge aggregate  of the worst designer modern masculine synthetic aromchems tendencies of the moment.
Avoid at all costs.
To be noted I’m a moss, cat’s arse and beaver sack type ..
One of those A*Men-inspired coffee/lavender/caramel gourmands drenched in mass market masculine aromachemicals, notably those omnipresent aquatic grape topnotes and a full-on Axe body spray "woody amber" base.  It's OK at first and ends up smelling ferociously cheap.  In the recent flood of coffee gourmands, this seems quite unnecessary - the only thing it brings to the table is cheapness.
Very sweet, freshly-baked sugar cookies on a warm wooden plate.  Not a suitable scent for a gent.  
A sugary woody piquant synthetic unoriginal mess. A shame as the most part of the new woody releases "retracing" this infamous gassy (sugary dusty) trend. Ferragamo Uomo's opening is a cedary-spicy sugar's tornado while dry down is a less dusty-gassy nondescript woody-caramel. Zero texture. An unpleasant piquant boredom on my skin.

So sad, this was a perfume I loved many years ago and wanted to sample again - and I can't smell the beautiful peach and mossy notes at all. It just smells like wet towels. Or maybe it's my nose. But this is not at all lovely, in fact it is rather nauseating, and I feel so sorry for all the people who expect the former great classic scent and end up with this miserable parody.
I really want to like this. It doesn't smell at all how I expected. It has a lovely woody clove scent that i love, but I can't get around another prominent note that smells perfectly like freshly opened band aids. This is the edt version, so that might make a difference.

I tried this for the first time last Sunday.  I liked it at first.  It was earthy and fresh.  Then it dried down to "little old lady" smell.   It just didn't work for me.   However, My elderly mother and Aunt liked it
It's unfortunate...that I have to give this perfume a poor review based on reactions from women I know. Two took a sniff of it, one is obsessed with perfume, and immediately wrinkled noses and comments like "What the hell is that?" and "Smells like old ladies". I guarantee you 99.9% of women under 40 will not like this perfume. I'd highly recommend trying this out before deciding to purchase.

Bought this for the wife based on all the reviews and so thought it was going to be something amazing. But I couldn't wrong enough,Mitsouko smelt awful!! It smelt like an elderly women's wardrobe. Very strong and very flowery....its so strong it would knock out any bee in your area!!

I sampled this in a store and it was just unpleasant.  It had a peanut butter vibe under the peach notes which made me glad that it was sprayed on a card and not on my wrist.

Good God, what have they done to this once beautiful perfume?  This concoction is an abomination of its former self.  I had an older bottle for years that I would always return to, received a new one for a present that is so different it is nearly unrecognisable.  The cloyingly sickly sweet smell of vanilla off the new formulation is downright offensive, I actually had to wash it off and I have never had to do that before with perfume.  What was once one of my favourite scents is now dead and buried.  Don't bother buying this, just get a couple of vanilla pods and rub them around your neck, job done. 
I ordered a bottle of this over the internet, and thought it must have been a knock-off because it smelled so terrible on me. I gave it away, but have since tried it again at a department store to make sure it wasn't just a bad bottle, and it wasn't. There is something in the opening that reacts badly with my skin. After about 30 minutes it calms down, but still doesn't smell great. I had a bottle of Shalimar back in the early 80s and did not have a problem, so I am thinking it is something they have added to the newer formulations. The newer version is truly terrible on me and I cannot pick out anything on the pyramid that normally reacts that way with my skin. My friend asked me please not to stand too close...
Shalimar EdP opens with a astringent citrus accord of bergamot and lemon and then moves into a lovely vanilla scent.

When the incense arrives and melds with the vanilla the scent does become quite alluring.

Though as it evolves you begin to smell leather and civet which also mix's in with the incense in a unpleasant way. At this stage it starts to smell acrid like mothballs or bug spray.

The scent is complex and has many facets of development with floral notes adding to the above notes. 

I like some elements of the fragrance like the vanilla and incense. But what kills my interest is the dated mothball/bugspray like accord coming from the civet and incense.
Shalimar is unequivocally the most cloyingly sweet, baroque perfume on the market today. Some old fragrances become classic standards that are timeless. Others survive by being "a name" in popular culture. The overwhelmingly sickening sweet synthetic vanilla and talcum powder of Shalimar that projects and punches EVERYBODY within 20 feet of the wearer (literally) is actually indecent and offensive. Goes beyond a statement. Beyond boldness. Beyond good taste. I can't think of another fragrance that is so overpowering that I'd have to tell someone I can't stand to be near them. Long after escaping the vicinity of a  Shalimar cloud, it's all you can smell. Your battered olfactory senses causing a headache and thoughts of "does this meal smell like Shalimar?" or "have they cleaned this restroom with Shalimar?" and so on. The domineering pervasiveness is actually rude then.

I've tried to enjoy Shalimar for its smell.  And its history.  And its importance.  And its benchmark status.  But no.  I'm afraid I think Shalimar smells gross.  That's not to say it isn't important and possibly a great perfume.  But I still think it smells gross.

Lately, I've been sampling the EDT, which is heavy on the baby powder and talc, fuzzy with lavender and a weird plasticky musk that smells like a diaper, as well as a realistic musk that smells like baby poo.  And there's vanilla, too.

I prefer the EDT because it focuses on the powdery aspects, letting the poopy diaper fade into a powdery spiced vanilla, which is the smell for most of the day.  

I've also tried the extrait, which highlights the poopy diaper musks and is just terrifying.

Oh well, I've given Shalimar MANY chances, and I get why people love it, but I just don't want to walk around smelling like a poopy diaper sprinkled with vanilla and cinnamon in a cloud of baby powder.  Maybe I'm losing snob points, but I'm fine with that...
Oh Dear Lord, Smells like FLY Spray :(after reading the background to this Fragrance and that of the good reviews I decided to try some of this on to check to see if was all that of the hype some people give this Fragrance. I was looking to give it to my Daughter for Christmas if it was good. I had imagined myself telling my daughter about the story behind the fragrance etc too but when I sprayed this on my arm, oh dear lord.. I nearly fainted... they didn't have any of the EDP so I used the EDT... my MRS didn't like it either, she thought it was horrible... it smelt like fly spray.. non the less, it was now on me so I watched if throughout the afternoon and into the evening.. it powdered down a lot better after an hour but still with that faint smell of fly spray in with the powder... it lasted very well, 8 hrs +... but hell, would you want it on you for that long? very disappointed :(Pros: dries down nicer than original burstCons: Smells like Fly Spray"
Disgusting and intrusive. 
I'm definitely in the minority here but I don't like this fragrance.  When Shalimar is mentioned I hear perfect, classic, wonderful.  When I try it all I get is vanilla, plastic, and dead cat.  What am I doing wrong, folks?  

One of the ugliest, most pervasive scents known to man, next to cat pee.

The staying power is, of course, excellent.
I dont quite like it. I blind-bought it because it was oh-so praised here on basenotes. That was a mistake. It  smells pretty much like joss sticks and reminds me of red-light-establishements (thou ive never been in one :). As KatiePuckrikSmells stated in her YouTube-Review the smell was considered "a perfume with a bad reputation" and that "there are three things a "Lady" never did [..], wear shalimar", this is pretty much spot on. Its not western-classy but oriental-brothelesque.. thumbs down.

Now unrecognisable as the classic I remember from the 1970s. Weak with poor sillage and longevity and on me it smells like an old-fashioned tin of lemon scented wax polish. Not an unpleasant scent if you want to smell (faintly) like the furniture.
This review is of the EDT.
I sprayed this on paper at a Sephora and LOVED the retro-opening so I also sprayed the back of my hand.  I picked up a bottle and was going to purchase it as another customer was asking the attendant about men's fragrances she could purchase for her husband.  I mentioned Eau Sauvage and said "here, smell this".  She turned up her nose and said she didn't like it.  I re-sniffed it on my hand and it smelled like someone smeared feces on me.  I said "ew" -- she said "YEAH".  I put the bottle back and got a sample that I tried a few weeks later -- SAME RESULT -- lemon-POOP / Lemon-Feces / Lemon-DooDoo.
Do you like wearing limonate ? This a scent for you ,but not for me !
The rosemary hit first with a trace of citrus that wasn't specifically lemon. The petitgrain and basil lead through to a clean, but not soapy, vetiver finish with a nice sun-warmed skin character. When I say vetiver this was more of the airy spicy side than the green plant matter aspect. 
Overall, a clean yet masculine aroma that conjures the meeting of plants and seas. . My wife complimented on it almost immediately, describing it as "beachy" smell. 
While I acknowledge this fragrance just may not have worked with my chemistry, down-thumbed this Dior classic because it was seemingly only detectable wet. After 20 minutes the show was over, and at an hour it was undetectable. Such a shame. Be sure and test it with your skin and consider the "extreme" version. 
Loved, loved, loved this concoction back in the '80's and for some unexplained reason, I stopped wearing it.  Fast forward to 2016.  Received a 'new' bottle as a gift and became immediately ecstatic.  Yes...the same honest lemon note...the clean, fresh aura that I had remembered from years gone by.  End of story.  No longevity.  No sillage.  Quel dommage.  Now it sits on my fragrance shelf only to be used when the outside temperatures reach a sad over 90* roasting point only to enjoy for the 20 minutes or so after applying.  I understand that the reformulation (God, how I hate that word!) has undergone the surgical removal of oakmoss.  Is that the key to this horrific transformation?  Whatever.  It is still delightful for about 10 minutes but fails to deliver as I remember, from the past. But...a ray of sunshing...I truly enjoy the new magnetic cap...sort of ends there.  
I ordered a sample based on countless positive reviews, but unfortunately I was disappointed. This sickly-sweet cologne is reminiscent of something you'd find in an elderly person's garage sale. 

I give credit to the people that can rock this scent confidently, but it's not me. 

After reading all the positive reviews, I ordered a sample vial for 5 bucks.  This morning I sprayed two sprays on my wrist to test.  When I was in my car 5 minutes later, I could no longer smell it!  I sprayed 2 more sprays on the same wrist, again gone in under 5 minutes!  I could get a faint sniff of it, if i buried my nose in my wrist.  I dont know if I received a fake sample or what, but Ive had farts that lingered longer than this.

Pickle dust.

Its got dry chemically dill in the opening.  One little bit on my arm three different times.  I just don't think this is very persistant or heavy. It is airy and fades out in like 5 hours.  I know that is not the baseline, but that is my 2020 experience.  Fairly pleasant for what I did smell.  Not particularly sandalwoody. Stupid expensive, and I wouldn't purchase it for $30.  Thumbs down, solid. 
Santal 33 was not at all what I expected, and unfortunately, it wasn't in a good way.

Santal 33 opens up with a fiercely dry, woody howl.  I assumed, as is the case with many "sandalwood" fragrances, that this would lean sweet and creamy.  Nope, not the case here.  This smells very much like real sandalwood, which has a very dry fragrance, and I think that Le Labo did a pretty good job of approximating it.  Most people haven't smelled real sandalwood, and what they have smelled is the treated kind thet you get in crappily-made mala beads that are made for hippies and "I'm not religious but I'm spiritual" types.  I was pretty stoked that Le Labo had actually gotten the scent right, except for one big caveat.

So what's the only way that they could screw this up, what with a sandalwood note this good?  Well, that would be by adding enough additional notes to interfere with the really good sandalwood that this fragrance contains.  The leather and papyrus are as prominent as the sandalwood, if not more so, and if the point of this scent was to feature sandalwood, then they basically took something great and then drove it right into the ground.  This is like going to the Met to listen to the NY Symphony's tribute to Color Me Badd.  The ingredients in this are good, for sure, but this formulation isn't.

This is supposedly the hip scent for people in NYC to wear, and as someone who has and still does spend a good bit of time in NYC, I can assure you that it doesn't surprise me one bit.  This could have been good.  I think that the folks at Le Labo had the skill to make this good, but like so many fragrances out there, they took a great idea and did to it what Meg Ryan did to her face.

Pass.
Insipid powdery violet /iris. Poor projection, a skin scent almost from the outset even if you give it a couple of good squirts.  Inoffensive until you also factor in the price. A joke.

Fragrance: 5.5/10
Projection: 4/10
Longevity: 6/10
Stardate 20190318:

This is shite.
Not sure why it became NYC's favourite. Violet/Iris with musk and powder. Very generic TJMaxx fragrance at astronomical price. Nothing redeeming about it. 
Santal 33 opens up as a casual, worn leather on my skin. It's pleasant enough but as it dries down, it completely falls apart into a dense, fluffy cloud of synthetic musk. Unfortunately, at this point the projection is quite strong and enduring. Utterly disappointing and not the only Le Labo to have collapsed like this on me. I have given up on the house.
You're a rabbit. You live in a dead garden. Your entire diet consists of unremarkable weeds, poison ivy/oak/sumac, and the occasional poisonous flower blossom. But, this isn't just any garden, because its owner decided to plant a bunch of cucumbers this year. So, you're a rabbit. You live in a mostly dead garden. Your entire diet consists of raw cucumbers, unremarkable weeds, poison ivy/oak/sumac, and the occasional poisonous flower blossom. The best part is that every so often you get to munch on all of these things after they've been spritzed with an insecticide. Santal 33 by Le Labo.
I have belived I liked any kind of woody fragrance until I met Santal 33. This scent made me realize that there exsits some woody fragrance I don't like.
It's truely woody but not warm rather than cool, keen, sharp and bitter. I imagine pine needles in a small garden such as my Japanese gandfather's bonsai. No softness or sweetness at all.
What's more, this fragrance does't have any top, middle or last note. It won't change. All the same smell. I have some another Le Labo perfumes and I feel all of them will not change their note. 
It's not overpowering or pungent. It float quietly but for me not comfortably.
It's just unique.
I heard *so* much about this fragrance and reading all the descriptions, it sounded so up my alley. 

But "leather" as a note always seems to mean something different to people and I am not into this interpretation. Something about it smells briney to me and it only intensifies on wearing. Probably because I'm so sensitive to it, it's often the only note I sense after a few hours.
Ordered a tester because of the hype. Not impressed. Interesting at first but then just a lingering sharp pine scent. I can see how those who like green scents would be very intrigued. Not for me.

Genre: Woods

I didn’t think there was anything that could make me dislike sandalwood, but the fear and loathing inspired by the shrieking monstrosity of Le Labo’s sandalwood reconstruction just might do the trick. The name “Santal 33” alludes to 33 ingredients, but 32 of those are beaten into submission by a titanic brickbat of chemical “sandalwud” that has me opening the windows and bolting for the outdoors shortly after application. This stuff should come with a warning label. 

Santal 33 suffers especially for having been sampled alongside Dawn Spencer Hurwitz’s delightful Sandalo Inspiritu. The latter has been discontinued, no doubt because the true Mysore sandalwood at its heart is near-impossible to source. Smelling Santal 33 and Sandalo Inspiritu side by side demonstrates as well  as I can imagine the relative virtues of true Mysore sandalwood and its chemical surrogates. If it’s Australian sandalwood you crave (and I enjoy the stuff myself,) go for Maître Parfumeur et Gantier’s Santal Noble. Even in its reformulated guise, Santal Noble offers complexity, richness, and dignity that Le Labo comes nowhere near. 

I wanted to love this, but my opinion has been swayed by those around me. I don't think I've ever had so many comments - and unfortunately all negative.

"Where's that Pine-sol smell coming from?"
"Have you been lying on a dog bed? You smell like cedar."
"What were you wearing last night? It gave me a head-ache." (And that's after wearing it all day - longevity this has, I admit.)

The stark contrast to the other opinions here made me think that there was a problem with the bottle split I have... (Maybe I should buy sampler to verify.) 


