Burberry London follows closely in the footsteps of Remy Latour Cigar, trading the tropical fruit for spices. They're both, in current form, equally synthetic, though Latour Cigar boasts the better blend; Burberry London feels a bit thin throughout, and is really only diverting for its opening few minutes.

It's not terrible, but it's hard to recommend when there are so many better options in its lane.
Edit: Do not buy this anymore!
I am shocked and saddened at the moment.
This fragrance would be the closest thing that i have to a signature scent. I have just finished my original 2007 bottle and my new one has arrived and they are NOTHING alike. I wouldn't even call the new bottle a shadow of the original. It is watered down to the point of being unrecognizable. The stong port smell is gone. The deep dark spices, vanished. This now smells like a $5 cologne. The original put some of my EDPs to shame. How can perfumeries get away with this. I hope this review stops people from making the same mistake i just have. :(
I liken what they have done to this once top scent to bathing a picaso in paint thinners, it makes me sad.


A glass of port on the table.
A steaming warm spicy Christmas pudding in front of you.
A freshly cut Christmas tree in the corner of the room.
Your grandpa's freshly opened pouch of pipe tobacco sitting on the counter behind you.

Bottle the above and you have Burberry London.
It is not easy to get cinnamon right. Le male, one million and Burberry London all got it wrong. It is too much and overpowering. I cant stand any of these overpowering cinnamon perfumes. If you want to see how to do it right check out Comme des Garçons Parfum.
Unfortunate because otherwise London is a nice frag. And if you like powerful cinnamon go for it

A sharp, cloying, sweet green tobacco leaf pong that doesn't evolve much.  Atrocious.
London is all about the top notes, since it doesn't last more than an hour, and while I was initially impressed by them due to their uniqueness, after a few wears my opinion has changed.

On first spray London is a weird pine and vodka combination- strong and causing instant nostril-flare inducing. 

After a few minutes some cherry and lavender are introduced to the mix, creating a sweet/alcoholic/syrup with a wisp of nut/wood.

I know it's popular here, but I don't like it.
On paper, this looks like Autumn bottled.  Port wine, black pepper, leather, cinnamon leaves, tobacco, etc.  Then I sprayed some on.  Gigantic wine note, subtle black pepper, touch of cinnamon, and then...nothing.  All in the space of 30 minutes.  Sprayed some on my shirt and think it lasted 5 minutes (35 total for those keeping track) longer.  Unbelievably short-lived.  If Burberry ever put a longer lasting version, I'd be the first in line.  Until then, this one's a fail, epically so.  

3/10 

This is absolutely true about  Burberry London for Men. This lacks longevity and projection big time. After 2 hours it was long gone. Not worth the $$$$$. 
I thought it would be impossible to find a fragrance that projects less the D&G The One, but lo and behold Burberry London has proved me wrong.
I blind bought this fragrance after hearing all the good reviews about it and was extremely disappointed when I actually sprayed it. All I got from it was a very watery pine scent which hugs my skin after 10mins and a pwdery dry down with a hint of cherry, to be fair the dry down isnt bad but it just does not project on my skin at all and completely disappears completely after 2 hours. 

Im really disappointed with this buy and wouldn't buy it again.

My Score

Projection: 1/10
Longevity: 2/10
Fragrance: 5/10
Perhaps I got a bad decant or my skin chemistry is dysfunctional, but the way I experienced Burberry London was disappointing.  It was redolent of sulfur and sporty deodorant, petering out after two hours to a powdery base.  I guess it's fortunate that the the sillage and longevity are weak on this one.

I was looking for a cold weather fragrance and was recommended Burberry London. I like the smell of leather, tobacco leaf and cinnamon, so I had to give it a try.

The opening was sharp, spicy and borderline offensive. I didn't like it, but a lot of fragrances start out that way and calm down to something more pleasant. I wore two sprays of Burberry London around the mall. After about an hour, I just couldn't stand it anymore and had to wash it off. Very few fragrances do that to me, but Burberry London did.

Maybe it was because the mall was hot, stuffy and crowded, but I just couldn't handle Burberry London.

I can't give a complete review of London because I washed it off before I've fully experienced it, but one thing was for certain. I didn't like it.

I'm going to have to try Burberry London again in order to complete this review. Because of my unpleasant experience, I'll still have to give it a thumbs down, but I'll at least give it my highest thumbs down rating. I'll be back to add more to this review.

London gets a 3 out of 5. Subject to change, hopefully for the better.
The longer into the dry down, the more this reminded me of Sung Homme - and I hate Sung Homme.

This scent is pleasant to wear in the begining after application but the longevity is so short.  On me anyway, it lasts less than 1 hour.  Afterwards, it smells like a carpenter with perspiration odor.  Almost embarrassing!  If I want to smell this way all I need to do is work out at the gym for an hour.  I'd say it's a useless fragrance because it serves no purpose.....:"neither here nor there".

I am late on the bandwagon in sampling Angel. So I wanted to keep an open mind and give it a chance. And well.... I just can’t get my head around it. I find it strange, off putting, cheap and generic smelling. An odd mix of sweet and spicy notes. Doesn’t smell foody to me, nothing appetizing about this combination of foody notes. I am late in trying this scent, and perhaps if it hadn’t already been ruined by all of the imitations of it I might have felt differently. I smelled imitations of it before I realized I smelled imitations of it. So I’m afraid that for me Angel ends up smelling like a cheap imitation of itself. I found it unpleasant and nauseating. Had to wash it off. By the way, I do like Alien and Eau de Star by Mugler. But Angel is not for me. I would definitely not recommend Angel as a blind buy or gift due to its polarizing qualities. 
I loved Angel when it was brand new: I had never smelled anything like this sweet, fruity, caramel and chocolate creation! It was such a refreshing change from all the ozonic fragrances of the time, which followed the popularity of L'Eau D'Issey and Escape. After wearing it for about a year, I tired of it, and haven't worn it again until recently, when I suddenly decided to buy another bottle. Initially, I thought my new bottle of Angel smelled as it always did, but the more I have worn it, I have realised this fragrance has drastically reformulated. Though it is unmistakably Angel, it is not as sweet as it used to be, and the fruity notes seem more muted: the fragrance is heavier than it was, and now places far more emphasis on damp smelling patchouli and dark chocolate notes than the sugary chocolate-caramel of the original formulation (this damp patchouli and dark chocolate combination was taken to extremes in Givenchy's Very Irresistible For Men, which I always thought smelled like damp A*Men). This new formulation is unfortunately very inferior to the original! The bath and body products have clearly been reformulated too: they used to smell exactly like Angel Eau de Parfum, but now smell of heavy patchouli and fruity notes. The body creme was a particularly lovely product (originally in an elegant glass jar); even though it is still beautiful quality, it now has an overpoweringly strong fruit and patchouli scent, which I find very sickly (this version is sold in a rather over the top plastic "flying saucer" jar).
My thumbs down is for the current version of Angel; the original would definitely have got a thumbs up. I have, however discovered that Angel Etoile Des Reves, smells almost identical to Angel's original formulation, and is, for my tastes, far preferable the one available now.
Before Christmas 2017 I was going to order a sample of this online but decided against it.

Wise move!

Apparently, it has been added to the growing list of 're-formulated scents' whereby the people are being duped into buying something that is NOT like the original version.  For example, chocolate (for which Angel is/was famous) has been replaced by nutmeg, way back in June/July 2017.  In fact, in the original version there were 24 notes and that has now been replaced by only 12.  This has to be a cost-cutting exercise.  Why else would they do it?

This may explain why recent reviewers hate this scent as it's been re-formulated.
When this first came out I bought a bottle and wore it frequently. People would stop me and ask what I was wearing - it was that different from anything else available at the time. I eventually discovered Jo Malone fragrances and stopped wearing Angel. I now have an extensive fragrance wardrobe and wear a variety of scents. Fast forward - I decided to try Angel again. I cannot stand it now. I had to scrub it off, it was so obnoxious. I know that many people love it, but I just can’t take it. 
The most hideous fragrance I have ever experienced in my life. Dear lord, people pay for and wear this?
Angel came out around the time I decided that Chanel no. 5 was the one for me, so I pretty much hated this on principle. Testing it on my skin today, it seems I was right: I really do hate it. It's incredibly loud, incredibly sweet, and there is a funk in there that sets my teeth on edge. Now, mind you, I normally like a bit of funk: Salome's cuminey underpants? Count me in! The barnyard "butt" accord in Inverno Russo? Bring it on! But this I can't handle at all. It's like the smell of a wet, dirty dishrag that you pick up after it's been festering in the sun all day; a slightly rotting, sour smell that clings to your hands long after you've flung the filthy thing far away from you. The saccharine sweetness on top has the same effect as air freshener sprayed in a public bathroom; it only seems to enhance the stench. I do get why this was groundbreaking and all, and it's certainly not boring, so it has that going for it, but I'm honestly surprised this was such a commercial hit. I find it very unpleasant.
Each time I try Angel it brings vivid flashback of my youth wandering around the Victoria Secret store trying out the new VS perfumes of the 90's, the sweet, uber cloying candy-store scents that went by names such as 'Love Spell' or 'Dream Angels' or even early Bath and Body Works super syrupy scents.  To my then 20-something nose and lifestyle, yes, I wanted to smell like a candy factory.  

However, when I wear this and my kids come running thinking I've just opened a bag of Haribo and ask where I've hid the sweets in the house....I have no desire to smell like bags of Haribo candy. 
Angel opens sweet and earthy. After about 20 seconds a saltiness develops (almost salty sweaty skin, but a bit "cleaned-up")....and additionally becomes a little bit vegetal (carrot seed essential oil?). About 5 minutes in a bit of slightly sweet mint (spearmint?) and cocoa (bitter, not sweet) start to overtake the carrot seed. The "cleaned-up' salty sweaty skin is still pretty predominant. After about 20 minutes there's a little bit of vanilla bean and there is a very soft powder floral undercurrent about 1-2 hours after that. Angel stays with this very complex compilation through the rest of it's wear.

This was tested on dry skin in a warm, dry climate (in doors). Sillage is moderately strong at about 4-6 feet for the first two hours and then moderate to soft after that. Lasting power is about 6 - 8 hours.

This is an interesting amalgamation of notes. On me, it mostly smells "confused". Does it want to be a gourmand? intimately personal? challenging? perhaps a touch brash? It's all those things and I wasn't really enjoying that journey. However, I will say, I do appreciate it's complexity and uniqueness.
Angel is less shocking in the opening than Angel Men, but whereas Angel Men has some redemption in the base, Angel gets much worse as it develops, a cloying scrubber, and hard to wash off.
Angel smells exactly like Morning After Armpits. You know that semi-sweet, semi-sour, semi-BO smell... when your deodorant has all but given up. It's still trying to hang on for dear life, & quell that funky BO that's trying so hard to make it's presence known, but it doesn't quite make it. So you're left with that hot, used up, dirty pit smell.
Angel says "I could really use a shower!"

I've tried wearing this a couple of times & it just smells like dirty BO.

Rub your wrists on your hot, steamy, morning after armpits - you'll get the exact same results & it won't cost you anything.

If there were an intelligent species of alien who viewed us as mindless vermin, much as we view cockroaches, then the poisoned bait they'd strew across the planet in a desperate attempt to exterminate us would doubtless smell very much like Angel.

---

I don't much care for it when people talk about being nauseated by fragrances (unless they really do mean that it causes a literal physical reaction in them, like a migraine or an allergic response). Saying that something smells so bad that it makes you sick...it just seems a little tactless to me, you know? I mean, you're basically telling people who like and wear the fragrance that you think they smell gross. It's just not very polite.

So please understand that when I say that Angel turns my stomach, I am not using that phrase as a shorthand for claiming that I think it smells bad (or that you smell bad while wearing it). On the contrary, Angel smells...well, it smells both good *and* bad to me, both tasty and inedible, and that's the combination that causes all the trouble. It's that particular combination of edible/poisonous that triggers nausea in me, as if it causes some primal part of my lizard brain to wake up and start screaming in alarm. It's a combination that doesn't register so much as offensive or "icky" to me as it does as actively *dangerous,* because that combination of "Yummy...oh, no, but wait--" is the sign of food gone bad, a warning of incipient food poisoning. Or even worse, perhaps it's the smell of deliberate *bait.* It's the evil witch's gingerbread house, the sweetness down the gullet of the Venus Flytrap, the urban legend's Halloween apples with razor blades hidden inside of them. It's an Admiral Akhbar sort of thing: one whiff, and every nerve in my body starts screaming "No, don't go near it! It's a TRAAAAAAP!" It's tainted candy, poisoned honey, chocolate laced with arsenic. If there's amber here, then we are the flies.

Angel is to me what I imagine a delicious-looking wriggling worm with a barbed hook sticking through it might be to a sapient fish. Uhhh, yeah. You guys can have that one all to yourselves, thanks. I...I really wasn't hungry anyway.
Got a sample vial for reasons of sick curiosity.  

Roughly the same experience as when a cat gorges itself on cupcakes and Cadbury Caramello then horks it all up on your pillow.
Migraine in a star-shaped bottle.

What on earth is that?

I cannot distinguish the notes. They seem squished together like sardines and I'm pretty sure they are angry with me.

Why did the bottle need to look like something reminiscent of decor belonging to Studio 54? Am I missing something? Is there a reference I'm supposed to be getting? 

Ouch. The migraine is real.

Fail.
I really cannot bring myself to like--or even tolerate--this perfume.  I will never forget the first time I smelled it--I was with a very attractive, well to do woman (a client of mine) and after a long meeting we all went on to dinner and while we were getting ready to go, she put on lipstick, brushed her hair and sprayed on some perfume.  All charming, feminine gestures, except.....  When she sprayed on Angel, everyone around the table did a double take--shock, horror, wrinkled noses, watering eyes, the whole lot.  I SERIOUSLY thought that she had put on Raid insect killer by mistake--the smell was identical. It makes sense that I would not like it as I do not care for gourmand scents and do not like/am allergic to chocolate.  But Raid?  Really?  Does anyone like that smell?  The kicker is that after the dinner, we both flew home together on a very small plane and even in the drydown--which is better--all I could think of is pest control.  In all fairness, I did once buy this for a secretary I had as a parting gift--she never wore it in the office, thank God, but had mentioned always wanting a bottle and as she was moving to another town, I thought, why not?  I also thought, why? 
Definitely a gourmand. Some clashing, fruity top notes can be detected up close but are buried within seconds under a load of artificially flavoured diet caramel custard. Nothing subtle or even chocolatey about this caramel & vanilla scent.
I got sprayed with this by a sales associate who swore this was the closest thing to smelling what angels wore when they have an appointment with THE BOSS.
Silly, gullible, me. I discovered that stupid mistakes can be made even in the "safest" places.

This fragrance is not cheap, simple, or unintelligent. And I could detect some wonderful things in there. I absolutely adore patchouli (right after the fleeting camphor is gone). And I also love resinous smells. There's also something earthy in there. You may think I'm strange, but I also love earthy smells. And those are very prominent in Angel's formulation.

The problem was that I had to overcome my revulsion for what covered the good stuff: a monstrous rotten-sweet breath from hell. Along with that, superlative perversion: there seemed to be some flowers in there - rotting in hell. This perfume is certainly an angel, a fallen angel. I believe you call that a demon. Unfortunately, no church on earth has ever appointed an exorcist that specializes in perfumes.

Have you ever noticed that some of the most horrifying smells in the world are actually very sweet? Super ripe trash can with syrup? Well they managed to bottle just that in there. It seemed tailored to repel, then attract, then repel... until I ran away, confused and quite scared. I had NEVER (until I met Kouros) smelled something so vile coming from a perfume (!?) bottle.

Why scared? I wondered if my mind was REALLY playing nasty tricks on me. It was not. I was forced to fully "enjoy" it because it lasted the whole day on my arm. I did try to wash it out, but it had already adhered to my shirt sleeve. AND there was no soap in the public restroom that I visited. Mere water, along with some desperate rubbing, did not work at all. It did make the "Angel" extend its awesome power to my right hand. Touched, and marked, by EVIL.

Actually, I have used and enjoyed those cheap fragrance oil knockoffs that are available in shopping malls, Indian stores, and street corners. They contain most of the good stuff that Angel hides under its demonic (but not nicely sulphuric) stench. Whoever makes those, can certainly recognize a bad thing when they smell it.

 I was so intrigued upon hearing about this scent.  With a name like Angel, I envisioned a heavenly, spiritual scent, and it is anything but!  This scent is strong and overpowering and muddled, so much so I had a hard time distinguishing any real notes.  The best way I can describe it is like an artist coloring with every color in his pallet until it becomes muddy with no distinct color. " Angel like" it is not.  When a perfume leaves you feeling choked up and queasy it is definitely not for you.
 With that said I realize my taste in perfume is much different than a lot of people and I can see how this scent could appeal to others...Thierry Mugler thinks way outside the perfumers box and I appreciate that, it's refreshing but for me his scents are so far out there, they are unreachable to me and my tastes.  I love his ingenuity though, I think it's revolutionary.
 I can tolerate Alien and Womanity, but again, too much for me. My daughter took my Alien and loved it at first but had to roll the window down later just to breathe out of its aura.
 In summation, these are very adult pungent scents that command attention, albeit the right attention is for you to decide.
I agree with the previous post...Angel is unforgettable in a BAD way!  It is overpowering, aggressive, in your face foul and I have yet to smell anything worse...well, there is still Shalimar but that's not the point. Angel smells like a dirty, trashy woman to me, no offense to those who like it, it smells like an unshowered woman that sprayed perfume on to kill the funk rather than bathe! It is sweet, rancid and just nasty smelling.  I have not and will not try it on, I am afraid; and every woman I smell wearing it offends my sense of smell.

I do not like Angel!
I thought I was ready to experience this classic. Gourmand orientals are probably my favorite genre and I'm really into fragrances with character and depth. That said, this is the first fragrance I've tried that made me want to scrub it off my wrist immediately. I fought the impulse and tried to give it some time but I couldn't go longer than 20 minutes. 

My first impression was vile. Angel is so sweet it smells dirty. It made me feel sticky and in need of a shower. It smelled like I had my face against a dirty wooden floor after a 4 year old birthday party, in which the raspberry popsicles and vanilla ice cream were a hit, got out of hand and ended in a mess of sticky-faced, noise-picking, obnoxious children. Also brought this imagery of a landfill for popsicle sticks. 

It shrieks. I tried to ignore it while browsing the rest of the store, hoping that it would simmer down and reward my patience with something pleasant smelling. But I felt like I was being followed by a banshee. 

I do have to give Angel credit for being so salient and uncanny. It evokes memories of my past nightmares. The scent is permanently branded into my memory as a synesthetic image. The main notes I could detect were raspberry, an overdose of patchouli, and a smidge of vanilla. All scents that should be agreeable, but somehow the combination is raunchy and undeniably unforgettable. 
When I tried this, all I got was chocolate-caramel sticky sweet sickening cake batter with a whalloping double dose of vanilla.  Makes me think of eating Nestle's Quick out of the can as a child.     

Oh Angel, how I wanted to love you...but you hate me....

I have tried this fragrance twice on the strength of the positive recommendations from this (and other) forum(s) and twice I've had an absolutely horrific experience. The first time I tried Angel (in a major department store) it smelled so bad the sales girl literally towed me to a make up removal station and tried to scrub it from my arm. My four year old son made the "yuck" face and refused to stand on that side of my body.

Why go back the second time? I thought, "this can't be right...everybody says Angel is divine...maybe that first bottle had turned." Oh no. I am convinced Angel HATES my body chemistry. The second time smelled exactly the same but this time the sales person at the perfume counter tried to tell me it was lovely as she(unsuccessfully) tried not to make the "yuck" face herself. (Side note: Don't lie to us salespeople...we CAN smell ourselves.)

So what did Angel smell like on me? No disrespect intended to those of you who wear Angel, but on me it smelled like rancid fruit. I also got a note of something that smelled like rotting meat. On others- chocolate, on me- rotting things. Another cautionary tale about the importance of body chemistry. So a one overall but a five for longevity. Why? Because it smelled revolting for about 15 hours even after all attempts to remove it/cover it up with something else/shower.

On a side note...none of the Mugler fragrances smell as they are "supposed" to on me and I am now really curious about it. Angel and Alien really smell repulsive on me but lovely on others. Womanity smells good but not the way it was intended. Anybody have ideas about why these Mugler fragrances would behave this way on me when no others do?
Oh wow...this was a fragrance I didn't want to last on my skin! I couldn't believe it. So, many love it. It sounds like a fragrance I would love. But, on me, everything meshed together into one big bad sweet smell of ick.
When I first smelled this I liked it. But, when I sampled it there was something there, just beyond the sweetness that reminded me of a sweating hot dog vendor in mid-summer.  Tried it three times and couldn't get past that smell. 
I am sure that all the devils in hell wear Angel, Samsara, Youth Dew and all the other loud and cheap fragrances.  Angel is so disgustingly sweet and strong it gives me a headache and makes me feel sick to my stomach whenever I am too close to a woman who is wearing it.  I just can't understand how such an awful stench could become so popular.  Why on earth would anyone want to smell like a dessert cart on steroids?
I definitely need to try this one on again as so far my experience of this is more akin to Angel of Death than something heavenly. I remember sniffing it in Liberty's in London one winter in the 90s - and absolutely loving it. Then everyone started wearing it. In high quantities, in crowded tubes in summer and smoke filled clubs with poor ventilation at nightime and I hated it.

A friend wears this as her signature scent so it is tolerable (prob cos she's an angel herself) but I still can't help but feel choked whenever I try it on again in a shop and try to recapture that first sniff. 

Smells like death by candy floss in an overheated elevator to me and I would never inflict this on other people in the dog days of summer - unless I didn't like them. Chokingly sweet, overbearing, totally unsexy and impossible to wear lightly IMO. Yuck!
Oh dear, what can I say about Angel. I was apprehensive about getting this, especially as it was a blind buy but at the price I got it for I couldn't complain. I loved the sound of the sweet, chocolate notes, plus I thought it's reputation would speak for itself.

I'm not adverse to saccharine sweet fragrances, but I didn't find Angel toothache inducing - more HEADACHE inducing. My temples start pounding before the drydown. I know that Angel is regarded as the queen of gourmands but it doesn't make my mouth water at all - what berries, chocolate, caramel, vanilla??? Maybe a bit of chocolate, but after a while all I get is unrelenting stubborn PATCHOULI! I was expecting something a bit more "tasty", and I was disappointed.

I can actually imagine this as a car air freshener, and that's not something a woman should smell of.

Angel is a very unique fragrance, I can't deny it, but it's far too strong and sharp for me and my sensitive migraneous head.
Everyone can dislike or like this fragrance, but one thing is certain: Angel Is UNIQUE and different.

I fall in love with A*men (the male version) some years ago, and i never try angel until yesterday.

What can I say? Maybe many diferents notes for one scent?

The male version has many differents notes too, but in A*man the notes of Mint, Coffee, Patchouli, milk and caramel have some direction. Making A*man more Warm and Gourmand.

I think Angel fails in this aspect because is a extremely strong spicy Fragrance, there isn't a note that temper the others, so the first 15 minutes is unbearable, Who the hell can wears this?? I never could and I like spices, but this is too much!

Vanilla? this smells anything but Vanilla, i think this is more like an oriental Spicy.

There is something good about angel and I think it is the drydown, this part smells very similar to the male version, maybe now I can smell some vanilla, but this happens after four hours of been wearing this scent! It's just a pity!

I can see Coco chanel saying: Woman's need to smells like Woman, not like a strong Spicy Dark Chocolate.

My gran wears this, bless her . She's diabetic and loves mirangues. It smells like diabetes would if it had a smell. 
Angel” is the scent of powdered sugar, the inside of an aluminum orange soda can, patchouli, and raving rabid homicidal bee froth. It is the fragrance the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse would wear if the Four Horsemen were War, Pestilence, Death, and Tooth Decay. It is the scent of a terrible emergency, and no one should ever smell it. I need to borrow several thumbs down to fully rate this.
no need to buy it. To recreate Angel go to a bar and tip a pina colada down your front. Cheaper and more fun.

One of the most disgusting things out there... Chanel No.5 with it's huge dose of civet, giving any girl or woman wearing it a cat pee smell. 

It probably somehow triggers a pleasant, primal feeling though judging by its fanbase. 

I can only assume this is related to the wearer getting a feeling of being able to 'mark her territory' in modern day society. And also being able to stand out from the crowd, albeit in a bad way.
Absolutely horrible. 

Chanel No5 is the most overrated awful perfume on the market. It couldn't get worse. Being exposed to this fragrance is equal to a violent attack. It's crude, loud, repellent, foul and completely unsophisticated. It's designed by a perfumer with no sense of smell, no refinement of any sort. The only imagination Chanel No5 can conjure is that of a worn-out Parisian brothel filled with workers long past their due date.

The bottle is beautiful though and the only reason it sells.
I really wanted to like this.  I tried it several times and to no avail.  It just doesn't smell good on me.  Unfortunately instead of getting the florals in the heart notes or the woods, amber, vanilla etc in the base, I just get a big ole dose of Civet that shines through and trust me, it is not a pleasant scent.  I wanted to like and wear it because it reminded me of my mother, but it doesn't smell on me the way it did on her.  I am going to have to give this away to someone and hope it smells good on them.  


That body chemistry should differ greatly from one individual to another should come as no surprise.
But after reading so many reviews - not just here, of course - praising or lamenting, whatever the case may be, this perfume's "greenness" or "freshness" I have no choice but to conclude that some noses are from Mars and others from Pluto. (Even though "sex symbols" have been traditionally used it in its marketing, I could not bring myself to associate it with Venus.)

To my nose, there is more "greenness" and "freshness" in a whiff of olive oil (or any oil, for that matter) - and I am not exaggerating for comic purposes. 
It is not an entirely off-the-cuff simile, either, because that's what Nro 5 reminds me of spontaneously: of an almost solid greasy substance, reminiscent of a lump of lard,  in which a  cloyingly sweet flower scent drowned a while ago, dying an agonising death, and has been decomposing ever since. (I suppose it is the precisely the hint of organic decomposition, a common impression conveyed by Bulgarian rose, not to mention civet etc., that makes it so appealing to others.)

To make matters worse, there is its famous longevity. It jumps you as you walk by and then clings to you, come hell or high water. (Literally: every time I had tried to give it a chance, from different bottles, no amount of water and scrubbing could  get it off, not completely. It may not be a coincidence that each time I was also overcome by a powerful headache and faint nausea.)

In case anyone is wondering about my skin type (which is relevant, of course): it is on the dry side (not overly so), the kind with almost invisible pores, that rarely sweats. My sweat often smells honey-like. Even acidulous scents turn sweet(ish) on my skin.

On others, it fares no better, as far as my nose is concerned. It's greasy, dull, cloying and utterly uninteresting. Worse: due to its over-marketing, now it has the unpleasant added effect of branding the wearer with an aura of conventionality in my eyes. As much as I try to fight the thought (and I really do try hard), my first impression of a Nro 5 wearer is that she is a lady who is easily swayed by advertising and possibly cares a LOT about other people's opinions.

As a serious collector and perfume lover, I know all about this perfume's history, and I couldn't care less about its historical value, except in the context of, well, the history of perfume. Wearing it for its historical value would be tantamount to wearing a 1906 bathing suit because it was oh-so-modern in its day.

Interestingly enough, this is the only Chanel that I hate. There are a few that I am indifferent to, and two or three that I positively love and wear.



So disappointed with this one. I purchased it without first trying on a sample, going simply by all the rave reviews out there and its classic stature. Too powdery, and despite having the EDP, it did not last well on me either. Just shows how subjective this world of fragrances is :)
As a perfume fanatic, I thought I ought to own it. But I didn't wear it. Occasionally I would spray a little onto my wrist and sniff it on and off over an evening at home. To me No.5 is a bit like going to a gallery and looking at a painting you find ugly but it just sold for $100m so you think you should admire it without really understanding why. I had EDT.

My mother was a great fan of No.5 (also Mitsouko and Joy), but although I grew to love the others I have never been comfortable with No.5, it may be a masterpiece & one of the Greatest Fragrances of All Time but it will never be part of my wardrobe.I have always found the brilliance and strength of the aldehydes like an 'icepick between the eyes', as Luca Turin said of some fragrance he didn't like.  Maybe I'm hyperosmic to aldehydes, as I react in a similar way to other fragrances that have a high aldehyde content (I even find the top note of  31 Rue Cambon a bit headache-inducing, although the drydown is fine) but whatever the reason this one is not for me.
I recently gave Chanel #5 a sniff at the local department store. I had high hopes for this because I know how Chanel #5 is regarded. As soon as I sniffed it I became really disappointed because it smelled like an old lady. Chanel Coco Mademoiselle smells really great but this one (Chanel #5) is just horrible. I can't imagine any modern/young lady wearing this stuff let alone paying the retail for it. I rate this one a 2. Even White Diamonds smell better then this.
Oh my. I don't know what it is about this perfume.. maybe the aldehydes paired with roses but I can't handle this smell. I know it is classic and I wanted to like it. But every time I smell this, it reminds me of an "old lady". Not classy, just old.So overpowering sweet and aldehydic, just nauseating to me. As much as I adore Coco M, I am complete polar opposite to No 5.

I really don't know how this managed to be this elevated gem, this oh so celebrated equivalent of class and all things beatutiful and high culture.It REEKS of old people and urine. This is the smell that lingers on crazy cat ladies when they go to but their cats' canned food. Maybe it's the aldehydes, i don't know, but it assaults my nose so rudely and even leaves sour aftertaste in my mouth, just from smelling it.This is so vile and offensive and suffocating even the smallest drop will sink into you, your clothes, your furniture, your car and everyone around you too, for good measure, and will stay there for several days. If you like this, by all means be my guest. Just don't come near me.
I sooo wanted to like this perfume but unfortunately it's way too plastic and synthetic smelling for me. It reminds me of the smell of old plastic lawn chairs left out in the sun too long. The flowery notes are too brief and I can not detect any woodiness at all.
All I can smell is bug spray.  Like the exterminator was just here.  For four hours straight, in the pure parfum concentration.  Please don't let this stop you from trying from trying this classic scent.  But if you do smell bug spray or any other weirdness, try Guerlain's Liu.  It's a beautiful floral aldehyde that's not from the House of Chanel.  Not that I'm hating!  Cuir de Russie is beautiful.  Just not No. 5.  Not to me, anyway.

This scent inspired me to begin my journey as a fragrance enthusiast, so I can't turn against it completely, but I've fallen out of love with it and would no longer recommend it. It now seems unpleasantly thick and waxy in a "scented candle"-y sort of way, with the best elements of the composition tucked away beneath the vanilla.

In 2007 it was undeniably original, a bold evolution of the gourmand tobacco that had evolved over the prior five or six years into a strong market presence. In the ensuing decade, it spawned countless descendants, many of which bested it by building compositions with more clarity and structure and intrigue.
Quite disappointed with this PRODUCT, which was quite expensive.

The smell is simply unpleasant...  Objectively, it's unpleasant.  This is not a preference so much as the Formulation should not be worn by people.

I sense that the 'Tom Ford' name sucks customers into buying things such as this.  Count me as someone who is regretful.  I left it for the Hotel Cleaning staff when I checked out of a stay in London.

I find this nauseating. The sweetness comes over very synthetic to me (that doesn't mean it is). Tobacco Vanille tries to be inoffensive, mainstream. I wouldn't downvote for that. But after wearing this for an hour or so, I cannot stand it anymore - too linear, too sweet, too synthetic (for lack of a better word). Try Amouage Journey if you like Tobacco.
You're a Vape Bro and you favor gingerbread cookie flavored vape juice.  

I went to Neiman Marcus to put a couple sprays on to try it. On my drive home, I thought it smelled very feminine and I had mistakenly put on a perfume. The vanilla note is very prevalent and as a result, is a sweet scent. I am a fan of sweet smells, but not this one. 

Too girly for me. 
Surprisingly bad. I was excited for a sweeter tobacco but all I get is a too-sweet vanilla. 

I must be getting some of the spices because, when all is said and done, this reminds me of eggnog. So sad.
Don't get it. This sucks. Soaking tobacco leaves in vanilla would probably smell better. Maybe it is the chocolate note that does it for me. 
Probably The Most Overrated Fragrances I Have Ever Had!  Just got my bottle of TV from Bergdorf Goodman's, along with Roja Dove and By Killian's.  I Have Many Creeds, By Kilian's, Krigler, Clive Christian and Roja Dove.  Tom Ford and The Clive Christian 1872 Are By Far The Worst Scents I Have Purchased in the Last 8-10 Years.  However, TV does project very well and lasts a very long time.  On the other hand, I just received my First Roja Dove, Sweetie Aoud, One of The Best Scents I Ever Smelled, but doesn't last very long!!  Don't know if there is a Perfect Scent, but Roja Dove Is Pretty Close!!!!!

starts with an incredible tobacco scent then goes horribly sweet ends up vanillaThis is one of the most wonderfully opening masculine scents in my opinion ! so intense , very clear tobacco. i almost rush to buy the bottle but as i tested it the vanilla became stronger until it was so cloying i actually felt nauseous. Its so sad that the vanilla is just too over  powering and horrible horribly sweet in my opinion. It projects well with great silage but honestly it ends up smelling of artificial vanilla custard powder. if this was reformulated to be less of a sledgehammer it would be a masterpiecePros: incredible opening of tobaccoCons: really really horrible after about 2 hours. "

I don't get this scent. I almost feel sick when I smell this. Tried to give it away, but no one seemed to like it.
Where do I start with this? First let me say that I'm a big fan of Tom Ford fragrances and I'd been looking forward to trying this for a while. Well yesterday I found myself in Harvey Nichols in Leeds and so I gave it a go.

I'll leave it up to those with much more experience to describe exactly what notes are detectable and how they develop, but what I will say is that I found it awful to the point of being offensive. My girlfriend agreed and even made me get straight in the shower to scrub it off when we got home!

I'm just starting out trying new fragrances whilst I build my collection and I understand that Tom Ford can be a little 'out there' with his private blends. That said, I can't ever imagine it to be socially acceptable to smell like this. I've read the positive reviews with interest and am surprised to see that there's a lot of love for this on here so I guess it's a case of love it or hate it, but I will advise people to try this one before you buy!

Caraway and play-doh heliotrope. I couldn't stand this on my skin. There is a weirdness to this note that isn't appealing at all. There is a fragrance beneath this that speaks of sophistication, though it is drowned out by play-doh, a heliotrope synthesis gone bad I suppose. But really, the formulation itself also comes across with a synthetic glamour and a certain obviousness. 
It might work great on someone in their 20's, as long as that play-doh note doesn't arise. I remember that time in my life - I loved an air of sophistication, without knowing what the hell that was. I wanted something that smelled good to me, and fit in with what my friends wore. It didn't go much beyond that and I wasn't looking for complexity then.
But really, what went wrong with this one on me was that caraway/play-doh note.
Woody Oriental

Hypnotic Poison is one of those fragrances that dispense with the top notes and skip right ahead into their main corpus. And what a corpulent body this one is! 

Hypnotic Poison pops out of the bottle as a thick, dark, velvety gourmand with a prominent fuzzy-sweet woody base. Cocoa powder and coconut blend with a buttery vanilla to make a milk chocolate fudge of an accord. If you took A*Men and stripped it of its discordant camphor and patchouli, or pried the licorice out of Lolita Lempicka au Masculin, you’d probably wind up with something very close to Hypnotic Poison. There is a twofold implication to this likeness: first, Hypnotic Poison is very much a unisex perfume, and second, it’s a lot less complex and interesting than its masculine precursors. (One of which, by the way, was composed by the same perfumer.) In fact, without much by way of florals, citrus, fruit, or spice to temper its central gourmand accord, Hypnotic Poison comes across as unrelievedly dense and ponderous. It’s probably good if you like this sort of thing to begin with, but since I don’t I’m not an adequate judge. 

A very light watery almond scent - I get none of the other notes. This is one of those so airy non-scents that it adds up to nonsense.

I had high hopes for this fragrance, but on me it's terrible. Opens with a faint anise-like smell I attribute to allspice and then becomes something weirdly unpleasant...perhaps the allspice with fruit. Whatever it is, it comes off as leather + rubber to my nose and is nauseating. This lasts for quite a while before HP gets to its drydown, which is mostly sweet vanilla with some bitter almond cutting through and a touch of musk/spice from the sandalwood. The drydown is enjoyable, but not enough to offset the nose-wrinkling middle notes. 
I don't like hp. I received it as a present and wore it in winter. It doesn't make me feel special or feminine, it doesn't add any charme to me. And this is what I want from a parfume. But hp just gives me headache. I know many friends had the same problem. Another thing that strikes me about hp is that there are a lot of cheap copies of it. It is veeery easy to copy hp, and apart for the longevity these copies are very similar to the original!

I have only tried Hypnotic Poison three times, and each time it has given me an instant migraine. On me it turns into a very sickly chocolate ice cream type smell.Needless to say, it's a fragrance I now steer clear of!

Let the hypnosis to the wizards, please. This woody-oriental, bitter-sweet blend of almond and coconut, very addictive for many young women all over the world, reminds me a bit Heliothope Etro (far, far better appointed and with a right level of sweetness) resulting nevertheless to my profane nose too much sweetly flavoured by vanilla, too much pretentiously glamour, too cloying, too exaggeratedly gourmand, be lacking that ethereal and mysterious delicacy towards which this kind of fragrances would have to aim in order to be valued appreciable. The caraway provides projection, a bit of dissonance, and dustiness. Being lacking boldness and naughtiness, not proper to gourmand fragrances in my opinion, being lacking of evocative power and failing, despite the jasmine sambac, the attempt to catch the train of glamour and chic, what is left for us is a bowl of coconutty sugar, a vanilla pudding or a stand of sweets standing in a popular religious mediterranean feast. To be worn sparingly because of its atomic projection. Not for my taste.
I love the idea of this scent, a dry and spicy top with heated woods and sweet spices hitting immediately, warming a feminine jasmine and oakmoss heart.First whiff from the bottle I thought "Wow", but had not finished that word in my mind when I realized I did not want this on me. But finally I gave it a chance on the skin.It fails completely and utterly. The synthetic and harsh woods collide with an overwhelmingly sickly sweetness and the result is offensive, flat and uninteresting. Hypnotic Poison is like a cheap copy of a perfume I would very much like to try. Since then I've smelled it on hoards of women and sadly the impression is always the same, it doesn't seem to adapt any wearer. 

Burberry for Women is a warm, slightly sweet fragrance. It seems to meld luxuriously with your skin and I can understand why some people describe this as a classy, sexy fragrance or sprinkle the word 'cashmere' around as a reference - but I just don't like it. There is a men's Lynx (Axe in the US) deodorant that smells exactly like this - I think it's the Africa one, but I'm not exactly sure. I've always hated it - a sourness over sugar discord. Admittedly, Burberry for Women is a nicer, smoother, more luxurious version of it, but when you smell like cheap male deodorant, you smell like cheap male deodorant.
I made a blind buy of a bottle called Burberry London--from before it was re-named just "Burberry." Feels like I'm wearing a completely different scent from the notes described above. I don't get lavender, bergamot, or mint, as listed in the notes. I get something creamy, sort of fruity (peach?) that has a sweet almost root beer or cotton candy tinge to it. And a very faint edge of something weird--if I were more knowledgeable about perfume, perhaps I could name it. It's like an almost fleshy scent, like the inside of your nose. Like fresh meat inside plastic. Is that strange? I want to say I like this perfume, but I can't, because of this strange thing I detect.  I'll try it again, and see if it grows on me. 
Another headache inducing fragrance for me. It seem to be a popular choice around here in Asia, so I give it a try. Bad pick for a Sunday night testing as I gotta work tomorrow and right now I feel so dizzy. The opening of heady, sickly sweet notes hit me like a ton of bricks. Then comes something green and bitter, so bitter I still can feel it in my mouth. I don't recall if I have smelled this on a person. It's just not for me. 
Thi perfume seems to be invisible on me.  I am now using it to spray in the bedroom.  It doesn't last very long at all.  I have taken to Lolita Lempicka instead--a scent you can actually smell.
I bought this early on in my addiction, and really wanted to love it.  Sadly, there is a lingering smell of soap in it to me.  If you remember the way that bubble-blowing liquid soap solutions smells, that is what I'm talking about.  The other notes smell nice, and it seems to be well made.
The musk in this perfume is so disgusting and its so powerful I can't even take it off even after showering myself. 

This starts off with a whiff of watery fruit - not sweet I might add, but a rich and slightly sour pomegranate/plum with a somewhat medicinal spice hovering in the background. Within 15 minutes the fruit dissipated and the spice made a huge and melodramatic entrance. That makes it sound very exciting, doesn't it? Well unfortunately the warm medicinal spice smells like embrocation on me - a smell I do actually enjoy, but I would never consider wearing it deliberately. Too many associations with sprained ankles, sore backs and other injuries. It does have quite a kick - this is not a skin scent and despite giving my wrist a good hard scrub it remained firmly in place several hours later when the ghost of that fruity opening reappeared, this time in rather sickly fashion. The extreme drydown is mentholated patchouli. I don't know if my skin ruined this fragrance or if I just don't like it, so I'll give it a neutral to be diplomatic. *Edit* One night, two showers and several fits of frantic scrubbing and I still smell quite strongly of embrocation. Just when I think it's worn off, I suddenly become redolent of eau de sports-injury all over again. I could get a similar effect by smearing myself in Tiger Balm, plus Tiger Balm is considerably cheaper and genuinely medicinal. To hell with diplomacy, this one's a scrubber.
When I first put this on, I could distinctly smell the pomegranate, and a woody note. It was okay, but very weak, and then it was gone. Many scents don't last long on me, but this one disappears almost immediately.
I sprayed while getting dressed this morning, and at first picked out some fruit and a very soft patchouli. I thought to myself, this one might be a Jo Malone that I actually like. 

Then about 10 min in it started to change. I got a distint impression of Noxema from the 70's. Is that menthol? Camphor? Eucalyptas? Regardless, I took my son to kindergarten today feeling like those around me thought I may have some skin condition I was medicating. 

So now I am about an hour and a half in, and though that medicated smell is still half present, the fruit is kind of starting to peek through. All in all it's not an unpleasant smell, but not one I want to smell like. I have tried a few Jo malone's and as of yet I don't understand the hype or the hefty price tag. 


'Crikey, there's one helluva stench of Ajax or Vim in here' exclaimed my new best friend. And the scales fell from my eyes. Having no wish to smell like someone who cleans their own bath ( even though this is the case), I no longer wear this scent.
I've never been quite sure about Jo Malone fragrances - I can appreciate Lime, Basil & Mandarin whilst not wanting to wear it myself, whilst Red Roses would be a wonderful parfum d'ambience (pity they don't do a candle yet) so I wandered into one of her shops to try a few of the others, PN was recommended by a friend so I started there. The shops themselves are a hedonistic delight; cool clean decor, elegant packaging, and always a lovely scented candle in the background - mmm, maybe that's not such a bright idea when you're trying to choose a fragrance - however PN wasn't bad, so I put a spritz of that on one wrist and another of French Lime Blossom on the other and carried on down Bond St. Half an hour later PN was doing OK, a bit fruity & not as elegant as I had expected from the description but I was willing to give it a B+, probably not for me but I didn't think I would give it a thumbs-down. By the end of the afternoon I was desperate to get back home & have a shower.This is probably the ideal perfume if you need to diet (it certainly put me off my food) or need to keep the rest of the world at bay. The drydown is superb (if you really want to smell like that) but the sour, overripe fruity, sweaty smell was definitely the stuff of dreams - remember some of your dreams?
I envisioned a holiday-type scent, vibrant and sparkling, but all I can get out of this concoction is patchouli (which I abhor) and so this is a scrubber for me as well.  
This was my sister's siganture perfume till I got her Honeysuckle and Jasmine..why ? - because honestly this smells firstly like tart fruit and then later -  sour fruit and sour sweat in a combo . The longevity is quite impressive so eau de fruit-sweat followed my sister everywhere.  Truly dire stuff. 
An overpowering potpourri fragrance. For a short while I actually didnt mind this fragrance, when there were only a few beings wearing it, now I cant go anywhere without my nasal passage being assaulted by this clawing raspberry, pomegranate and pepper scent. This is the kind of 'room scent' I imagine witches would use to camouflage the smell of rotten frogs legs. It gives off hues of auburn and earthy reds in the imagination. This said I imagine the candle form of this fragrance would be lovely during the festive season. If it weren't for the elitist image of Jo Malone this fragrance would die a very quick death, or at least I hope it would. For a well blended pomegranate fragrance try Annick Goutal Quel Amour or Dior's Addict 2.
I feel like an ignoramus from a different planet when I read most of the reviews of this fragrance.  (But as far as I know only the first part is true.)  For me Pomegranate Noir is truly awful!  JM categorises it as a “fruity” fragrance and if I am very quick there is a nondescript fruity smell initially – though not resembling any pomegranate I have ever known.  But that is entirely irrelevant as it is completely overwhelmed by a dreadful, chemical pong sickeningly reminiscent of industrial strength antiseptic.  To make matters worse it’s the type of smell that gets stuck in your nose and feels as if it has bound itself to your nasal mucous.  And it lasts!  And lasts and lasts.  It is still evident after 24 hours and doesn't wash off easily.  I thought that maybe I just didn’t “get it” until my partner complained about the stench and begged me not to wear it again.  I bought it as part of the combining coffret and have tried combining it without success; that overwhelming chemical odour just overpowers everything.  We’re trying it as a toilet spray in our guest loo now at the risk of making out guests gag.  Let’s see what reaction it gets...  Update: What fresh hell is this?!  Someone has sprayed this in the vicinity of the downstairs loo.  It is now 7 hours later and the noxious smell still lingers in a pernicious pall.  That's it: I will have to trash this.  But am not sure how - it must surely constitute a chemical hazard! 

Jo Malone Pomegranate Noir EDCNotes: raspberry, plum, pink pepper, pomegranate, patchouli, frankincense, spicy woods (from jomalone.com)I have smelled pomegranates before--fruit, seed, juice and also oil pressed from the seeds.  None of what I have smelled from real pomegranate smells like Pomegranate Noir.  What I do smell is a very heavy spicy accord of cinnamon, clove, cardamom and cedar wood.  If there is any fruit here, it is completely overwhelmed.  The fragrance is not really dark as in "noir", but it is rather heavy compared to many other Jo Malone fragrances, and it is a bit sickening due to its poorly judged proportion of spice. In other words, PN lacks complexity, deftness and balance.  Despite the heavy spice accord and woody notes, there is no real substance to speak of.  If hamster cages were lined with cinnamon along with the typical cedar shavings, this is what it would smell like.  It is a scrubber.  
Hmm. Was dying to try this as have heard so much raving about it. Disappointingly spicy, cheap and jarring to my nose. Can't see what all the fuss is about, big thumbs down.
I'm not saying it isn't an attractive (though strong) scent, I just can't imagine *wearing* it -- to me, it smells like a very nice, very expensive holiday candle. Or other room scent. With the subtle undertones of Vick Vap-O-Rub. It's just too aggressively fruity and camphor-like for a personal scent; it's like wearing potpourri. And actually, the camphor notes are starting to make me think of cleaning products -- a luxe riff on Pine-Sol or something. Lemon Pledge smells good too, but I wouldn't dab it behind my ear.
Smells like a cross between old pot pourri and wine dregs. Thick, cloying and crude.
I am not joking: This smells exactly like Vicks Vapor rub!!Its really kind of chemical and medicine smelling. I agree that it smells like a hamsters cage cedar chips.I sprayed it on my skin and it smelled like Black pepper.This fragrance should be called "Vicks Vapor Rub-Black Pepper Blossom"

Jo Malone Orange Blossom EDCNotes: clementine leaves, orange blossom, water lily (from jomalone.com)Orange Blossom starts with juicy sweet orange, bergamot and orange blossom.  The combination is classic and a tad soapy, however, there is an unexpectedly tenacious indolic edge to the orange blossom which keeps the fragrance from being too clean.  The indoles are rather fecal in this composition, and at first adds a welcome complexity to a fragrance that would otherwise be very dull.  Unfortunately, after a bright beginning, all the tangy, sweet, creamy qualities fade away, the fragrance loses its balance, and turns into a screechy white floral with fecal notes that challenge the most die-hard civet lover.  The indole in OB does not develop the way natural indoles would, so the accord never loses its rawness.  That is to say, OB smells strongly of bleu cheese crumbles, mothballs and urine from start to finish.  When there is nothing left to balance and blend with the indoles, OB is not enjoyable anymore.  Longevity is too long, all things considered--the indoles are going strong after six hours.  Sillage is surprisingly strong, perhaps not a good thing.  I am convinced the only way to wear this fragrance is to layer it, probably with another Jo Malone offering.

You're a steel bucket, with bits of rust here and there, and you're sitting in a wet garden filled with jasmine flowers. Inside your oxidized steel frame, you're holding a batch of Fleur d'Oranger 27 by Le Labo. Your existence is dull, albeit a bit more pleasant, but unfortunately just as unwanted. Neroli 36 by Le Labo.
Simply put, this smells like the industrial cleaning solution they use to wash down the subway stations in my city. It's a nauseating scent. I couldn't scrub it off fast enough, and even still I can't escape the odor.
Not neroli or orange blossom or anything in that vicinity.   Bergamot?  Whatever it is, it is sweet, unpleasant and a real scrubber.
I ask this when I sample most of Le Labo's fragrances -- but seriously, where is the Neroli?  This is a floral / aldehyde mix...a very strange one at that.  Not sure how I feel about this but it's definitely not fit for a man, that's for sure.
After a few weeks of having Le Labo's Neroli 36, I'm still trying to figure out the intended use of this product. Unfortunately for me, I can't use it as an inviting scent since to me it smells of things that may have been expelled out of a whale and left to biodegrade on a polluted beach somewhere on the Atlantic... I mean this thing costs $220 for 100 mL... There's got to be some use for it... Maybe deep sea fishing? 
Not one of the better neroli fragrances I think.  The accords aren’t clear and feel a little bit sticky.  The florals are indistinct and the bouquet is not done any favors by inclusion of calone.  The fragrance is quite soapy. 
Slightly more agreeable than their Fleurs d'Oranger, but equally super-sweet and powdery and with a similar cleaning product vibe to it. This one has a touch of bitter almond/marzipan/heliotrope as well I think, but perhaps that's just the natural difference between neroli and orange blossom. Anyway, it makes me like it just a little bit better since I think neroli/orange blossom is more bearable when the naturally gourmand aspect of the floral note is emphasised, as opposed to when they're used in miserably failed attempts at "fresh" colognes. But sorry, I just don't dig neroli/orange blossom scents at all.

The floral top notes have a synthetic-generic sweet vanilla undertone on my skin that is quite unpleasant and not helped much by a rather indifferent coffee note in the drydown.  The base with its cedar-patchouli again is fairly generic and unexciting. Silage and projection, however, are good and I get five hours of longevity, but overall this is a very disappointing flankers to someone who like the original quite a lot. 

I wore this in the 90’s when it was rich, deep, and peppery.  I sniffed it yesterday for the first time in 20 years and nearly gagged.  All I got was Dr. Pepper soda pop and Johnson’s Baby Powder.  

I wore this  20 some years ago , but it changed.  It's stronger but in a negative way for me.  I'm not  happy when I wear this.  It smothers me and makes me sad and I don't know  why.  My husband shelled out 60.00 for it as a present and I could not tell him I didn't like it...   There is a secret to this although, spray lightly.  As colors have different hues and shades, so does perfume and this is not a pastel! It's a dark hue.

As a guy, I was curious to check this one out, being a fan of several of the men's scents from Prada.

The opening showed promise, with the characteristic camphor-like benzoin note and interesting caramel rich and sweet note.  It smelled like a decent, balanced oriental lady perfume that I'd not recoil from.  But...

The musk in the drydown has the smell of, well, slight lady's body odor.  It didn't come across as pleasant, but more so animalic in a somewhat undignified, unwashed way.  Too bad: At least from my pov, the musk could have been dialed back more, and the other elements could have stood out better.

Granted, my experience is purely from a male perception, coming from a sample vial sprayed on my hand. Take it for what it's worth.
   If you wish to smell like dusty caramel this might be your treat, but I just can't get behind this simpering sweet-toothed creation. As with many foody scents it overstays its welcome, so points for longevity, at least.
I received fragrance sampler kits from Sephora for Christmas.  I wasn't impressed with any of the included samples.  I was hoping Prada Candy would be a warmer, richer, more mature gourmand.  Instead, it is extremely sweet and dries to a burnt caramel finish.  This might be okay for a teenager, but I wouldn't recommend it for adults.

Conjures up the essence of MLM boss babes or eau de Karen under sustained olfactory encounters.  The hint of diaper wipes and spoiled formula underneath it all is ruinous.  However, any negative affect might be overcome for wearers who possess enough self-discipline to keep the volume down.  Drive by whiffs on someone else could be pleasant making it greatly depend on how much throttle an individual wearer gives it, and if there are a herd of the Flowerbombed concentrated in one spot.  Dose makes the poison here. 
I got a sample of this because perfume critic Chandler Burr likes the stuff, and I agree with a lot of his assessments. This time, though, he's way off base. Flowerbomb is just a total snooze, hard to tell  from a hundred others....and it's a snooze in the heavyhanded '80s mode I like least. Ugh. 
Cliche in a bottle. The female equivalent to Cool Water for over-use, over-application, and apparent wearer myopia with regards to how 'great' they smell.

Embarrassing.
When I first heard of the name Flowerbomb I knew to give this one a miss. Full-on florals, which the name implies, are the one category I just don't do. A while later I smelled a dry/woody only slightly sweet fragrance on a colleague. It was fairly low-key and rather pleasant. She told me it was Flowerbomb. After that I tested it myself and found it wouldn't work for me. But on other people, especially on that girl, I found it rather pleasant. I can only conclude now that I must have come across a statistical cluster of people with a very light trigger finger.
Come to think of it, that girl must have had an unusual body chemistry. On her the old  Dior Addict seemed to have a woody/cinnamon quality which is usually doesn't have.

We have since moved to a different area, one where every other female seems to use Flowerbomb. And they're not shy in the application of it. I'm in a public facing line of work, and at least once every day I get almost knocked down by a veritable force field of this stuff. 
So while I started out as on the fence about Flowerbomb, it is now what garlic is meant to be to vampires.

Often one can appreciate a fragrance just for the idea and artistic effort, even if they don't work for everyone. In this case the end result smells exceptionally shallow and cheap. Nothing seems to even aspire to reflect the listed notes. It only consists of generic artificial sweetness and equally fake shallow patchouli. 

Normally I'm content to avoid trivial fragrances and don't bother reviewing them. But with the obnoxious omnipresence of this stuff  I just have to.

This is memorable for me as one of the worst fragrances ever.  A salesperson sprayed my arm & I immediately felt as if I'd been flea bombed.  Horrible!  I hurried to a restroom to wash it off but still had a headache within a couple of minutes.  An hour from home, I smelled it all the way back & even a shower didn't fully remove this mess.  Hence my 5 stars for longevity.  There is nothing in the list of components which I haven't previously worn and enjoyed, so maybe  there's an odd synthetic in the mix?  
Oh Yuck!  It's initial scent is of the foul-smelling formic acid used in cheap colognes;  This gives way rapidly (thank goodness) to an unpleasant bouquet of "Raid" insect spray and the artificial, sickeningly sweet odor of S'More-flavored white chocolate, as found in some mass-market candy bars.  It's a strident scent that lasts quite a while.
Ah, Flowerbomb.  I want to like it just because I love the name, but I simply can't.  It's that pink pepper/patchouli/amber smell that every single smellalike woman's designer perfume smells like like now, mixed with marshmallows.  There are some bubblegum fruits in there, some sort of dark green spice that I think is supposed to balance the treacle but just smells "off," and possibly some kind of flowers, but any floral notes in here (despite the name) are unimportant sweeteners buried in a thick, sticky sea of marshmallow fluff and common-smelling pink pepper goop.

This smells common in the most literal way:  If you go to a bar full of girls wearing perfume, they'll all smell like this.  It's not that they're all wearing Flowerbomb, it's that Flowerbomb, as well as the dozens of other perfumes you'll smell, all have the the same basenotes and throwaway topnotes, so every girl at a bar, or on a bus, or in an office smells like this same pink pepper/patchouli/amber/marshmallow smell.  Obviously the ladies of the world love this smell, but as a perfume aficionado, I just can't get get excited about yet another one of these.
Dear Flowerbomb,

I have tried, truly tried, but I do not understand you.

In spite of your listed notes, you are no floral. You are Boston fruit slices in a bottle, assorted penny candies liquified, a poor rose swimming in simple syrup.

Descended you are from Angel, Lolita Lempicka, Euphoria, Coco Mademoiselle and Juicy Couture JC, yet they manage to be interesting while you twirl your hair and drool. How is it you are so astonishingly popular? I am shocked by it. I wonder if today's girls simply find no discernible difference between flies and men. 

Poor Flowerbomb, a classic of perfumery you are not. You are to Coco Mademoiselle as Giorgio was to Poison. As your simple charms lose their appeal, your formula will cheapened, reduced to a 40 dollar EDT in Wallgreens for our daughters to buy discounted for their "naughties" theme parties, where the teenage girls of 2030 will dress like hipsters, dance to "Sexyback" and say "I can't believe Mom used to wear this!"


Smell this blindfolded and 100% that you won't be able to distinguish it from other millions of generic sweet floral perfumes of the last decade or so. Awful!
Uninspiring and unoriginal.  Smells like sugar water was poored onto unfortunante girls.  I don't understand the main stream appeal either.  If you want to smell unique, try Tom Ford or Bond No.9  Do us all a favor ladies, throw this stuff out and grow up. Smells almost like Pink Sugar. 
What a damn shame this one is. Both my mother and sister own this fragrance and its hello and goodbye at lightspeed. The notes are very boring and non chalant. I can't see why anyone would drop the bucks for this one. It's a nice bottle with a popular name. Thats it.
Sweet vanilla flowers in a cigarette ashtray. Even sans the unappealing smoke odor, it'd still be too sweet.

Flowerbomb is not for my skin, it becomes way too sweet and too uninteresting. I am sorry.
Awfully boring tutti-frutti syrup for such a big price tag.Viktor & Rolf need to put on their big girl panties and come up with something other than these treacle-covered blossoms of theirs.
Caramel bomb. No flowers. Another, boring, sticky, caramel stuff. So childish, barbyish.
the new angel competitor is this bomb who hide very spécial plastic flowers!! 
"courage fuyons"
they want to destroy our noze,pitty,
or, i go to live in sooth pole!!
with pinguins !!
I was really dissapointed by this one. I was expecting a really lovely and loud floral. All i was presented with was candy floss, it's sickeningly sweet and 'sticky' smelling. Not worth the price (about £50 for 50 mls over here in the UK). Fantastic bottle though!
Tried this one yesterday and I didn't find it as extroardinary as I  thought it would be. It starts with a smell that is very familiar (must be Allure) and further.... nothing. It just doensn't last on my skin and fades after a few minutes.
Frankly, it is a mess. I tried both the original and etailer versions of it (some people suggested that the etailer interpretations were much better). None were better than the others. The notes are mixed up in an indecipherably manner. It is flat, but ironically loud and cloying. You don't get the complexity of the artisan fragrances, just a sickly sweet cloud. 
too too.  it's trying to hard and the drydown is worthless.  you need to be really young to pull this off. sense memory of disco in the late 80s, amyl nitrate and all.

After all these years, I can say with full confidence that I just don't like Le Mâle.  It feels good to finally get that off my chest...

I think almost everyone knows what this smells like by now, but if you don't, it's basically a lavendor/tonka fougere, sweetened with vanilla, cinnamon, and coumarin, kind of soapy and powdery, but kept from turning into a gourmand by a mix of exhaust-fume terpines, bleach, plasticky diaper musk, and smegma.

It actually kind of reminds me of Shalimar, but if Shalimar were reimagined by a punky gay weirdo who thought it would be funny to get unsuspecting people to wear a classic musk perfume that uses bleachy dried up sperm instead of musk.  As such, I get the joke, and I acknowledge the artistry, and the wink-and-nod to history, and the iconoclasm.  But I still think this smells nasty.
Synthetic at its best. Powdery synthetic scent. I dont get anything in it, it's too lame to separate the notes. I only get some "artificial" lavender. Hmmm...


Does nobody else get shaving foam, herbs and mustiness?

**/*
I've bought 125 ml for 40 €
I'm not an expert on reformulations. 
The scent is classy and great. I've owned dupes of this fragrance. 
Le male in its current state is not worth the money. Sillage is poor and the dry down is not that great. 
Kindlooks for 5 dollars is better and the sillage is far better than JPG LE MALE. 
I don't like to ramble on about reformulation's but this one is totally spoiled now ..it's dry and has lost all of its opulence and density..highly synthetic and basically its not been treasured or treated with any respect by the company that currently formulate it. I gave it away to my 14 year old nephew ..he likes it so at least it wasn't a complete waste of money.
The original JPG Le Male from the 90s was a masterpiece & had tremendous performance! Le Male has since been reformulated & most retailers are selling the reformulation. The reformulated version of Le Male does not smell or perform nearly as good as the original. It is not powdery, nor is it a powerhouse! I find it woodier in the dry-down. The vintage is a much darker juice/better formulation. A reformulated bottle will last 5 hours at most on my skin & project for the first hour. It is a shame that the house destroyed a beautiful fragrance. Not worth it - only buy if you can find the vintage juice!
I happened to be living in London when this was launched and was running into Harrod's on an errand when, right inside the door, a woman with a spritzer grabbed my arm and asked if I wanted to try this new scent.  Before I could answer, I was given a dose and I quickly moved on.  Before I was twenty steps into the store I knew that something was wrong.  Very wrong. What she sprayed on me was so vile, so gross, that I went straight to the men's room to wash it off.  It was on me ten minutes or so and I sniffed at it the whole time, wondering what was so "off" about this scent.  I was probably wearing Bel Ami at the time, so strong scents were no problem.  I also love Caron PuH and Ungaro II, and the vanilla lavender combo is a favorite, so what was so wrong?  To me it smelled overly strong, overly sweet and oddly bestial--and not in a good way (and as I mentioned, I like the civet in Ungaro II!).  Very similar to my reaction to Kouros, even though they are very different fragrances.  Even after a scrub in the gent's I emanated its evil odor for the rest of the day and felt like I needed to apologize to strangers who drifted into my wake.  Oddly enough, I have smelled it on other men since where it smelled just fine--actually tame and minty-fresh barbershop-like.  I might even like it now that it has been reformulated but I can never forget the visceral reaction that I had on first trying it. 

Genre: Woody Oriental

This dull, aging, straight-laced, (if socially progressive,) straight guy grants kudos to the house of Jean Paul Gaultier for openly courting the gay male market well before it was politically correct to do so – back in those benighted times when “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” actually looked like a step forward. Insofar as the packaging and winking sailor boy from The Village People ad campaign were unambiguously and unashamedly targeted – not to mention decades in advance of Etat Libre d’Orange – I say good for Gaultier. I only wish they’d given the guys a better scent.

I have no idea what perfume critic Tania Sanchez was sniffing when she described Le Mâle as a “light, soapy lavender scent,” but to me the contents of the bottle with the bulging crotch rank among the loudest, crudest entries in the sugared 1990s tidal wave that included A*Men, Pi, Rochas Man, Lolita Lempicka au Masaculin and Joop! Homme. I find this especially remarkable given that it’s purported to be the work of Francis Kurkdjian , him of Enlévement au Sérail, Acqua di Parma Iris Nobile, L’Eau Noire, and Ma Dame. The composition smells very simple, and all I get out of it besides Ms. Sanchez’s lavender is powdery vanilla, amber, and a monstrously amplified note of ethylmaltol. This last is the same diabolically shrill, sweet aromachemical that lends the original Angel its syrupy consistency.

The development, if I may deign to call it that, is strictly linear, and the cloying sweet central accord persists at the olfactory equivalent of deafening volume for hour upon hour – which I count as no good thing, given how unpleasant I find Le Mâle. Contrary to some others, I actually find Kurkjian’s recent floral variation, Fleur du Mâle, far more wearable and interesting.

A classic scent destroyed by reformulationJean Paul Gaultier's Le Male was a masterpiece of simplicity and design. Some people thought it was a victim of its own success but popularity was never due to hype or marketing, rather it was down to one simple and fundamental truth (often forgotten in fragrance world), Le Male just smelled so bloody wonderful. Le Male was never a complex scent, just a perfectly balance of duality - its intense vanilla dry down tempered beautifully by mint and a hint of lavender. It was also renowned for its projection and longevity across the board, something rare with so many different and subjective reactions to fragrances. So it's with a heavy heart that I inform the reader that Le Male has, most likely, been reformulated as a shadow of its former self. I've purchased 5 bottles over the past six months, all from reputable sources and they have all inspired contempt and frustration. The new formulation has dropped the heavy vanilla dry down in favor of something more subtle. It's not unpleasant but it's far less sweet than the original formulation and seems a little more powdery. It has also become far less potent. In fact, I'd go so far to say that its projection is weak. It stays so close to the skin as to become none existent. Longevity remains decent - around 6-7 hours, less than its earlier incarnation - but because the projection is so slight and the scent so bland, longevity becomes mostly irrelevant. I don't think that there has been any official word from Jean Paul Gaultier but the forums are abuzz with speculation. I remained objective in my assessment - negative experiences with scents often comes down to fake bottles or stale perfumes - but I feel confident that I've given enough time, and enough money (!), to confirm my judgement. In conclusion, be wary when purchasing Le Male. I suggest hunting down older bottles, if you know what to look for (it's been suggested that the older formulations have darker stripes on the bottles). Otherwise, lower your expectations of this once beautiful creation and mourn the defiling of a classic male fragrance.Pros: Retains hints of its older versionCons: Weak projection, weak longevity, lack of vanilla intensity"

Sweet scent at first sight but too much for my taste. It becomes invasive and unpleasant.
With all the amazing reviews I read about this, i just HAD to try it.  I WANTED to like it... but alas, it was not for me.  
When sprayed on the test strip of paper, it was very forgettable, with an undertone i wasn't sure of.  Surely that was just something subtle on thetop notes that would wear off eventually.  So I tried it on my skin.
For 45 minutes all I got was babypowder that had something subtle trying to come out.  Eventually the hidden note came out:  Vanilla.
If vanilla and babypowder are notes you enjoy, then this is the frag for you.  Sadly, I didn't feel that it lived up to the expectations made by all the reviews.  IMHO.
Le male contains some of my favourite notes and I was eager to try it.  I really liked this fragrance on the blotter.  Then, I sprayed some on my wrist.  Big mistake!  After 20 minutes, I smelled like I spilled a bottle of Musk for Men by Jovan (a horrible cheap drugstore fragrance that was all too popular back in the 70's).  For months, my mouse pad reeked of white musk. Oddly enough, musk is not mentioned in Le male's olfactory pyramid.  I wonder what it is that reacts so bad on my skin.

Maybe Le male is a great fragrance on some men but on me, it is utterly revolting.  Headache in a bottle, unfortunately.
so sweet it mekes me sick, are you sure this was intented for males to use it?
I keep trying this one and it's just as nasty as the last time I tried it on.  Smells like a syntheticly sweet plastic.  An assault on the senses.
THIS SCENT LASTS FOREVER AND A DAY! I had a spray in a shop and the initial very alcoholly blast put me off a little. After about 20 minutes it blends into a spicy vanilla scent. I personally struggled smelling any lavender or mint but there you go. I really don't see what the big fuss is with this fragrance. However, the sillage/projection/longevity cannot be faultered.

There’s a blatant dirty note in this - I’m surprised it’s not mentioned more.  The first time I tested this on skin, I even went to my kitchen spice rack in the hopes I could identify this almost-but-not-quite sweaty smell.  No dice - thyme smells totally different.  I’m not able to discern any raspberry (or any other fruity note), no jasmine, either.  As it dries down, it becomes very petrochemical and finally I get a clear peek at the leather.  The black leather is hard, nothing soft or suede-like (I ride a Harley, and my black leather reference is the smell of my riding chaps).  The gasoline smell eventually slides away to leave leather standing alone.  I’ve tried this several times now and the conclusion I’ve arrived at is the drydown (just ok, not great) isn’t worth what I have to endure to get there.
This is a very dry leather. As if you're smelling a totally dried up tan leather hide at a manufacturer's place. If there's even raspberry present in the opening, it's a very papery one and almost not present at all. Also, it's as if the stem of the plant has been scraped too. 

After the opening the spicyness is, well, awful. A harsh thyme, making it lean towards the scent of a kitchen spices cupboard. My best description atttempt: a concoction of thyme, cloves and sharp incense.

If only that leathery opening just remained as is. I would have rated it neutral. More raspberry and with the spice mess out of it, I would've rated it positive even. Where Tuscan leather goes however after the opening is just.. bad, for a lack of better words. Oh and then there's the price...
Not unpleasant just joyless; a monotone ashtray experience. 
Made the mistake of putting this on my skin.  Leatherman leather scent mixed with Estee Lauder Beautiful.  Don't get me wrong, Beautiful is a good aldahydic floralish, but putting cheap leather over the top is worse than me putting Li over "the leather scent" (try it, you'll like it).  For what you are charging for Estee Lauder crap - you should be ashamed.  I mean you really cute and alll..wait, no, you should be ashamed.  Also, leather was gone in less than 15 minutes.  Seriously?  Just use a little more of the fetish shop oil.  That shit lasts all day.
This is a complete joke. If want to smell like leather buy Rasasi La Yuqawam which is more subtle and fresh (as much as any leather can be) and is almost a delight.
If you want to be ripped off with a lower quality fragrance then Tom Ford it is but rest assured no one who smells it will know. Maybe you want to feel you smell like the inside of a Veyron? After all art should be for you not the beholder. In this case Tom Ford's bank account.

Fragrance: 2/5
Projection: 3/5
Longevity: 3/5
Disappointing from Tom Ford, especially with the price tag. I don't consider it as unisex, definitely masculine, but it is way behind Noble Leather and Leather Oud. The smell is much raw and dirtier and resembles my mate's 2007 Vauxhall Astra, or maybe dirty football socks. There are much better leather fragrances available for the same price or less.

I'm having a very love / hate relationship with TL right now...

It was recommended to me by a fellow Basenote'er who said that it wasn't a particularly attractive fragrance, but that it had an "aura" about ti that made it impossible to stop sniffing. After giving it a try myself, I think he's exactly right. It does have a strange aura to it that makes it oddly attractive, but downright repulsive at the same time. 

The opening is just lovely, and I agree with what others have said about the leather note being the finest quality cleanest leather they've ever smelled... it is. The only problem is that this lasts-- at least on my skin--  for about 30 second-- literally. 

From 30 seconds after the first spray, the lovely leather is gone, and I do mean gone. TL very, VERY quickly transforms into a pungent ashtray smell that dominates absolutely everything else and hangs around for hours before the real dry down commences and it turns into something more manageable. The ashtray phase still carries that indescribably attractive aura around it, but it's such a hit or miss kind of scent that depends not only on your mood at the time, but also on who's around when you're wearing it. 

There are days that it smells incredible, rugged, ultra masculine, and kind of sexy. Then there are other days where it makes me near-nauseas and paranoid that everyone around me thinks I smell like, well, a dirty, wet ashtray. 

The only way I can describe this aura is that the fragrance as a whole smells like a man's man who went to work smelling amazing in a crisp suit, but then had a really REALLY bad day and wound up on a bender in a dark, dank, smoke filled bar... kind of like Don Draper in the 4th season of Mad Men. The 30-second opening smells exactly like you want this to smell-- the guy at the beginning of his day-- but the middle ashtray phase makes me smell like something that I'm not sure I want to smell like, and that I'm not sure anyone around me wants to smell either. I don't think I've ever heard anyone say, "Wow, that ashtray on the bar smells incredible!"

If the opening stuck around longer, or at least meshed better with the ashtray, this would be a surefire purchase, But with the ashtray phase dominating the scent for so long, I have no idea where I could wear this without being worried that I'm turning everyone around me off in very a big way. 

I even tried layering this with Oud Wood and Tobacco Vanille to take the bite out of that ashtray phase, but no luck. The ashtray overpowers everything, even the beast Tobacco Vanille. 
As an avid equestrienne, I had VERY high hopes for this fragrance. I imagined it would transport me to the tack rooms of my youth and more recent years. Instead, it left a retched stench on my hand that made me wish I could take a second shower. 

Usually, I can deal with a scent I dislike, but this one turns my stomach. I am neurotic about high quality leather. The saddles I have purchased over the years could have been a VERY nice down payment on a very nice home. I have owned Italian leather boots, custom made for my foot and legs. I have owned Italian saddles. I have owned French saddles. What I am trying to impress upon the reader is this: I know leather and I know it WELL. This scent is NOT leather. I do not know what it is, but it is not properly tanned, high-quality, desirable leather. 

This, it will not make the shelf.
Dominant raspberry and slightly smokey leather that dries down so sweet that it hurts. 
I’m a leather freak.

With that said, this is easily the most overrated scent of all time. To be brutally honest, this fragrance smells like an uncultured teenage girl who doused herself in a $5 bottle of Body Fantasies Body Spray (raspberry of course) and then went outside and smoked a cigarette. No joke—that is exactly what this smells like. Truly, this fragrance is a monstrosity. I was scrubbing my arms after an hour, and yet it lingered—wouldn’t leave. 

My girlfriend smelled it (who is not into fragrances, but can pick out notes like nobody I know) and she immediately smelled ashtray and turned away in repulsion, which corresponded with my own impression. I asked several other people and they all thought it was nasty/cheap smelling. The sickly sweet raspberry note smells cheap and kitschy. There is no refined leather here. I honestly question the taste of people who like this fragrance. I think there might be a little brand loyalty at play here. Sorry, but it’s true. 

I always look for the redeeming qualities in a fragrance. I have smelled masterpieces that I would personally never wear. I’ve never reacted this negatively to a perfume. However, there are no redeeming qualities in this fragrance. The price is the cherry on top—laughable. 

Two massive thumbs down! AVOID!!!

I must say I am a bit disappointed with Tuscan Leather. Its just too over-powering, last time I wore it my respiratory system didn't appreciate it. I can only do a single dab or drop and even still its too strong. Just not worth the burden, plus it doesn't smell all that great IMO. 

I really don't like this fragrance. I can't say it doesn't smell like leather because it smells so much like leather that I feel like I'm trapped inside a cow. I can see why some people really love this, but for me it's waaaaay too strong, too much. The thing is, I really do like leather as a note, blended in with some spice or florals, but I would honestly believe that Tuscan Leather was some kind of chemical that dissolves rust if somebody told me it was. Anyway, there's a lotta love for this one out there, but it ain't for me.
The worst tom ford private blend (and this is coming from a Tom Ford fanboy!)

I had a decant of this stuff from the perfumed court (smallest size vial) and I accidentally spilled one drop -- the box I have it in STILL to this day, two years later, smells like tuscan leather -- the ENTIRE box, with all my other decants and samples in it that I'm sure I've spilled as well -- are all overpowered by the one drop of tuscan leather spilled two years ago.

It's awful.  I would go as far as calling it raunchy; like a cheap leather bargain coat store in an outlet mall that just stays around until the end of the world, and will NOT go away.
Cockroaches will be smelling tuscan leather after nuclear winter.

If you want to smell like a 20$ leather jacket or a shoe repair shop, and leave a trail of stinkyness everywhere you go; tuscan leather is for you.

It actually reminds me of the time one of my co-workers accidentally spilled gasoline on his shoe when he was filling up before work and then came into the office and stunk the place up; that's how bad tuscan leather is.  It's gasoline like pungent; without a doubt the strongest scent I have ever sniffed, which unfortunately, is not a good thing.  Stronger than an Amouage Attar, stronger than Black Afgano -- tuscan leather overpowers anything.

A thoroughly cheap-smelling synthetic vanilla mixed with some smokiness; it's both bland and off-putting. 

I'm inclined to be especially harsh here because of the absurd and disgraceful pricing. This is transparently cheap, nasty stuff being sold at entry-level niche pricing.
Just another cheap little vanilla.  It's that dumb marshmallow frosting vanilla, with isobutavan added for a hint of nuts and creme soda, and a touch of boozy immortelle that's trying its best to class things up but fails.

Right now, in any town in America, you could go to Ross or TJ Maxx and find a candle or a room spray that smells like this for less than $5.  This is the dictionary definition of what "cheap" smells like.

Extremely nasty modern hodgepodge aggregate  of the worst designer modern masculine synthetic aromchems tendencies of the moment.
Avoid at all costs.
To be noted I’m a moss, cat’s arse and beaver sack type ..
One of those A*Men-inspired coffee/lavender/caramel gourmands drenched in mass market masculine aromachemicals, notably those omnipresent aquatic grape topnotes and a full-on Axe body spray "woody amber" base.  It's OK at first and ends up smelling ferociously cheap.  In the recent flood of coffee gourmands, this seems quite unnecessary - the only thing it brings to the table is cheapness.
Very sweet, freshly-baked sugar cookies on a warm wooden plate.  Not a suitable scent for a gent.  
A sugary woody piquant synthetic unoriginal mess. A shame as the most part of the new woody releases "retracing" this infamous gassy (sugary dusty) trend. Ferragamo Uomo's opening is a cedary-spicy sugar's tornado while dry down is a less dusty-gassy nondescript woody-caramel. Zero texture. An unpleasant piquant boredom on my skin.

Lost Cherry is a great name for this one:  10 minutes after spraying, it's G-O-N-E.  Interesting that longevity is good for some people and zero on others....

its too acidic for me, somehow reminding me of sugardrenched poppycake with a spritz of some bathroom- cleanser.
I found Flower by Kenzo to be very sweet and one dimensional. In five minutes, all I got was cheap vanilla. It might, however, be good for a young lady of perhaps 12.

Cloying, sweet, nondescript powder. The smell is the polar opposite of the elegant, spare packaging. And red? Red isn't the color I think of for this. There's no passion or brightness in this mix. It's more like melted, rainbow colored sherbet mixing with leftover sheet cake.
The opening is all cutie pies and femmey bliss through the wacky/folky Kenzo fashion filter that makes those qualities into an art. The drydown creeps in with a hazy suggestion of freshly turned shrimp cocktail. Opoponax (balsamic and animalic smelling resin), hawthorn (ultra sweet and sharp), and black currant (the cat pee note) are notes that easily read as bodily and profane. Mixed into a modern take on Royal Bain de Caron like Flower, funeralic associations emerge: cheap bouquets and fetid bodies. Also there are ketones given off right before death, and this musk smacks of that scent to me. 

A very morbid review, I realize, and if Flower sustains the pleasure of its opening notes for you and skips out on the heavily disturbing drydown, you're luckier than I was. A perfume that means to be creepy and does it with grace I can take, but this sort of unintentional lipstick on the teeth scenario made for several queasy wearings before Flower was banish'ed. Though I like many scents generally disliked by most people, this one is beyond reprieve: could be summed up as soiled diaper and a rare true case of dead ringer baby powder. But like someone with a flower in place of a brain, I'll probably give this one another try at some point and report back once the extant repeat trauma has faded from memory. It's at least iconic?
On first spraying this, my thought was "Springtime!" but within seconds it morphed into a cloying, green-melon-shampoo smell on me. l couldn't pick out any floral notes, & certainly no opoponax; nothing remotely oriental here. Within the hour, all l could smell on my skin was sugar water. This stage lasted for another 3 hours before it disappeared. l'm not sure who this fragrance is aimed at, but l'd say very young girls might love it. l don't.
I found this composition to be very off balance.  The basenotes are musky and sweet, woodsy even but sort of impersonally generic due to their overly synthetic nature.  It's not bad it's just awkward.  Actually the dry down is probably my favorite part of this fragrance because the cold violet and rose mushiness is not taking over.  Overall, this made me feel frigid.

Less Is more i love the design a single Red flower stem verticly cuting though the clear white bottle.But I Didn't Care for the scent it smell too much like baby power it was to powdery on my skin
I'm afraid this fragrance has caused me some cognitive dissonance, and, judging by the responses here, it seems others feel this, too. Strange how such a "LITE" fragrance--that insidious marketing term is somehow more to the point than that respectable word "light"--can inspire such polarized responses as manifested here.But to say "I love this" or "I hate this" without attempting to analyze the issue does not constitute a genuine review, so I'll endeavour to explain. In the first instance, I find it difficult to comprehend that a fragrance of this sort--so airy, so frightfully floral and sweet, so (dare I say it?) "girly-girl"--can possibly be a floral oriental. An oriental that lacks mystery and darkness strikes me as a self-annihilating contradiction in terms. What would be the point of such a fragrance? I wonder if it was somehow supposed to be "cute," but it doesn't quite work out that way, either. And although I warn my students that "I don't get it" is not a very thoughtful response, I still fail to comprehend just what Flower by Kenzo is trying to be or do.FbK, as far as I can tell, is a rather simple linear floral with a little dose of musk and vanilla tossed in to "sex it up" a bit. Even so, "sexy" is not an adjective that comes to my mind when smelling it. I can see that for some it might be a **useful** fragrance; that is, it's not so powerful as to be overwhelming in the workplace, it's not particularly unique, and it doesn't require a larger-than-life personality to pull it off. I think I could tolerate it on others, but I would find it intolerably cloying on myself; but then again, I've never worked in close proximity with someone who wears it, and I can imagine that continued exposure to this sticky violet/rose confection could become quite, quite irritating.But, ultimately, what we have here is simulacrum as Jean Baudrillard would define it: a copy without an original.  FbK is a recreation of the scent of a flower that has no scent, which furthermore has two completely synthetic notes (hedione and cyclosal) as its basenotes.  It is hardly surprising, then, that it smells like nothing in particular.  Baby powder smells quite natural next to this.Having said all this, I find it hard to like any fragrance so devoid of mystery and personality. It seems to me that these two elements are a large part of what makes wearing perfume desirable in the first place. I don't "hate" it, I simply find it too insipid to feel any extreme emotion about it. The truth is, it's one of the most insipid fragrances I've smelled, and I find insipidity harder to deal with than downright obnoxiousness. Given the choice between FbK and Lanvin's in-your-face too-much-can-kill-you Rumeur, I'll gladly take the latter.
I tried this fragrance a total of three times hoping to like it but honestly I don't.  All I smell is baby powder and pampers.  This reminds me of my children as babies and it is not what I want to smell like also the smell never fades, it lasted and lasted until the next day. 
For me, this smells exactly like baby powder. Not like anything else, just baby powder. It smelled like baby powder when I first put it on 4 hours ago, and at every hesitant sniff ever since, it has continued to smell like baby powder, with maybe a little bit sweeter undertones. Slightly sweet baby powder. Personally, if I wanted to smell like baby powder, I'd rather just buy some baby powder for a buck. But since I hate the smell of baby powder, I won't. Sillage is pretty good, and so is staying power. Lucky me. 
Bought this after smelling the beauty of it on someone else. On them it smelled utterly unique and vibrantly floriental. On me, however, it smelled cloying, powdery and sweet - everything I hate in a perfume. I'd give it 2 stars though, on the basis of how beautiful and head-turning it smells on other people. 
Received a bottle as a gift.  Whadda waste of effort.  On me it smells like violets and powder.  Didn't do a thing for me.

"My mechanic eats cookies in bed!" I'm bemused by this perfumer's attachment to sweets.  This one whomps you over the head with a coconut, or more accurately, a gallon jug of Mounds-Bar filling, thinly underlain with lemon. Over time, the coconut remains, with spices supplanting the lemon.  

Like other Kerosene fragrances, this one poses the question: where is the line between a perfume and a good smell?  If I enjoy the smell of my Trinidadian neighbor's curries, why wouldn't I want to smell like that?   

I spect a beautiful summer acent , but I smell this before ,,,, in a Bath and Body counter 

I thing the 10 ml gonna last forever 
Memories: rubbish and great aunties.

Who should wear this: The Witch of the Waste from Miyazaki's Howl's Moving Castle. I can't believe Mila Kunis wears this.

Bottom line: This was selected as my signature scent by the team at Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle. They made a mistake.


I pretty much couldn't agree more with Yellowtone's review, even down to the fact that it seems to smell better if you stick your nose to it than when it arrives in wisps.  
The scent was the definition of cloying and sickeningly sweet on my skin.  I think "Poison" left a similar impression.  It does conjure up an image of something nefarious, either poisonous or rotten.  
Projection is great, as is longevity, but not a scent for me.  
not unisex at all, very feminine to say the least, radiant tuberose opening which very shortly cut into white flowers, modest sillage and... absolutely overpriced and overhyped!
I tried this with high hopes, but was really disappointed. 

The scent lingering on the bottle hinted at a tantalising dream, as did the described notes.

What I got on my skin however, was a really strong, rubbery white floral, with no relief provided by the coconut, bergamot or orange blossom. This scent made me think of death and embalming fluid, and whilst not vile enough to warrant scrubbing away, I found it thoroughly unpleasant. This is unusual for me, as it's usually scents that make me feel sick or give me a headache that I categorise as unpleasant.

This lasted on my skin for some time, and projected well, but really wasn't for me.
Hello! I'll just jump right into this perfume then... I feel very much like I don't belong here. If you ask me what, or where "here" is, I won't have any answer for you.  Where is my world? I feel so lonely, so eager to go home! But where is my home? I feel lonelier than before... I'm not sure how to explain this, but I feel like this perfume is out there somewhere that I haven't yet reached. I feel like I might be an alien, but I'm not sure that is even possible to reach this fragrance. Oh, oh!  I'm an alien, I'm a human alien, I’m a perfumer in Milan… I have lived a carnal life, I have eaten a carnal bread, I always listen carnal music, and I sleep dreaming carnal dreams with carnal instinct… I have a problem, I can’t reach this perfume! I know I’m a carnal alien, this a carnal trouble, and this perfume is a carnal marketing! So, why? Where? What? 
...

Vulcan Council President: “You have surpassed the expectations of your instructors. Your final perfume is flawless, with one exception: I see that you have applied to Starfleet as well.”

Spock: “It was logical to cultivate multiple options. Aren’t they carnal ones?”

Vulcan Council President: “Logical, but unnecessary. You are hereby accepted to the Vulcan Science Academy. It is truly remarkable, Spock, that you have achieved so much despite your disadvantage.” 

All rise. Even Spock is carnal! 
CARNAL FLOWER for very disadvantaged flowers!
This reviewer may have conflicts of interest

I really wanted to like this!  I'm a fan of carnal frags, and thought the name of this was just wonderful.  But the coconut just ruins it for me.  Smells like that old Hawaiin Tropic sun tan oil.  Yeccch!

This made me nauseous and gave me a migraine. It is rich and voluptuous but like a roomful of women all wearing haevy scent. 
You mean this has been around for 4 years and I just now sampled it?  Reminds me of Datura Noir by serge lutens.  I have a sample Carnal Flower and I just hate it because it seems like the smell of a man with a black beard.  I know that sounds strange , but I picture this in my mind when I wear it and it makes me shiver.  I love turberose, but not this perfume.  Oh, I just don't like it... what is in there that I don't like?  I don't know.
Unisex?  I find that hard to imagine.  Not one to shy away from fragrances typically designated as feminine, Carnal Flower seems to me all Tuberose, and little Carnal.  Though clearly well crafted with quality ingredients, this remains, for me, sticky, waxy and cloying.
The blast of this almost knocked me off the bed. Tuberose, huh? I never realised there was a flower I would dislike the smell of but I loathe this one. It is the first time in my life I have run to wash off a perfume; I usually respectfully let them develop through their various stages even if I don't like them. But on me this was unbearable, hideous. And I had been so ready to be impressed with Carnal Flower! I can only pray people don't start wearing this on the plane, to the theatre and restaurants or I will have to become a hermit 'til it passes.

Music for a While opens with a brief blast of sharp citric bergamot before quickly transitioning to its heart.  As the composition reaches it early heart, the bergamot vacates, as a very strong rotting pineapple fruit accord joins slightly sweet, caramelized aromatic lavender as co-stars with rugged patchouli support.  During the late dry-down the composition stays relatively linear, as the rotting aspect of the pineapple recedes, leaving remnants of the pineapple and the now softened, sweetened caramelized lavender and patchouli the focus through the finish.  Projection is excellent, as is longevity at 11-12 hours on skin.

This composition is horrific smelling, and the worst perfume to date in a generally otherwise strong Editions de Parfums Frederic Malle stable.  I hate to be so blunt, but I honestly have no idea who Malle is trying to appeal to with Music for a While.  The rotting pineapple fruit accord has underlying elements of hard leather and even Oud to some degree...  It-doesn't-work-at-all. When coupled with the slightly off-kilter aromatic lavender that is not too far off from my (nightmarish) memory of a similar lavender used in the also horrific smelling Sunshine Man by Amouage, you have just about as bad a combination as possible (and let's not even get into the added sugary sweetness).  The odd lavender and rotting fruit will generally not appeal to fruity composition lovers as it is too off-putting for most of their tastes, vintage and classically structured perfume lovers like me will want to run a mile, the gourmand aspects are not gourmand enough to appeal to those fans, and sweetness-averse customers will also steer well-clear, only leaving oddball modern perfume fans who might be interested to some degree but will find other perfumes more appealing.  I wish I had something I could say that is positive about the composition, but even its excellent performance metrics in this case are a negative, as one wants the stench off their skin in record time; too bad Music for a While doesn't comply.  It truly saddens me that the master perfumer behind one of the best perfumes ever created in Polo, Carlos Benaim, has sunk to depths this low, even under Malle's usually stellar direction.  The bottom line is the $330 per 100ml bottle Music for a While is a failure on every level imaginable, appealing to seemingly no one, earning it a "poor" to "very poor" 1 to 1.5 stars out of 5, and as strong an avoid recommendation as I can muster.  "Torture for a While" is a more apt title to this fatally-flawed "composition."     

