Masculine citrus.  Sour, breeze-like.  Slight ocean breeze vibe.  Piercing, almost bitter vetiver.  Just a touch of rosy, pink pepper.  Elegantly blended.  The top flows into the heart effortlessly.  I enjoy this!

Bits of spice and mint stand out at times.  The base is smooth incense and woods.  I'd enjoy this on my man.  Well done!
Bleu and yellow. Sunny sea fragrance with a lot of citrus. A change for a fragrance that's intended for men. Could easily be worn by women.
A true Swiss Army knife of men’s fragrances. Great for just about any occasion, though never the best at any given situation.

Ultimately, a scent that I catch myself trying to get more of as the day wears on.
Christian Grey's white shirt, slightly damped with sweat.
A true EdP version of the EdT.  Thicker, fuller rounder but less sillage initially.  The difference is this will linger longer and form a nice cloud around you.

I don't necessarily like it better or think it is better than the EdT, you can't go wrong with either.  
Cold blue lasers turned
Fresh into fluoriental
Like a Coco Boss.
I smelled this trailing off of a younger guy in the establishment that I work in and it smelled really super nice! I'm a perfume snob to the bone and hadn't the slightest clue that this perfume he was wearing was going to be Chanel's Bleu of all the scents in the world, to be totally honest, I could've sworn to a T that he was wearing Al Haramain's Midnight Musk from their Exclusive Collection, it smelled almost exactly like it which is an awesome perfume in and of itself.

I'd like to comment on the sillage of this scent as the voting scale shows that Bleu is kinda weak, I beg to differ. The building that I work in is a large restaurant and all of the a/c intake areas are located in the back, so whenever someone is sitting near the entrance to the back of the house, the HVAC units will pull a nice trail of anyone's scent that's seated near the entrances. Well, I could smell this trailing from way far away in the dish pit which is a ways off although when I was near his table, his scent was not bathed in per se so, it was mild and pleasurable, not 'projecting' if that makes sense, Chanel's Bleu eau de parfum has an incredible sillage, a long one. It's very incensy with lots of amber, really warm smelling, the sillage that is. I loved it to pieces so much that I bought a sample for myself to try out.

My opinion from an outside nose is that this is actually a strong scent which I believe is one of those perfumes that you can never smell on yourself while wearing, thoroughly impressed me.

Edit: Funny story and this is the truth... I had ordered a vintage 80's scent from a seller in Italy of all places and when I had received the package, there was a sample of Bleu eau de parfum in it! I couldn't believe it and had to laugh as I'm kinda floored with this perfume. I have officially given Bleu a few proper wearings and although this scent is completely out of my genre that I usually like to wear, I truly enjoy this scent through and through. It's super smoky, sour and sweet but, these 3 different sensations do not clash, they work together in perfect harmony. Even though this scent 'does' smell blue, I seriously like this a lot.

As another word of caution, Blue eau de parfum is absurdly strong and long lasting so totally disregard that sillage scale up top there as this scent has some serious throw that projects continually at the same exact volume. I believe it is due to a moderate use of Iso E Super which is designed to push out heart and base notes continually which I'm sensitive to, but here it is used correctly and it's just enough that I can handle it unlike in Versace's Eau Fraicheur that's an Iso E Super bomb that Bleu eau de parfum just happens to resemble, 'slightly'. This could be as to why I find this scent über strong and others don't. Some people can sense Iso E Super and some cannot, the ones who cannot tend to find those perfumes that use this particular aroma chemical as weak and for the people who are hyper sensitive to Iso always perceive it as nuclear. Seriously, this is a killer scent but super powerful so apply lightly with maybe 1 spray or else it's instant olfactory fatigue. I feel strongly that over appliers of this kinda perfume will recreate a ghastly sillage, I'm talking to you 3+ sprays kinda guys. I literally wore 1 spray on my chest and it was an experience, I felt like I was almost choking myself for hours, this would probably be way better dabbed then atomized because as mentioned before, Bleu eau de parfum is super potent for endless hours.

Also, this perfume smells like 2 entirely different odors when sniffed up close and from afar. Up close it smells blue, from afar, the sillage that is, it's very warm, lots of amber and smoke which almost smells like a super smooth musk accord with the olfactory color of orange. Do this little test... spray some onto the top of your foot when you're at home and walk around a little, then stand there for a bit and walk around some more. You'll clearly smell the sillage that an outside nose is experiencing. Or better yet, spray some on a card, leave the room for a half hour and go back to that room and you'll experience the amber note in this. Synthetic yes but these are some of the best quality aroma chemicals being used here that have been blended properly. I'm not one to like or even love any kind of synthesized perfume but I'll tell ya, I really do love this scent. It just smells great and has been assembled with skill, nothing was skimped here as far as a designer scent goes. Sometimes I crave this odor, this is truly a fabulous perfume.
On my skin BdC EdP projects a huge cloud and lasts all day, so I am confused by some of the performance issues others called out. 

Smells very similar to EdT, just a little darker/deeper in those notes. 
I absolutely love this perfume. It was, and currently still is, my #1 favourite perfume to wear.

It has a sweet, jasmine, lightly citrus and minty opening scent. It lingers with a slightly sweet, aquatic, euphoric smell. It lasts on my skin around 1 to 1.5 hours. After that you can detect only trace amounts in the air around me.

All I got was compliments (from both men and women). It's not overpowering and not weak, it's the perfect medium.

In terms of notes, I found it weird that there was patchouli included in it, as I didn't get any scent of that when I had BdC on. I smelled the Jasmine the most and I think that's what I liked about it.


Sweet and minty and a little bit aquatic. There's sandalwood to make it more creamy. The wood and frankincense on the basenotes helps to control the sweetness of the citrus, ginger and jasmine. It's enjoyable but I prefer to stay with Green Irish Tweed which does this sandalwood/outdoor scent better IMHO.
Edited Review:

A sweet opening that has a note I really like. There's almost a Barbasol shave cream to the opening. In fact, it smells quite a bit like the Jack Black hair and body wash product, which is a very good thing in my book. There's a transition after the first 45 min to an hour, and I'm not as fond of the change as I am of the opening. It takes on a synthetic woods accord in the dry down that just isn't as good as the opening, but it's still not too bad. I do like this fragrance overall and I'm glad to have it in my collection.
It's a huge fragrance note party, and we're all invited!

Bleu de Chanel EdP is indeed a deeper, richer take on the original EdT.  Yet it retains a quality of its own, thanks to the large cocktail of ingredients!

Throughout the day, the fragrance seems to wear different "masks" depending on my skin temp and general environmental conditions - in an almost eerily living way.  The tangy notes of grapefruit and bergamot continually appear when I'm experiencing hotter skin temps, then the scent returns back to a peppery, gingery, woody quality reminiscent of Lagerfeld's Jako (which I'm not a huge fan of).  Bleu de Chanel EdP comes off as a skin scent in terms of sillage; the EdT appears to have a better "reach".

This fragrance shimmers through so many notes interplaying with one another in a semi-unpredictable way. It's not a "blue" scent as one would expect of, say, Kenzo or Bulgari Blu.  It is a hybrid formulation that is hard to pin down and different than other scents out there now; hats off to Chanel for the adventurous endeavor in constructing Bleu de Chanel EdP as a classy, reformulated flanker.

I can't say this would be my first choice of scents to wear in a crunch (compared even to the EdT, which seems more stable and accessible).  

So to me, this fragrance is good, versus AWESOME.
Love this stuff and it gets a ton of compliments from the ladies.
If you want something more serious than the conventional edt, this is the perfect go! Wish the sillage could be a little better though. Sometimes in warm days it does randomly perform like a beast however, but that is only sometimes.
It is a beautiful fragrance. Bleu de Chanel EdP is a real olfactory revolution.
Chapeau Monsieur Polge et Chanel!

This is BdC EDT's mature older brother. Opens up with grapefruit, and immediately you'll notice how much deeper, smoother, and richer the EDP is compared to the EDT. As it dries down, the amber & incense combo starts to take over. 
These notes are much more pronounced in the EDP, resulting in a more sophisticated fragrance.

This fragrance is versatile as well, just like the EDT, but it feels more suited for a more "formal" & "night time" setting.

The only issue I have with the EDP is this turns into a skin scent fairly quickly.

Scent: 8.5/10
Sillage: Below Average
Longetivity: Good

Not much to say here because this is exactly what Chanel claims it is: Chanel Bleu Eau de Parfum is a stronger, richer, longer-lasting version of Bleu de Chanel.  There are some differences between the two, but those distances fall well within the parameters of a genuine Chanel-Bleu-Intense-concept.  If you, like me, enjoyed and purchased Bleu de Chanel, you will likely enjoy this one.  It is an excellent fragrance.  

Me?  I’m perfectly satisfied with Bleu de Chanel. If I run out of it, or if I suddenly decide that it’s about the only fragrance I want to wear (not a chance!), I will purchase Chanel Bleu Eau de Parfum.  I likely won’t be buying because I am content with what I have and do not foresee using up my bottle. Plus I would rather spend my money on a couple of Chanel Les Exclusifs.

Smells like the edt version. The difference is that the edp version is slightly darker and richer. This has a slight wood note as well. Nice. 8/10

Modern & Sophisticated...

So, I tried the <i>Eau de Parfum</i> version before trying the <i>Eau de Toilette</i>, but I have since tried both side by side. My impression of this one is that it is definitely "woodier". It starts off with grapefruit and incense, much like the <i>Eau de Toilette</i>, however I would say that this one starts off where the <i>Eau de Toilette</i> heart and dry-down occur. So it has less of the bright, citrus top-notes and more of the woodier, mossier notes. I also detect vetiver and amber. There is less of the pink pepper, sparkling grapefruit opening of the <i>Eau de Toilette</i>. This is why when I think of this I think I would use it for more formal events.

Overall, with this <i>Eau de Parfum</i> I think of this as the "night" version of <i>Bleu de Chanel</i>. It strikes me as something more formal, compared to the casual, more versatile, laid-back nature of the <i>Eau de Toilette</i>. This is the version I would choose between the two, just based on my initial experience. But each version has it's merits. I think this would be great for any formal event which requires a man to wear a suit, or dress code. Perfect on a date, and for a man with wealth and experience. Extremely good effort by <i>Chanel</i> with this one.

Like the original but smooth and more intense.
Deeper, richer and more dense than the EDT. Is it better though? EDT has its own charm and merits. EDT is more sharp and brash and that's what I actually like about it.

EDP is more of a gentleman when compared to the EDT.
Are they both great? Depends. They're generics, simple fragrances done well. That's actually ok!

Are they both worthy of collecting? Yes, absolutely. Still I prefer EDT but just for a margin.

Originality 4/10
Scent 8/10
Longevity 8/10
Projection 7/10
Indeed better then the EDT do not like that one,but this is amazing stuff much richer and smoother and more of a gentleman version...
An amazing scent.  Very unique IMHO and a top 10 in my assortment of EDTs and EDPs in my collection.  My wife bought it for me on our wedding day and it is by far her favorite as well. High quality scent great opening (I can really smell the peppermint, vetiver and grapefruit) well blended with the woody notes. Projection is above average with about 4 hours of solid wafting.  After wearing for 7 hours it is a close to the skin scent. Enjoy.
Bleu de Chanel EdP, is a slightly richer , more rounded version of the EdT.  I like both versions, but prefer the EdP.  The main difference to me is that the citrus in the opening is not quite as sharp and the base is less powdery.  Overall the EdP seems deeper and slightly richer, but that's really quite a subtle perception between the two.  Unlike some reviews, I can't see any reason to own both, but my instinct in scents isn't quite as well refined as others.

Elegant, masculine, lady pleasing.  A must for any wardrobe, IMO.
Bleu De Chanel is a well rounded, unashamedly masculine fragrance with a crowd pleasing opening which then veers into a darker mix of vetiver, incense and mint, all kept polite by a dash of amber. It is a great introduction to fragrance development for people starting out in this hobby. The ingredients are high-quality and it performs well.

It is basically a vetiver fragrance with flair. Nothing wrong with that.

I see Bleu De Chanel and Dior Homme heading different directions for mens fragrance. I prefer the more masculine of the two. Bleu stands the best chance of stopping the unisex trend in men's fragrance, a trend that is responsible for abominations like Polo Red.
This is much more thicker, deeper, smoother and softer variation of  Bleu de Chanel than EDT, the most describing adjective is imo more SENSUAL - more quiet and lacks the sharp edges of the EDT . It's a very nice variation and can be worn at the same time with the EDT.  I get more woodiness and amber than EDT and maybe some tonka (?) as well.  The longevity is slightly better than in the EDT but projection and sillage are like typical for an EDP, toned down, this works closer to skin.
The relation and idea between Bleu EDT and EDP is comparable with Allure Homme Sport EDT and AHS Eau Extreme.

I like the idea of owning both EDT and EDP of this one, because they both smell really gorgeus but work in a different way - one can choose to wear whichever suits more to the specific time, place, situation and the mood of the wearer, or even wear they both at the same time -  both receive full 5 stars for me and I count them to the masterpieces of Jaques Polge, the perfumer.

The 150 ml bottle can be bought for about 100 euros, likewise Allure Homme Sport Eau Extreme.  Any other bottle size is overpriced if you calculate the price/ML ratio, this applies to fragrances in general of course, but especially in Chanel ones.
Bleu de Chanel EdP is a delicious blend of wood and spice that has good projection, is long-lasting and smells the same on skin and cloth. I rate it highly and thoroughly recommend it to those with a soft spot for woody fragrances.

I often find myself asking "would I wear this but for the hype?" I still don't know the answer to this.  I wore this on my wedding day.  I narrowed down to 5 different scents and went with this one b/c a guy said it's the sexiest of scents.  

This scent does not equal sexy to me.  It equals playful and young.  (I married at 40).  I don't mean it's immature....I mean that you can be mature and wear this and you won't smell old. (hope that makes sense).  This is the opposite of scents that I gravitate towards.  I like heavy, chypre, oriental scents.  I basically like to smell like what I imagine Joan Collins smelling like on dynasty. But this scent fills a need for me.  It fills that sweet spot while being sophisticated at the same time. The complexity is astounding.  

Some say it's polarizing.  They say they smell it everywhere.  I don't.  I have only smelled this scent on me.  The longevity and silliage are both insane.  This just keeps going and going and going.  I think it can be worn anytime of year, but feels too "happy" for fall and winter for me.  But if I need a pick me up during those months this is for sure something I would reach for.  
Salted sugary cotton candy with something alluring and seductive. The more I wear it the more I am seduced by the sweet unique smell. I cannot help but like it. 
5/5 without question. Worth the hype. It's everything I want in a fragrance when I go out. It's distinctive, sexy and projects powerfully.

Yes it's completely synthetic, yes you'll probably smell it all the time at high-end restaurants in Beverly Hills now and yes it's 100% worth it's price.

Performance is fantastic. I have jackets where this is still lingering 2 weeks later, in the best way possible. Projection is second to none.
Just tried this for the first time and woww... 

Everything I heard about this scent is what sparked my interest in perfumery again earlier this year, after nearly a decade. In fact, before I heard of this scent I didn't know Kurkdjian has his own fragrance house. Bought it not soon after the discovery, yet I refrained from trying it for over half a year, until now.

This is really something guys. And I'm critical towards MFK, believe me (or read my reviews). The opening is smooth and sweet, mandarin ambery and resinous, like a lightweight (frank)incense. 

As if there's liquid incense mixed with orange blossom honey. The incense vibe seems perfectly integrated with the orange, that to me also comes across as orange blossom. 

In the drydown the orange makes way and you get like only the best, masculine notes that are in Tabac (leather, wood, ambergris). The leatheriness stemming only from something oak moss contains, evernyl. Yielding a fine, powdery leather. Seems MFK picked exactly those (sub)notes which is perfect! Thanks to Baccarat Rouge 540 I can now also confirm the ambergris note in Tabac as I've never smelled it by itself. It's stronger in here though (the ambergris). As expected: fir balsam and ambroxan being present and highlighting it. 

BR540 is not a linear scent, it's turbulent! I don't think I've experienced that before in a way where such unpredictability is... laudable and must be 'calculated' so to speak. 

I like it a lot. I don't see any particular incense note in it now that I'm checking the notes. It must be the fir resin and the marigold. After looking up what marigold actually is I only have one drawback, a personal flashback and that is that I've smelled this flower as a kid and it doesn't particularly smell good. If I hadn't looked marigold up however, I wouldn't have recognized it. It feels so in place in here, unbelievable.

From October, 2016:

Baccarat Rouge seems almost too simple at first. You get a light whiff of something sweet--a vague cotton candy note over a nondescript synthetic woods, and an odd off-note that smells strangely like glue and...that's it. It seems unfinished. Incomplete and empty. Flat. But then you wear it again a couple more times and suddenly it opens itself up to you. The sweetness becomes addicting, bolder and harder to label. It's not like cotton candy at all really. The woodiness holding it together develops a fuzzy texture and you notice its tenaciousness on your skin and that its deeper than you first perceived. The fir resin becomes the star of the show, presenting something more in line with the sweet sap of a pine tree than an artificial candy. Beneath it there is a warm, alluring nuttiness that permeates the scent. It jumps out even more on fabric causing your shirt to smell wonderful. It blends with the sweet and I'm reminded of Boston Baked Beans.The next time you wear Baccarat Rouge the jasmine shows up, adding a new dimension to the opening, a pretty touch of florals to help balance the sweet woody aroma that dominates. Suddenly, the fragrance is not as simple as you'd first thought. This is an addictive smell that gets better and better the more you wear it. It's a compliment magnet. I haven't met one person who dislikes it on me and in fact I've received positive comments from complete strangers (which almost never happens to me). It seems to genuinely make people happy and draw them in. When you wear this, you'll catch wafts of it throughout the day, and you'll think "mmmm...something smells really good," and at first you might not even realize it's you. The same happened to me when I began wearing Amyris Homme. But then you realize that indeed, the smell is coming from you, and more specifically, from Baccarat Rouge. Then you're hooked. It's been chided for being cloying and overly-sweet and synthetic, but I actually find the composition to be on the subtle side. It's no shrinking violet but it's not loud in any way, and it's not obnoxious. Its different aspects reveal themselves patiently, everything's not upfront and in your face. Sample this, to see if it has the same effect on you, but be sure to wear it at least two times. I recommend three. Baccarat Rouge is quickly becoming a favorite of mine. It's a pleasure to wear and it seems to be received remarkably well. Thumbs up!

UPDATE: It's August, 2019, and I still love this stuff. Even more, in fact. 
I am more on the side of like for Baccarat Rouge 540. I disagree with the hospital or dentist vibe which many have claimed, but I do agree with what others have said about the funfair aura this fragrance emits. When smelling Baccarat Rouge 540 I immediately think of the funfair: toffee apples and candy floss, surrounded by traditional Gypsy caravans immobile on the cobbled streets. I get the feeling of being outdoors on a cold evening encompassed by wood, stone and confectioneries: yes, the funfair! 
This is on my Mt. Rushmore.  I'll admit it's a bit sweeter than I typically lean, but just the same, it's performance and attraction are undeniable. 
The most delicious pair of rubber gloves you ever smelled.

It stands out.  Leans feminine. 
Do not allow yourselves to be tricked
By this notoriously excellent and highly unorthodox fragrance
That's pretending to be something else.

Second opinion:

Somebody mixed up
Earth, air, fire and water in
The wrong proportions.

Third opinion:

I refuse to buy
Stolen information, this
Tire fire in heaven.

Fourth opinion:

Olfactive psy-op
To make us sympathize with
Burning museums.

Fifth opinion:

Divine trickery
Mixing up good and evil
In new-fangled ways.

Sixth opinion:

We may not need whales or oceans any longer for the sake of perfumery, but this fragrance shows that we owe them both a debt of eternal gratitude.

Seventh opinion:

Repeat after me:
Radical abundance is
Gonna be some fun.
Lovely composition.  A sweet, crisp, elegant, and satisfying treat to wear.  
This is a stunning fragrance. It's almost as if you have this fruity/sugary/strawberry/light woody smell that you can't quite get to because it is enclosed in a bubble of water. Sounds weird but if you have tried it you will know what I mean. Someone once told me while I was wearing BR that it was the most wonderful thing they had ever smelt. 

Very elegant, Very classy & Very sophisticated. Lasts forever! 


Mmm... Baccarat Rouge 540 is fabulous. It is crisp and clean and lasts longer than you do. The burnt sugar accord is very prominent and reminds me of Josh Meyer/Imaginary Authors Saint Julep without the mint, just a little in the opening. Baccarat Rouge however feels and smells nicer in my opinion. I'm also reminded of another fragrance as BR 540 dries down, and that's Slumberhouse's Sadanne. There's something that smells similar to me. Baccarat Rouge 540 is much more subtle than Sadanne, but there is something similar to my nose anyway.  I believe it may be the coniferous Fir Balsam note, as Sadanne definitely has the sweet aspect like BR540, with a coniferous aspect as well in it's dry down. Baccarat Rouge is smooth and feels incredibly well blended. I'm thoroughly enjoying this in such a way that I know I'm going to want a full bottle. The burnt sugar is lightly tinged with a floral softness that never becomes overbearing. It's a perfect balance between the sugar, florals, citrus, aroma chemicals, cedar and fir balsam as far as I can tell. It is quite linear, but increases in conifer and decreases just a bit in sweetness as it lasts and lasts, causing you to smell like a much classier dude than you really are. This one hits all the marks for me. It will be in my wardrobe eventually.
Bit more of a personal perfume than a room-filling announcement. 

I like it because it's smooth, simple, and sweet. It lasts a good long while. Is it worth $300? Eh, I dunno. But I love the cachet and the branding, so... sure! 

I purchased the 10mlx5 travel vial set with the golden atomizer from the MFK site in France for $235 and am quite pleased with my good deal.

This is an excellent "I don't know what I want to wear, but I want to smell good" perfume. It's like a refined, crisp white shirt paired with a good pair of jeans.

It is linear, but it's more expensive than what the other girls are throwing on from Sephora, so while it may be basic, at least it isn't common.

I hope this will be my go-to "I don't know what to wear, so I'll wear this" perfume for quite some time. It's just... easy.
I was really surprised with this one. Before I visited MFK section for trying A la rose, I didn't imagine that I will bring Baccarat at the spot. 

I think this one is very special... even the bottle has very special mood among MFK products. It smells like sugar, caramel and leather - very subtle and hard to explain its specialty. It is certainly sweet mood for the first time, but I can feel sophisticated layers in it.  

I think this one is extremely good for cold seasons. Because of its longevity, I often feel good when taking my coat off after coming back home. Highly recommended. 
This is ALMOST a teeny-bopper fragrance, gourmand, sweet sugar fragrance but there is something that pushes it into a more sophisticated league.  If I was marketing this, I'd put it in a "Hello Kitty" bottle. Just saying...
This one deserves more love... I don't get how people can actually dislike this fragrance ! It is a MASTERPIECE.

The scent is out of this world, if you are into sweet "cotton candy vibe" fragrances this is probably the best out there with Acqua e Zucchero from Profumum Roma.

The sillage with this one is stellar. The longevity aswell.

You might think that it is gone after a while but trust me, this fragrance is BEASTMODE and will easily fill a room without you noticing it.

Since it might not be for everyone, I would not recommand you to blind buy this, sample it first :)

Best wow factor/compliment getter from total strangers aswell. Enormous thumbs up for BR540 !
Roasted coffee mixed with that condensed milk smell from Angel, topped with flowers and mint instead of the lavender you usually get with perfumes like this, so the roasted coffee is at the forefront.

It's not bad, and I'm giving it a thumbs up, but there's no way to review this without mentioning the mountains of hype surrounding it.  I smelled it back when it was $4000 and was shocked that it didn't even bother to try to smell expensive.  There's no upfront expensive ingredients, and it's actually quite weak in concentration. 

I cannot even fathom paying $4000 for this, and honestly, it's overpriced in its $300 bottle as well.  The advertising and in-store hoopla around Rouge 540, treating it as the second coming of perfume, a world-changing arrival of new levels of luxury, is just laughably grotesque considering this is just another remix of Angel that's not as good as Angel.  It's worth a sniff and if you've got the money, you could certainly do worse, but don't believe the hype...

The value of Baccarat Rouge 540 depends on whether one values the "raw ingredients" or "the artistry" involved.

I personally think that this is a super sophisticated and unique fragrance. Very well done.

Artistic interpretation:
Beautiful shimmering fragrance that smells like the reflection of glass or metal. Can feel both cooling or warming sensation depending on the whiff you get. It is both transparent and dense at the same time.

Wow, Francis Kurkdjian managed  to bottle the smell and sensation of crystals. Amazing!

Technical interpretation:
Sweet woody amber with citrus (tangerine)overlay that is cotton candy-like. Stays sweet through out. Not the worth price because of the synthetics involved.


I love it. Doesn't get the love it deserves. Some say it's too sweet or too feminine. I can name a lot more fragrances men wear, that come across way too Feminine.
The floral aspect in minimal. I get more wood. So I would say it's an oriental Woody. Well done by Mr. Kurkdjian.
Lots of fruit and florals with really good projection.  I only sprayed a few sample sprays and kept catching whiffs for hours and I liked what I smelled.  Wife said I smelled "too feminine" at first but then, later on said I smelled like "birthday cake".  Best way to describe it is cotton candy flowers.
Kurkdjian excels at creating well turned-out perfumes. Smooth, seamless perfumes with lovely olfactory shapes and pleasant profiles. Of course, he also makes Cologne and Absolue pour le Soir, two of the dirtiest roses available, so he’s not limited to olfactory pleasantry. Still, most of the Maison Francis Kurkdjian perfumes have a mannered quality. Where various perfume lines promise Arabian fantasy or minimalism or narrative, MFK offers the comfort of normalcy. Only better. MFK gives us the mainstream, but with a perfection that negates the inherent dullness found in middle of the road.

Take the Amyrises. They are luxe versions of what you might find on the department store fragrance counters at any given moment—they are designed to be. They might not draw your attention at a distance, but up close the fit looks just too good to be off-the-rack. They balance a prim detachment with a wink to let you know that there’s more here than just an idealized designer perfume.

Baccarat shares the refined, muted quality of the Amyrises but not their designer style. It is more abstract and uncluttered. The polish, the precious-metal glow that many of Kurkdjian’s perfumes have is there, but the shape is less conventional. It riffs on a mainstream sensibility, but less so than the Amyrises.

The opening of the perfume matches the the nearly-fruity scent of fir to a juicy orange but cuts the sweetness with a mineral edge.  The saltiness and a cotton-candy note circle each other, yet Baccarat 540 skips the lingering caramel predictability of the current run of praline perfumes. The specific notes seem to recede over time as large olfactory images come into focus.  A marine/ambergris shape gives a balanced, synthetic profile to the heartnotes. The sweet/nutty pairing holds together through the drydown giving a cozy coherence from top to bottom.

Unusual? Yes.

Edgy? Not in the least.

Interesting? Try it and see.
Wore this tonight and I can honestly say I had over 10 compliments. This fragrance really made me feel a certain way when wearing it and I have to admit I loved it! Great buy for me
good sillage and solid longevity, totally proper for males, very interesting mix!
WOW!! MFK hit a grand slam with this fragrance! I haven't gotten this many compliments since Aventus! 2 thumbs up!! Its listed as a feminine fragrance but this can easily pass as a male cologne!

My favorite of the Replica series so far. The smoke and vanilla create a pleasant toasted marshmallow vibe that in my opinion is unisex and very mellow, not overwhelming. In fact, I think it could a bit stronger, particularly longevity-wise. Only lasts a couple hours, especially in any kind of heat. Definitely worth a sample though.
I love this fragance. Every time I go to Sephora, give a try. Looking to buy a full bottle in October '19. It's beginning to smell like Christmass.
This fragrance is an incredibly accurate depiction of roasting marshmallows in a campfire, and is incredibly smoky. You can almost see the smoke emenating from your skin when you wear this. But it's entirely pleasant due to the vanilla-marshmallow accord which sweetens and grows stronger over time while wearing this. I also detect some woodsy notes. On my skin, sillage is moderate leaning strong while longevity is very strong - in fact the strongest out of any in the Replica line of fragrances. The smokiness in the fragrance reminds me of Encre Noire by Lalique somewhat, but that is an earthy, dark forest while this is a very cozy, warm campfire in a forest. If Encre Noire represents Mirkwood forest, then By the Fireplace represents the warm campfires of the wood elves. This is also totally unisex. As a fragrance, this is incredibly unique and is an olfactory experience. Due to its strength and scent, I am giving this a perfect score.

5/5
Great entry in the Maison Martin Margiela line; generally, this house has very creative, thought-provoking scents that are a great alternative to the usual fare available out there.

Replica by the Fireplace sure resembles its name: Moderately smoky, warm woods with chestnut accord that is an experience more than an impression scent, IMO (although it can achieve the latter as well).  As one reviewer pointed out, this fragrance doesn't smell like a typical indoors fireplace per se; I liken it to an outdoors campfire vibe, livened up with vanillic sweetness. 
Sweet, woody vanilla with just a hint of smoke. This is warm, inviting and cozy like it is intended to be but it's not as heavy as I thought it would be.  Has something that kinda lightens or freshens it up, but the overall sweetness and vanilla keep this a cool weather scent.

Projection is very good.


I adore this so much. As others have said, it's quite a unique smoky woody scent, and it has a fascinating underlying balsamic note that makes my heart swell. By the Fireplace is a perfect winter/end of autumn fragrance.
I can't get enough of this fragrance. It's such an easy to wear smokey/woody fragrance. I love the underlying nuttiness it has, with just the touch of sweetness. Very warm and inviting. Also very easy to wear!
I usually don't like smokey fragrances, but this one is great. May be a tad too sweet (even though I love vanilla).  It's original. It made me think of when I burnt (a bit) caramel popcorn. I'll consider buying a full bottle.
smoky vanilla.this scent pretty much stays the same way from start to finish,only loosing some of the smokiness. 
Sweet and smokey... so far so good... then well its sweet (vanilla sweet) and smokey. Not sure if it's "fireplace" smokey but it is smokey.  It does smell nice but it's been done before and is very linear.  A neutral but the rating could be adjusted after a few more wearings.


Additional review.
After an additional wearing I have adjusted this to a thumbs up. It is gourmandish for sure.  Not as sweet as I originally thought and the vanilla isn't as harsh the 2nd time around. It has been done before for sure but I like it. Try before you buy due to redundancy and price. Enjoy!
I love this unique, smoky, slightly synthetic, overly sweet woody-gourmand weirdness. I get a lot of candy vanilla, smoked wood, and something balsamic in the background. Nothing more, nothing less. However, the combination of notes works great on my skin. Longevity and sillage are good.
What a wonderful scent for winter. I was expecting a very smoky accord, but the smokiness is very restrained. It's an all enveloping boozy, nutty, herby wood for the most part but with a warm balsamic sweetness (it works) in the base. 

A cosy 'snuggle up' drydown that lasts for ages.

Seems to have gone unnoticed here but is well worth checking out imo.

I'm glad that Zealot Crusader pointed out the strength and quality of the tobacco note in Burberry London as the beautiful cherry tobacco dries down quickly into a superior rich tobacco note that I really like. Along with CK1 Shock for Him this is an outstanding Christmas/Autumn fragrance. Longevity on me was not stellar, so I have a travel spray for portability so I could re-apply if I was out shopping or spending holiday time with extended family. For less tobacco I would go with CK1 Shock, but both are fall/winter winners and not overtly expensive so with the amount of reviews and if the notes appeal to you this would be FB and blind buy worthy. Thumbs up(and Happy Holidays/Merry Christmas/Hannukah, etc...)! 
I bought this one based on the notes...not the reviews. Got it dirt cheap. I could care less what the general public thinks.

This one is a winner. Smells warm, rich and masculine. It works in any situation. About as good as a men's fragrance can get. 
Beautiful beautiful boozy slightly spicy cinnamon on tobacco and some leather or resins. Very soft, sweet-ish, but in a nice and comforting way. Not very masculine to my nose, seems very suitable for a woman. I like how spices mingle with sweetness and booze, this feels and smells like Friday or winter holidays to me - Christmas in a bottle indeed. Would wear again and again and again. Unfortunately, longevity is very short on me - after 2 hours it's only a faint skin scent, after 2,5 hours it's almost completely gone.
Burberry as a fashion brand sticks painfully close to their conservative pastiche of all things British to the point that you just feel the "Proper English" rolling off the brand's clothing without even knowing the name. Likewise, one sniff of most masculine perfumes made by the house up until the release of Burberry London for Men (2006) communicated the same stiff feeling. Antoine Maisondieu had slowly been pushing boundaries within the this context when he made the violet-led Burberry Touch for Men (2000), then snuck in a little bit of rose to the otherwise prim Burberry Brit for Men (2004), but when Maisondieu composed Burberry London for Men, all dandyish or structured posturing was tossed aside for an earthly and fundamental kind of masculinity that Burberry wasn't exactly known for and still really isn't. Burberry London for Men is a tobacco fragrance at its core, a flavored pipe tobacco one with hints of Earl Grey tea to be exact, and brings home the feeling of old smoking rooms where Victorian men of importance blustered and rumbled their way through overgrown mustaches and woolly eyebrows discussing business. Burberry London is an altogether burlier and less-refined vibe than all the pale-skinned Y2K "dour and gray" Neo-Traditionalism-Chic hubbub that was getting the green light from Burberry before it came long, and is probably my favorite masculine of the house. Tobacco scents were all the rage in the 2000's as the darker, richer alternative to all the clean aquatic blue and fresh fougère things clogging up the shelves since the 90's. Tobacco really got a good revival in the 90's with scents from Italian houses like Dolce & Gabbana Pour Homme (1994) and Versace the Dreamer (1996), but had a slow uptick in interest just like gourmands as other 90's genres like the ozonic died away before the mid-2000's. By the time Burberry London for Men rolled along, tobacco was in full-swing and would carry on to a lesser extent through into the 2010's as well, meaning Burberry London was just the right scent at just the right time.

Burberry London for Men opens with a really rich Earl Grey tea vibe right off the bat, carried out by bergamot, black tea, and English lavender. There is some cinnamon here and black pepper to make it appropriately gourmand in style (as per the fashion of the decade), but merging with the Earl Grey opening is the main tobacco accord, giving Burberry London for Men a countenance that puts it right at home around a fireplace in mid-winter, or a Christmas gathering with family. Many guys with experience using Burberry London for Men often call it "Christmas in a Bottle" and for good reason, but I feel this aesthetic works well in fall or cool early spring as well. The heart of chypre-like leather is flanked by mimosa flower and all its honeyed sweetness, mixing with a port wine note that is the cause of the "cherry" effect on the tobacco. By this middle phase, I am getting big recollections of Révillon French Line (1984) with it's "cherry leather" accord afforded by rose and coconut, but here created with the port wine, leather, and mimosa flower instead. The tobacco is there from start to finish, and by the time we actually reach it loud and clear in the base, the rest of Burberry London for Men has simmered down leaving just that "cherry tobacco" feeling. Opoponax adds an incense-like sharpness in the base alongside guaiac wood, but the smooth tobacco and oakmoss assisted by a slight hint of tonka keep Burberry London for Men from ever being harsh. The overall effect is hours of that rich and sweet spicy tobacco leaf and wood, warmed over a soft leather that remains utterly masculine and inviting. Yeah, there is a bit of stodginess in the mix, but it wouldn't be a Burberry if there wasn't, and the feeling one gets when wearing Burberry London for Men is a feeling of comfort. Burberry London can get suffocating in hot or humid conditions, so this is strictly for cold or dry weather, and casual use since it has no seriousness outside it's recollection of olden days. Wear time is easily over 8 hours but sillage is not wide, with Burberry London for Men behaving more like an eau de parfum with a tight concentrated envelope of smell mostly for the wearer to enjoy. 

Mature men will likely love Burberry London for Men, and that very well may be the market Burberry was after with it, considering the bottle is even adorned with a tartan pattern sweater. It doesn't get much more cozy than this folks. Fans of either Earl Grey tea or flavored pipe tobacco will love Burberry London, and getting to have them both mingle on skin simultaneously is an even bigger treat. Burberry tried playing the Calvin Klein game of seasonal special editions for several of its lines in the 2000's, with Burberry London for Men receiving two such limited variants on the original theme, but neither are worth pursuing, considering how expensive tracking down limited editions years after their release can be. Burberry London for Men itself is so good, that anyone digging other tobacco fragrances like Calvin Klein cK One Shock for Him (2011), Jacomo Aura Men (2000), Vera Wang for Men (2004), or anything in this relative ballpark can almost blind buy Burberry London for Men and expect greatness. I normally don't recommend such leaps of faith, but only under the pretense that one is well-versed in the genre at the designer price point, would I say that Burberry London for Men is a safe blind purchase. Easily the best of Antoine Maisondieu's masculine work for the house, and maybe the best masculine from the house period, Burberry for Men is an essential for winter time and must-smell otherwise. This was instantly likeable for me, and my only bit of caution here is for people either on the fence about gourmands or tobacco scents, as this is literally both genres fused together, and not for people who don't like sweetness, food notes, or heavy tobacco in their perfume. After the release of Burberry London for Men, Burberry masculines more or less fell back into the same boring trap they were in beforehand. Oh, and just for the record, some older variants of Burberry for Men (1995) also carried the title "Burberry London" before this scent debuted, but that's another story. Two Thumbs straight up!
This fragrance along with Thierry Mugler Amen made me learn two Important lessons:

1) Never judge a fragrance in one wearing.
2) Fragrances smell different in different climates.

I tried Burberry London back home in India. It was summer time and London smelt very very cloying and medicinal. I rejected it there and then.


Fast Forward a few years.... I am now in Canada, Toronto. Its Christmas time with sub zero temperatures. I tried Burberry London today and it seems simply amazing. "Christmas in a Bottle" couldn't agree more. Its an amazing scent which does invoke the memories of the Christmas Season, of precious Christmas memories from the years gone by.

Such a happy and Joyous Scent strictly meant for the Cold Weather.

Highly Recommended.....
An absolute bargain for fall and winter, the fragrance has a lot of notes listed but mostly I get pine and tobacco with some spices and a bit of lavender. There is something making the whole composition slightly sweet which I enjoy in colder months..as reviewer's say it really is Christmas in a bottle. The other thing that makes this a special fragrance is the expert blending of so many ingredients, this has been created with a careful nose, you never feel like one ingredient is over added, a really well balanced winter treat. Performance is average but can be helped with extra applying and spraying clothes. The only negative for me is the piece of material they put around the bottle that gathers dirt and constantly moves..easy to take off tho like I did.
The opening of this one made me want to buy it directly. But the dry down was completely different and projecting too manly for a young woman like me. 
I go to my aunt Sue's house for Thanksgiving dinner. Her husband Bob runs a craft store out of their home. I wear my plaid flannel because they have a strict dress code at my aunt's house on Thanksgiving. Smooth jazz covers of PBS show theme songs fill the air. My cousin Jake does a shot of mulling spices and chases it by chugging a half-gallon of apple cider. Someone hands me a cinnamon pine cone from one of Bob's baskets and I lick it without thinking. Uncle Gary forgets to light his pipe and instead pretends it's a saxophone and plays along to the PBS songs. Someone spills the dish of toasted almonds. Everyone decides to hold Christmas instead of Thanksgiving, so we switch to eggnog. Then we switch to red wine. I pass out in a plaid wool blanket on a leather couch. It's the best night of my life.
I love this scent. Perfect cold weather scent. Spice, tobacco, leather, woods. Very pleasing and easy to wear. Gets tons of complements whenever I put it on. Can't go wrong with this one. Great price point to boot.
Warm, Earthy, Spicy.

Will forever be associated with fall colors and cooler weather later in the year, as it's been my casual signature scent for the past two fall seasons. Difficult too because I whitetail hunt that time of year and I really shouldn't be smelling like anything but it still gets the attention it deserves. The combination of cinnamon/nutmeg and that earthy undertone is really superb. 

It's another one of those scents that smells knockout awesome but doesn't last more than an hour (Black Walnut, Millesime Imperial). Great thing its found cheap and easily though because you'll need about 12 sprays throughout the day. 
Burberry London is a great scent. It's sweet and spicy. It's a warm scent. Imagine yourself in front of a fireplace smoking tobacco, your cinnamon and orange cookies next to you. 
It's dry down is sweet. 
Scent 
09/10
Longevity 
06/10
Sillage 
06/10

Great Christmas and Fall Scent. 
As warm as a wool-lined Burberry trench, this is a wonderful winter scent, truly evoking the scents of Christmas as so many have noted.  Burberry London creates a Christmas where pipes are being smoked by fires in paneled rooms, with booze and fruit and mince pies on the groaning sideboard and a freshly cut fir decorated in its holiday finery.  It is a romanticized Christmas, to be sure, but a warm and happy scent nonetheless.  The best thing that I have smelled from this house since its original men's fragrance so long ago.  While I tend to wear it in the winter during the holiday season, this would be an excellent way to bring the festive season with you all throughout the year.
I've had samples of this laying around, for quite some time.  I'm glad I finally tried it.  I love the way this smells on me.  Slightly sweet and spicy, I could wear this all day.

I don't detect any cinnamon leaf here.  The spiciness for me is the combination of opoponax, lavender, bergamot, and mimosa.  Yet, these blend into a sweet tobacco smoke with an undertone of leather and wood.  

It's just darn pleasant for me.  It's a smile in a bottle.  It doesn't come off as inexpensive even though one can buy this for next to nothing.
Got a sample to see if Burberry London could be my new Fall scent.  Like many have said--and I agree, BL is "Christmas in a bottle."  The scent is pleasant and smells of pine needles, sweet spices, and woods.  For me, the leather note is not very prominent, but picking out notes is not my strong suit.   

Though BL smells delightful, it flounders in versatility and performance.  BL is a cool weather fragrance only.   In fact, because of the close association of its pine needles and cinnamon notes with Thanksgiving and Christmas, the fragrance's use might be best limited to November and December only.   Performance, likewise, is not great.  At best you can expect little more than an hour of projection and a few hours longevity.   

All in all, despite its apparent limited use and mild performance, BL grows on you and is worth having in your collection.  There really is no other fragrance quite like it.

Also, on a very personal note, my wife seems to like it a lot.  Of my 30+ bottles, she has only really liked Sauvage, so her approval of BL is newsworthy (at least for me).    

Scent 8/10
Longevity 4/10
Projection 5/10

Definitely unlike the original Burberry London (classic) for men, this is completely new take that only shares the "London" name but has a wildly daring, different composition. This one is fresh, shimmering with several notes over time, leaving you wondering what's to come but not with dread.  I actually can sense the port wine and mimosa notes in it, unique and interesting!  Must test out first before buying: It's not like the linear, citrus original and may not suit all tastes or moods.
My favorite holiday scent, reached for often then and rarely during the rest of the year. Its a somewhat gourmand tart and sweet winner that I wouldn't be without. My juice is current. It reminds me of several aspects of Burberry for men (which I also favor) with the added effect of strong olfactory association with the holidays, most notably Christmas. 
At under $30, Burberry London is perhaps the most outstanding value in men's fragrance. You can purchase a tester or 1.7 for even less which is an absolute steal! Very high quality designer - rich, natural scent with good performance. I would describe it as a sweet woody tobacco lavender fragrance. Smells of tobacco, wood, and wine give it a warm, comforting feel. Almost a must have for the 4th quarter of the year. It is indeed a classic and I would add sexy and elegant too. For it's price Burberry London has to receive a 10/10 and might be the closest thing to a true blind buy!  
I received my Burberry London EDT and aftershave emulsion. Mmmm....so very nice! I wore it yesterday and it was superb! I was surprised by how much it reminded me of Chesapeake Bay Spyce Cologne, which is a good thing. But the Burberry London has far superior longevity and sillage compared to the Chesapeake Bay. Burberry London also has a sweeter vibe as well. Wow, I just enjoyed being enveloped in this excellent, manly fragrance all day yesterday. This is the first Burberry fragrance I've liked, and I really like it. I would highly recommend Burberry London if you want a solid, enjoyable high class gentleman's scent. I feel like this wears well in summer and winter. I know many could disagree with this, but I was very comfortable on a hot summer day yesterday and felt it was warm, but also fresh enough to wear well in the heat.
This was for a long time my signature scent. Both men and women and others loved it on me, and I loved it too. People were quite surprised I wore a male perfume (shocking, right). Now it holds too many teenage/growing-up memories that I had to let it go. My bonus-son is rocking my old bottle nowadays, specially in fall in winter (he says it smells like our northern Christmas eve).

For me this is a year-round-one, reminds me of my home. Pine trees and blueberry bushes in late summer. A harsh but romantic scenery. 

I could definitely detect oak moss, tobacco, black pepper, and bergamot. It opens up citrusy and develops beautifully during the wear, specially the port wine comes out after a few hours. I could detect it the morning after, which suited me well back then. Sillage is moderate with just two sprays.

Raw but very sophisticated. Will forever be one of my favorites! 
Truly outstanding. The metropolitan brother of Terre d'Hermès. Earthy, dark, natural, relaxed. Like a city park after the rain. My only complaint is the longevity - I wish it lasted all winter.
One of the few Burberry scents that I like.  It is a gentlemans scent.... more suit and tie than shorts a flip flops for sure.  Lots of cinnamon, leather, tobacco and wood notes.  Good longevity on me 7 to 8 hours with 3 sprays nice projection for about half that time.  Well done scent but nothing "different".  For the price get a bottle and try it out.... Enjoy!
Off the bat this is probably the most natural scent I own or have even tried. My nose picks up the tobacco on a subtle level. There is a very distinctive green note that gives Burberry London an earthy quality and makes the fragrance very 'genuine'. This is in my opinion a high quality perfume from Burberry which wouldn't be out of place in the niche category. It just smells like time and effort went into it. I am very happy to add this to my collection and it is fast becoming a favourite of mine. Thumbs up.
Very impressed with Burberry London. Was expecting something gourmand-ish but instead I get a tobacco/gentlemen's drink vibe that is really so good, I question if I can wear this year round so I can enjoy it more.  It seems to be light enough in projection but I am wary of wearing in warmer weather due to its dark elements.
Very nice scent IMO. Average longevity on me, but very mild projection after a couple hours. Which is just fine with me, because this is probably not the type of scent that you would want to be a huge projector. Perfect for you and those close enough to enjoy your scent aura.:) 

It definitely reminds me of the holidays...like late fall around Thanksgiving time. Lovely and unique port wine note mixed with the tobacco and spices...great designer release!

Salutation.

My advice to you this is never miss chance acquaintance with a new fragrance though if You dont like it brand because i am not lover BURBERRY fragrances style but indeed LONDON is a exclusion However it gives me Headache!

At a just scrutiny this masculine EDT is Attractive and Wonderful.Deep and Smoky.Starts Strong&Spicy a loud fragrance and pretty ordinary too but the change is Dramatic in Middle/Base notes as it is for me the most interesting part this one.The base is Warm and Extremely Woody due to Tobacco and guaiac wood.

LONDON is Heat in the middle of Winter.It is strong seduce enough to be wear during Evening out.Perfect for wearning it with a Leather Coat.Great for a Smart man who likes to feel Wonderful and Bold Then i recommend 100% to test before buy!

Sillage?A huge Sillage will be your partner during night.

Longevity?Above average on my skin.

7/10
London is one of my favorite formulations of the sweet tobacco fragrance.  With a sharp opening of citrus, cinnamon, and pepper, it is anchored by the tobacco, leather, and an indistinct sweetness, perhaps vanilla or the guaiac wood.   It sweetens and mellows in the dry down but maintains the same character (spicy, sweet tobacco) throughout its lifespan.

It is primarily a cold weather scent, but works well from day to night, given that it's not seductive enough to be for the night nor fresh enough to be for the day, strictly.  And while it is pungent, it's no so overpowering that it might not be able to work in the summer, but it's certainly more a mainstay in the winter.  Some reviewers offer that it reminds them of Christmas and winter holidays, and while it certainly works for special occasions, it's still quite versatile.

London has great projection and longevity (I get 8+ hours) for an EDT and is very affordable at under $30 for 50ml, slightly over $30 for 100ml.  This strikes me as a departure from most of Burberry's fragrances, of which I'm rarely a fan.

This needs to be tried by those who haven't, especially given how easy it is to own a bottle.

8 out of 10
Despite I highly respect their fashion side, I’ve never really been a fan of Burberry fragrances. London and Touch are basically the only ones I consider worth trying and/or having, and especially London. I am much of a fan of Antoine Maisondieu, and if you like him too, London is surely one not to miss. The notes may seem “conventional”, but the result is well distinctive and peculiar. It opens with a really nice and sophisticated sort of crisp, greenish, herbal tobacco accord rounded by a fantastic and really recognizable note of mimosa (that sort of warm “pollen” feel), and an equally unusual frame of notes ranging from slightly honeyed-fruity, to ambery (“ambroxan-ish”, actually), resinous-sweet and slightly floral, all topped with a sprinkle of spices; quite complex if you ask me, but it works just perfectly. Leather is listed, but you’ll have to dig for it, and it’s the usual sort of contemporary leather – subtle, clean, “polished” leather. Shortly it’s a sort of thin, quite discreet and really clean “contemporary herbal-Oriental” scent revolving around tobacco with a sprinkle of color around it - from greenish, to spicy, to that fruiy-resinous-floral stuff. It has a sort of  “niche” vibe, it smells creative and quite different from the usual mainstream paths, and the quality seems really good to my nose. The evolution is funny; the opening is quite bold and intriguing, then it looks like disappearing from your skin for a while, then it “arises” back again with a persistent and cozy drydown mostly comprising tobacco, leather and dusty-incense amber, still with a “manly” floral-honeyed nuance. Worth having for me; it isn’t a masterpiece but it smells good, classy, distinctive, rather “young” (in a positive meaning), much discreet but with a solid sillage, “contemporary” and with that sort of transparent, crisp cleanness that characterizes Maisondieu’s style. Well worth the cheap price.

7,5/10

This is the only Burberry I could wear thanks in part to Antoine Maisondieu. A great perfumer does a competent and memorable perfume for a less than average designer house. A bit thin and bare at times but you can see some great DNA and pre-structure elements in it from such other compositions as CdG's Black, Tom Ford's Velvet Orchid, and ELd'O's Vraie Blonde. The general public could do a LOT worse.
Burberry London is my go to office scent from November through February.   As others have stated, BL is an excellent choice for the Christmas holidays, but I wear it throughout the colder and rainy months in the southern United States.  I wouldn't consider it for a hot or summery day, simply because the scent does evoke a holiday or winter feel.

To me the scent seems very pine - herbal centric, with excellent longevity and mild projection.  I always get compliments and questions about my fragrance when I wear it and keep it in my rotation in the Fall-Winter season.
Light, warm, spicy scent...

Burberry London comes across as a light, spicy, oriental scent that if perfect for a gentleman. It has all the characteristics of a "serious" or refined masculine fragrance.

I like it. I also like that it's inspired by a city which I live in (London). Although I think this better represents someone's "idea" of London rather than the city itself. Like an old gentlemen's club. It's boozy, spicy, smoky etc. Like the classic Burberry winter coats, this feels like a cold weather, very English kind of scent.

It opens with a crisp, aromatic mix of port wine, cinnamon leaf and lavender. It's spicy and cooling at the same time, before an aromatic warmth starts to shine through. The guaiac wood makes an appearance and gives it a nice touch. I really like it. I think the leather and tobacco combination is what is special here... and it's what gives it the "old English gentlemen's club" vibe. I also think that this one is a great winter scent. Really great for Spring and Autumn too. I guess this could also be worn on summer nights, but never in the heat of day in my opinion. I think a lot of people would pick up on the autumnal vibe here in the sense that it smells like the trees and leaves smell when the weather starts to get cooler. This also reminds me of the smell of "mulled wine" around Christmas. With the herbs & spices and the boozy aroma. I think this would be great worn at that time. In terms of gender, although this is has a classic "gentleman" vibe, I suspect a daring type of woman could also wear this, and it's light enough not to offend anyone in any situation, as it's very warm and cosy (very lovable). It's an all round great choice for Spring, Autumn, and Winter. I recommend it mostly for those months.
Very nice.

On the opening there was some pine and almost like a mulled wine note, there's also some cherry coke in there too, together with a slight herbal tinge.

After drying down I have a very nice marzipan mixed with a little honey and the tiniest hint of cinnamon spiced apples.

Sillage is a little low, it's more of a skin scent, but it is great.

Perfect winter and christmas scent.
While I do think this one can stand on its own as simply a very nice fragrance in general, it really does live up to its common "Christmas In A Bottle" nickname/description.  So fitting for that season, yet so much more dignified than the themed necktie.  I have to admit, while I find myself wanting to wear it, I almost feel like I'm jumping to gun to put it on too early before the Christmas season - like when the Christmas marketing starts around Halloween or Thanksgiving and people (rightly so) shake their heads, that's the hesitation I feel with this one, though I should offer that I think that's just me and something in my head.

I'd just like to add, for anyone who had sensitivity to pine needles....  I've always found that being around pine trees tends to give me headaches and sometimes makes me sneeze.  I have yet to experience that aversion to a pine note in a fragrance/cologne.  So for anyone with similar sensitivities who might therefore be inclined to dismiss any fragrance with a pine note, I'd offer that they're actually among my favorites despite my sensitivity to real pine, I experience no aversion, and I'd humbly recommend that while caution makes sense, by all means go to a store and at least give it a sniff on a piece of paper.  You may find that, like myself, you were unnecessarily depriving yourself of some fragrances that you'll really enjoy.
What would I do without London in autumn/winter/christmas time? Honestly, I don't know any fragrance that conveys the feeling of cold and wet weather better than this one. I would never wear this in spring and summer. It's a winter scent, maybe the best. Even though it's quite cheap, nobody seems to wear this - at least not in my area. 

It has a sexy and elegant vibe to it, smells like a combo of cherries, pine and leather. Most women absolutely adore it but it's true for what has been mentioned - longevity is rather average, sillage terrible. I sticks 4-5 hours on my skin (which is ok) but after ~30mins, it doesn't really project farther than 20cm from my body (I carry a small sample of it with me most of the time). But those first 30 minutes are so awesome, I just have to like it. Wonderful scent!
Fabulous tobacco and spices fragrance.  In the top 5 of spicy fragrances in the world.
This scent makes u feel like ur walking thru a pine forest... the opening is green and very fresh. It is perfect for spring/summer and is a nice work scent.

Pros: Opening is fresh and not too herbal/grassy

Cons: Longevity. IMHO, I don't get to smell the heart and dry down of this fragrance. It sits too close to my skin and goes un-noticed after the 2 hr mark.
I am taking advantage of the South Florida winter to wear Burberry London. This fragrance is one of my top favorites. It is sophisticated and elegant. The tobacco and lavender notes are exquisite. I put it on in the morning and in the evening I can still smell it. I get lots of compliments when I wear Burberry London.    
Add me to the list of people who say that reminds them of the Thanksgiving/Christmas holidays. This is nearly a signature for me November 1 - December 31/January 1. I honestly wouldn't want to wear it any other time of year.

Unfortunately, I have to agree with everyone regarding the longevity and projection. It's decent for the first half an hour to an hour, but after that it seems to start losing its luster fairly quickly. Can't even detect it after 3 hours unless I sniff my shirt. Maybe others can smell it more on me after that, but I can't. That's a disappointment, but given how wonderful it smells, especially for the purposes I use it for, and how cheaply it can be bought through Fragrancenet the longevity and projection issues are an annoyance I can tolerate.

Tentative thumbs up.
London in December.  That is exactly what this smells like.  Spicy and fruity with some leather to back it all up. Smells wonderful... for about a full 2 hours.  If London lasted longer it would probably be my #2 cologne, however its relegated to certain occasions only because it simply can't be an everyday scent unless you have a 2 gallon jug of the stuff.  
Burberry LondonI have been wearing this cologne for more than a year now maybe 3 times a week. I spray it once on my wrists and spread it around my neck which helps the projection and longevity as opposed to when any cologne is sprayed on clothing. In my opinion, it is a very "loud" scent at the opening so I spray it about half an hour before going out because I fear it may be obnoxious for some people. That being said, I have gotten many compliments and the word that is most used to describe it is spicy. I prefer to wear scents to where people can smell them while being a two feet away from me.I don't want to go into the individual notes because that information is already available. For me, Burberry London gives me exactly what I want. The spiciness catches peoples attention and the projection simmers down to a point where I can be confident that the fragrance isn't disturbing everyone around me.If you want everyone to notice how good you smell, you're going to have to spray it within 10 minutes of seeing your target audience. If you want to wear a good cologne that you can call you own, gives you confidence, and isn't too invasive on the nostrils, Burberry London is a good choice.Pros: Makes a statementCons: May be too strong for some people"
review by stefly321	Bought this as a blind buy and agree that it does have a pipe tobacco and wine sort of smell. Would be best used in colder months. After the drydown it is quite pleasant and longevity is pretty good. 
I'm not really sure what to think about all the longevity and projection issues.

For me, it last just as long as other fragrances and I get wiffs of it throughout the day, so I think the projection and longevity is as good as any other fragrance if not better.

as far as the scent goes. Very unique, awesome cold weather fragrance. Only issue is that its probably not the best thing to wear in warm climates but I absolutely love the scent.


I really like this one.  It smells like Christmas...Evergreen tree, spices, There is no pine listed but it does smell like it.  Trouble is, like others have noted, there is little longevity.
Burberry London immediately grabs you with its combination of sweet port wine, cinnamon and nutmeg spice, and its starring dark guaiac wood and tobacco duo that is quite sweet and moist like the tobacco came out of a newly unsealed pipe tobacco pouch and placed in a fine pipe.  Projection is average and longevity above average. 

While Burberry London for Men's composition is quite sound and is often associated with the smells one encounters on Christmas Day, I find it has been outdone by niche scents like Clive Christian X for Men (albeit at a much, much higher cost) and reasonably priced high-end designer scents like Ropion's great Costume National Homme.  The bottom line is Burberry London for Men is a great value and well-deserving of its "very good" 3.5 star out of 5 rating, but its limited usefulness coupled with other more versatile spicy scents surpassing it has led to it finally being jettisoned from my collection. It's cheap quality sprayer breaking today despite many years of non or one day use must be a sign it is time to move on...
The overall scent makes up for the spotty projection and longevity.  I occasionally get a great wearing from this fragrance, but more times than not I need to apply more within a short time span.  The scent is very unique and fantastic in my opinion.  The tobacco leaf note is the note that stands out for this fragrance.  It's almost like a fruity tobacco scent that is great for the winter.

8.8/10

If a very nice smelling fall potpourri packet married with a tobacco infused cologne you'd have something much like Burberry London. This is neither bash nor compliment. But all in all, I enjoy Burberry London and reach for it far more than I am capable of justifying in words.

Despite smelling of dark and rich spice, this is a rather light scent. Too light really. I find myself wishing it were stronger and my body heat does little to boost the projection. Spray too much and the composition tends to become muddled and unpleasant.

More sensual than sexual, London is reassuring and comforting in nature much like pulling a warm blanket over you in the cold. Absolutely I get the holiday vibe. Cinnamon appears the only culinary note. Despite this I always imagine the odor of confections baking in the kitchen as is often the case on Thanksgiving or Christmas with a hint of the decorated evergreen standing in the living room. Lends itself quite well for casual or office use in fall/winter/spring.

The scent doesn't develop a great deal on my skin throughout its life with the tobacco note coming more and more to the foreground as the other notes die down. From what I've come to understand regarding the scent profile of opponax and having experienced the odor of mimosa blossom, there is a honeyed nature to the fragrance as well. Somewhat vegetal even. I have a hard time putting a finger on any definitive expression of leather within the composition.

I wouldn't imagine I'd ever want to smell like a potpourri air freshener nor baked pies but London earned a place in my heart right away. All the same I reach for it often simply so that I might have the pleasure of relaxing with it on me.

Thumbs up.
up their with gucci pour homme and d&g as far as the best cold weather scents. also dior intense. very smoky and woody. great atributes that lead to the longevity and brilliance of london. projects great and sillage is unimaginable. great also if you are a smoker. top notch stuff from burberry..
Burberry London is an excellent boozy, fruity, spicy fragrance that conjures fall and winter in my mind.  A walk down a city street with leaves drifting to the ground, snow flakes emerging from where it is they hide, stepping into a home with a fire in the hearth. This is one of those fragrances that is Proustian.  Evocative.  I highly recommend it.  It lasts about six hours on my skin, longer in my mind.
Darn good juice.  Tobacco, leather and spices. I envision the most interesting man in the world in a hot tub in Aspen surrounded by tan vixens.  I feel like I should be smoking pheasant in a log cabin when I wear this, but could just as well be sipping champagne on a date outside in the chill air.  The longevity is excellent. I still had this on my clothes 24 hours later.  The projection is pretty darn good.  Love it!
This is the perfect fragrance for damp autumn days - I dont know why but it's specifically wet days rather than cold days that it seems to suit so well - as soon as you put it on you think cherry pipe tobacco,a glass of mulled wine, barbour jackets and walks through pine woods to the pub! 

There is one big problem with this scent though - the longevity is pretty awful, I get a couple of hours maximum which is a shame, and there is no projection at all.
A wonderfully rich and warm traditional men's fragrance (that drives me pleasantly insane)!

Think horseback riding; think a den with lovely old books and the smell of fine cigar.

With the smooth buttery leather and tobacco wafts of London I envision curling up with a partner in a log cabin in front of a fire. I find it very comforting, warm, and sensual. 

This is a classically masculine scent helped by body heat -- the kind of scent I want to nuzzle into on my partner (or wear myself to bring back the memories). 

This is a winter scent for sure, more deep, base, buttery and smooth than Burberry Brit (which I find brighter, spicier, and also adore). 

For me the leather, tobacco, and pepper predominate and that's why I like it so much, although I do find this somewhat complex with the other lighter notes keeping my nose entertained, revitalized and coming back for more. 

It's a traditional kind of sexy that I envision on men looking to be distinguished and worldly (think Tom Selleck, think 'The Most Interesting Man in the World" campaigns) that I think could be worn by both younger or older men, just with the right attitude. 

If you want to make a nouveau art/design scent statement, this is likely not the one.

On me this scent has fine projection and longevity, and I find it so wonderful, that even if it didn't, frankly, I wouldn't care. I would just keep buying more.  

A vehement thumbs up from me!
Perfect frag fragrance for fall.  when I smell this I think of cool/cold damp foggy weather with leaves on the ground, or a thanksgiving day walking through the woods.  Very nice and unique.
unexpensive like all Burberry scents but a small masterpiece with a pleasant drydown that will follow you with the Ladies right down in the groove...
I've had a brief amount of time to sample this one.  Overall, it stands out from many other fragrances and seems very good for the winter.  I would probably give this one at least a 7 or maybe an 8 out of 10.
Great frag!  CRAPPY longevity....  If it lated more than 3 hrs it would rock!  I think then it turns into only a weak leather scent.  On the upside, it is a leather scent to die for.  The leather stays super close to the skin for maybe 1 more hour.  Best if sprayed onto clothes for me.  I can smell it the next day.  I wish I could get a scent of just that leather with a touch of the other notes.  My God!  Burberry make an intense!
London is a spicy, fresh, piney tobacco.  The port wine and cinnamon are fairly clear as well.  But regardless of the notes that may or may not be easily identified by me or anyone that happens to be wearing this fragrance, one thing seems to be clear: This smells of Christmas.  Now I know that's hard to explain, but from my point of view it just reminds me of the family Christmas party.  Spray it on a Christmas card and BOOM, the recipient has that much more holiday spirit.  

I think it could match the Thanksgiving party too.

Whatever, this is a warming fragrance that's perfect cold weather.  Wear it from November to March, unless Spring comes early.
One of my favourite fall/winter scents. The opening is pretty much spice, cinnamon is the big stand out to me. Then it mellows out into a more pine like scent while still retaining that intial spiciness. Some have reviewed it as "Christmas in a bottle". I would tend to agree with them.

Only downside is longevity. This begins to sit very close to the skin after 4 hours for me. Having said that, it isn't an overly pricey fragrance. I will aim to have this in my regular cold weather fragrance rotation.
Burberry London is a very mild fragrance, but the smells are very strong to the nose. Its definately a warmer scent, meant for cold weather. However, its alright during the Fall too.

The top notes are somewhat repulsive to me. If i were to smell the bottle directly, I would find the notes very strong; too strong. However, it's the middle and base notes that make this fragrance. However, some girls find the top notes nice, so maybe its just me.

The base (and middle) notes are the heart of this fragrance is in the base notes. The oriental spice is very captivating. Its warm, best suited for winter. But there's an inconsistency. Sometimes, you smell it, and it seems like its weak; then it almost seems to come back stronger after a few minutes. The projection is a little above average, and longevity is average, 6 or so hours.

I wouldn't recommend this for an beginner fragrance; but if you want to try something new, bold, warm, (and reminds you of christmas), then get this. Its definately on my TRY list, but not for a beginner.
Pines, bergamot and peppers done well! The initial impression gives off a lot of pine.
It's tamed after the 1st 10 minutes and u get this pleasing festive scent. It's a good signature scent. i see it doing well in all seasons other than summer! Very difficult to offend anybody with this one! 
It's to bad it does'nt last long because it's an amazing fragrance. The cinnamon and other spices make this an amazing scent that is my go-to fragrance for fall/winter.
Burberry London for Men by Burberry - Initially, one senses a fresh vibe from the lavender tempered by the bergamot; but this yields quickly to the cinnamon leaves and a dash of black pepper, conjuring up a pleasant, muted, spicy cinnamon note. Off in the distance, one perceives leather pulling this opening to its middle, where the leather becomes resplendent with a floral fruitiness from the mimosa flower and sweet fruitiness from the port wine. This festive heart meanders to the lovely base. This comforting base has a delectable tobacco vibe furnished by tobacco leaf, and an evocative woodiness from the melange of smooth guaiac wood, earthy oakmoss and nutty opoponax. This nicely blended composition cries out for the cold so it may manifest all its glory. The letdown is this well made fragrance only has average longevity and projection.
on my skin i get cinnamon,peppery,leathery goodness with this one ...wouldnt wear when its not cold out tho perfect for fall/winter etc. 
Happy Christmas folks!
Reminds me of fall. when the sky is cloudy. You're walking in a big jungle with so many pine trees in it! The rain starts and great pine tree's scent …..
Very natural scent that take me out of this world!
I only wear this fragrance when I'm alone at home and want to enjoy a magical fragrance! 
The only problem with this fragrance is it's projection and longevity.
Last for only one hour on my skin but this is a special hour in my day!
Well done Burberry.
Lovely stuff. One of the most pleasantly smelling fragrances I've smelled.
Had heard rave reviews about it.This was a blind buy and boy...I am glad I bought it.I love this edt.There is something special about this perfume which guarantees positive remarks from this scent.Port wine,tobacco,mimosa flower,bergamot and leather are the prominent scents which comes out of this wonderful fragrance.Tobacco on the dry down is icing on the cake.This is a refined fragrance which is best suited for formal evenings and a romantic date.Guys expecting on your face,straight fresh aquatic notes may be disappointed.This is a spicy oriental fragrance for people who want to feel confident and sophisticated.You are assured of getting positive comments from the opposite sex.
Another point which goes in its favor is that its a very safe buy.Not many people will hate it bcoz its a very pleasant scent.
Try visualizing Sean Connery,Pierce Brosnan,George Clooney or Brad Pitt wearing this fragrance.Thats what we are talking about.Pure sophistication.
My all time favorite fragrance.Hands down.
I own London, Brit, and the Beat. Of the 3, London is by far my favorite. Burberry is very good at making all their colognes different from each other. London reminds me of the holidays. A lot of people say that it smells like Christmas and I agree. It would be perfect to wear on a cold winter day with a button up shirt underneath a warm jacket, walking through a snow covered park. The projection stays pretty close to the skin and longevity is around 5-6 hours. It smells mature and classy. It almost exudes elegance. This is a good casual wear and date scent best reserved for winter/fall. I couldn't imagine sporting this cologne while walking down the Waikiki stip wearing shorts, a t-shirt, and sandals...that's what Acqua Di Gio is for ;)

Great scent!

Ideal for fall or winter but to be honest this fragrance may actually smell good on certain people no matter what the climate! My professor was wearing this in 90deg heat and it somehow worked!

Definately in my top 3 of scents. Perfect for cooler weather. Highly recommended if you're tired of the typical leather scents or gourmands that tend to dominate the senses once the cold weather hits.


Burberry London, as with all my purchases was a blind buy. I guess I just like the excitement of not knowing what I'm going to get. Then, that initial first sniff, that warrants a scent a worthy place on my shelf or thrown in the drawer for "dire emergencies".

This one, this one was a winner for sure, right from the get-go! I've never been as initially happy with any aftershave. And I don't buy aftershaves based on what notes I like, I don't break the scent down noticing the aroma and texture and other such stuff. I am, in short not a connoisseur. I just sniff it, and if it smells good I stick with it. 
But this I'm sure, would please just about anyone. Right from the average joe's all through to the real aficionados.

The name "Burberry" I must say did put me off until I read some reviews which put my mind at ease. I was expecting some, lager soaked, cigarette strewn council house with some Lynx thrown in to cover up, kinda smell. "London" put me off also, I'm a countryside boy. Not big into these hustling bustling cities.
Thankfully my assumption couldn't have been more wrong! 
It's a comforting, warm, cosy type smell. In a word "Cuddly". Especially fit for the colder months when you and a lady friend are getting settled down in front of the fire, with a cup of hot chocolate, while it rains outside.
This in my book is what aftershave's are all about. Yea, you smell good. But it's one of those that can quite easily create and capture a moment/period in your life. 
Something you can revisit years later and it'll take you straight back. After all, the sense of smell is the sense most closely linked to memory.
Top 5 without doubt!
I was eager to test Burberry London for Men as a potential purchase for my boyfriend, who is a rather heavy smoker. Unfortunately this fragrance didn't suit him, however I am quite captivated by the scent.

Burberry London smells like the ideal man to me. Masculine, strong, fierce and sophisticated. 

This fragrance is certainly spicy, but not in a nose-burning, Indian cuisine type sense. It's more peppery and herbaceous. 

In the opening, the violet leaf, lavendar and bergamot create a somewhat soothing and aromatic quality, however the pepper note insists on making this fragrance masculine and strong. 

The introduction of mimose in the heart is actually really unique in the way that it adds a little sweetness along with the smooth yet sexual scent of leather. Despite the sweetness, Burberry London has rugged appeal.

Although I am not a smoker myself, the scent of tobacco puts me at ease. I love the way my boyfriend smells; like smokey tobacco, mint-flavoured chewing gum, musty clothes and fruit-scented hair gel. The drydown in a way reminds me of him. It has a very smokey, musty and woodsy quality that I wouldn't mind wearing myself.

With that being said, although Burberry London is essentially a very masculine fragrance, a woman could perhaps succeed in wearing it. It would take the right kind of woman however.


Dip mild tobacco leaves in vanilla and cinnamon, store them in an aromatic cedar chest, and you've got Burberry London.  I find it works best as a "surface spray," arms, neck, etc.  As a chest spray, it gets a bit sickly sweet on me over time.  Still, it's beautiful stuff. 
Simply awesome.

Incredibly great scent, but with median sillage and longevity.

But it's still strong in my all time top 10 
From the first sniff, I was infatuated with this fragrance.  When I spray it on my neck, I find myself trying to turn my head quickly so it wafts up my nose.  

The port wine in this is refined and rich, and the tobacco is dark.  When I wear this on a cold night, it heightens my experience, like lighting a fire in the fireplace or wearing a warm trenchcoat.  

The only problem with this fragrance is that it doesn't last long, though my girlfriend can still smell it on me when I no longer can.  

Definitely in my winter/autumn rotation.
Didn't care for this when I did my first review on this. After owning a bottle I can see why so many members recommend this. One of the few fragrances that less experienced noses can enjoy along with the more critical noses. It does have a downside which is longevity and this is really something that Burberry dropped the ball on. An extreme or intense version would put this in holy grail territory for many a fragrance lover.
Really, really enjoying this right now. Were it not for its longevity (which is substandard, even by popular designer standards), this would be a 5 star scent in my book. Recommended try at the least.
Burberry London is currently my no.1 favorite, so far the only fragrance that has no fault to my nose, the only weakness is longevity, but that's okay, just wish it stays longer on my skin. Granted that I'm new at fragrance, and the number of fragrances I've tried are far too small for afficionados here, but I can smell quality when I sniff it. 
Masculine, sophisticated, mature and calm, the other frag with this impression that I can think of is John Varvatos, which I also love, but its much more meak down in the progression, and while longevity wise it's about the same, the dry down is all sweet vanilla on me, so I was very disappointed every time the basenotes starts to fade. 
Burberry London really is the opposite, the progression from the first top notes (which to my newbie nose keep smells like avocado) really takes you on a journey, just enough sweetness, complexity and balance, to a satisfying end on a very cozy place. Every time I try to imagine what the smell makes me think of, I keep seeing myself being out at night with friends in a small, smoky, crowded yet very cozy friendly bar with the list of music such as coltrane, duke ellington & johnny hartman playing and you keep enjoying yourself until you realize its 1.30 past midnight and it would be disappointing to end this soon but it's okay, you had a great time. 
After some time, i find myself wishing the top notes and base notes are switched. Then i would give this fragrance a near perfect rating, 9 out of 10! For now, it just has to be satisfied with 8/10.
Definitely will keep this in my wardrobe until I get tired of it in the next 10 years.
all i can say is i love this stuff
i get the toBacco note, it's more sweet in the Basenotes

the viBe i get with this it is very warm
for some reason i dont know why, it reminds me of a sweet sparkling BuBly capuccino
i don't drink coffe , But that's the vyBe i get
it's elegant at the same time.

one stripper once stopped me to ask what i was wearing
and she kept complimenting me on how good i smell

this fragrance makes you imagine aBout a day at home
with the family
at the kitchen they making cookies
everyBody drinking hot chocolate, surrounding a Blaze.

i see in the piramid that this fragrance doesnt contain those notes (chocolate, coffe)
But im just telling you how i get this 
Burberry London is a woody, spicy, oriental fragrance that has an outstanding reputation. It also is on the cheap side, which is nice. The note lineup is very nice and extremely unique. I mean Cinnamon, port wine, leather, and tobacco, I can not say that I have seen notes like that in any other fragrance. It really comes off as a very spicy top, with a floral aspect, given from the lavender, and a tiny hint of citrus. As it dries down, it becomes even darker, and much more woody. The port wine, tobacco, and leather come into play. They give Burberry London that boozy, intoxicating feel that it is known for. This is a perfect fragrance for the winter and fall, and it would be hard to find a better fragrance for the holidays. It is pretty masculine and mot certainly very unique. Longevity can at times be spotty, but I usually get 5-8 hours when I wear this fragrance.  This is for sure an amazing complement getter as well. Overall, Burberry London is by far one of the most unique and interesting fragrances that I have ever encountered. The notes help to make this one extraordinary along with the unmistakable bottle. For any one looking for a woody, spicy, oriental fragrance to us during the fall and winter, I would strongly recommend Burberry London.           
I love it.  Imagine chewing on a leather jacket covered in cinnamon and sugar... well it wouldn't taste so great but it sure does smell awesome.  The leather smell combines with some other ingredients that are less apparent to have a base smell thats manly and thick, and the top smell is that spicy sweet thing... so its like you're tough but also edible at the same time.  Totally rad combo.


Just Wonderful!
I love this.  It's so... delicious! (haha don't really know my stuff)

For sure one of my faves.
great scent as we all know and one of the safest out there. not offensive to the nose even though it is full of spice and you cant go wrong with it. I bought it blind and am happy I did.  only problem is on my skin it doesnt project that well or last very long, maybe 4-6 hours. I still give it a thumbs up due to the smell and its relatively cheap so reapply isnt that big of a deal
I got this cologne a few weeks ago.  I sprayed a sample on my arm from Perfumania, and then walked out.  The initial smell was very weird.  So I started walking around the mall for about 30 min.  I was hungry, so I decided to get a grab to eat at the food court.  While eating my Panda Express (Orange Chicken, Kung Pao Chicken and Fried Rice) I took a sniffed on my arm, and I was like wow! this is a great cologne.  It's very unique.  Sweet, spicy, and very unique.  I know this cologne has been out for a while, but the plaided bottle is not very attracted, so I never tried it out.  After my lunch at Panda Express, I walked back to Perfumania, and I said can i get a bottle of the Burberry London?  The cute sales lady asked me which size I want?  I was like, I'll take the biggest size you got there please babe.  She was llike nice choice...good news for you too..you get 30% off this cologne...so I paid for the Burberry London and told her thank you and happy holidays...Overall I give this cologne a 2 thumbs up! and would have to say this is my favorite cold weather cologne. 
Burberry London is a simple square bottle with a plaid “cover” on it. It’s a different design, and fits into the Burberry line. Overall this is a great mature scent with a ton of spice throughout the fragrance. It starts out with a lavender/bergamot opening. This goes away rather quickly and the rest of the scent is spicy note. The cinnamon note really comes out and mixes slightly with a note of leather and port wine. It overall has a classic winter/holiday scent to it. For me it takes me directly to Christmas, snow, fresh cut Christmas trees etc. Burberry London screams festive!

The issue that I had with this fragrance is that it just wasn’t consistent. Some days it lasted 2 hours and then it was just totally gone. The next day it would last 6-8 hours with really no reason at all. The projection on this for the first few hours was great, and then after the initial drydown (2-4 hours) it gets close to the skin. For me Burberry London is a perfect evening wear scent, but I could see it being worn during a winter day. I think this is the perfect fragrance for those December activities either in or outdoors. This is a spicy fragrance, and I’d mainly suggest it to the 20+ crowd. I think it’s perfect for 25+ but it can be pulled off by younger folks. Again I see this as a date/evening fragrance. I wouldn’t use this at a party, but more an intimidate setting.

BURBERRY LONDON = TRY

If you’re looking for a fragrance to be worn in December, then this is perfect. It really depends on your motives. If you’re a one/two bottle of cologne type of person, then I’d say just get a sample of this. It simply isn’t versatile enough to be purchased for those folks. However, if you’re a person that has 5+ bottles for different occasions, then I think this is a buy. It just can’t be beat for the winter evenings and in those intimate settings.
Scent strength: moderate
Recommended age: mature
Scent life: 2-10 hours
Recommended use: casual/evening
Classification: oriental/spicy
Price: $$

<a href="http://www.thecolognereview.com/">Cologne Review</a>
What an evergreen this already is, and I am not refering to the notes. The colour of Burberry London to me would rather be a very deep maroon. It holds all of the qualities I am looking for in a man's fragrance, and it has it's very own distinctive style that, in my mind, makes it incomparable to other scents.It is just remakable how complex and yet extremely well balanced Burberry London is. From the well pronounced cinnamon and the black pepper, soon balanced with the lavender, in the opening, through the tobacco and leather, to the beautiful clean, almost soapy drydown with the cinnamon still shining through.Longevity-wise people have complemented my smell long after I thought it had faded away. And lately I have tested this by spraying my wrist in the afternoon and still have smelled it the next morning. Some fragrances do tend to make the wearer "immune" to the scent after a while.I never thought I was going to say this about a Burberry-scent, but Burberry London is one of my all-time favourite fragrances. And did I mention the versatility?
This one definitely grew on me.  I was initially repulsed by its woody, boozy feel but I eventually got to love the cozy vibe it gives.  Not much else smells like this, and it gets compliments like crazy.  Hands down the perfect Fall fragrance.  
A true Classic !!! This scent to me smells like a brilliant blend of Pine and Cherry if they were to clash... A classic scent that I would love to wear but right now I feel its to mature for me... Prolly my 2nd favorite scent though next to L'eau D'Issey !!!Rating: ranging from 1-10 Smell: 9.25 Projection:10 This has perfect projection for the first 2 hours not too overpowering but you deffinitly get a smell of someone wearing this when there near) but then dies down and stays close to the skin after the 2 hour periodLongevity: 6.5 ( I get anywhere from 2-6 hours with this) so time varies a lot and is unpredictable Overall Rating:8.75 (I really want to give this a solid 9 but since the longevity is so sketchy I have to give it an 8.75)Age Range:25-60Best Seasons to use in: The perfect fragrance for fall and winter Best uses: I see this as a good going out fragrance, but can also be used for intimate settings and formal occasions such as church,dates, and formal dinners
Someone asked me the other day if I could chose the smell of my sweat, what would it be. Two words: BURBERRY LONDONThis is a bottle size version of a: dimly lit room, walls covered with dark paint and shelves of classic books. Stained wooden floors, every item of furniture is leather, and there's a cigar case sitting next to a bottle of scotch atop the wine shelf.Burberry London oozes class and style, simply brilliant. And no it doesn't smell like an old man or his wife's spice cabinet. It is an intoxicating warm/mysterious scent. Its not a BAM in your face, here's what I smell like type of cologne. No, It welcomes you in and takes you on a tour. It is a symphony! The Cinnamon and Lavender balance each other out to put out sweet calling card. The Citrus and Black Pepper meld together with the Port Wine and Leather to create a warm, rich syrup. And lastly the Tobacco (not a smoke, but a leaf smell) and Woods are the raised stage that all the scents are set upon. All the world's a stage and this is your soap box that will get you noticed.

Bought this blind based on the many good reviews and i am not at all disappointed. Knew this was a Fall fragrance that is spicy and rich. I had imagined it would smell a bit like burning leaves or Halloween, however it turns out to be more of a Christmas smell. Imagine a pine tree with some nice spices like nutmeg and cinnamon. Very deep and soothing scent. Definitely try this one out. I would think people would either love it or hate it. I personally love it. Enjoy :)
This is one of the sexiest fragrances that I own, and it is also my most complemented fragrance. A lot of people have longevity and sillage problems with this, but I don't know why. I go one spray on the neck, one on each wrist and I am getting complements about it 8-10 hours later. For example. I'll leave with a group of buds at 6PM to go for supper and clubbing. By after supper I'm just getting into the heart notes, I really get the port wine on my skin but at the same time I can still smell the lavender and cinnamon. Around 2 o clock, girls are still smelling me, especially the tobacco drydown and I'm taking them home. This thing is the best wingman you'll ever have, dont just take my word. Go try it.
I love Burberry London. It makes me think of James Bond. It just screams romance and sexiness. The longevity isn't all that great but frankly that works pretty well since I don't think I've ever put this on before 7 PM. It is a night-time fragrance only. It definitely strikes me as the most complex fragrance with the least amount of change while you're wearing it. It manages to hang on to the same spicy/floral/leather+tobacco scents in the same proportion for hours without ever devolving into some boring one-note drydown. I also like spraying this on my pillows before going to bed. 
I like the spices and the port wine note in Burberry London.  For me, it's a good all round fragrance that's suitable for both casual wear or office attire.  Good stuff.
One of my BEST evening scents. Absolutely perfect for cold nights and romantic dates.
I confess, I am a bit of a niche perfume snot. I tend not to give highly commercial fragrances much of a chance for fear of being doused by a counter attendant in headache-inducing, 90%-diesel-fuel EDT's that reek mostly of expensive and clueless desperation . . . BUT . . . I was so pleasantly surprised by Burberry London.It's a laced-up fragrance with a sophisticated and contemporary twist. Right out of the bottle you get a really soft green bergamot and a sagey-dry lavender, soft powdered leather, like Victorian frangiapanni gloves, but with a lot of elegant structure from the sweet tobacco and oakmoss on the bottom. I absolutely love the wonderful solar tobacco accord in this scent which stays on loud and proud through the dry down-- all 6 or so hours of it. It is so warm and bronzed that it almost reads as black tea. The silage is good but not amazing-- not a problem for me since I like to wear scent that stays close to the skin, and I find London to be one of those scents that you wouldn't want to catch wind of unless you were close enough to be dancing, it really requires that underlying warmth of human skin to come off at its best.My skin tends to sweeten scents that are a bit more masculine, and this scent could be very masculine on some, but I am a woman (who loves ballsy leathery scents and unisex chypres) and I feel very confident wearing this scent out in a elegant vintage 30's dress. It's intellectual but just dissident enough to be both serious and a bit iconoclastic. Some have raved about the port wine note, but it's truly not very prominent on me-- it is not the least bit boozy. I would mention, too that while it seems at first to be a cool-weather favorite, the woody tobacco and mimosa in the drydown actually make it comfortable for warmer weather, it has a bit of a sun-baked dried-hayfield in it, especially when you're warm yourself. 
No matter how many times I've worn it, it keeps me intrigued.  I can't stop smelling myself.  Perfect warmth, perfect spice, perfect mystery.  I love it.  I wouldn't change anything about it.  It opens up sweet and spicy from the port wine and cinnamon, and is warmed instantaneously by the leather and tobacco.  Not a cigarette smoke type, but a really rich unlit pipe tobacco.  
Most of Burberry's fragrances are dull as dry toast, so I expected to hate this. So what a nice surprise it was for me to instead find a rather bold, peppery tobacco and leather scent that gives off an olfactory illusion of being a sweet patchouli scent. I think the combination of the port wine, pepper and tobacco give that illusion of this having a ton of patchouli in it.  Buberry London gets better over time, and in fact smells even spicier and drier as it evolves, but it always maintains its slight sweetness, probably from the leather and port wine, and it never spins out of control into a syrupy or spicy mess. No longevity problems for me either with this. This is an excellent fragrance.My rating: 8/10
excellent scent for night and romantic occasions.......its definately very hip and sexy with a nice edge to it and the drydown is amazing
Nice gingerbread smelling type cologne but at the same time you can smell the port wine,  leather and tobacco making it very mature. I see this as a dress shirt and slacks fragrance. LOVE IT.
Lavender and violet leaves strike my nose instantly every time I press the spray. Very pleasant, sweet and spicy at the same time but not cloying at all ☻This is one of the most elegant woody fragrance I ever smelt ☻IMHO, formal dress goes pretty well with this fragrance as it has a maturity into it. Burberry London is a pretty unique scent in my cllection.Longevity is minimum of 6 hours on my skin. Sillage is rather decent. Tobacco leave and oak moss drydown is fascinating to my nose.☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻Wonderful British gentlemen scent☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻▬☻ 
Owned it. Loved it. Returned it. Intoxicating scent. Smells like wine, with just the right amount of leather. Rich aroma. No matter how old you are, makes you smell "more mature than your years". Smells intellectual, mature, confident, self-assured. Too bold, too loud for my lifestyle, for my "target audience". A twenty-something wearing this in public, even on a night-out, will attract A LOT of attention. 
The ultimate cold weather scent. Smells mostly of cinnamon. Is very unique and inviting. It doesn't last very long but projects well. I've prolly recieved more compliments from wearing this scent than any other. You will never tire of smelling this amazing scent.
Awesome fragrance. Too bad it has very very poor longevity (4-5 hours). Hey, that's life.
I love the smell of Burberry London, absolutely one of my favorites.The only downside is that the longevity is too short on my skin. 
Top notes can be a little bit intimidating for someone afraid of smelling like your grandfather.. reminds me of the original green polo for some reason.  After a while it soothes down to a sophisticated, earthy but sweet scent that I find to be more for personal enjoyment than to be making any kind of statement.  it does set the mood for christmas..its nice, you owe it to yourself to try it on your wrist at least once in the winter. alright longevity medium to poor sillage.
I really like this fragrance a LOT. I was never interested in Burberry fragrances but after reading so many great reviews I decided to buy a bottle.The fragrance is very well crafted but it does not last very long on me and that is a problem. For some reason this juice makes me think of Christmas I can almost "see" the Christmas light and trees. I love the sweet tobacco notes, very well executed, it is mildly boozy as well. I also get a tender vanilla note that plays in the background but since there is no vanilla it must be the lavender/cinnamon combined. This one is a winner in my book. Well done Burberry!
For me this is a peppery, bergamot, lavender and leather potion, that is better out of the bottle and on your skin.  The dry down is nice and warm.  It is a typical quality frag from Burberry.  It may be a little to much black pepper for some, but that note retreats after an hour or so of wearing and the lavender and leather kick in. It is a 'pepe' style EDT that I recommend for the twenty+ crowd, and for evening events.  
Just a wonderful fragrance. At first I wasn't won over by the almost cherry-like port note that permeates throughout the progression, but i've grown to love it from start to finish. The dry down is one of the best i've experienced at my current early stage in fragrance discovery. You get the smoke and wood, with that port juuuust peeping in to lift the whole thing. The port note is somewhat cloying, but definitely in a good way, as it helps balance the notes in the dry down. Definitely a cold wintery scent. It paints a picture of sitting by the fireplace eating Christmas pudding while the grown ups are in the background drinking wine after the big Christmas dinner. In terms of longevity and sillage, they're not terrible, but they're not exactly great either. Now sillage is probably a 5/10. You'd probably have to stand like a foot away (if that) to notice it. The longevity (on my skin at least) is rather strange. While the main body of the scent lasts around 5-6 hours for me, i'll easily be able to pick up at the very least a tiny bit of the tobacco and definitely some of the port probably 12 hours after application. Overall a wonderful fragrance for colder weather, marred only by the spotty longevity.  
This is what class smells like on a cold autumn night.  Rich, rich scent of oranges and cloves over the leather.  Does not fare well in the Texas heat so I save it for the special occasions in the (brief) winter months.
Christmas in a bottle basically. All the scents of the season. Very "dry" drydown so it won't last too long. Nice.
Classy, arrogant, a bit uptight, conservative, but once you get to know him he is open, warm, humorous, yet calm. That is me, that is this Burberry London. Beautiful!

Update - a lot of folks complain about longevity, but I get 10 + hours with quite a good projection.
Great Scent. Very Modern. Something wrote on this forum that Jaipur pour Homme by Boucheron was similar and superior to London is competely wrong. Jaipur Homme doesn't smell anything like London. Jaipur smells like the old barber shaving cream. Leave the jaipur homme for old gentlemen in their 70s and enjoy the warming scent of Burberry London.
It was late summer 1994 and I was on a 6 week assignment with a travel agency just off Piccadily Circus. On one of the evenings, a group of us headed off to a bar for drinks and had a blast at karaoke, making complete arses of ourselves. That's what this scent reminds me of - 'making arses of ourselves'. OK, just kidding. I'm talking about the atmosphere. From the peppery boozy opening right to the mildly powdery sweetness tinged with tobacco smoke. Unfortunately, longevity issues mean the fun ends rather abruptly with someone yelling "Hey, stop hogging the mike...!"       

A fresh classic. Still, in 2020, this one does not smell dated to me. Sure, nothing super special about it - just a nice, clean every day fresh scent.

Low priced and long lasting. I get longevity of a full work day (8 hours) and above average projection for close to 2 hours.

No wonder it has been a top seller for decades.

The scent 8/10
Projection/sillage 7/10
Price/value 9/10
32 years after it's debut, and this Godfather of the aquatic-freshie genre is still a very popular best-seller, that transcends generations with it's winning, timeless fragrance!

Jasmine, lavender, peppermint, sandalwood, oakmoss all combine so nicely in a fresh symphony. Straight-forward yet multidimensional in it's development, with various aspects of the fragrance delightfully returning in gentle wafts hourly during its dry-down!  And so affordable!  You just can't go wrong with this.
I don't think anybody who is familiar with fragrances at all doesn't know what Cool Water smells like.  It is just part of the human DNA now.  Clean and powdery.  Modern fougere.  Will be recognizable to most, and will seem a bit low class because of its prior ubiquity, and its immediately recognizable profile.  It is a good fragrance.  Usable anywhere anytime. 
Cool Water wasn’t the first aquatic on the scene but it was the first to make it big. And to find out why, we can compare it with Pierre Cardin&#146;s Bleu Marine which came out a couple of years earlier.

Bleu Marine was basically a fougère touched up with   salty-aquatic and tree fruit nuances. In 1986 the aquatic had hardly been born and this was all very new; little surprise then that the aquatic element in Bleu Marine was rather tentative. 

Although Cool Water's message was very similar, it delivered it in a much bolder and legible way. Here the salty-aquatic and tree fruits are pushed right to the fore, and the fougère sits at the back. It's as though they are both saying the same thing but Blue Marine is talking out of the back of its head.

Cool Water was a winner; not because it was a novelty, but because it was on trend, daring, and spoke with perfect diction. 

*****

This rating is for the vintage, original Script-Logo version.

I had the original in 1988, and outstanding memories of it.  To me, it always smelled slightly different, but complex, depending on the day, weather, etc.  I only recently rekindled my interest in fragrances.  So I got a bottle of the current issue and tried it--nothing like I remembered...it smelled mostly like Windex.  I wondered what happened?  A little research led me down the path of the IFRA regulations, and the supposition and general consensus that CW was ruined by reformulation.  

I tried to buy a vintage bottle from eBay, but the first one that I got was a fraud--smelled rotten, not even a nice Windex smell, lol.  I returned that and did more research.  The vintage bottles are the ones where both "Davidoff" and "Cool Water" are in a script font (like an original MXR Phase 90 if you are a guitarist)...found one from a reliable seller, and cracked it open....

And there it was, the memories of being at the beach or always wanting to be there, the lavender, the complexity, the slightly-different each day morphing of the scent, of a nicer time, when things made more sense and there was a world of possibilities.  Yes, I paid a bit too much, but it was like a time machine in a bottle, and it reminded me that I still have roads and beaches left ahead of me and the drive to make things happen.  Too much to expect of a fragrance?  It's the power of olfactory nostalgia.  That's what I paid for, and why it's the number-one-of-all-time item in my fragrance collection.  It makes me happy, and I am glad to have it back.  I missed it...and only the real thing would do.  It reminds me of who I am. The current version is nothing like the original, and the original is amazing--just be aware of the difference.
What can I say about Cool Water that hasn't already been said?

Let me get a few things out of the way, first.  This actually came out (1988) after Green Irish Tweed by Creed (1985).  It's just that most people hadn't heard of GIT due to its extreme price tag and limited availability, and the fact that Cool Water was nothing short of being rife among the general public when it was released.  I bring this up because Cool Water is often compared to Green Irish Tweed, and there are definite similarities.  This is most likely due to the fact that Pierre Bourdon was perfumer on both scents, so you're not getting a "cheaper" version or "ripoff" of Green Irish Tweed, so much as you're getting a variation of it.

I'm biased in my review of this as I associate this fragrance with the time that it came out and for the unfortunate fact that when I was in high school, Cool Water became the alternative for a shower after gym class, or for some people, bathing in general.  When I smell Cool Water, I inevitably brace myself for the base notes of armpit sweat and BO that I for so long associated with this fragrance.  It is what it is, and I doubt I'll ever be able to break the association.

That said, Cool Water is the grandaddy of aquatics (though this is a fougere), as this is really the first scent I can think of that legitimately smells like a take on water.  This is a daytime scent that works well during the spring/summer and is safe enough to be worn anywhere.  This is the true definition of a dumb-grab.  It paved the way for hundreds of derivative scents and on its own merits, it's hard to dislike.  Of course, if you remember the times when people seemed to essentially delouse themselves in this stuff (along with Drakkar Noir (1982) and Eternity for Men (1989)), it may skew your ability to have total fondness for it.  When thinking about this scent in an agnostic way, focusing strictly on its physical qualities, it's hard not to like it.

If you're looking for a good warm weather workhorse, pick up a bottle.  It's inexpensive and you can find it anywhere.  If you suffer the illness that many people here -- myself included -- have that causes you to collect bottle after bottle of fragrance, you should buy this and have it just for the sake of reference alone.  It is an icon, a legend -- slice it however you want -- and it's earned its fame and stature.  Thumbs up, without hesitation.
An unqualified legend. Cool Water is a fresh, green, somewhat aquatic scent that is notably reminiscent of Creed Green Irish Tweed (GIT). I liberally use Cool Water when I don't want to tap into my prized bottle of GIT. Less-sophisticated noses would probably be unable differentiate Cool Water from Green Irish Tweed within 30 minutes of application. 

Overall, Cool Water is an extraordinarily easy-to-wear fragrance that is suitable for casual or office use. Davidoff created a fragrance that lives up to its name. Cool Water is a wet, fresh, woody fragrance with a light floral note (germanium). On the other hand, GIT is a dry, fresh, woody fragrance with a light - albeit different - floral note (violet). 

Cool Water opens with soft lavender mingling with orange and mint. The rosemary top note - while well documented - is muted. The opening is fairly germanium-forward. This floral note tempers the dry oak moss middle and lends an overall softness and "wetness" to the scent. Conversely, GIT's oak moss teams up with ambergris, violet, and iris to create a much "drier" feel. Cool Water's dry down is heavy on sandalwood and musk. The drydown is somewhat linear and decidedly more floral than GIT. GIT's drydown is a rich and complex combination of ambergris, iris, and sandalwood. 

Cool Water is a complex scent for a department store staple. It is a safe blind buy and an impressive alternative to its far pricier Creed peer. In a crowded room, many folks would be unable to detect much of a difference between Cool Water and GIT. However: the beauty of Creed is what happens to your shirt 24 hours after wearing it. You'll know what I mean after trying both. If you enjoy Cool Water, I guarantee you'll enjoy Green Irish Tweed. If you enjoy Green Irish Tweed, you *probably* won't be disappointed with Cool Water. 



Undisputed living legend of a fragrance (it's #9 on the basenotes.net "Top Reviewed Men's Fragrances" list).  Davidoff's Cool Water - like it or hate it - is everywhere from department stores to discount marts and a true classic.

Cool Water is a fresh, spicy aquatic scent that can be compared to the uber-cologne Green Irish Tweed by Creed: Tart, rich with spiciness and a slight sweetness. The sea accord plus calone (environmental fresh note) bring a delightful outdoors casual vibe. Cool water is simple and satisfying for everyday wear.




It's nice, cool, clean and familiar. Not as green as GIT and not as rich but this still gets compliments and is enjoyable to wear. Also, there is something about it that makes it stand apart from GIT so that you know which is which when comparing side-by-side, might be the mint.  

Leans a little old school but completely inoffensive. Great for work.

Good projection and lasts all workday.
Starts off with strong notes of lavender and calone aquatic, along with hints of citrus and a tiny bit of mint and rosemary. The aquatic notes are actually in the background in this fragrance; the fougiere is dominant. There is a synthetic feel to the whole thing but it still smells pleasant. This perfume is squarely a masculine one. During drydown the calone/aquatic scent disappears and is replaced by a green sort of soapy scent with floral tones. I'm guessing this is the geranium and neroli that are predominant, since I smell very little jasmine or sandalwood. Basenotes smell similar to the drydown, i.e. a very pleasant fougiere scent with mild hints of mint and calone/aquatic scent as well as neroli. Sillage is moderate (definitely could be better) and longevity is moderate on my skin; it lasts about 5 hours. It isn't very reminiscent of the ocean at all though, and just has a calone scent in the background; it's more of a fougiere scent. I quite like this fragrance; it is unoffensive and a very pleasant masculine floral/herbacious perfume for men with a "clean" scent.

Fond memories of this one. Back in the mid 90's when I first started wearing it I thought it was the business. Women loved it and it was instantly recognizable. I tried it recently and of course it doesn't hold the same appeal at 40 years of age as it did when I was 19. Saying that.....If you are 16 - 18 and looking to get into fragrances you could do a lot worse than Cool Water. It actually beats some of the new cheaper releases nowadays. Gotta give it the thumbs up!!!
Get it. I get compliments all the time, good sillage, and decent longevity. If youre not a perfumist, you'd have a hard time telling this from one of the greatest fragrances of all time, Green Irish Tweed. For $30, even for $60, I'd buy this every time. I always have some! Great for summer, and once it dries down, great for night as it's just a classy, somewhat mysterious scent. Love it!
When I smell a frgrance  I'm immediately transported back to that time and the memories they invoke. I was introduced to Cool Water while living on the Gulf Coast around 1992.  My friend had it and one day before going to the beach I spritzed some on.  The love affair was instant!!!  It smells like the name. It has that seabreeze scent too it, open,airy, fresh and clean.
Unlike the powerhouse fragrances of the 80's this was the first in the aquatic frangrances for me. It's like walking on the beach on a sunny day with a good breeze coming in off the water.  I recently purchased a bottle again about a year ago and wear it on occasion.  It's one of those fragrances that get better the longer it is on.  At application you get that blast of the top notes of lavender and peppermint mixed with the jasmine and hint of rosemary.  It slowly evolves with the sandalwood and musk notes coming forward as the floral notes go into the background.  It's one of those fragrances that are not overbearing even if over applied as many guys tend to do with frangrances.  The sillage is respectable enough to catch ones attention but not to the point your a walking room freshener.  I'd like to say it's very alluring as in the situations I've smelled it on others made me want to get closer.  Ironic thing is I've had a couple friends in my life and the mere mention of this fragrance they ran out and bought it just to wear around me. It was like a silent communicator of their feelings and both very rarely wore colognes. Like them saying you told me you like this stuff now come and get me sort a thing.  
This is a great fragrance to wear in the summer or any situation where your going to be warm and work up a sweat.  Working outside, the gym, at a barbecue or the beach.  It really stands up well to one sweating where it doesn't mix with the sweat to become some horrible abomination like some fragrances can.  It just keeps you smelling clean and really does have good staying power.
A somewhat "clean" scent straight from the '80s, sadly overused today but still very enjoyable in his freshness.

Today is a very affordable fragrance (online, not in stores) and thus very recommendable.
Probably one of the fragrances that someone should always have in his arsenal.

It's a shame that this is the last really good scent still on sale from Davidoff.
Every fraghead needs to own this. It's a wonderful scent and yes, everyone knows what it is and smells like, but that doesn't make it bad. It's actually a top notch juice. It lasts all day and ages very well. I have two bottles that are 10 years old and still smell the way the did when they were new.
Extremely uncomplicated fresh scent that I will always own due to the world getting more and more complicated and choice driven, I always get compliments wearing this as I think it projects a clean vibe that allows people to appreciate a well washed and cleanly man. Suits the summer easily but could be worn in winter to work say or being lazy around the house, it's up there with nautica voyage for its purpose and syntheticness but the average joe walking by you isn't goin to smell you and think ooh that's a bit synthetic lol..legendary scent from davidoff maybe the true original aquatic.
Refreshing and carefree...

This is a fragrance which I can wear very easily. It's very laid back and carefree. It does smell similar to a lot of men's fragrances out there, but in it's own way it does the job really well for the price.

I get lavender, vetiver and mint, but along with a very "mossy" vibe. I also get ozonic, slightly calone vibe. I don't really get the ocean so much from this as I get a river flowing through the forest. It's that fresh.

One thing I would say, is that it is shockingly similar in smell to Green Irish Tweed. The similarities are striking. I would say at least 70% similar. It is really shocking how close those two are. Having said that, I think the Creed has two notes which Cool Water doesn't have, and those are iris (orris) and ambergris. Apart from that, almost identical. I would also say that the Creed smells a little more natural, but projects less, whereas this projects a lot more.

Overall, it's something I wouldn't mind wearing and recommending to others. For the price it's great value and distinctive. One to try definitely.

this is perfect , i love this stuff , its a perfect 10/10
Fresh, clean, masculine, safe, non offensive, compliment getter, good projection/longevity, versatile, Classic/modern & loved by all women this fragrance.

Any guy can pull this off.

This is what made me dive into the fragrance hobby.

Considering when it was released,
9/10


Salutation.

A immortal and Evergreen Cologne by DAVIDOFF.Coll Water is Member of first fragrances in My Collection.I never get tired of it.

In my opinion It it the Best Cold cologne of DAVIDOFF.a super fresh smell is best explanation about it.nothing heavy or feminine.

This fragrance has both Classic and Modern elements.it is like a very refreshing Summer Scent.suitable for EVERYDAY with a great sensation of blue sky days.

SILLAGE?Noticeable and pleasant.

LONGEVITY?Almost Good on my skin.

7.25/10
If you don't get hung up on its reputation and can smell it for what it is, it's utterly wonderful. 
An ingenious accord that in decent dosage hits and never misses. Its misuse and wide audience have made it lack in sophistication and charm, a shame for such a distinguishable marvel. Its price has also positioned it very low in the perfume ladder hence the indifference or hate it gets. A few facts concerning its comparison to GIT 1. it is not as believed by many more synthetic than GIT, 2. instead of having the soapy vibe of GIT this is actually like caring the whole shower water around you and 3. it is less powdery and musky than GIT but more youthful. Perfectly unisex so ladies since perfumistas consider it cheap and avoid it, is about time you claim it for you.  
Nostalgia for me. Clean, fresh out of the shower fragrance. Doesn't smell dated, well, at least not to me. I don't wear this too often but when I do I feel totally uplifted. 
This has to be thumb up because is a really good summer scent that has the honor to be the father and inspirations of so much masterpieces. And is really worthy cause is very cheap. 
In my skin the sillage or the projection could be better but... Is a fresh cheap scent, I can't ask for more. 
A few considerations about all fragrances:

Our sense of smell peaks before we are 10 and can begin to deteriorate before we hit our 20's and even before 16. It is also dependent on our state of health.

My point: the belief that one can depend on olfactory memory is dicey business. It may very well be that if we do not think a scent smells the same way as it did 30 years ago, it may because we have lost the power to discriminate scents as we once did.

Second, I just don't get the unfavorable comparisons to Green irish Tweed. That juice costs about $200. Would you expect an off-the-rack suit--even a Roger Laurin suit--that costs $300 to fit and look as equisite as a $1,500 bespoke suit from Alton Lane?

Insofar as the criticism that the first hit of Cool water "lasts forever", that, too, is open to debate. Numerous individuals have noted 15 minutes; I myself, 30 minutes before it loses the initial bite.

The bottom line is this scent gives you a great bang for the buck when it even merits a comparison with a fragrence from the house of Creed and the like or dislike of a fragrence is such an idiosyncratic thing, why should one question why one person gives a thumbs up and another a thumbs down. Both have their reasons and each is valid--for that person.

I'm going with the "thumbs up" crowd until someone can empirically demonstrate that this is an inferior scent not worth the money and not deserving of its iconic status.


I'm going to have to agree with gimpy on this...  having owned both cool water and GIT, and  my pick any day is also cool water.  It smells more cohesive and decided, whereas green irish tweed smells like an off-beat "green note" flanker to cool water.  I also cannot find an occasion that cool water doesn't work.  5 stars!
Okay here we go. This is a great classic scent that gets trashed all the time for being over-worn, generic, powdery or whatever. Not a lot of people wear it anymore it seems at least not as much as they used to but it is a classic and great for any starter collection like myself. Women dig it too but it doesn't float everyone's boat! Years ago, I was at a summer camp and before the dance night a counselor let me wear it and I really liked the fresh scent and it brings memories back of that night. I do not wear this all the time but great to throw on in the mix for casual use.
The GOAT fragrance as far as I'm concerned. I went twenty years between wearing Cool Water (going through 2 4oz bottles of GIT in between). I've owned and tested almost all niche brands, yet if I ran out of my house because it was on fire I'd probably grab this (after briefly thinking about grabbing Rive Gauche). 

Don't let the Creed/GIT fanboys fools you (and I say this as someone who considers Creed his favorite house), Cool Water is the better scent. GIT is too heady, too floral, too sweet. Cool Water is decidedly more attractive and masculine. If GIT is the smart, refined exchange student, Cool Water is the popular jock athlete giving him a wedgie in the locker room. Even at the same price I'd take Cool Water all day. What are GIT pumpers gonna say "I paid 5x as much for GIT and even though people think I'm wearing Cool Water, I'll admit Cool Water's a good scent?"

You know that feeling when you discover a new scent that you love only to lose it a year later? Well every time I smell this I still feel as if I've been born anew. 

Forget you biases, forget what you've read (especially here), and smell it for youself. There's a reason Luca Turin gave it five stars. 
Like a good pair of 501's - Cool Water is Classic LIKE A GOOD PAIR OF 501's  Cool Water is Classic   Super green and mint fresh - this is full morning power that do last well. It will leave a good "mossy" feel at the end of the day.  Non complicate - easy to wear this is a very positive scent to wear - full of masculine energy.  No extras frills but a good recommended Classic freshness !!!!Pros: fresh simplicityCons: none"
Opens up smelling kind of like fresh cut grass, but after 30-60 minutes it smells better, and it's strong enough for others to smell, and lasts on me.	Its good i've smelled it too many times to give it a 4 so i'll give it a 3.5, if you haven't smelled it before you'll probably like it, i sometimes get sick of it, but for the most part it's a solid scent.Pros: Lasts long on my skin, and smells good on my skin, after about 30-60 minutes it smells even better and it's strong enough, you'll get compliments.Cons: It smells kind of like fresh cut grass at first, not bad smelling, but it's my least favorite part about it, but it only get better from there."
refreshing, sexy, casual, classic	my mom loves the smell of cool water, so i blind bought a .5oz bottle at wallmart for 13$. This fragrance is a personal favorite,its a classic. its a blus smell, with a touch of musc to give it that great edge, its a scent for the summer and spring. i got this in june, havent tried it fall or winter, im pretty sure it will do fine in fall as well. highly recomend it, you cant go wrong with this one.Pros: classicCons: 
A classic	Davidoff Coolwater is a classic and I wore it when I was 18 and I'm now 35. Women loved it when I wore it back then and I sometimes go back to it every now and then and I will still get compliments. 	I think so many people have copied it now though e.g. Channel Bleu has a similar smell but with a deeper talcum powder hint in my opinion. 	I don't believe Green Irish Tweed is the same - GIT is almost like a grass version of the same scent whilst Coolwater is an ocean version. 	Coolwater was the first pricey proper aftershave/cologne that I bought as a teenager and it will always have a special place in my heart.Pros: Fresh aquatic muskinessCons: Too many people know what it is now!
I've been wearing Cool Water since it came out, but I haven't owned a bottle for at least 15 years. I did buy and go through a bottle of the Frozen flanker which is also a nice variation. This is just classic stuff and although everyone is familiar with the smell, many people still find this to be one of the most pleasing to them. This is probably because of all the memories this brings back for the 30+ crowd. There are many other fragrances that smell like this and it's father Green Irish Tweed. The difference is that these two do it the best. GIT is the masterpiece. Cool Water is the re print.
This fragrance is fresh, clean and masculine, so if you're looking for a good signature scent this is perfect. The first 30 minutes of wearing it is quite strong and smells quite harsh and even cheap, but bear with it! After that initial 30 minutes or so, it develops into a refreshing, lavender scent. This stays throughout the entire time wearing it.

The fragrance generally lasts about 5-6 hours on my skin, and you will definitely get wafts of it when you're out and about. Cool Water is probably best for the hotter months, but its extremely versatile so you can wear it whenever. If you're looking for something spicy, musky, and romantic, this probably isn't the badger for you, I reckon its more of a daytime scent.

Overall, I think this is a brilliant fragrance and I don't see how anybody would dislike it on you, definitely not offensive to the nostrils! Every bloke should have this in his cupboard...
Love this stuff, my sig scent.

I can understand that some people might think this stuff smells like laundry detergent etc.

But i love the clean, fresh scent i get from this, such a pleasant smell i wouldnt mind having under my nose all day!

Thumbs up from me!

I'm pretty new to the frag game, but this was one of the scents that really got me started. Great summer scent, inoffensive, and decent longevity. Price is just about right. It starts out pretty soapy, but dries down to a light aquatic musk that I cant get enough of. A must have for anybody. You've definitely smelled this on somebody before, but not nearly as common in my age group as Axe or Hollister body sprays. Great starter fragrance.
Here in my country where designer perfumes/colognes are so damn expensive, this scent is a compliment getter. I know in other countries, this is very common and most people wear it but no, not here. It's a great fresh scent, it reminds me of being a teenager going to LAN parties. Oh, if you smoke, the scent will blend with cool water and it will make it smell like marijuana, no kidding.

This is recommend for all ages but preferably 15 - 25 yrs old.
I wore this in High school...and my female teachers loved it in 1990. 
For me, wearing CW is like eating Golden Grahams cereal.
It's young for me these days, but I still enjoy it occasionally. Not something 
I'd do every day, but it's comforting to know it's still there if I want it.
It has became a reference for any fresh cologne. It used to be unique, but has already been ripped off by many other designers. It's a nice option for summer with a nice price too that's worth it for sure! I smell a great combination of mint and lavender mostly.

Amazing scent! Fresh and clean, great for a warm Sunny day although I find it great when I'm just at home having a night in and want to smell amazing. I love this stuff! I get about 6-7 hours longevity and it projects nicely (not strongly) for about 4 of those hours, maybe the vintage CW is better in the longevity department. It doesn't matter though, if you're reading this you should own this
Cool Water is landmark fragrance that changed the face of masculine perfumery overnight. It wasn't the first masculine scent from Davidoff, with Zino Davidoff (1986) and Davidoff (1984) predating it by a few years, but it gradually gained ground then completely overshadowed not just those older Davidoff scents, but pretty much everything else that came out in the 1980's before it. Much like the simple and unfettered loudness of Grunge swept away all the big hair, tight pants, and neoclassical-infusion that Heavy Metal had become, Cool Water suddenly made all but a few of the sophisticated and gaudy "powerhouse" masculine scents from the 1980's obsolete. Love it or hate it, this stuff redefined masculinity for the foreseeable future, and only into the 2010's did mainstream masculine perfumery finally dare to wander outside the aquatic, astringent, and BO-fighting freshness that this scent and it's progeny offered the world; that's 30 some years of setting the standard. I feel like it's the one aquatic to have in any collection, and not because it's the first, but because it's the one that gets the oceanic/fresh water vibe the most correct, with everything that came after just wandering further in one direction or another. It's been pretty much worn to death in the course of it's three decade run so far, so much like a lot of 90's aquatics to follow, it's been worn by your dad, your uncle, older brother, and the guy behind the counter at 7-11. To say it's the biggest freshie would be a misnomer however, as Calvin Klein's Eternity for Men (1989) would be just a wee bit bigger in sales, attributed to it's "met halfway" style of blending aquatic notes of calone with traditional lavender fougère construction, allowing a bridge of sorts between old and new. Conversely, Cool Water just went strait for the simplicity and freshness of it's theme without compromise, tradition be damned. Cool Water certainly opens like no other fragrance before it, with one glaring exception: Creed's legendary Green Irish Tweed (1985). Perfumer Pierre Bourdon was responsible for this game changer, but although not credited for decades. The US$500 price tag (adjusted for inflation) originally was partially justified by the fresh lifelike smell of this ultra-luxe juice, and Creed used it to launch their new career as publicly-available high-end perfumers sold in select department storesm rather than bespoke boutique fragrance makers by appointment.

Pierre was effectively pulling a Jacques Guerlain trick by aping his own creation and reinterpreting it as Cool Water for a different audience, which was the masses in this case, but I wouldn't call them the same, or one a clone of the other, because the lemon verbena, galbanum, and ambergris define Green Irish Tweed's signature accord is absent from Cool Water. I wouldn't quite call his making of Cool Water an act of socialism either(it's still perfume after all), but more like derision for the NDA he likely signed while with Creed, and a bit of cheek. Cool Water starts with classic notes of lavender and coriander mixing with orange blossom and peppermint to affect that "cool" blast of fresh water on the face. The dihydromyrcenol synthetic that all later aquatics would use for their "water" note was given it's debut here, and many a vintage masculine perfume hound hates this stuff for that. The heart and basenotes here simply help this initial impression stick around longer, with the oakmoss oddly in the middle of the dry down with jasmine, then musk, sandalwood, cedar and amber just doing their jobs as fixatives and not really standing out much from the top notes due to their blending. It really recreates the feeling of "cool water" in the mind's eye and if you didn't have access to a note pyramid, you'd never even guess what's in the damn thing. The same mind behind this was also responsible for YSL's Kouros (1981), so it only makes sense that the blending would be spot-on and produce a similar "feeling in a bottle" that Kouros evokes. Cool Water is a smell that can pull year-round duty if you live in California or Florida, but for everywhere else that gets an actual winter, this will reduce to vapor on a chill day. Davidoff oddly enough issued a "Hot Water" flanker for this to probably remedy that problem in 2009, but it didn't make the same splash, pun intended. For everyone else not completely enamored with the brand, this just makes an appropriate active day scent in summer, particularly if you work outside. 

A bottle of this literally lasts me forever in the Pacific Northwest region of the US where I live because truly sweltering heat is rare, and I might wear it once a year if that. The cultural impact this had on perfumery is incalculable. Every aromatic and oriental anything was suddenly an "old man" scent overnight, and even feminine fragrance had to ditch the light florals and run the opposite direction towards thick and sweet gourmands to be a counter to the "clean" direction this was taking the men's market. The paradigm shift it caused is pretty much directly to blame for the loss of many a great classic fragrance, some nearly on the chopping block a few years after releasing becasue they came out after this rendered their genre as passe, but I won't lump that guilt onto what is otherwise a good product. As with any pioneer of a new style, consequences the rest of the market it inhabits were considered minimally at best, and there's a chance this could have been a failure. Simply put: this stuff is the Fougère Royale (1882) of it's time, with CK's Eternity for Men being something like a Canoe (1936) by comparison: it's much more commercial cousin. Even older perfumistas (that aren't huffing oakmoss from paper bags) seem to respect this stuff while hating Eternity, if that's any indication of it's importance and the respect it's creator wields within the hobby community. The only problem I have with this stuff personally besides it's ubiquity, is the fact that a lot of people who wore it heavily tried to use it in place of proper personal hygiene, which is undoubtedly because of how cool it smells, so my memories of Cool Water are tainted with teen guys who skip showers after working out and substitute with this, or grown men who come back from a hot day in the lumber yard and keep a bottle of this in their glove-box like a cure-all for body stench. Otherwise, thumbs up from me!
Let me start by saying that I love Cool Water. I grew up around it. Everyone in my neighborhood wore it but that didn't phase me. It still smelled great but I never bought a bottle of my own because I didn't have to; I'd catch a whiff almost everyday. It smells crisp, clean and fresh. Finally, I bought a bottle of my own last year and sold it off today. I tried wearing it casually but it wasn't  casual enough. I tried it wearing it on a couple of nights but fell short. I tried and tried but then I realized that Cool Water wasn't for me and it broke my heart because I love it so much. Either I don't have the personality for it or I outgrew it. In any case, it's pointless to have it in my collection as I kept forcing myself to reach for it. 

By the way, Green Irish Tweed doesn't smell like Cool Water to my nose. They're both wonderful fragrances that rightly deserve their adulation. 

Heres to another chance encounter, Cool Water.

*edit* I just purchased a bottle of vintage Cool Water and I'm happy to announce that the love affair has begun anew. 
I really wanted to dislike Cool Water just because of its popularity.  However, it's a very nice cologne for the summer.  Like a mint in your mouth, it literally seems to cool and freshen the skin just by applying it.  The scent is fresh and nice.  I don't find anything spectacular about it, and I will probably never own it, but I enjoy the sample I have nonetheless.
This is one of my favourite fresh fragrances. Despite of the fever of "sport" fragrances that we live nowadays, some classics like Cool Water still remains in the top. In this rank of prices I think almost nobody offers a fragrance with the originality of this.
Great fresh scent, might be my favorite and the first one i ever tried. It's better than most aquatics as it has the perfect balance between being fresh and also having "depth". The price point is also GREAT. 
Plz mind that there are three versions (two reformulations) of Cool Water but my review is about last two versions.


What they are selling now with "Davidoff" written in block font as of 2009 is not as good by a long shot compared to any bottle with Davidoff written in "signature" font on bottle as well on package which was on its own also reformulated once!

I am not going into notes etc. as these are already explained in almost all previous reviews but I can say as owning both versions that the older version (pre-2008) does have a way way fresher and sparkling (minty) opening compared to the newer version.
Despite it is a synthetic fragrance, the older version smells way more natural than current versions! The drydown of the current is more sweet and ambery compared to old. Longevity and sillage are also better on the old version. It's like they toned down or even removed some notes from the opening and heart out of the current version and gave it a more cheap, strong ambery/sweet drydown. Only the opening has a little of the original sparkling Cool Water opening the vintage has.

Older version: 9/10
Current: 6/10
I'm fairly new to the fragrance game, and don't have much in my collection. However, this is probably the best fragrance I've smelt. It is definitely 'fresh', which is a word used for pretty much all fragrances it seems. But there is no other way of describing this scent. 

At first its a little harsh, but after 20 minutes or so it develops into a refreshing lavender scent that stays with you throughout. This is probably best worn in the summer but you can get away with wearing it pretty easily all through the year. A sweet, masculine and aromatic fragrance.

On my skin CW lasts a solid 5-7 hours and the projection is very good for most of this time. I recommend every bloke should own this!!
Ahhh Cool Water you old classic! lol

I remember this fragrance was all the craze when I was about 15
Nothing much to say about this fragrance other than I think its a quite unique, really fresh and acquatic and it brings back alot of teenage memories.
This is definitly a spring and summer fragrance however I think it holds its own in the colder weather also.The projection is quite good and the longevity is also quite good.
This is definitly a fragrance for a younger person and is best suited for just hanging out with friends in the park on a spring or summer afternoon.

My score:
             Projection:8
             Longevity:7
             Fragrance:8
Ahh good ole Cool Water takes me back all the way to high school when I use this fragrance  all the time it was my favorite scent for a long time. I recently revisited cool water don't know if I bought a reformulated bottle or just and old gone bad bottle, it didn't smell the same to me as it did hmmmmm, maybe I will just purchase a bottle at a department store. But in all it will remain as one of the best scents out there.
Cool Water is an absolute classic. There is a reason why since 1988 it has remained on the boots/superdrug etc top shelf. It's a great summer fragrance, Full of fresh aquatic/green vibes, girls seem to like it too.

Definetaly the best for summer! Very fresh smell and projects for hours. Very hard to find someone who doesn't like this scent.
I love cool water. It isn't great for winter, but everyone loves it, and it smells really unique and attractive in comparison to many others (like Abercrombie/Hollister, and Pour Homme). Has a great price too, decent longevity and projection, it's difficult not to like.
A refreshing aquatic scent, with just enough flowers and just enough musk.  Despite being commonplace, its low cost and large appeal makes it very difficult to not find a reason to include it in your collection.

8.5/10
I used to wear this scent 20+ years ago.  I loved it back then, and while I have moved on to other scents, I still have fond memories of Cool Water.  It still smells great, and while it is an obvious self-clone by Bourdon of his original creation Green Irish Tweed, I will disagree with most by saying I think it is a good one and even exceeds the original.  Considering the superior vintage version of Cool Water can now be had for 1/4 the price, I feel it is an outstanding value for those who love GIT but can't afford it and are willing to get near or exceed that classic's greatness. 4 to 4.5 stars out of 5 for the vintage (and a still solid 3 to 3.5 for the current juice).
Somehow I managed between 1988 and about 2006 not to have to smell Cool Water.  I have managed to smell the generations of clones and wanna-be's since, and was just waiting to hate Cool Water. But you know what?  This stuff is copied for a reason. It's really spectacular. 

I'm in the enviable position Luca Turin refers to in The Guide.  I don't have to associate this with half the male population of the 80s-90s. Smelling CW in this context is a great lesson in perfume history. If a new aroma technology is introduced with intelligence and artistry, it changes the status quo. I know that compositionally CW is a contemporary variation on the fougere, but qualitatively I think it's something distinct. This, followed by a slew of copy-cats, means a whole new genre. And I guess like the original Chypre and Fougere Royale, the first can remain the best. 
First time I've tested it seemed a very simple cologne in 4711-style. 3 years ago I bought an 1 oz. bottle just to try in my skin this succesful fragrance. I'm nowadays using my third bottle. This juice is comfortable, fresh, clean and ideal for days in which you need linear and secure things.
The Eddie Haskell of fragrances. Only June Cleaver would be fooled by the clean cut barbershop facade that this cologne presents. Those of us in the know see the mischievous bad boy lurking just below the surface. I love this scent!
When I was about 13, before I was a fragrance addict, this one used to drive me mad in duty free - I loved it. I bought a bottle and just couldn't get enough. I finished it and went a few years without it, until I was bought another 125ml bottle as a gift. 

Coming back to the fragrance now I am less crazy about it (I find the opening quite poor) but once it dries down it is very fresh and crisp. It projects well and garners quite a few compliments.

Should I mention the similarities between this and Green Irish Tweed? Yes. Cool Water is a good cheap fragrance in its own right, but GIT does outshine it. That being said, if you are on a budget I must recommend this over the vastly more expensive Creed.

7/10
All I ever read on Basenotes is how much of a rip off of GIT this is. As a long-time fan of Cool Water who's never smelled GIT before, I'll just have to take people's word for it. Whatever it is, it suits me fine. It's a strong, fresh blast of green spring/summertime fun. It may not be natural, but then again neither is cotton candy. It's still fun and enjoyable. And long-lasting, much more so than your average designer frag.
I once dated a guy that wore this cologne all the time. It was through him wearing this fragrance that I realised that some male fragrances are designed specifically to attract women.

This perfume is amazing and the after-shave is just as good. I actually have a bottle, because I bought it for an another boyfriend but decided at last minute that he didn't deserve gifts.

You can really smell the lavender scent in this, but it is in no way a girly scent. Cool Water is so masculine and sexy. On a man, this fragrance drives me wild.

It is indeed a strong scent, however it is refreshing and quite Summery. My boyfriend wears this scent to tease me because he knows the effect it has over me.


A fragrance perfectly done. It has a pleasant scent. Ocean, aromatic, a little green. One of the best perfumes ever created.

Scent: 4,5/5
Projection: 3/5
Longevity: 3/5
Mouthwateringly delicious fragrance. In a way totally flawless, although it apperears to sting my nose a bit in times when inhaled too deeply. (I suspect it's the dihydromyrcenol)

Complex and extremely aromatic mixture of herbal greens, bitter citruses, sweet musk and mossy woods. It smells very juicy and crisp, this groundbraking designer fragrance. Goes deep into the skin with great amount of nuances and strong lasting power. 
Performs like a fine soap; always natural and fresh smelling, simple yet complicated, but the one shall avoid overdoze to not to break the great impressions.

I enjoy wearing this, but more than that, I enjoy smelling it on my girlfriend who's been lately very into a wearing it. She calls it the "Sawyer scent".
The epitome of slick efficient design, this missile is locked on from the get go and takes off with a mighty whoosh. It is vulgar, slightly rude but absolutely delicious.A masterpiece of cheap and effective perfumery that smells as good as it ever did and costs next to nothing. What's not to like?

It is a fresh green clean smell that lasts at least 6-8 hours, projects quite well on my skin, is very versatile and does have quite a few similarities to the famous Creed Green Irish Tweed.  So much so in fact that I can't justify spending that much money on something that doesn't last as long and will likely be compared to this bottle anyway.  Yes it is synthetic smelling and is a blatant knock-off, but it smells good to me.  

Ultimately, this one is great for your buck.  Good longevity and projection, great price point and is close enough to Green Irish Tweed to merit not springing 100+ a bottle for a GIT-ish scent.  It's popular, yes, but it's popularity seems to have faded in the past few years.  Bleu De Chanel looks poised to replace Cool Water's spot in the "most ubiquitous men's fragrances" list.  If you want a fragrance with the Green Irish Tweed vibe without the Green Irish Tweed price, this one's probably your best bet.  
Good aquatic scent hence the name cool water. I use the scent whenever I go out on a cool breezy night at the beach for bonfires and hangouts just adds to the fragrance. Has an athletic clean type of smell pretty good has been in the game for some time now and is a best seller so I take it lots o guys have it dnt be surprised if u smell it on other guys but good nonetheless.

Have not worn this for at least a decade or more and it has been bastardised to death, but the original Eau de Parfum is and will always be a masterpiece. Has there been another gourmand that even comes close to the daddy? 
I recall a scandal back in the early 90's when an early 20th century perfume house roughly copied the formula and bottled it in one of their 1920/30s perfumes pretending it was the original fragrance, thinking they would get away with it as up to that point in France no perfume house had ever sued another on the basis of copying. The Grande Damme behind Angel decided to break that tradition and took them to court, I believe the matter was settled out of legal chambers finally but lets say the older house ended up with quite a lot of oeuf on their face, there are lots of other dirt on how the battle was won but the point I'm making is that Angel is one of those rare animals that could not be compared to anything when it launched in 92, totally unique, perhaps the last time that was achieved in commercial perfumery. Last thing, like Aventus now, and all the other Boom Boom perfumes less is definitely more, death by Angel is not sexy its like being smothered to death by an aging cougar who really should stay at home and leave the club to her granddaughters! 
This is the world's first notable gourmand perfume, and the one upon which perfumer Olivier Cresp's reputation (alongside Yves de Chiris) is based. Angel by Thierry Mugler (1992) was downright bizzare when released, a love-it-or-hate-it scent that proved as polarizing as it would be successful, much like most of the fashion designs from Thierry Mugler himself. Angel is claimed to contain no intentional floral notes in the heart, and has had many limited edition bottlings over the years, in addition to innumerable flankers. The equally-notorious A*Men/Angel Men (1996) composed by Jacques Huclier wouldn't stray very far from this formula when released either, which is a testament to the universal appeal Angel seems to have for those who click with its vibe. There have been so many flankers of both this and its male counterpart, you almost can't mention Thierry Mugler and perfume without bringing up Angel; this stuff is literally that genre-defining in the designer segment. Most of all, Angel also helped ease people back into the idea of musk as a main carrier note rather than oakmoss or amber, since dirty musks were so played out by the end of the 80's that most perfumers skipped them if they weren't soapy in tone until Angel made a warm musky skin feel cool once again, likely due to the warmth coming from food notes rather than animalic ones. Another huge polarizing facet of Angel is its inclusion of helonial, a common scent molecule in laundry soap that also saw use in the men's iteration as well. There was just so much going on here that ran counter to what designers were doing at the beginning of the decade, Mugler is lucky this got off the ground at all. Most of the controversy I gather comes from how cloying this accord can be to people who are sensitive to its primary components, and this was especially true when its initial popularity made it a fairly ubiquitous sight on streets, subway cars, and in other public spaces. 

Angel opens with the prerequisite bergamot and a slew of fruity, dewy elements including strawberry, calone (from melon), honey, jasmine hedione, and whiffs of rose, likely implied by a hit of geraniol but with no actual rose oil. Helonial also makes its rare appearance, and as a note aforementioned to be typically reserved for perfumes found in laundry soap, it contrasts the otherwise-sticky gourmand heart considerably/ The helonial is an aldehyde derivative of heliotrope, and has a sharp glistening chrome sheen that would start seeing use in masculines down the road, but here it's leading into the controversial cocoa and caramel heart. The men's version bites with coffee bean, lavender, and peppermint, but here we just get a rounded hay-like coumarin to accentuate the sweetness, before the stiff patchouli and musk base take over for the final dry down approach. I get some creamy polysantal "sandalwood" without the dryness and diffusion of the real deal, but that's okay because it isn't the focus here with Angel, and just padding instead. When it's all said and done, you've got the ur-gourmand accord of chocolate, tonka, fruit, vanilla, and patchouli, which is only a few clicks away from being an oriental in tone. Sillage can wallop you so be careful, but otherwise Angel is a gentle perfume in personality if used with discretion. Here is a creamy romantic warmth good for snuggling up in winter, or cool evenings anytime. The musk note is not funky at all, but still has a bit of that "animal fat" tone in it which may not sit well with people used to clean-smelling white musk, so approach gingerly. I'd not use Angel in a formal or office setting, as it's just too amiable for a stern or reserved atmosphere. The energy given off by this stuff is just too friendly and warm for anything where you may need to be aloof towards strangers like in the workplace or a formal event. In the summer time, this would definitely choke me out if I was around it too long, so take that as you may when choosing an appropriate time to wear it. 

For most of the 90's, Angel was the Giorgio Beverly Hills (1981) of its time, becoming an unavoidable wall of scent in shopping malls and restaurants, hence some of the backlash. I know I'm pretty sensitive to too much patchouli and anything rich with tonka or vanilla myself, so I'd prefer the men's version which tones these elements down to a drier demeanor, but I am not bothered by this otherwise. Angel is a rare perfume I can respect and appreciate on another but never have an interest to smell myself, and this is coming from someone who often wears feminine-market fragrances, as it feels better to be caught in a chance encounter with Angel then to be enveloped in a cloud of the stuff than to dwell within one for any length of time; in an ephemeral state this is a very nice surprise, but prolonged exposure proves a bit more tiresome. Mostly unisex in feel but leaning slightly feminine, Angel by Thierry isn't a knockout anymore because other  houses have since done this accord to death, but it's a nice "comfort food" scent (pun intended) for fans of low-key semi-versarile semi-dirty musks with something going on besides the usual white florals. Compared to the "transparent" fruity florals, syrupy fruitchoulis, and ambroxan shenanigans of the 21st century, Angel is starting to finally show the laugh lines of age to those who care about relevance in perfume trend, but is by no means anachronistic or uncommon on the street. Reformulation hysteria also follows this one, but from what I can recall, the basic sweet foodie patchouli and semi-dank musk accord from when my older sister wore it back in the day still holds true in recent testers I have sniffed in stores. Hell, there are still people who actively seek out and collect all the various limited packages of the stuff, and although the cult of Angel is nowhere near as obsessive as say, followers of Creed Aventus (2010), a lot of talk over which Angel is "best Angel" does happen! Thumbs Up.
Angel - Thierry Mugler
This just goes to show that a bitter yet 'clean' camphorous tonality can save a perfume, and not only that but also create something novel and excitingly new. For me, Angel paints a darkish brown picture with a contrasting mix of purple and green colours and this works best when sprayed in moderation: less is more with this one. Sillage and projection are absolutely stellar, there is something very 'natural' the way this perfume presents itself: not too loud but very intense in an amiable way. It kind of reminds me of old vintage perfumes containing real deer-musk. I have tried not to like Angel but I had to surrender to its magic eventually. 
Been wearing this for 20+ years. I'll forget about and then come back to it. Classic
I first bought this fragrance in November 1992 and as one reviewer commented, I too had people stopping me to ask what I was wearing.  The scent was complex, a little disorienting.  It was heady, rich, and with just a tiny hint of something 'rotten' underneath.  That extra note hit it out of the park.    

The tiny star bottle lasted forEVER, and I replaced it again in, I think, 2000?  I don't think it is any different from the 1992 version, others may have better data on that question. 

It will be a great disservice to this wonderful fragrance if the formula was changed in order to be novel or less expensive.  

Readers need to be aware that the EU has cranked down on the use of many classic perfume ingredients, both natural and man-made, due to concerns that they are allergens.  Perfumers don't want to be seen as fighting safety rules, so they conform by re-formulating their fragrances.  

I am not young;  there are many fragrance notes from older perfumes my mother wore (Norell, Tabu, Chanel #5, Alliage, others) that I smell nowhere anymore, anywhere, ever.  My bet is that they are simply banned due to Henny-Penny "the sky is falling down!" concerns about potential contact allergies.  

I'm an adult who keeps peanuts from my kid.  I'm ok with being responsible for my allergic reactions to fragrance.  
I get patchouli all way long from the beginning. The opening smells quite herbal to me and almost freaked me out the first time. Then the sweetness just can't wait and bursts out right away. I swear if I tested on paper I'd drop it down right away. But after about 2 hours, it smells heavenly! The right amount of chocolate, caramel, honey and vanilla is so delicious. The patchouli is no longer fierce but holds perfectly the balance between sweetness and freshness. It's even intriguing as it hides among the sweet notes and tickles your nose when you expect the least. I have to admit I'm still not very used to the first 2 hours but for the lovely drydown I can wait. Fortunately the longevity is excellent for over 12h, it worths! The sillage is good, too. Though it's known as a heavy fragrance, I think with a light touch, the drydown has no problem in summer. 

The bottle is cute! But the name Angel doesn't fit that well IMHO. It's sweet but with a dark side hiding behind. Maybe Ange ou Demon should be better distributed to this one? LOL.

Originally written in 2013
Phenomenal. This one is controversial ... but on me, it was alllll goodness. ;)
I love this complex perfume with many notes.  First, I smell chocolate, then berries and caramel.  The perfume smells different on every person, but smells great on m.e  I always get compliments on it.  It is loud and friendly, but not overwhelming.  I wear it year round.  
Add me to the list of those who adore this.  Big, bad, bold, bodacious. I love it.  My husband loves it.  No other opinions matter.  Since I never smelled Angel when it first was released, I can't complain of reformulation.

And, I love the giant, chunky tester bottle I currently possess. 
I find the opening of Angel Eau de Parfum difficult to go through. A musky chocolate. But the dry down is to die for. It gets acid with berries and bergamot. Then, the basenotes of silky caramel are gorgeous. I just wish sillage and longevity were longer. 
Love this. After it's on a while, you just want to eat it. The Carmel and chocolate....mmmmm 
What I really liked about it was that it lasts forever.
Upon first spray I really didn't like Angel but I gave it a change and I'm glad I did.

It's such a gourmand. It's gourmand royalty. This is a fragrance which is so popular and dare I say it, common but it seems to behave differently on different people, giving it that special edge for everyone. For me once the first spray starts to settle down I feel like I'm being followed around by a sherbet dib dab. Every now and then it morphs into something else, vanilla ice cream, chocolate, the pick and mix section. Really it's like walking though a sweet shop. Still it has something slightly darker and heavier which seems to anchor it. I believe that could be the bergamont.

There is also something that catches me every now and then that isn't so good. I don't know what it is but a previous review described it like BO. I understand what they mean but I would have described it as more of a chemical smell, almost like bleach. Fortunately it's very fleeting.

Lasts fantastically and projects well, even on my skin which normally eats up fragrances super fast. This is not one that you want to over spray or you run the risk of making yourself and everyone around you feel very sick.
Love the opening, sweet Vanilla, balanced by the tart bitterness of Bergamot.
 Try Bergamot perfume extract on your Vanilla Ice Cream sometime. It's glorious!
 Note the Caramelly texture and the nod to Chocolate later. The Berries make this perfect for Feminine or Masculine skin, except the drydown. Whoa! I get a tenacious "Generic Clean" note that ends up relentless even through a shower.
It's obvious this continues to be so very popular with the Girls.It's sexy and quite clever in construction. 
The opening and heart are quite intriguing and most narcotic. In the End it is like a hangover and leaves me feeling like I need alterations to my Meds.
Thumbs up? Well....Everyone needs to try it. At least once.
Perfect Gourmand...

A true beauty here. This is one which I expected to be a monster, but it really turned out to be sublime in it's smell and performance. I tried the male version first, which I found extremely harsh and almost cloying, with a screechy tar note and heavy patchouli. This in the other hand, is perfect for me.

One thing I like about Angel is that the notes are blended perfectly to my nose. The patchouli, chocolate, caramel, vanilla and honey are all perfect. To me no one overwhelms the other too much. There are elements of candy floss, fruits, berries and tonka bean that show up as well (all of which I love). It's one hell of a gourmand, and I love it!

It's a fragrance which I would love smelling on people and wearing also. I find it a lot more wearable than the men's version, and it just feels "done right" to my nose. Probably best in cooler weather in my opinion, but could probably be worn year round with measured spraying. I think this isn't the beast that people make it out to be (at least to me)... so give it a try!
The opening is a mix of bergamot and incense helional, full of pure and transparent like the air, and on to a scent of fruit and full of sweet honey gradually spread, taking full feeling and delicious attractive as in the memories of childhood. Finally, Angel will be finished in vanilla, chocolate, caramel and patchouli wood, and sexy, attractive and powerful medium, full of charm.

The scent sensual, warm create a hard to resist the charm for women. Sample bottles impressive design with modern colors. Extremely good fragrance.
What could I possibly say that remains unsaid about Angel? Rich, dark, bold, statement-making sexy. I wear it everytime I can, feels appropiate for everytime. I've smelled it on formal events, wine tasting evenings, it even attends my pilates class. 

No doubt it was quite a thing when it first came out and owned the gourmand cathegory, but now that same kind of scent has evolved into something intoxicatingly sweet as Flowerbomb or Manifesto, and Angel has another new market like gourmandchuli. And thank GOD for that patchouli, for that's the reason why something that smells edible also screams unedible. 

I was gifted my first bottle when I was 16 or so and gifted it away. Then someone else bought it for me and gave it away. I finally purchased MY OWN bottle of Angel at a duty free in Sao Paulo. 

It's heavy stuff if youre not into the patchouli note, but I somehow grew into it and welcomed it into my wardrobe. It's siilar to Shalimar -in structure- so you kinda have to wear it to figure it out. 

It's a sillage monster, so I go gently on it, and definately wear it when I'm going on high profile. I have to admit that even when so many people wear it, it blends different on my skin -as well on others- and that IS the main reason why I like such a mainstream fragrance, dispite the fact of it's "uniqueness" in the market.

So, if you're reading this humble opinion on Angel and haven't tried it yet, give it a try on your skin and let it ripen. You've probably smelled it lots of times before knowing how it actually blends with your skin.
I can’t really do a BLUF (bottom line up front) for this hot topic…too many moving parts.  All I can say is that I’m on the “Love” side of the love/hate dichotomy.  It’s a clumsy, unapologetic, fun fragrance with a sense of humor.  I imagine Rose Tyler would make the TARDIS smell of Angel.

Yes it’s bold, but it doesn’t strike me as “in your face”.  Maybe it’s the way my girlfriend wears it or her particular skin chemistry, but it’s not offensive to my nose at all.  I’m in my early 30’s and she in her mid-20’s, for reference.

My layman summary would be: a playful burnt caramel/honey/patchouli...the drydown being almost pure patchouli to my nose, with some sweetness.  Maybe I’m partial because my girlfriend is stunning, sexy, and an absolute muse to me and this is her go to, but she wore this long before I became interested in the wide world of perfumery, and I loved it then as much as I do now. 

Like many fragrances, over-applying is going to have a negative result…I can see that being the case here more so than with many other fragrances.  I’d venture to say some women who wear Angel, might wear a little too much (we’ve all been guilty of this at some point).  Longevity is off the charts, sillage is a bit less so but still above average.  I wouldn’t call it a full-blown gourmand honestly, but it’s in that realm for sure.  I don’t get the cocoa/chocolate that many seem to.  It is predominately caramel/honey with a lot of patchouli after the fact.

With the Angel hand cream, on top of the previously mentioned notes I get a bit of sweet urine mixed with fresh hay, but for whatever reason, it smells absolutely sexy to me.  It’s kind of embarrassing to read that back to myself, but this stuff just drives me mad, period.
Tension created by the mixture of edible and inedible notes is what gives the gourmand genre its particular interest. The mind isn't sure how to react to something that says 'eat me' and 'don't eat me' at the same time.

Angel takes this effect one unsavoury step further with its red fruit syrup, candy floss and caramel served up with plummy rose and white flowers, dark chocolate, mothballs, bitter wood and mouldy rot.

The original, most distinctive and probably still the best gourmand on the planet. Certainly the most wicked.

*****

Back in 1992, when everyone the world began wearing Angel, you couldn't have paid me to go near this gimmicky bottle.  I wore classics like YSL Paris or masculines like Annick Goutal Vetiver.  That was how I rolled.

I seem to recall Angel's peak years around the turn of the millennium.  I was wearing Bulgari Black then, or sometimes Fracas.  I still avoided the ubiquitous star bottle.  I wouldn't even sniff it.

A few years later, I'm wearing Creed Indiana and Tocca's Bianca.  Angel was right out then, too.

Life is different now and I'm mich more open minded.  My only concern when I sprayed it on for the very first time today was how Angel would wear on my skin.  And I'm happy to report that I think it works.  I get almost  no screech on my skin (thank God), but I do get a nice, slightly browned sugar cookie top note layered over warm cocoa and a fruity incense/patchouli base.  Taken together, Angel smells 
One of my everlasting favorite since 1992. A gourmand that is a party animal and a comforting heaven of caramel, cocoa and patchuli.. A masterpiece, especially, when i think of it as such a mainstream fragrance!
Salutation.

Absolutely Awesome.When I think About the Word Perfume,I think About ANGEL Immediately. A UNFAILING Perfume. ANGEL is all about Maturity. Heady in a SPECIAL way.It Evokes a lot of Sweet memories for Dignified Ladies. Heavy, Sweet,Bold,Worldy,Provocative,Hot, Creamy,Complex and Classy.

It is not for a Hasty person because The opening notes is Harsh and Excessively Strong as It is a Shock to those used to wearing Light Fragrances but Please Wait Because Minute by Minute Creates a Glorious and Romantic scent.Totally If you are Lucky,it will dry down to a Lovely Creamy on your skin. 

It hits you in a Numbing Wave and makes you feel Luxurious.The base notes is the best of it for me.This EVENING scents for a queen in SPECIAL occasions. Surely for WINTER . In my opinion It represents the Essence of Feminine Class.

Sillage?Attractive.

Longevity?The best part ANGEL for me as It is Legendary on my skin.

7.75/10 
	Ambivalence is a rarity in perspectives about Angel. It is one of the infamous “love it or hate it” fragrances which excite me for their novelty alone. Examining people’s facial movements when they first smell Angel is as exciting as watching the reaction videos of people seeing “2 girls 1 cup”. The vulgarity of the two is essentially equal. The result of these two experiences can provoke repulsion and/or fascination. Perhaps this comparison is extreme but, when it comes to mainstream fragrance, Angel is about as scandalous as it gets. As it turns out, I am particularly fond of the uncanny as it appears in this context.
	Regardless, Angel’s distinctive odor drives me mad. My first experience after unleashing this monster from its striking bottle ended in complete admiration. It was intoxicating, decadent, and truly addictive. The dissonance of its components allows for a multi-faceted complexity that incites conversation. There is a battle between fruit, honey, chocolate, vanilla, ethyl maltol, screeching brightness, and a deep, earthy patchouli. There are even certain times when the first few moments of its application give me the perception of urine and dirt with some simple syrup poured on. I love Angel all the more for this reason. The individual notes are pleasant by themselves, but cooperate to form a Frankenstein which has that sort of “ugly pretty” quality that is valued in haute couture fashion these days.
	Angel is the car wreck that you can’t look away from, the tightrope walk you tense up over, and the trashy reality T.V. show you can’t stop watching. I cannot wear this fragrance without offending someone-- but they're going to have to deal with it.
Surprised to get a blast of Christmas at first, like sparkling wintry night. This one gave me some very strange impressions, because after an hour or so, fair/carnival food came to mind. Later I'm visualizing a classroom (art supplies?), though that's admittedly baffling. 

After a few hours it got musky on me, and I like it. I really like it. I've been enjoying it all day. Would work very well as unisex, as I'm not getting a particularly feminine vibe.

This gorgeous sexy gourmand scent is not for everone, as is evident from reviews here and everywhere. The first time I tried it, it felt like a slap in the face, offensive and rude - like no other perfume I had ever tried or wished to try (and apparently the first one ever made completely without flowery notes). Several years later I can't get enough. I am not much of a gourmand when it comes to perfume, but the ambery, musky patchouli drydown is what does it for me. It goes on and on forever, like a kid's dream of a day at the tivoli. 
Heck, let me confess. I have loved this (and Angel A*Men) for awhile. They smell yummy, but not cloyingly yummy to me.  Do Not put too much on, however, even the EDT. If you get into an elevator, either people take a step in the other direction, or they fawn all over me.  It is actually pretty funny. 
To each his own.

The vendors make some very nice Angel-like scents, in sprays and in roller balls, Saves tons of money!!
I'm a guy, and I sport the hell out`a some Angel EdP, but then again, I'm a hard core Patchouli lover. This juice is insanely intoxicating! I firmly believe that you have to lean on the cusp of enjoying Patchouli to really appreciate Angel because that's a polarizing note in itself, let alone the gorgeous hot mess going about in Angel which is centered around Patchouli. Even after 22 strong years on the market, Angel has never been reformulated, so you're getting the same formula from 1992, and for a mainstream fragrance, it is kinda pricey, but very high quality... niche quality. The opening and heart are beautiful, but the drydown is insanely good. When applied properly, Angel is mindblowing. There should be 2 thumbs to the left over there...
Why there isn't a page for the EDT version? This review is for the EDT.

I bought it blindly after fallen into the A*Men series spell, and I must admitt it does smell like a flanker of the original male scent. It is sweet but I cannot say the source, it is not candy floss for one thing. I smell mostly citrus and patchoulli, a bit of pepper, a bit of vanilla. there is a fruit accord but for me it is very blured, it could be red berries. I don't get the woody note perhaps because I don't keep the EDT that long for real base notes, but I get the clean, musk feeling during the whole life of Angel EDT on my skin, about 4 to 5 hours, before I have a shower, I live in a hot country and in a small enought town for me to go home for lunch, I am a lucky/happy man. also, I don't get praline or chocolate, but a very bitter cocoa powder that geves A a very masculine edge, just like it does in L'Instant de Guerlain. In fact, having in my mind A*Men and Pure Malt all the time it is hard to realize it is in fact a woman's scent. One male scent much sweeter that this is Lalique Lion pour Homme, which is almost sufoccating vanilla for me. So, what makes it a feminine fragrance? There's no flower. No powderness. Angel EDT could be just as well A*Men Pure Citron Limited Edition. Not bad, not bad at all. Can't see why this shouldn't be a safe blind buy.
When I first smelled Angel, I was appalled - how disgusting I thought. It kept drawing me back and smelling it and lo and behold I love it  now. I know this is a common experience with people new to Angel. When I wore it, it was definitely strong at first (Don't need alot) but then it dried down beautifully and I can smell it on me all day. Not overwhelmingly, just something I kept wanting to smell. I don't understand why people have that first reaction to it as I did, but boy am I glad I gave it a chance. I hate anything with floral notes (they remind me of a funeral home) so maybe that's why I really like it. Please give it a chance. You may turn out like me!
Men seem to love this fragrance while women I encounter have been known to tear-up and sneeze.
On first opening this has a candy meets flower accord.
I smell my grandma's bourbon chocolate candy and divinity competing with a lot of patchouli. Then it simmers down to pleasant vanilla competing with patchouli. Then the patchouli wins. The dry down smells amazingly of soft iris to me. The lotion is to my taste, the perfume being way too strong.
5 stars for being one of the most unapologetic and "out-there" scents ever. Angel pretty much defined the fruit-chouli, gourmand genres back in the day. While I'll always consider Chopard Casmir the original early-90s "gourmand" powerhouse, Angel is far more disctinctive, albeit harder to understand.
I'd hazard to say there's nothing very balanced about the scent at all. It's a very focused sensorial overload of stewed plums, cotton-candy, chocolate-covered caramels, and that sharp green smell of wet, fresh-cut grass. No flowers, no woods, no musk to dilute it whatsoever. Those who love it can't get enough if it, and for those who don't, Angel is an olfactorial assault.
This scent to me is like a friend who bleaches her hair a little too blonde, wears a little too much bronzer, talks a little too loud, and likes her clothes a little too tight. Many times she's a bit too much, but then she has such a lovely heart that I wouldn't ever want to change a thing.

One bonus? Mugler hasn't yet gone the route of some other companies and jumped on the reformulation bandwagon. What I smell today is what I smelt that first time 10 years ago.
I did not "get" Angel at first sniff and I had to give it many wearings.  What a fragrance!  Certainly unique and mature, and far from the candy/fruity scents now so popular. 

I admit that it is not for everyone. 

This patchouli gourmand is powerful and there is nothing young and flirty about it.  It can easily be worn as a unisex with its chocolate patchouli with caramel and vanilla.

For those turned off to Angel, I recommend giving this one time and several wearings before writing it off.
When applied appropriately (Max. 4-5 sprays) and after about half an hour it smells like being in heaven in the middle of winter!
I just can't stop sniffing my wife! and it fills all the car sitting together, no matter which scent I've worn or how much I've applied!
Great sillage & longevity, mature & sexy!
To me almost no other scent even close to it, UNIQUE!
Big Big Big thumbs up!
I first owned this perfume over 15 years ago. it was quite an experience for me then. I'm not really a  Gourmand type, and had never worn anything like it,  it shocked me the first time I encountered, it continued to shock me each time I wore it. In fact I  don't really know why I wore it, I just sometimes felt I  really needed it, like a decadent *fix* of a calorie laden   Belgian Chocolate gateau.

As I began to smell it on every other woman  in the street/restaurant/shop, I placed it in the back of the drawer, gave it away finally.  Last month as I was walking through the perfume dept I saw it sitting there and, the old addiction rose up, I needed  my *fix*.

Ive matured since then, just because I own a perfume, doesn't mean it needs to come with me everywhere I go, Angel is my private comfort food  scent. I now like to  indulge in it's heady, warm, mouth watering sensuous Chocolate vanilla blanket  in the evening, so it has dried down to its heavenly almost nursery caramel treat stage by bedtime.

I love Angel now it is no longer a challenge to me and I know what to do with it, some scents are just too delicious  and personal to share.

ANGEL –  Mugler – 1992     [fruity, vanilla, powdery]

This one I am going out on a limb for – people either love it or hate it.  It begins with a strong mix of strawberry, dewberry and chocolate/caramel, which quickly dries down to a fruity, powdery vanilla that is extremely captivating.  The dry down can be reminiscent of Earl Grey Tea. This is a heart melter for both sexes, as it works on some of our most primary food scent attractions.  

I advise you to try a sample first and give it a chance over many applications – in other words, don’t decide right off whether you like it or not – give it time to win you over.

Totally unique scent combination that prompted many imitators – but the original is the best of the lot.

Top Notes: Strawberry, Dewberry, Helonial, Honey, Bergamot, Jasmine, Orchid, Rose
Middle Notes: Chocolate, Caramel, Coumarin
Base Notes: Vanilla, Patchouli, Sandalwood, Musk

Smells creamy and sweet, definitely a delicious scent. I'm a guy and I wear this. It smells that awesome. I think this should be a unisex fragrance in my opinion but for that to be so, there has to be that certain man who would be able to pull this off.

Overall rating 8.7/10.
I have an amusing relationship with this fragrance.  A guy I was seeing briefly insisted I try it. I meekly agreed despite not finding anything to recommend it.  I was very unimpressed when first sprayed and the day went by without incident.  Only two days later...I couldn't get it out of my mind and needed, wanted, craved it.  

Since then, every person who comes near me for any time at all can't help but comment on how the smell suits me...some even mention it more than once - weird?  I've had guys who otherwise have no interest in perfumes actually ask me the name of what I'm wearing.  I haven't worn another scent that elicits that sort of reaction.  Ever.  
susieq813 is right: sample it before  you buy it, and since you're at it, grab a spoon, because you're in for an edible trip. 

Angel is the typical fragrance that raises the question: is she wearing the perfume or the perfume wearing her?

Other than patchouli, the list of notes is long enough for anyone to smell something different all the time.
((Wow...  I just saw that Angel has been around for almost 20 years.  I had no idea!))

So, 10 years ago, I got my very first whiff of Angel.  I was babysitting, and the mother of the kids had a bottle in the bathroom.  It was in love at first smell.   In high school, I loved patchouli, and I think of Angel as an "adult version" of patchouli!  While working at a perfume kiosk a few years later, I would steal sprays of the sample non-stop! 

Angel IS on the pricey-side, compared to some perfumes out there.  But, I got the star that you can refill... which is a brilliant idea!  It's also a perfume you need to try before you buy.  It is very strong, and at first it may knock you off your feet.  But give it a chance.  Most people love it.  I get compliments on it HOURS after I put it on.  So, it's definitely long-lasting.  Give it a try!
There are certain accords in fragrances, similar to a specific chord change in music,  which knock you off your feet. I won't bore everyone by listing some though. There is a moment in Angel which sent shivers down my spine. This is when, about 5 minutes in, the blackcurrant/peach note emerges from the fog of chocolate and patchouli -- it is truly exquisite. For one instance, I was thinking I could pull this off, but the rather long and powerful drydown is too feminine for me. This was the EDP and it is very potent. That burgeoning accord, while it lasted, deserves a thumbs up on its own.
I AM ABSOLUTELY CRAZY ABOUT THIS STUFF. Since I'm out of Shalimar right now, it's my favorite scent I own. 

Yes, Angel tends to be  a love-it-or-hate-it topic; that's because the fragrance is so very original.  Olivier Cresp (TM's perfumer, who built Angel) clearly has a yard of guts, and so do the folks chez Thierry Mugler; I'm told Angel just didn't sell for the first two years, but they kept making it and let it find its audience.  

And, boy, does this fragrance "work" on me!  I love fragrances with strong and unexpected contrasts between the top and bottom notes, and some light and space in the middle; Mark's White Vetiver does this rather badly and Fergie's Outspoken Intense does it pretty well, but Angel is the mack momma of this style.  All that bright soft  sweetness up top and then that BIG patchouli note underneath. . .I'm just gone on the stuff.  I'll wear the men's version when I can get a dab of it, too, though I haven't worn it enough to talk about it intelligently.
YUM!!! Luckily Angel now works with me, it didn't always, I used to HATE Angel with a red hot passion! I think the reason I hated Angel previously was not only because of the mega dose of patchouli that assaulted my nose upon first spray but also because I was putting one spray on each wrist and that was just too much!! I attempted Angel again while studying up on Innocent (which I like a lot), I kept going back to reviews of Angel and was intrigued by how blank and white the reviews seemed, people either loved or hated Angel with very little so-so in between. I dug out my sample and squirted it on a q-tip then lightly dabbed it on my wrists, I did still get the strong patchouli but it was much milder and the dry down was to die for, on me it's a blend of deep dark chocolate, a touch of vanilla and patchouli. I've now graduated to one spray on my wrist then lightly rubbed on the other wrist and lo and behold I actually LOVE the patchouli now!! My husband loves it too! I think Angel really comes down to personal chemistry, it smells wonderful on some and horrible on some, I also think it is frequently over applied and that's why it has such a bad reputation, if the over sprayers would lighten up you'd probably get more compliments and less scowls. 
Well, I have waited a good long time before sampling Angel.  The fact that it has all that patchouli in it has always scared me off.  I have never liked a lot of patchouli in a fragrance.  All that said, I finally took the plunge and tried my first Thierry Mugler scent!
The first whiff was all sweet, sweet fruit and linament! "Oh, boy"  I thought,"here we go."  Now, I know better than to judge a perfume by its' top notes alone.   So I waited patiently for the dry down and what do you know?  Such a pleasent surprise!
Every note seems to meld together in the dry down into a lovely, edible (and not to terribly sweet) accord!
No wonder this scent has always been touted as a ground-breaker!  Well done, Thierry Mugler!
This is my mother's new signature scent. I've given it her for her birthday together with my sister (it's really expensive!).
I liked it very much on her but when I tried it on a little, it didn't smell good. Very nauseating on my side.

Then, after a few days my sister and I went a little grumpy saying: "Have you sprayed your scent on?" when she just sprayed it on.
It's very heavy on the beginning and after a few days, a little annoying in the beginning.
But after a few minutes it gets back to great.

The biggest downturns on this fragrance are that it's so damn expensive and that the star-shaped bottle can't be put standing upright.
I like this its very masculine and feminine equally so it should be Unisex because Im a man and I wear it all the time and its more masculine than some of my other colognes lolz but its great it smells like a chocolate candy shop with a hint of berrries and plums and some patchouli and little bit of honey. If anyone like gourmand scents this for U but becareful this thing projects like a titanic so watch how much u spray on U or U will suffocate but im very happy to own this fragrance!
I have a hard time understanding why Angel is a love-it or hate-it scent, because I can't imagine anyone not loving it.

This is a fragrance for women who aren't afraid to flaunt their femininity, and don't care whether you like it or not.  Angel is raging feminine sexuality, grabbing you by your hair and pulling you in.  I get weak at the knees any time the smell of Angel is nearby.  

If you're going to wear Angel, at least do it right.  In other words, don't wear this discreetly.  Angel is strong and it's loud, and it should be worn that way.  Spray it in your hair for maximum sillage and allure.

This isn't a perfume.  It's a potion.

MY RATING:  10/10
Angel was one of the most  groundbreaking and influential releases in the early 90's mass market perfumery. A magistrally creafted and very rich fruity gourmandic frangrance that became huge all over the world. Chocolate, coconut and candies with melon and mandarin on top and floral hints throughout. An unique combination of notes to create a deep, sweet and very distinctive scent awarded in the FIFI hall of fame in 1997.

Fortunately / unfortunately (depending on the point of view), Angel had an incredible commercial feedback so that in a certain period almost everybody used to wear it. In the mid 90's any bar, club, restaurant, disco or public space was filled by the loud smell of Angel as any girl /woman used it in huge amounts, so it fastly turned to be irritant and nauseating.

Now, after almost two decades, time has done its part and it seems that many persons forgot about this fragrance so that Angel can be wore again, but please ladies...be careful with dosage.

A landmark in perfumery and a mandatory try.
This was an impulsive buy. I don't really like it on myself as I think it is too loud and I have to say I like loud perfumes. Cristobal by Cristobal Balenciaga has a very similar heart and base, but possibly more  elegant and with a wonderful sillage. 
Just slightly gourmand, we could say. This infamous fragrance is, in its aroused angular feel high in the air, the olfactory "metallic" equivalent of a sugared almond flavoured by anise and chocolate, overall with a mentholated aromatic backtaste. It's indeed sweet, floral, metallurgical and aromatic in an icy-mentholated way. Angel is not properly mysterious but classic/chic, icy/romantic, fairy, starry and paradoxically vintage/glamour with its bombastic rooty-icy-candied patchouli. It's in tone with a frosty metropolitan night out, while the wearer is commuting from a club to an other one. The citrus, the aromatic icy "water", the flowers and some herbal elements are prominent at the beginning but express their own power throughout the development. Angel in short enters just one foot inside the gourmand territories and the chocolate-caramel accord is toned down in comparison with the denser A*Man. What is undeniable is that this futuristic scent is weirdly "glamour/retro" with its cool-warm, smooth-metallic splinters of stary patchouli-vanilla. Angel is a plutonic blend of creams and alluminium, a brash mix of choccolate, harsh citrus, fruits, flowers, vanilla, caramel, honey and earthy patchouli watered and aromatized in a synthetic and mentholated-balsamic way by the link between lavender-helonial-coumarin. The blend is surrounded by many further complementary elements. Angel is a mix of contrasts and over this state of things it roots its modern strength. The beginning is industrially hesperidic in an almost off-putting sugary way. It's like a clanking rattle of  iron scrap. In a second phase the elements start to intersects mutually in the right way disclosing a silkier milky-soapy-aromatic side with an iceberg floating inside. Angel is proudly synthetical with a bombastic projection and a not less emphatic longevity. A winner on the market and among the young ladies as well as Hypnotic Poison but far in a far better way for sure.
This is the one perfume I keep coming back to...in the past I have always found a new scent to wear, about once a year or so. Angel is the only one I've ever purchased twice. It's my go-to signature scent, the one that comforts me and makes me feel sexy and confident.

That being said, I won't get into HOW it smells, as there are so many reviews about that. I will, however, point out a few things I've noticed that make this scent even more unique. 

Angel smells completely different on paper/clothing than on skin...if you don't like it on your skin due to the smoky camphor note you get the first few minutes, try it on your clothing instead. 

Also, I know some will say not to rub your wrists after applying, but I always do with this particular scent...reason being, I find the smoky burnt candy notes go away rather quickly after this and the heart notes kick in faster. I'll admit that the heart & base notes are definitely the highlight of this fragrance, at least for me. 

Lastly, this is the only scent I've ever worn that changes so much as my body temperature rises. The honey/melon/peach notes are at their peak when I am very warm...and men seem to really love this fragrance! 


Dec
15
2008 

I was scared even to try this one. But month ago I've find out that my beloved Angel le lys is discontinued (whole Garden of star collection:( ), so I've decided to give a chance to her older sister (mother?). I've expected a sweet bomb - chocolate, vanilla, candies, sugar, honey, fruits... And I got patchouli. Nice one, polite, a bit sweeter than in Eden for example but not sweet. Not loud, not cloying, just well behaved patchouli with some strange spices. And I love it:) I still prefer Angel le lys but Angel itself is pleasant surprise. And nothing to be scared of (on me).
Man. Candy.

I'm reviewing this from reverse: I haven't worn it, but I've smelled it on many.  And oh my goodness do I ever love it.  My girlfriend (a Basenoter who shall remain nameless) says I'm a poser for even admitting I like this, but I can't deny my true self.  The truth will out.  I love this stuff.

Quite literally, four of the last five times I've asked a woman "OMG, what is that you're wearing?" she's said Angel.  While that certainly suggests something about my taste, it also suggests something about my total inability to recall utterly commen scents but we won't belabor that point further here.  Moving right along.  I love this stuff.  I dream of its candylike beckoning.  I want more.  
Chocolate, chocolate, chocolate, yada, yada, yada. I'm not eating a candy bar here. My first encounter with this was after significant dry-down. A delicious, complex variation on patchouli, which I am just a sucker for. Just got some for my wife - we'll see how that works out. So far, just tried some on myself. Early on, I pick up a somewhat annoying sour note. This disappears and improves over a little bit of time. Not quite at the patchouli point yet, but very pleasing. Quite impressive.
Pervasive instability of mood, impulsive aggressiveness, a frantic drive not to be alone, serial crises.  Yes, Angel, it’s borderline personality disorder.

If I were a dragqueen I would wear Angel, here's why:

FAAAAABULOUS-first-sniff-impression

It's 6' 4" tall (without heels)

It's so conspiciously feminine there's no question about who's the most FAABULOUS LADY in the house

Yet, it's suspiciously masculine - as Luca Turin sharply puts it, Angel has an adam's apple (that brilliant patchouli!)

Did I mention it's FABULOUS?
this did not work in summer's heat for me at all. however, re-tried on a whim in the cold of winter and it turned BEAUTIFUL --and very sexy-- on me! I have officially become a HUGE Thiery Mugler fan: many of his fragrances have reacted similarly on my skin. The notes also vary greatly with "time of the month" which attest to the depth and genius of TM as an artist-advocate for all our feminine sides!
It's summer, and you know what that means? I'll be wearing gigantic orientals, their sillage amplified by a quarter-inch of sweat. It's considered gauche to wear loud fragrances in summer, but I completely disagree; all the big orientals- Youth-Dew, Opium, Angel- seem positively designed for this kind of sweltering provocation. A good layer of sweat really brings out their "COME HITHER, YOU BIG MAN" qualities. Speaking of Angel, I think it might have surpassed Youth-Dew as my all-time favorite perfume. I got my star refilled at Nordstrom last week for the nice price of $45 and I've been wearing it continuously for the past week. It's just such an endlessly fascinating and disturbing fragrance, and it's impossible to categorize or understand. It was released in '92, well into the onset of what Chandler Burr calls the "anorexic oceanics of the 1990s", yet it is a throbbing, room-filling fuck-off power-woman scent in the 80's OpiumPoisonGiorgio style. It straddles the line between male and female despite being intended for and worn mainly by women; an ultra-femme pink cotton candy note is strangled to death before your eyes by a virile, throaty patchouli. It is one of the most successful perfumes in history and is available at Wal-Mart but it does not in any way comply with the American imperative to smell "clean"- in fact, it smells positively raunchy, as though body odor and sweet musky shit-stained panties were layered with rotting fruit and topped off with a post-apocalyptic stripper pole. Its advertising is counter-intuitive and designed to distract potential customers from what it ACTUALLY smells like; the packaging is light blue when the juice smells a sinister glittery brown. Sales-associates will inform dimwitted women that it smells of chocolates and sweets, when it smells of death and the infinite beyond. Ad copy refers to the "tender notes of Angel" and "memories of Thierry Mugler's childhood"; Angel wearers clearly lost their innocence LONG ago and now confront everyone they meet with the olfactory tenderness of snorting jagged shards of blue sugar glass. Angel is worn equally by conservative women (allegedly it is the signature scent of both Laura Bush and Hillary Clinton) and women of the night (numerous sources have told me of its popularity among erotic dancers). AND IT WAS A HUGE HIT! More disturbing is the nicotine-like addiction that Angel induces in the wearer, necessitating the purchase of (literally) hundreds of bizarrely named ancillary products ("Celestial Showers Gel"? "Perfuming Hair Mist"?) in an effort to preserve the scent on skin for the rest of your lifetime. The addictive part of Angel, the really good part, is that first blast of body odor and rotten fruit that fades within a few minutes, so the wearer is forced to continually reapply to get that kick. The more you wear it, the more you become anosmic to it, so you keep putting on layer upon layer upon layer, achieving a Baby Jane-like flaking pancake makeup effect and making you smell TRULY filthy, TRULY like you have been living on the streets and selling your unclean body for weeks. As Anais Reboux says to Roxane Mesquida at the beginning of Breillat's "Fat Girl", "You reek of loose morals." They have soda fountain-style REFILL STATIONS at all major department stores, for Christ's sake! I indulge in dreams of taking foot-tall Slurpee cups to Nordstrom and demanding that an effete, tittering male sales associate fill them to the brim, at gunpoint. How on earth did you get away with it, Mugler? Around the time of its release, sales associates were instructed to forcefully spray it on the arms of confused women, look directly in their trembling eyes, and tell them, mantra-like, "THIS IS A FRAGRANCE FOR A UNIQUE WOMAN. NO ONE ELSE WILL SMELL LIKE THIS. A UNIQUE, UNCOMPROMISING WOMAN WOULD WEAR THIS. IT IS UNLIKE ANYTHING ELSE". I'm not kidding, this is how it became a success. They still talk like that at the department stores, too, when they find out you're an Angel fan, in the thick, lascivious tone of a depraved Madame speaking to a whorehouse patron with particularly exotic, violent, and possibly illegal sexual tastes. They'll spray you with the latest seasonal version ("Angel Soleil au Fraiche Summer Fraicheur Energizing Oil Cream" or some such nonsense, available for a limited time only) and hold your arm with their lacquered dragon talons, hissing that there are LOTS of people out there who like Angel and you needn't feel guilty or immoral for it. AND IT WAS A HUGE HIT!

One of my best friends who happens to be a mortician told me an amazing and frightening story. While preparing a corpse for its funeral, she was handed a bottle of Angel and instructed to spray it all in and around the coffin because it was the deceased's favorite scent. Angel, which already smells of death, follows its wearers TO THE GRAVE. 

Update 1/15:

In the six or seven years I've been heavily into fragrance I've worn just about everything. None of these love affairs have lasted the duration except for Angel, which I still have to keep a bottle or three of around as a reminder of my true fragrance identity. IMO there has never been such perfect top-down design for a fragrance in history-- there is the scent itself, which everyone knows, and then there is the perfect avant-garde marketing emphasizing the danger of wearing such a polarizing scent ("Beware of Angels"). There is the ironic name, which acts to throw off the consumer's perception of the filthy scent in the way that the homoerotic Le Male bottle draws both camp homosexuals and the cartoonishly masculine. A large part of Angel's appeal to me is that it manages to alienate both fragrance snob bloggers and the average consumer that wishes to smell clean; the former with its ditzy image and popularity and the latter with its intense evocation of filth and sexual raunch. It's a difficult muse and varies wildly from day to day and in different weather but that's part of the fun; sometimes you feel like sticky syrup at the bottom of a trashcan and sometimes you feel like a pristine Arctic wonderland. I wear it year-round because when you love it, nothing else will do. Mugler has done well in the last two decades of Stalinist industry regulations in preserving Angel; of course it's not as extreme as it once was but it still smells terrific, like itself, and has that medicinal shock that keeps the cult addicted.
A few months ago I gave this a thumbs down and wrote the following:

At first I just loved Angel but it is a scent one tires of quickly.  I also smell it everywhere I go so it has become a little ordinary.  I haven't worn it in awhile so I think I might just get mine out and give it another go.

Today I give it a thumbs up.  I did get mine out and wore it.  I fell totally in love again.  It just smells warm and comforting but at the same time very sophisticated.  I would love to talk about top notes and bottom notes and silage (which is very good) but this perfume is all emotion to me and a good one at that.  I will definitely be wearing it more often.
Cotton candy and caramel combined with armpitty patchouli and musk, in a bizarre tango that shouldn't work but somehow does. Masuline and feminine in equal doses; works just as well, and smells just as raunchy, on both sexes. The definition of a "love it or hate it" scent: if you love it, you REALLY love it, and if you hate it, words cannot express how much. Inarguably a must-sniff for patchouli fans, gourmand groupies, and anyone who's ever wondered what a cotton candy body spray would smell like on a porn star after the director yells "Cut!".
One of my perfumes of my mid 20's. Loved the candied bergamot so much, bought it here and in Paris (a little cheaper at the time). But another trip to France, I was schooled on Molinard, which I'd seen at home, but ignored. But there was Nirmala in a lovely old fashioned, blue bottle. Very much like Angel, but the ingredience smell of a garden in Grasse. It's interesting to find variations on a similar scent theme.
What a daring fragrance! It is not a secret that Angel is not a traditional feminine scent.  However polarizing it is, I find its gourmand strength to be particularly suited to a crisp fall evening. The vanilla notes do not burn off as easily, and I always feel particularly warm wearing this scent as I wander the rainy, foggy nights. Angel is rich, complex, and unabashedly decadent - like a earthy red wine. I find it is easier to pull off Angel after having washed my hair in a light vanilla-scented shampoo. It enhances the patchouli, vanilla, and jasmine notes.
love it.  Always end up going back to it. People will know you're in the building when you wear it. Not for the faint hearted
Love it-works with my chemistry! There is nothing like it period. That said it's not safe for enclosed spaces or office wear- it can overwhelm its environment! Incredibly original statement fragrance ( nobody wears it in this neck of the woods ).
Minus burnt rubber, it smells very close/virtually identical to A*Men; just weaker. This is what I first thought of Angel when I smelt it.Angel is a demonic patchouli and chocolate scent that befouls its neighbors but blesses the wearer. It accosts your friends while being your only friend. It greets your with warm cookies and leaves everyone else in the patchouli brush, pricking every single one of their limbs so as if to say, "HELL YEAH!" in a overly dramatic tone.This scent is so polarizing... it makes me love it for some reason. Please, for the love of any deity, wear only a spray of this. It can really ruin someone's day.
I went through a bottle of this beauty quickly. It's perfect for any time use. It has a pepper, caramel, citrus quality that won't offend the office in daytime, then shape shifts to a musky, patchouli dark chocolate suitable for nighttime wear. The scent blends to you and becomes your signature. It was noticed by noses wherever I went. In dance class, women stood close to me and marveled at how good the room smelled. The only problem was, my husband didn't like it and found it overpowering. I agree with a review above in that the name Angel, which connotes something light and atmospheric and dreamy and pure, isn't right for what this is. It's sweet, yes, but there's also a darkness to it.  
Angel - on the overwhelming side, but let's face it... it's delicious.  Angel got me interested in A*Men and the offshoots like Pure Coffee, and I'm grateful for that.  So that led me to checking out the Angel variants, specifically this years 2010 Sunessence Bleu Lagon.  It's an effervescent masterpiece of an interpretative angel infused with a sparkling fruity/citrus top end, and far better constructed mid/base without the cloying honey drenching of the original.  So, thank you Angel for leading the way to this years version - it's a big time keeper.  
You simply can't go wrong with Angel. Being one of the most popular and well-known fragrances in the last 20 years, Angel still manages to stand out in a crowd.This is a delicious and very unique scent, the first of its kind. It's sexy, dark, mysterious, sweet and memorable. Surprisingly quite controversial, it seems that you will either love or hate this fragrance. I personally adore it and love wearing it especially during Winter or on a night out on the town.When I first apply Angel to my skin, I get a very distinctive mandarin note. This mandarin is fresh, juicy and raw, smells exactly like the actual fruit. Minutes later Angel begins to smell like gingerbread men and vanilla, I can even sense a chocolatey note, but perhaps more like a mug of hot chocolate rather than a block of solid chocolate.I find it difficult to control my sweet tooth when I wear this fragrance. I feel compelled to walk straight into the nearest bakery and buy every sweet pastry I can afford.Don't be fooled by the name, Angel is in no way innocent and heavenly. Demon would be a better suited name for this scent.I suggest that everyone try this at least once in their life because like Chanel No.5, it is quickly becoming a well-known classic.
Never thought I would like this scent - or rather, never thought it was for me. It sounded just too gourmand, heavy and foody for my liking, not to mention it's thought of as a 'loud' fragrance (referencing Luca Turin), and one of the first fragrances I ever owned was another 'loud' fragrance that I was never able to pull off, Gucci Rush. A salesperson offered me a sample, and I do like it. I find it rich, but not heavy (unlike Organza Indecence), and I feel more comfortable wearing it than I thought I would. When I first spray it on I can't stop smelling my wrist. For me the best part is the early stages though, with all its rich delicious gourmand notes. Then Angel dries down to a dry masculine patchouli base on me, and it was this stage that elicited a comment from my mother that I smelled vaguely of an old man.
This is the finest fragrance ever made. I have been waiting to review it for a year now, thinking I'd somehow find words to describe the finest fragrance ever made, but I can't. So this is my review. It's the finest fragrance ever made. And it isn't sweet. Not to me. It's dry and crazy. And really unique. And it changes all day, and it lasts. And everyone loves it on me. It's the best fragrance ever made. It was given to me as a gift - how do you like that? Who figured a person could randomly give a surprize gift of perfume, something so subjective. Yet here's my review. I am a perfume junkie, it's what I hoard, it's what I love - and this - It's the best. 
This is a fierce cold weather perfume. Strong patchouli, chocolate and vanilla that wears like an edible massage oil. It's great on my woman, and when I come home late from work and smell this, I get really, how should I say, hungry. There is nothing coy or shy about this scent. While this may have been worn by everyone when this came out, I just don't smell it around anymore.
While initially strangely herbaceous and reminiscent of weedy smells, Angel brings the words fruity, rich, sweet, and powerful to a new level. The period after the strange herbaceousness smells like a rich fruit compote with chocolate cake in the oven next to you. After that, it descends into a carmely, chocolaty, rich scent. Patchouli makes a feature in the end, letting you know that's what has been making this so interesting all along. Lasts on my skin over 24 hours. Crazy.
Jeez I love this scent!

When I run into a woman wearing this, I am at an immediate loss for words and rationale thought. This is kyroponite to what little machismo I may have.

Seems to be a very polarizing scent. A lot of negatives in here proportionate to the positives. I nevertheless find it intoxicating. I always get a bit of the cotton candy scent and some patchouli, but never the chocolate.

When I smell Angel in a crowd my heart beat quickens and my head spins until I find the source. 
As we all know fragrance smells different on each person so the idea of a signature scent is really rather funny since we already have our own scent and perfume just adds to it. Poor "Angel" she has unfairly been label a whore when a saint is really what she is. It's peoples misuse of her that has tarnished her good name. Angel was new and different and ready to be loved and loved she was. Then the imitators begain to appear talk about "whores" and very cheap ones at that. When I wear Angel I feel very happy and those around me feel happy. So I will continue to wear her and defend her honor. May Angel live forever!
I tend to favor sweets over florals and Angel dances along one hell of a scent spectrum to satisfy everything I want in a fragrance.  Angel starts out dark, intense, and sexy, then shifts to a lush sweetened fruit, and then finally settles into a dessert-like treat---I can't say enough to explain how wonderfully complex Angel is.  I wore it many years ago and for whatever reason stopped...  I've taken up with Angel again recently after this hiatus and love wearing it, especially because the staying power is strong and I only need a small amount to last almost the entire day.

What can I say? It's nice but not that special? I'm trying to understand the millennial obsession with this fragrance but can't relate to the hype. My conclusion is that Alien stands out  because it's far far away from the fruity floral fair that dominated the early 2000s. It's stronger, darker, spicier, more oriental. If you were raised on fun, flirty, fruity florals it would definitely 
get your attention.  However if you are familiar with 80s and pre 80s perfumery, it's just not that special. To my nose it is a more subtle version of Givenchy Amarige.
Bold, nearly boozy jasmine.  Creamy, like a liqueur.  Overly sweetened woody scent a few moments later, that reminds me of a hyper-sweet incense or a glade room spray.  It's soft then.  It sometimes annoys me; at times delights me.  It depends on my mood, what it does to me.  Alien is one of "those".  I don't wear it often as it can be cloying.  My little one ounce bottle will last me the rest of my life.

The base is just as sweet with its amber tone.  The sweetness of Alien never lets up.  It is also good for its longevity.  I give this a 3.5 to 4 star rating, depending on my mood.

Amber darkens & dominates later.
I lied, I'm sorry. I love this perfume! I don't know what I was thinking. I think it just needed to settle, but it smells amazing! It is "grape-y" at first, but it settles and you appreciate the scent all day!
Previous review 11/6/18: I blindly bought this based on the raving reviews. I wanted something with good sillage and longevity, something I could spray on in the morning and last all day so I wouldn't need to carry a decant. 
So, I haven't received it in the mail yet, but I did go and sample this at the local department store (and 2 others I blindly bought based solely on reviews-gucci bloom and versace bright crystal). 
I know exactly how to describe this "alien" perfume for those who've never smelled...have a dose of children's grape dimetapp cold and cough syrup, it tastes the way "alien" smells. The scent of this fragrance is very (exactly) synthetic grape that lasts at least 4 hours, dominating any other notes that is claims to have in it. This scent is the twin of children's grape dimetapp's taste. "What's that scent you're wearing" they say, "grape dimetapp". 
Take a rich jasmine note, shear off its rough (indolic, green) edges, hook it up to an outdoor amplifier, and overlay it with a gauzy, vanillic amber accord that has roughly the half-life of plutonium. That's Alien. For what it is, it's great, and even slightly narcotic under the right conditions. This is a perfume for a woman with a capital "W" - or a confident man in an insouciant mood. (Alien dries down gorgeously on skins of either sex.) If you're a fan of the Mugler style - ie. "Go Big or Go Home" - and if every jasmine perfume you've come across so far has seemed just a tad restrained for your liking, Alien is nothing short of a must-sniff. Run, don't walk. For others....well. Spray at your peril. This alien doesn't come in peace.
A sweet powdery floral scent. The structure is simple yet "alien". Jasmin and amber as dominant elements are relatively common in perfumes, yet their combination in Alien smells so unusual! A typical success of "less is more"! It's sensual and feminine. No need for any excessive complexity to pretend to be mysterious but it has its own depth. I actually find it unique but not that difficult to appreciate. The projection is very good and the longevity can reach 12h. It worths at least a try during one's fragrance discovery journey.

Originally written in 2013.
The EDT is “of course” lighter but it also has a more acide citrus note than the EDP. It smells a bit like a Cologne. I don’t get any of the notes listed here. 

But the EDP is sweeter and deeper. Way more interesting. Projection and longevity are awesome. 
Very strong scent.  Use sparingly. Although not in the notes,  I find it smells a lot like grapes,  and a few of my friends agreed also. Once it sets in it calms down a bit.  
I own the Eau de Parfum. to me Alien is (think real flowers) a tad of Tiger Lily and then all Jasmine, & fresh air. I have a huge amount of jasmine which grows on the back fence, far from the house, but when it blooms and I open the sliding glass doors, I can smell it alllll the way to my house. that jasmine bush smells heady & magic, it makes you close your eyes and breathe it in. i wear Alien to work almost exclusively and it's because i alwaysssss get told "you smell good" "what are you wearing?" strangers in elevators, everywhere. in fact, that is how I came to buy it. i walked in a club house at a friends condo. there was only one woman there. I asked her, hey, what's that smell in this room, it's incredible. bcuz so many people mention it, I asked my boss if I had too much on, she said no, you smell clean.
by the way, you need ONE or TWO dabs or sprays, it is STRONG, with great sillage and longevity. Well worth the price
This is a lovely perfume that I almost skipped because it's so commonly worn.

Alien starts with some sharp white florals (mostly jasmine), a lot of sweetness and a hint of woods and metal. After about an hour it settles in nicely to a somewhat sweet creamy (almost nougat like) jasmine that has a touch of powder to it (possibly some sandalwood). 

I like it much more than I had originally thought I would. Because it is so widely available and because Thierry Mugler is such a popular house, this has the stigma of being seen as "ordinary" or "generic", when it isn't. Yes, it has the ever popular elements of white floral and sweetness, but it's done in a way that is different enough (and lasts decently enough) to be more enjoyable than mass market sugar or fruity/floral bombs. Sillage is soft to moderate (about 2-3 feet) and lasting power is about 5-6 hours. Really lovely and versatile fragrance. I think my favorite time to wear it would be Fall/Winter day or night.
This is a perfume I fell in love with, beautiful, different, true to its name.  I went to buy it, but when I got to the counter to smell the tester to make sure the love and attraction was still there,  it turned me off.  The scent was overly strong in the commercial way.  Perhaps that was an old batch or one that had been in the heat. If there was a lighter version of it, I would reconsider. 
Alien is the fragrance I love despite myself. I sort of dislike everything the perfume stands for, it's name, the gaudy packaging, not to mention it's notoriety. Alien is too well known for it's own good in a way, it's celebrity making it feel that bit too obvious, and therefore overplayed and unrefined. Thierry Mugler seems to be the worst kept secret in perfumery. And yet, the scent itself is so appealing and irresistible to me, that I overcome my snobbery and all these things, the name, the packaging, they pale into insignificance because at the end of the day: I love that smell. It's as simple as that. However loud and conspicuous there is something in the combination of notes in this fragrance that always pulls me in. It is sort of a throw back to the 80s in it's big brassy unabashedly sexy floral nature. It's kind of brash and overt in it's sexiness so I have to be in a very specific mood to wear it - usually a winter's evening, it should be worn with heels. It should feel dated by now I tell myself but Alien remains a heady and intoxicating magic potion I can't help but adore, an ex-lover who is no good but I keep coming back to anyway.
10/10
So Alien smells a little trashy.  I think the house of Thierry Mugler wears trashy on its sleeve like a badge of honor, so there's kind of no point in pretending otherwise.  The "space jasmine," as another Basenote reviewer perfectly describes this scent, is a spicy cinnamon-inflected nuclear jasmine overlaid with a streak of menthol.  The tension generated between the warm cinnamon and the cool menthol is, to my nose, what makes the jasmine seem to vibrate in the air--for hours and hours.  (So much so that overspraying can send me straight into the fetal position with a migraine--beware).  

Lots of reviewers feel disappointed by the drydown, but this style of loud perfumery really doesn't leave a lot of room to manouver.  As it is, I find Alien creamy and alluring on skin.  After all that oscillation, Alien gently gradually slows down and comes to a rest.  What's wrong with that? 

I really enjoy this perfume; but then, I wore Poison in 1986 and Paris in 1990.  Big florals like these can be marvelously beautiful, and they're also a lot of fun.  I reserve Alien for evenings with noise and drinks.  Even then, a judicious trigger finger is the secret to these beasts.
What I love most about Alien is how 80s-minded it is. The purple grape hairspray quality of it is reminiscent of both Giorgio and Poison, but it smells completely modern. The jasmine in it smells electric and opulent and the woody drydown adds a warm fuzz to the cold, mentholated florals. The way it bounces around the room is really amazing--my boyfriend was wearing it when I came home one day and watching The Hunger. It went perfectly with the movie--stylish, cold, pleasantly empty. I love it for being the only thing on the market this loud that I still commonly smell on people, even in largely fragrance-free Austin. If you wear it, wear a lot of it. It needs to be oversprayed for that wonderful narcotic effect. I like it on women, but it's possibly even better on men.
Salutation.

When a man stops you and ask what are you wearing?It smells Great.You know it is worth every penny you spend and in my opinion THIERREY MUGLER fragrances have this sensible characteristic just like ALIEN.It is Dark,slightly Decadent and so Alluring.in other words Magnetic,Woody,Irresistible,Strong, Exotic,Glamorous,Sensuous and Modern.

At first spray it can be a powerful and heavy burst but as it fades i found it to be quite Lovely.It finished with Amber.This is a winning combination for a perfume that screams Seduction of skin as it takes your senses in a Intoxicating Fancy to a For-Off land as it smells like a Dark Mysterious forest in a fairy tale or a Princess living in the forest.

Totally most prominent to me is a mix of Jasmine and Wood.The perfume lasts all day only with 2 or 3 sprays.Cool Autumn Evenings and Dreary winter moments come alive with ALIEN and this is due the base notes and definitely Amber.If you want to draw the attention of Men to you in a Party this is a Noticeable perfume but not for Everyone.

Sillage?Impressive.

Longevity?Lasts and Lasts.

Thank You THIERRY MUGLER 

8/10
While testing frags I stumbled across Alien after loading up several dozen cards and smelling them blindly while at a red light. I was very into the floral scent of it. I returned the next day with the card to purchase it and gave it a test...wow this scent is STRONG and incredibly long lasting! I actually almost don't like it before the dry down it's almost too much. However after the dry down tames it just enough to the point I can't get enough of it. I wish my wife liked it as much as I do. I ask her to were it on special occasions and out to a nice restaurant/bar.

I prefer this scent with dry cool weather. People ask or compliment more times than not when out for an evening.
Sweet and exotic.  I LOVE this fragrance.The best feature of this perfume is its wonderfully intoxicating vanilla and jasmine scents that last and last.  A little goes a long way.  Well worth the price.  Love that you can refill at department stores like macy's for less!
I bought Alien on a whim, in Duty-free, only because what I'd read was so positive.  At first spray, the impression was a cloying, dissonant, chemical disaster.  Once I left the duty-free area, however, heading back to the lounge to await my flight, the first impact of the fragrance hit me.  Abstract.  Powerful.  Something I wanted to "get to know better" or try in vain to "understand".  The first inkling of attraction - that quality that mystifies and draws you in.
It's been a week now, which I feel is enough time to weigh in on my experience with Alien.  And I admit it - I'm in love.  
To me, Alien embodies EVERYTHING that a true WOMAN should be - the sparkling jasmine opening is unabashedly feminine, confident and strong (a warning is befitting here - a small amount goes a long way - one spray is usually all you need!) the sheer and magical essence of solar accord and amber, the green-metallic je ne sais quois- make her seem mysterious, aloof, and cool - classic qualities of an attractive woman.  At the same time, the balmy/woodsy vanilla drydown with just the slightest hint of musk make her warm, inviting, almost approachable?  And the overall impression is downright BEAUTIFUL.    Perfect for a confident, original and classy woman who discriminates in life and love.  
A candied floral entity that projects a luminous holographic jasmine for the first 15-20 minutes before it runs out of power. The jasmine sambac is indeed glorious but the supporting ambery accord is toothache personified. Best to smell ALIEN from a distance where you catch whiffs of laundered, indole-free white florals.

The bottle is something else though - like an object from another universe, it's  sci-fi geek's wet dream. I see guys buying this purely for the bottle alone.
Wow! I love wearing this jasmine-amber bomb. Sprayed very sparingly it's truly awesome!
It opens with a blast of wonderful jasmine (a bit medicinal and overwhelming if you spray too much, so be careful), the drydown is amazing: warm, sweet yet fresh (amber and jasmine), woody, cozy and a bit powdery.
Plus, it's one of the longest lasting scents I know.
Sultry, original and bold. Men notice this scent every single time I'm wearing it.
It's extremely popular, nevertheless perfect for being a signature.
Femininity and sophistication. One of my top favorites.
Glorious space-Jasmine. I swear it smells like it’s glowing.
Aside from the fact that I've had more compliments (from both sexes) with this scent than any other in my sizeable collection, I like the straightforward scent structure and how it shows off the richly faceted sambac jasmine to perfection.

If your skin seems to amplify the amber and the fruity aspect of the sambac jasmine a bit too much (i.e. you smell candy and nothing but candy) you should check out the Eau de Toilette version, which isn't just a diluted version of the EDP. It's a different formulation with a slightly more complex structure while still being recognizably Alien. 

I keep trying to leave reviews of this but no luck. Anyway, first of all the bottle is beautiful, despite the penguin comments, its like holding a precious jewel in your hand. Initial impact after a spray, is WOW beautiful jasmine and pure black pepper, to my nose. After awhile it is still strongly jasmine and the wood and amber, and later still even more beautiful jasmine and oudh. The fragrance is like a mysterious alchemy, like night and day combining and creating an alternative reality... It is an exquisite meeting of opposites, the sweetness contrasting with masculine black pepper, heady jasmine combined with grounding oudh wood. Don't stop making this, Mr Mugler, please, and don't change the formula!! Ever since I received this as a gift, I have worn no other scent (and I have a lot : ])
Alien opens with a blast of white floral jasmine with an almost oud-like undertone that melds with the florals extremely well.  The jasmine and oud-like woody notes at the heart are sweetened by amber in the base... and that is pretty much it.  The scent is extremely minimalist and linear and what you get up top remains throughout.  Projection is very good and longevity is above average.

Alien is a pretty simplistic composition, but it just plain "works".   The jasmine white florals definitely are the star of the scent with the woody oud-like accord and the sweet amber used strictly for support.  Ropion being one of the parfumiers on the scent does not surprise me, as the florals have his name written all over them, while underneath the florals that sweet base that Mugler frequently features shows Alien's pedigree.  On the whole Alien smells quite good and I definitely recommend it, but this one will most likely smell best on the ladies (not to say men *couldn't* wear it).  Alien earns a well-deserved very good to excellent 3.5 to 4 stars out of 5. 
Okay, the thing with Thierry Mugler is that you cannot smell once, and make a judgement. It will almost always be NO! This has happened with EVERYTHING I have tried by him. Suddenly after a while I realize that the fragrance morphs into something else, then hours later, something else...they are warm and always unique. Unending compliments, especially for Alien. My favorite of all, my tip is to spray it on your bra and let it sit overnight if you find it too strong. In the morning if you are not so surprised than this one is not for you. Blessings & Good Smellings!
I...Love....Thierry Mugler.  Everything this house has put out has been quality.  Longevity, projection, originality.  you name it, this house has it.  I can not get enough of this scent.  It smells like grape soda, fizz and all.  It is one of my favorite clubbing scents.  And here is the kicker, I'm a guy.  This is as unisex as a fragrance can get, in fact many of TM's fragrances are.  My girlfrend loves it on me just as much as her and it gets huge compliments.  Guys, dont be afraid to carefully select a womens perfume for yourself.  There is nothing wrong with it.  They are stronger and it opens the doors to everything.  Now there are very few that i would venture to try, they cant be too feminine or floral, but this one is right up my alley for cold weather, nightime wear.  So i sprayed givenchy play intense, le male, 1 million, and Alien on papers and had few guys test them out and i asked them which one is the womens perfume.  All 4 guys got them wrong.  Hmm......? give it a try....everyone.  
So finally I found my Alien! I have always liked it, but I found it a bit too sticky! But now I am the happy owner of the EdT, and that one sings beautiful on my skin!

As Thierry Mugler is environmentally conscious, I am proud to wear all of TM perfumes who works well on my skin!

Thumbs up for Alien EdT from me!
It was not love at first spray for me. I got Alien as a Christmas gift and made the mistake of spraying it on in front of the giver and almost choking!  It smelled medicinal and overly sweet to me - some sort of Campho-Phenique spilled into Splenda concoction. I slipped away and washed it off as soon as I could.

A few days later as I was doing laundry, the sweater I was wearing on Christmas wafted the most amazing fragrance.  Surely this amazing scent didn't come from that foul medicine I had sprayed?!  

Alien revisted:  Same opening stench as before.  But after the dry down, amazing floral and woody notes begin to emerge.  After a while on my skin, Alien is intoxicating and heady stuff.  Don't flee from this if at first you find it off-putting.  Let it mellow on your skin and see what happens.  For me it's pure other-worldly magic!
This is strictly an impressionistic note.  I haven't tried this on, but I smelled it during conversation with a very attractive woman.  It suited her so well, and it was a lovely scent.  It seemed warm, deep but not cloying or heavy, and worked well on a warm summer night.  Excellent sillage, particularly since this was an outdoor event.
An incredibly sexy fragrance, by far my favourite thing to smell on a woman. Highly recommended.
I've always admired Thierry Mugler's unique sense of style and approach when creating his fragrances and designing the packaging. While a fan of Angel, I wasn't quite sure of what to expect from his other fragrances. It took me a while to test Alien, his second most popular fragrance, for fear of being disappointed.

Well, I certainly was not disappointed. Something urged me to try this on my skin rather than the tester card, and I'm rather glad I did just that. 

The initial spray was not at all loud and obtrusive, which was a pleasant surprise because I expected the top notes to be somewhat similiar in strength to Angel. 

Alien is quite a deep floral scent, with the jasmine creating a sweet yet powdery-like smell. I like that this fragrance isn't complex and that it succeeds in appealing to a wide audience. 

This fragrance has excellent sillage and lasting power. I wore this on a 5 hour train ride and I could still smell Alien wafting around me when I arrived at my destination. 

The fragrance is quite versatile. I see Alien as being better suited to colder months and night time wear, however it could adapt well to any season or occasion. 

Overall, I consider Alien as being a mysterious, sexy and bold fragrance. This is definitely not a perfume for the shy.


Due to the marketing, name, and bottle design, I expected a very modern and unusual fragrance. Instead, this was a warm, woody, powder scent with a soft jasmine base. Very romantic & sensual. Between Angel & Alien, my husband prefers this one. I prefer Angel. Like Angel, it last for hours and a little goes a long way. I'm glad to have it, but I don't feel like TM's marketing really hit upon the nature of this scent properly.


I love jasmine, and this one is heavy jasmine. I am aware that not everyone likes jasmine, however. I can't make up my mind whether I like or dislike Alien...One minute I like its attitude and sultriness, the next I'm longing for a fresher scent. Perhaps I would like an EDT instead of EDP....and I might spray this on the inside of my calves instead of my neck...or try Alien lotion.

In the end, I almost can't get enough of it. Sweet!

Update: I've heard some people say this scent smells heavy like cigars or garbage (hahaha), but Alien requires some time and patience (and trust?) to sink into the skin-It becomes very sexy, and the scent is not floral or woody or spicy, or anything like I can describe-just very elegant, velvety, dark, warm and a bit cold at the same time. I am not a fan of Mugler, but this scent is high on my list of favorite designer fragrances(as opposed to niche, drugstore, artisan, etc....)!


Update much later:
I have to say this fragrance doesn't smell much like natural jasmine-I smell a unique amber note that I now refer to as the "Mugler amber"-it's a bit heavy, modern, and smells both hot and cold at the same time. I still think the opening isn't so much beautiful as strong and fascinating, while the dry down is pure femme fatale and just smells gorgeous on my skin. This is one of those perfumes that really smells "synthetic"-but great to me. I am not a fan of "synthetic" smells-but if you found this to be a scrubber, I think you should really let the top notes and aggression pass to smell the magic-not an easy perfume, but a beautiful one-that's how it deserves its name. That is also why I don't regularly wear it, though I will never swap my bottle.


Holyzoo described this as "supersonic jasmine"; indeed it is, & in my book that's a good thing! There's a strange, metallic "dental surgery" note in the opening which quickly wears off, a little pepper, & then it's glorious, singing jasmine all the way to the drydown of white amber & woods. There is an "otherwordly" feel to it, probably from the much debated "solar note", but l feel super sexy & feminine wearing this. The sillage & longevity are both awesome, & l can smell it on my clothes days later.
l must add that l can't stand Angel, & l would never have tried this had a basenoter not recommended it as a great jasmine-amber fragrance. l'm so glad l did, it was love at first sniff, & is a favourite in my wardrobe.
13 years later Thierry Mugler proves she still has the magic. Alien is Mugler’s first major fragrance for women since Angel. The perfume bottle is somewhat odd but unique, It really is one of the most spectacular and original bottles I have ever seen.

What they do is put time and effort into a few select products, working hard on the design, and using the finest ingredients to produce something spectacular. Completely different from some of the most prestigious 'Parfums houses', who makes like two fragrances in 1 year, and you can practically smell the same scent in others fragrances out there, nothing new.

The initial notes are fairly woody, and I have to be honest, this strong woody smell, was the reason why I didn't like Alien. But I can't judge a Fragrance only by the first seconds, because Alien grows on your skin and change. This is like the kind of magic produced only by ''Big Scents''. In this metamorphosis, Alien reveals its hidden secret, showing us the beautiful notes of jazmin, and an oriental amber infusion that is deep and sexy.

One spray or squirt and I feel instantly powerful, glamorous and sexy. Is definitely a "night" perfume. The lasting power is Sublime!


Alien is truly a masterpiece!
Alien is a very apt name for this other-worldly brew. This is how I imagine an alien dominatrix or drag empress would smell. It is a jolting explosion of rich and luxuriant exotic notes in your face, furious and unrelenting. I like it, but a dab of this, I imagine, goes on for days and miles.
This is the first fragrance I've ever owned and I still love it. Deep and sensual, yet somewhat offbeat. I thinks its sensuality to warmth of its amber notes and musk, whilst lurking beneath its spicy floral explosiveness, there is another "synthetic" scent that keeps you guessing. Definitely a scent to intrigue. Not for the faint-hearted. 
A super genial piece of glamour-chic modern perfumery. Alien is weird, carnal/dissonant, floral/poudre, sweet/acid, in perfect Thierry Mugler's style. An hyper fancy synth sambac jasmine's rendition. Deeply influencing in my opinion the following Esoteric by Alyssa Ashley, this scent is an interplanetary barbarian, a sort of extraterrestrial, metallic, balsamic, synthetic frozen vanilla/floral serum's smell, a space shuttle in which I detect the hand of the sadly departed Laurent Bruyere, the king of chic fragrances, working in here side by side with Dominique Ropion in order to blend this sort of perfumed Swarovski. Many assume this is a modern daily time scent while in my opinion this scent is decidedly a night time fragrance even if not exactly dark and mysterious in substance. This one is essencially a chic and sophisticated evening creation. The first burst is earthy and citric-metallic, a sort of roaring synthetic punch that becomes soon flowery in a sophisticated way. The flower protagonist is the jasmine, properly sambac jasmine, a special quality which is assumed to be a pillar of the chic-aura's effect. As well as Foetidus mentioned, this kind of jasmine has an immediate earthy-rooty undertone which, combined with citrusy notes, determines a sort of " metallurgic-floral " opening. The heart introduces an accord provided by interaction between cashmeran, a woody musky element, and the admittedly synthetic Solar note, a sort of artificial element that I can't catch in its essence but that has assumedly a sort of airy, balsamic and vanillic hispid smell. The base notes are mastered by white amber, a softly woody-musky kind of amber, a sort of airy and sunny kind of woody-powdery aroma. Alien is a very chic and modern experiment which, on a pretty daring woman, could wave out as a dangerous burst of pure sex.
If you want a perfume with presence - the whole marching band  - you can always rely on Mugler. After the hyper liquorice sweetness of Angel- which I love - we get this, where jasmine flowers are amplified to a giant scale  Perhaps this is the alien element, something becoming bigger and more resonant when taken to an foreign environment - like innocous plants like privet hedging that when transplanted from Europe to Australia become giant pernicious weeds! After the overwhelming invading jasmine it dries down to a fabulous rich woody base - it's alien but it's gorgeous. I surrender.
An acquired taste but one it has been acquired, My GOD !!! It becomes ever so addictive and uplifting.This is one evening scent for jasmine lovers who enjoy mistery and adventure and wear it on that special time of the year when the opportunity arises...are we talking vampires???; well done to the 2 perfumers who created this masterpiece.

i often wear this on dates, intense, deep and sensual, often get good comments when i wear this, like alot of thierry mugler frags
Supersonic metallic jasmine that resonates in floral harmony for hours and hours.  This is 1 out of 2 scents that I feel are incredible independent feminine frags.  Black Cashmere is the other.  Both are beautiful, stunning, and gorgeous.  They also have a feeling of "look but don't touch".  However, I must admit, this is one of my wife's favorites and I fell in love with her as Alien being her go-to perfume.  What does that mean then?  Alien is perfect for a performer type of personality.  And on the other side, if you want to wear something that selectively attracts only people who are genuinely confident in what it takes to get to know you, Alien might be your calling.  If you want a fragrance that beckons the world to snuggle up to you, I don't think Alien was born to do any such thing.  With all that said, Alien is not for the timid.  It is for the driven.  
A very warm and comforting scent.  I would describe it as an oriental.  Even though many people have commented that it lasts long, it doesn't have longevity on me.  I would put this in my top ten perfumes.  Not for the shrinking violets though!
This is my current favourite. I am no expert in terminology but to me it smells so otherworldly in a fantastic way. A huge plus for me (and which led me to buy it) is its longevity. Nothing lasts on me except some four or five fragrances from the myriads that I've tried. It not only lasts long but it smells better and better as time goes by. It may have absolutely nothing to do with it in scientific terms but it also reminds me of one of my boyfriend's perfumes, 'Sculpture' by Nikos, this may have made it so familiar and comforting to me. Nothing to stand in awe of but entirely to be enjoyed. It is also intoxicating and addictive...so alluring, warm and sexy...I just can't stop smelling my wrists when I put it on. Definitely a thumbs up...two thumbs up I say!!!
All Mugler scents that I've smelled so far are tangibly sexy attractive. Don't know the secret, but I always feel physically attracted. I rediscover the notes in a different light. In this case, it's like "So, this is how jasmine could smell?". Something almost edible in the fragrance in both physical and spiritual way. Mugler perfumes always speak about some other world, maybe the future world or maybe some more conscious world. Half-human, half-superhuman.
Top notes:  Sambac JasmineHeart note:  Cashmeran, Solar NoteBase note:  White AmberLots of new words to learn from in this fragrance.  As mentioned by other reviewers, Alien opens with a synthetic explosion of … synthetics: I’m sorry, I can’t identify any notes through the chemicals.  The chemicals don’t last long and are quickly replaced by a sambac Jasmine and cashmeran accord.   A “sambac jasmine” can be either an Arabian Jasmine or a Hawaiian Pikaki or any of a at least ten other varieties of jasmine: Madhan Mogran, Rose, Motiyu, Bela, Mallipoo, Lei pikaki, Tea, Gundi Mullige, Sampaguito, Mysore Mulli, or Mali Chat… I don’t know which particular jasmine is used in Alien, but, in general, the sambac jasmines have a greener element to their aroma. The Cashmeran, on the other hand is easier to describe:  it’s the woody, musky, spicy 1,2,3,5,6,7-hexahydro-1,2,3,3-pentamethyl-4h-inden-4-one…  The combination of the sambac jasmine and cashmeran  accord is unique:  It’s a woody, musky, spicy jasmine… quite attractive, too, IMHO.  The center accord also presents Solar Note, which I Googled but couldn’t find any definitions, so I will assume that it is something that smells like the sun.  Finally we have a drydown of white amber… now I’m familiar with white musk but I had to Google “White Amber” which turned out to be “a soft and subtle woody scent, and works primarily on the subconscious to elevate ones awareness and state of consciousness...” according to Google.  Apparently the scent is presented as having some sort of sub-conscious or mystical agenda, and the marketing includes some kind of wordplay on the word “alien.”  I don’t know about that but I do like the fragrance.  It’s attractive and it truly qualifies as an Oriental, I feel, and it does present the uniqueness for which it seems to be striving so hard.  It smells quite feminine on paper or cloth, but on my skin it can easily pass as a masculine fragrance – in a sort of alien / masculine way, I find it mysteriously enjoyable.
Has anyone noticed that "Alien" is very like "Louve"?  I love them both for their exotic postmodern edginess.  Alien came first and is much less expensive... hmmm - not a hard decision when it comes time to replace sample with bottle. They both have an icy metallic quality which lasts and which I find refreshing when I'm not in the mood for sultry flowers and spices. Alien doesn't mix well with garlic or Gucci Rush, all of which I smell of at time of writing. I must get some art deco jewellery on.  Perfect.
When I first tried Alien, I was terribly put off by the sweetness of the the jasmine top notes.  This was a sampling on paper.  Fast forward several months, bored to death of mostly everything put out there lately, I tried Alien again--on skin this time...I was feeling brave.Trying it on skin is a different feel now. The jasmine isn't so in-your-face now, but don't get me wrong, it's still rather potent.  As it progressed on my skin, it smelled more and more comforting as the jasmine fades.IMO it's a play on the Mugler's Angel theme, in modern historical terms.  That what was thought as spiritual beings from heaven, it is really about visitors from the outer realms of the universe.  These visitors may be quite the angels that were described in ancient times. (And I just might be OD-ing from the History Channel!)Alien, to me, is a solar scent.  Bright, expansive, happy, peaceful, ethereal.  It gets better and better as the scent progresses throughout the day.  It doesn't get heavier, but lighter, cleaner.  The wood and amber in this scent makes the floral sweetness soar as an airy delight of flight.Now that I own the scent, I couldn't help but think I've smelled something in the same vein.  The floral woodiness of Alien was much like another favorite of mine--Versace's The Dreamer.  The Dreamer does it with Lily, Tobacco, Tarragon and Amber.  Alien does it with Jasmine, a Cedar-like note, and Amber.Both seem to have equal potency and longevity.  Careful with applying Dreamer/Alien on warmer and balmy days.  The lily/jasmine expands into a very bold aura around you as I've discovered.
I prefer Alien over Angel any day!! I find Angel nauseating, so you might want to give Alien a try if Angel didn't work for you.  Angel is very harsh while Alien is a warm, semi-sweet, floriental that is sexy and seductive.  There is a mysterious quality to Alien that draws me in every time I wear it.  This is one of my favorites and I reach for it on special occasions.  When I first spray Alien, the notes are a bit strong and somewhat cloying, but within 2-4 minutes it quickly fades into a wonderful floriental that I can't get enough of.  Alien lasts about 3 hours on me and then it wears close to the skin for another 3-4 hours.  The main notes in Alien are jasmine with undertones of deep, warm woods and a little hint of amber.  If I apply too much of Alien, it gives off a synthetic note that slowly fades away with time.  Alien is beautiful when applied in small amounts.  It's also very feminine and sensual. When I think of Alien, I think of a sultry, beautiful woman standing by a wooden garden surrounded by jasmine flowers.  As the wind blows, the scent of jasmine and deep woods linger in the air while she waits for her lover.  The moonlight is glowing on her skin as he slowly approaches.  The lovely scent surrounds her and it entices him.  He is completely drawn to her....he gives her a passionate kiss, lifts her up and carries her away under the moonlight .......IMO, this scent is very romantic... just lovely!
Hmm okay so this is my first review..... well, it's been my signature scent for 2 years now after my Dad got me a bottle for my 20th birthday, it's an amazing scent. I love ones which are very different and striking, and I think this definitely is... it's got the most compliments out of all of my perfumes. Even 'strangers' which I've never had before sking what it is!! To me (without the in-depth stuff cuz I'm no good at that yet!) it smells velvety, dark, sexy, magic, striking, unique, purple.... it does smell like I'd imagine purple to smell like :) I guess it's more of a wintery scent because it's quite heavy (well, to me anyway) but even last summer I used to spray about 10 sprays on me lol and no-one ever complained! hehe. I'd definitely say it attracts attention, and my GF absolutely loves it on me, it also reminds me of when we got together :-)Anyway sorry for the obviously novice-like review here!
This is chic weirdness at its best. While I'm very particular about what I regularly wear, I will smell and even try anything just once, especially if it captures my imagination. Alien does just that. The opening is an almost metallic green sort of smell, but not overpowering. It's enough to peak curiosity. As it develops, it becomes a lovely yet kooky sort of floral, dominated by a jasmine that is by no means indollic or cloying but still very recognizable. I then notice it becoming an envelope of warm, soft ambers and woods, all the while maintaing a glow of that metallic green note. The scent hugs the skin but still has some considerable sillage. This is at once inviting and familiar and yet remarkable. A must try for jasmine fans as well as cashmere-type fragrance fans. I am reminded of Led Zepplin's "Kashmir" (Or is it "Cashmere?") When I smell this. A definate must-buy, weird bottle or not, but be warned: it may not be for everyone.
I must say, the opening notes are scary to say the least.  They jump at you ala Casper the Friendly Ghost's very scary uncles.  If you are not the curious types, it will put you off immediately.  I, however, really wanted to at least give Thierry the benefit of the doubt after my many disastrous encounters with the ever so repulsive Angel.  Back to Alien - after the top notes sprung on me, they quickly faded into the heart notes, which had a warm yet cold aroma to them - I could tell that come the base notes, I will be sold.....and I was.  I cannot think of any word to describe it except "mysterious".  I think this is what an asteroid would smell like right after it hits the middle of the amazon forest - the asteroid would then smell like Alien right after the Amazonian rains pours on top of it.  It smells grapey but not fruity, soft but not feminine.  If tanzanite or aquamarine had an aroma to them, they would smell like Alien.  It is not a safe fragrance and when you smell it, you either hate it but are drawn to it or you love it and are obsessed with it.  It is one of those fragrances that you have to wear and carry off - otherwise, they overtake your life.  If you have no sense of style and are trashy and classless and love men with no tact, then this fragrance is not for you.  I personally love it.
Alien is not Angel.  It is nothing like Angel whatsoever.Alien is a jasmine-heavy floriental.  Alien is potent and leans toward being sweet and synthetic.  It's mostly a sweet jasmine fragrance with a brief green-ish phase and an ambery-musky base.I would compare Alien to Dior Poison in style and potency.I happen to like Alien.  In small doses it's beautiful.
This is one of my favourites in my wardrobe. It's dark and mysterious and sexy, but warm and inviting. It reminds me of the movie The Dark Crystal, probably because of the purple bottle. But the bottle is very descriptive of this perfume - deep purple is a perfect colour I think. Someone else said "green edges", I think that's spot on. I have syneasthesia, so when I smell a scent I see colours and textures. Absolute thumbs up - I would almost go as far as saying it may become my signature scent one day when I'm done "sleeping around".
I tried Alien this week, i have to admitt that i liked very much, well...i hate Angel..so i thought i would never like Alien, but this scent is so unique! it is like a velvety and elegant dark dress, so sensual and magic...i just love it!  
Ever late to the party I have only just now tried Alien - without expectations of anything. I'm still trying to get a fix on Angel and what all the fuss is about....but back to Alien. The first few seconds after the first spritz were chemically alarming - one jumped back from one's own wrist.But then! Warm and subtle jasmine with a slightly greenish metallic something hovering around the edges. Its underpinnings are ambery woods and the overall effect is somewhat "alien" and mysterious. I'm a jas-maniac and tis is going to have to join the harem.
What can be more beautiful than a beauty? A well dressed beauty. Alien is a well dressed jasmine, succeed to be more attractive than a nude jasmine. Good work. Must have for jasmine lovers.
One of the best Jasmine perfumes ever, period. It's a sultry, but not sickly, powdery, but not suffocating, lovely, sexy close-to-the-skin scent. Extremely sensual without being vulgar and very comfortable to wear. Gets lots of compliments too, which is a bonus!
I never quite understand why women who fall madly in love with Angel aren't able to put it in a separate category when testing Alien. Yes, they are both under the Thierry Mugler name, but that doesn't necessarily make them alike. I think that the name gives it away; Alien. it's not Angel Innocent, It's not Angel Garden of stars, it's simply Alien. Thus, when I tried it I had Angel out of my mind. What I've found with Alien (and every other fragrance out there) is that you must put it on for the "Fabulousness" to take effect. I tried the Perfume (applied with a nifty little gold wand) on my wrist, and went about my day. The way it smells is hard to describe. There's definitely jasmine in there, along with amber and a very slight green note. It almost has a "distant" quality, very synthetic-smelling, but very pleasing. I know that a lot of women are put off by it on the blotter, but I really advise applying some of the perfume oil on yourself and then seeing how you like it.
I love it, very sexy, dark and mysterious.  Though unlike most who find it cold I find it very warm and comforting.  But not comforting in an old slippers kinda way. Perhaps "inviting" is a better word.  Perfect to be worn on a cool autumn night out.
Delightfully bizzare yet, at the same time, familiar and exciting, "Alien" is the brisk, pistachio-like scent of an evening out under a dark, starry night sky or cruising with the windows down and "raisin' hell". It's an experience scent, where another fragrance exists within a fragrance--as part of a story, on a character in a specific time and place. This smells like getting away for a night after an event or holiday...and making out under the stars: Fresh, overly minty breath from spray and gum or menthol drops, perhaps a lingering scent of cheery-sweet cigars and coffee...you've worn your best, sultry fragrance and it's radiating off your skin...and the euphoric briskness of night air sneaks through cracked windows. This is a modern scent that couldn't be mistaken for any place or time before the 1990's---except as 90's cultural nod to 1950's pulp comics, t-birds, pinups and mod appeal...and, perhaps, medicinal rubs of the 1800's (the kind that smelled more like herbal perfume than medicine). This is the scent of "bad" before people grow up and understand what "bad" really means. Provocative, surprisingly nostalgic and exciting! I root for "Alien" because it's so dang weird and seems to embrace its playful weirdness. How can I snub my nose at that?

At the moment, I'm seeing this entry for Chanel No. 5 plus entries for No. 5 edp and No. 5 edt. This entry, then, is seemingly for the parfum and the edc. They can smell a lot a like, depending on which versions you get, and I've also smelled an edp of No. 5 that was the same / similar to some parfum and edc versions.

There are interesting versions of No. 5 that vary from the main idea (skanky edc's, really strong, beautiful edt's, and a recent edp that smelled off), but most of the versions I've tried establish the same smell: powdery aldehydes and jasmine plus woods. It's a perfume on the lighter side, but beautiful in its subtlety. 
Chanel No. 5 (1921) is an icon of perfumery, respected by people regardless of whether they like it, for what the perfume is, has done, plus how both the art and industry have been shaped in its wake. Perfumer Ernest Beaux proved his worth to Gabrielle "Coco" Chanel with No. 5, and the scent was many things to those who smelled it: a floral, a chypre, a status symbol, and a groundbreaking work of olfactive art with an unprecedented amount of aldehydes for the time, giving No. 5 its trademark plush opening which itself became a hallmark adapted for many future mainstream Chanel perfumes. There really isn't much more that I can say which hasn't been said by better people than myself, and Chanel No. 5 is a perfume nearly everyone in the Western world has either worn or at least smelled whether they're aware of it or not, but I'll try. Simply put: Chanel No. 5 isn't just an aldehyde floral, but is -the- aldehyde floral, and the perfume most people think about when they think of "that perfume smell", with a cosmetic empire carrying the Chanel double-C logo built upon its shoulders. Women predominantly wear it, but men can wear it (and have), with nearly anyone having the potential to enjoy it regardless of age, which is a difficult feat for any perfume to achieve, let alone one from literally another age. I won't lie, once you get past all the historic social impact hurgusburgus, the actual smell of No. 5 is the furthest thing from new and exciting, because like most things made ubiquitous from popularity, the style it pioneered has been done to death by others. Like Fougère Royale (1882) is to the fougère and Guerlain Shalimar (1925) is to the oriental, Chanel No. 5 to the floral genre a foundation that has been pushed, pulled, tugged, and imitated ad infinitum ad nauseam, but I can imagine how impressive it must have seemed in the early years. 

The huge aldehyde and bergamot push is soothed by lemon and neroli, a billowing opening that becomes a golden halo instantly recognizable when anyone wearing No. 5 walks past. The four core florals of jasmine, rose, iris, and ylang-ylang have been often featured in many perfumes since No. 5 launched, but here they are blended to perfection and unadorned with additional floral or spiced notes like past perfumes, forming the balanced core which is pure sunshine alongside the gushing top. The base is jam-packed with things from aromatic sandalwood and oakmoss, to verdant vetiver and patchouli, warm amber and vanilla, with a deftly light application of musk and civet to mix with intimate animal attraction of one's skin smell. All the resplendent top and heart notes really keep No. 5 from being anything remotely lewd, but it is alluring in the teasing manner in which one bats their eyelashes at a potential suitor. Most people born long after this scent had seen its heyday won't read even one iota of sexual provocation from the dry down of No. 5, thanks to the cultural ingraining caused by everyone's mom and grandmother wearing the stuff, but such is how it goes with long-lived popular perfumes. Overall, the golden floral that is No. 5 just feels like happiness bottled, with the only real competition it faced being the aptly-named Patou Joy (1930). Gender, age, and context are all illusions with this one. If you like it's voluptuous splendor, wear it and be happy. From my personal experience, Chanel No. 5 is admittedly hard to reach for, even as somebody open to perfumes marketed to the opposite sex from mine, simply because all the matriarchs in my family wore into the ground growing up, so I was enveloped in clouds of No. 5 the same way a man is consumed by fogs of Axe/Lynx spray at a gym. 

Even then, I acknowledge a level of comfort and gilded confidence in sniffing No. 5, a grace not found in the bitter 70's green chypres and poise missing from the terrible tuberose bombs of the 80's. Performance is all over the map for a scent with so many available vintages, but pure Parfum is the definite all-day radioactive glow of aldehydes, may rose, and aromatic fullness for which the scent is known. Eau de Parfum is the quietest in my opinion, with a soft-spoken low-sillage introduction to the main accord dialed down for intimate affairs, while the Eau de Toilette is technically weaker in formula, but has sharper citrus for greater sillage coupled with more-evident bite in the base, leaning more-masculine. The long-gone Eau de Cologne was almost "No. 5 for Men", with bergamot, aldehydes, rose, oakmoss, vetiver, and sandalwood stealing the show in the leanest, meanest incarnation ever produced, but also with shortest lifespan. Sampling is super easy because this stuff is everywhere, and of course I recommend trying because in case you've lived in a cave all your life, you need to at least know what all the histrionics and hype are about. I also think enough generations have lived and died that the style of No. 5 is beginning to finally borderline on irrelevant to the tastes of most young adults not versed in perfume history, so while we're at no risk of losing No. 5, recent flanker efforts to introduce "younger" iterations of the legendary accord prove to caution that some level of awarness needs preaching from its long-held fans to ensure future generations understand and appreciate this cornerstone of perfume. That's not to say every woman needs this in their medicine chest the way every guy is indoctrinated by his father to use Skin Bracer (1931), Old Spice (1937) or Pino Silvestri (1955), but No. 5 is an experience very much worth having. Thumbs way up.
Don't go for the lesser versions, or the newer updates (all the various concentrations and new formulations of No. 5). Go for the best: the parfum. The parfum stays with you and adapts through the day. By evening it's out of this world -- not by being overpowering, but in its subtle beauty. It's divine. 
And don't save it for special occasions; wear it as a day fragrance and love it. 
The aldehydes are "crisp".  Faint, but there, notes of citrus and neroli.  Thankfully, the heart notes come quick enough.  For some reason I don't care for the aldehydes in this.  I used to.  I used to love this perfume.  However, I haven't worn this in over 21 years.  I am thinking it must have changed.

I smell the jasmine, rose, ylang ylang, and lily of the valley in the heart.  Later, a peak of iris that adds a powdery-ness.  This redeems No. 5 for me, as I was beginning to feel very disappointed.  The base reveals some amber, patchouli, musk, civet, and vanilla.  Civet isn't too strong here, to my nose.

The eau de parfum version IS much better than the EDT.  I'll finish my decant of the edp.  A full bottle will not be on my radar.  I had loved this at one time - perhaps it was because my father would always give me a bottle for special occasions and I associate No. 5 with those lovely memories.
What a difference an age makes. When I first smelt Chanel No.5, I was in my teens and I  didn't like it at all. In all honesty I thought it was over-rated. Now a few decades later I love it. The ylang ylang and iris, stand out first for me, and  it dries down to a musky mix of sandalwood, a delicate hint of cedarwood and finally wraps up in a warm vanilla. I definitely feel this designed more for the older woman, perhaps because in our youth we tend to marinate in fragrances rather than appreciate the individual subtleties in a lighter spritz.
I've been a wearer of Chanel No 5 for several decades and of all the perfumes I have worn it varies more from one concentration or product or era to another than any other perfume in my experience. Therefore reviews of the scent in general leave me a bit in the dark as to which No 5 is being covered. The two products and concentrations I prefer and am reviewing here are the eau de toilette and parfum, which I find resemble each other most of all available formats, and which, although they have evolved over the years, retain the classic No 5 DNA the most.

I am a big ylang ylang fan and the parfum and edt seem to bring it out more than other versions. I think one also has to enjoy powder and aldehydes to like No. 5. The edp to me is an entirely different scent, in which the rose and jasmine stand out more. I also find it "louder." The edt and parfum do not project as much but seem to hover like an aura around the wearer and puff up from time to time during the day.  The "Chanelade" drydown is evident still, although today's edt is lighter than in the past. 

My mom didn't wear it but it was the signature scent of my best friend in college. During that time I abstained so as not to steal her thunder but once we went our separate ways it was all mine to enjoy! I find it discreet, refined and extremely easy to wear.

Oh--one more distinction: the edt available here is made in France and judging from former testing, is drier, not quite as sweet and powdery as the one made in USA.
That grandmother smell.
This is a positive review. I haven't worn it during ten years of parfume passion. I just smelled the bottle once. I don't know what was pushing me off. The popularity. The myth. The "madame" side of it. 

It won't become a favorite. But I'm here at the airport waiting for my flight and I feel pride and comfort for wearing it. It will follow me for twelve hours and I'm happy I chose it. 
Anyone who has watched home shopping channels for any length of time has heard the phrase "you wear it-- it doesn't wear you."  Now this is supposed to make you feel superior (with your whisper of scent) to those of us who still like to strut it (in the olfactory sense).

"The Five" does now, as it always has, wear me.  And I don't mind a bit.  

In my tiny wardrobe, I don't wear No. 5  or Panthere de Cartier as often as I do the others, but when I crave them, nothing else will do.  

For what it's worth, I have never craved any of the 21st Century flankers-- they remind me of hearing the Blue Danube Waltz-- played on kazoos.  Gimme the real thing, already!

Timeless and extraordinary, say no more...
I feel like I should be writing some sort of complicated review comparing all the concentrations and versions of No. 5, but really, I love the extrait.  That was the first version I tried and the version I ended up buying.

I think it's essentially an example of a perfect perfume.  The topnotes (sparkly lemon champagne and powder), the mid notes (soapy flowers deepened with clove and spices), and the base (super-creamy, rich musks and sandalwood over a full chypre base) are all great.  And the way the different themes interact with each other as the day goes on are always gorgeous and carry an engineered precision that is almost impossibly complex but also achingly beautiful.

Required sniffing.
For about 20 years I occasionally sprayed some of this from a tester, and what I got was somewhere between 'bottom of the fridge' and 'nothing', and I thought of it as actively unpleasant.  What was wrong with me?  It's glorious, but for some reason it never clicked for me until last year, when it sneaked up on me and showed its true beautiful nature.  Now, almost without me realising, it's my second-most-worn, after my great love, Mitsouko.
To paraphrase Cameron Crowe's Almost Famous, I'm about to go where many, many others have gone before, and try to say something insightful about Chanel No. 5.

I hadn't owned a bottle of No. 5 in so long that I was afraid I might not even recognize it, when I found a bottle of the discontinues Elixir Sensuelle on eBay.  I missed that train the first time, so I snatched it up.  To be honest, I was worried that it might be old, or even fake.  But I popped the top off, and there it was--that same, strange, elusive, weird, tickle.  

How to describe it?  Actually, trotting out the old Marilyn Monroe warhorse can be helpful, because Marilyn was a lady of very particular tastes.  She loved the color white to the point of obsession.  She loved Champagne.  She loved going without underclothes.  She did not love the "Happy Birthday, Mr. President" dress, but she knew it was a dress that "only Marilyn Monroe could wear."

Wearing Chanel No. 5 feels like fizzy skin of microscopic fireworks on the sheerest layer of silky golden white.  (Describing the scent is like describing the sound of something that's almost beyond your range of hearing. It's the wearing that counts.). It's like wearing the stuff of Marilyn's Mr. President dress, but you don't have to be sewn into it.  And you can wear it for whomever you want.  It feels like electricity.  It feels like magic.  
This is the perfume that my life partner seduced me with. Chanel flats. Black and gold outfit and all.
Have often sneaked some of hers. I think though, it is better suited to the Feminine.
I wear Bois des Iles and Cuir de Russie often. They are better suited to my skin.
To this day, when I pick this up, on any woman,
it has me stand up to attention.
I'm so pleased that I have waited this long to experience one of the great classics. Chanel's No. 5 is almost indescribable. It brings tears to the eyes. I won't try to explain the ethereal effect, the simultaneous depth and lightness of this great perfume.

What I wanted so to do was to run to my records and see how Coty's classic L'Aimant fared date-wise with the Chanel. They are so similar, but the Chanel has a depth in its base notes that so anchors the elusive whisps of Ylang, Neroli, Jasmine and Rose, so between the two, it does come out the winner.

I found that Coty's L'Aimant (1927) trailed Chanel's No. 5 (1921) by three years.  I am humbled.

I love them both.
I actually got a sample of the super expensive pure Parfum version of this scent, just so I could actually compare it with the EDP formulation I sprayed on my wrists a few days ago. The pure Parfum version of Chanel No. 5 is definitely one of the most perfect and beautiful feminine perfumes that has ever been made, hands down. I didn't really think so until I smelled it in that particular concentration, but yes, in the actual Parfum (Not the EDP) I think this perfume is a masterpiece. Unfortunately it IS prohibitively expensive, but I think it's worth splurging on if you can afford it and have the chance to buy it. I'm not as crazy about the EDP formulation that I tried on at the drug store the other day. It is essentially the same scent, but it doesn't come across the same way. Mostly, with the EDP my main thought is just "soapy, clean scent." Which is nice, there's nothing wrong with it, but I wouldn't pay a lot of money for it. With the pure Parfum formulation my first and immediate thought is: "beautiful, perfect perfume." Definitely worth the price. I probably should have tried the EDT formulation as well before writing this, but wasn't able to yet for comparison. But yes, the Parfum is gorgeous. Five stars, definitely. 
Marilyn Monroe always comes to mind.. I believe that should be enough to say about a timeless classic that is still a mainstream best seller and that has been talked about for just about a 100 years now. The epitome of sensual.
I have several vintage bottles of the perfume. I still put this one on when I want to lounge around in the morning, drink my coffee and read a book. It smells so luscious. When I am ready to get going out the door. I spray some Eau Premiere on the top for some wake up energy. 
Salutation.

To speak of the gorgeousness of No.5 is redundant,It is a goddess.Everyone who knows me well knows that i am not a big fan of CHANEL fragrances but as my reviews are truly then let me say this is supremely sophisticated.one of those fragrances that is absolutely unforgettable just like ANGEL,SHALIMAR and...one rooty perfume that is natural,queenly,fresh and just Fabulous.Sensual yet Laylike at the same time.

Striking and subtle notes of aldehyde and fresh air with weird undertones of precious woods and musk mixed into the perfect blend but the natural floral scent in the heart is more spectacular as it is very feminine and makes you think of a field of white flowers in the morning.it is not at all overpowering yet it stays with you really unique and beautiful and something you can totally imagine the creator smelling like.

The base notes are quite warm and musky on my skin. This timeless classic is excellent for anytime wear.one application to either neck is enough to cosume your entire body when you walk by another person for that person to notice you smelling great.A perfect fragrance for a perfect lady who so attend to class and tradition.


Sillage?Fantastic.

Longevity?Lasts and Lasts.

7.75/10
I do not think it makes sense to speak about the liquid of this perfume! My grandmother used this fragrance, and I suspect that even my mother uses both Laltrove 1002 and Chanel  No. 5. This fragrance is a beginning, a total break with the past. For the first time a perfume was produced by someone who was not a brand of perfumery, for the first time the use of synthetic molecules becomes a point of strength, for the first time the packaging is not a pompous crystal amphora, but a simple bauhaus bottle. This fragrance was a really school for perfumery and also represented the key reference point for all movements of innovation in the field of fragrances. What happened then? Nothing. For nearly a century the whole perfumery has contented itself with one purpose: to sell. There are only two scents that have attempted to regenerate the dusty world of fragrances: Escentric Molecules 01 and Peety by O'driù. The rest is: tabula rasa!
“Fashion is made to become unfashionable.”
Coco Chanel
This reviewer may have conflicts of interest
Beautiful. Have been fascinated with this perfume since I was small, and finally at 40 bought myself a bottle of the EDT. Actually, I bought the EDP first but was nearly knocked over by the strength of it. The EDT is much softer and just gorgeous. As the Chanel website says, you can spray it liberally and it just envelops you in this lovely cloud. Lasts all workday and I've never had a complaint, stays fairly close to my skin but I catch little delicious whiffs of it all day. The bottle is nice and feels luxurious, and the scent is pure luxury itself. I just love it. Soft but interesting, with different notes developing all day long. I never get tired of it. 
This has always been the first fragrance using, besides neroli and ylang-ylang, aldehydes heavily in the top notes and afterwards, and whilst it gives a certain sparkle to it I am not sure whether it is necessarily a sign of quality, but it certainly was a novel and creative idea.  The main wonder of this creation, especially in its original perfume version any years ago, has been the supreme quality of the roses; so delicious, natural and beautifully balanced by the classic jasmine notes.  The sandal in the base used to be of great quality, but over the years it has become a bit less special.

I get very good sillage and projection with a longevity of about nine hours in the perfume.

The original perfume is a classic - 4.5/5. 
This wonderful fragrance deserves its iconic status.  Men love it on women and women love to wear it--for a reason.  The sparkling aldehydes, the floral heart, the musky, vetiver base--it is beautiful through and through.  It must have been mind-blowingly original when it first came out and the way that Chanel has developed the brand--which has become a cult--is amazing.  Comforting yet elegant, totally feminine, it is as the Catherine Deneuve tagline went: "one of the pleasures of being a woman."  And yet.....  Is this the greatest perfume of all time?  Is this the quintessence of the perfumer's art?  Is this truly timeless, or a time capsule?  I wonder.  What I do know, though, is that the world is a better place because of it and women smell great in it and I am happy for Chanel's success in continuing to find new generations of wearers of this classic French scent.
Thumbs way up for a beautiful classic! This is the singular exquisite fragrance for women...floral and sparking with true read fragrance oils and a wonderful base of sandalwood and aldehydes. Feminine and dignified. Lasts for hours (8+). Exquisite!
Vogue's august editor, Diana Vreeland, as with many other of her pronouncements related to fashion, was spot on when she said that Chanel No. 5 really is the greatest fragrance for women.  And although, in the nearly 40 years since she made that statement, there have been other excellent fragrances, it's hard to think of a scent that says "formal" and "ready" like Chanel No. 5.  Others work fine for casual wear, but none I think come close to supplanting this fragrance as a woman's armor for the most important and intensely scrutinized of life's activities, engagements, and occasions.  The fact that most wearers don't see it as an everyday scent only serves to reinforce this.  It is truly a regal fragrance.

My mom gave me this perfume as my wedding gift in 2007 and I'm still halfway through. It is and still is my mom's all time favorite though. Honestly it wasn't my total favorite but the scent is acceptable and I usually wear it for special occasions like dinner parties or weddings due to it high silage and superb long lasting power. It is seriously a very strong perfume, so use sparingly. It lasts all day so only a little is needed. Smells as if there is a billion types of flowers being squeezed in a bottle. Classically powdery but nice and warmth. It surely made me feel classy and in control. Super pricey indeed for me but will buy it again if I ran out. Reserved only for special occasions only.
Mistakenly received this in the place of Allure Sport. I had a good fifteen minutes before noticing the sample's label. Plenty enough time to be hooked. Even though my typical favorites are very powerful masculine scents via 70's, 80's, 90's, I will gladly wear this out the door with no fears.
I couldn't afford it in my youth and always borrowed my mothers. It was my something borrowed on my wedding day. I have always got some in now that I can afford it.
Review for the Vintage EDT.

A truly perfectly balanced floral done in the way only Chanel could do. It is delicate and classy as well as being alluring and sensual, as if giving off a warm glow around the person who wears it, like a soft, golden "aura" following them.

It is subtle, but it compliments your own natural skin beautifully and it a natural way... as if enhancing your presence and making you feel beautiful and confident at the same time. 

Ernest Beaux, the genius that he was, knew women so well, this fragrance seems to work and adapt differently on each persons skin. It has universal appeal... and works well with women of ANY culture, creed or generation. There is a reason why this one is hard to beat, even after 90 years, and why it will still be around 90 years from now.
For mature women only !When I was in my twenties I would have never thought to go to the chanel counter in my shopping center. Because I just thought to myself Chanel no way. In my thirties as well. But now in my forties I decided to give Chanel no.5 a try all I can say is I love it.  The is really for a mature lady who can figure out its not about a old lady scent that most imature people would say but a scent for a big lady lol. A mature woman. Ive been wearing and alot of people ask me what iam wearing I tell them its a sercet.Pros: classic, mysterious, alluringCons: none"
Poster child of Aldehyde perfumesIf you like aldehydes, this is for you.  Despite the one-star negative reviews, this fragrance has been around for nearly 100 years.  It is a classic.  The aldehyde theme is neither cloying nor floral, but sharp and clean.  If you like fruity, floral, or sweet fragrances, stay away.  100 years of satisfied customers can't all be wrong...
Lovely...Classic	Received this as a free sample with a Chanel order.I wish my wife loved this as much as I do. Sexy without being trashy, sophisticated without being stodgy. There's a reason it's been around as long as it has. Timeless.Pros: Sexy and sophisicatedCons: None
I have to admit, I didn't want to love this one.  My mother wears it and has for my entire life and at first spray I can't shake the sensation that any second she's going to catch me in her bathroom and usher me to the babysitter while she and my dad get ready for a night on the town.  I wanted to casually try it and then move on, leaving No. 5 in the care of my mother and countless other ladies.

Yes, at first it is everything that I associate with my mother and perfume.  That extravagant opulence of the 80's, the carefully constructed hair laden with hairspray, the tinge of something unnatural that may be a cigarette or perhaps a drink, the strong invasion of flowers too profuse to fit within a vessel. Then something very interesting happens, after an hour this sculpted Venus began to respond to my own chemistry and emerged as something I had not expected.  No. 5 takes on a fresh and vital chracter on me with perdominant rose, a faint rich cream, and powder, but surprisingly vetiver has become the star.  Wow, it is beautiful!  Suddenly I begin to see how Coco herself, Marilyn Monroe, and my elegant-but-nononsense mother can all wear this sparkling, striking, masterpiece.

If you've never tried this for yourself for fear of smelling too much like someone else, you may want to consider giving No. 5 a test run.  You may be amazed at what she has to say about you!  
OK, this is going to be different.  I'm reviewing this based on how it smells on friends & family.  Some wonderful scents go rancid with my body chemistry or don't match up with my personality and lifestyle, this is one.  But I love smelling it on others who are lucky enough to be able to wear it.

It has a light floral scent to me, and maybe something like powder.  Expensive powder!  Pleasant & soothing, it seems like a year round evening scent.

I wish we had the option to rate with simultaneous thumbs up–thumbs down. Neutral is never appropriate for Chanel No. 5…

Thumbs up:
This is a post-modern work of art. (OK, a very pretentious statement, but let me explain). Whenever I smell Chanel No. 5 a classic symphony orchestra innocently chugs away while a loud distorted guitar screeches relentlessly in the top register. Somehow, the orchestra was brilliantly tuned to the guitar, allowing the dissonance to coalesce with the violins resulting in a haunting Gothic architecture (complete with flying buttresses—haha). This is the stench of bodies rising from the dead. Superb. 

Thumbs down:
Chanel No. 5 is the opposite of inviting; it is telling everyone around the wearer to stay away because we are going to war and expect to die. As a fragrance, it is more like war paint instead of make-up. Maybe that is the whole point, but yuck. Please stay away from me, Chanel No. 5.

This was my fragrance many years ago; given up at a time of great change. I always liked it's heady presence. It is unmistakeable. Anyway, here I am years later feeling nostalgic. I've invited it back into my life, wearing it occasionally when I want to noticed, and remembered. Welcome back my friend.
Timeless, classic and classy. I love the complexity of No. 5. Over the many hours that it lasts with my chemistry it magically morphs from one very recognizable scent to another. I haven't tried another perfume that manages that feat. 

While the scent is amazing, it's really too powdery to really be "me" (I'm more of an amber/citrus/floral girl). That being said I do enjoy wearing No. 5 from time to time. My mother has a bottle and I "borrow" some from her occasionally.
I am a (gay) man and I love #5 so much that I wear it myself as it works well on my skin.  I can also be perfectly layered atop a more masculine woody or leathery scent.

It is the purest jasmine scent I know, and it is so well constructed with all ingredients in perfect harmony that it is like listening to the London Symphonic orchestra or probably more accurately some French opera.

Though preferably used as an evening scent (perfume) this is the olfactory equivalent to a floral burst you get after prolonged rain, when the sun pops open all flower buds and they all ooze their fragrance into the open air on a perfect spring day.

If >>Shalimar<< is the slightly louder more "slutty" one (the 'Samantha' of perfumes), then #5 is definitely the more distinguished, romantic, big dreaming 'Carrie Bradshaw'.

I love this fragrance for it oozes class and luxury with the familiarity of "baby powder". Sheer amazing!
No. 5 is always the smell you have to be patient for. It begins so blunt and rides out so slowly and with unflustered ease, you begin to wonder what's so special about it. I remember smelling it for the first time as a teenage girl and thinking "Dust? Dried roses? Doilies?" Foolish, youthful me. 

Now I it's my black boots, my beige sweater and my nude lipstick of fragrances. It seems to go with everything. 

The powerful jasmine and ylang ylang that sparkle like matte sequins, the inviting sandalwood finish and the hint of rose are all part of the experience. I find the EDP to be long lasting, but not as whisper smooth as the other formulations. I find myself using the Sensual Elixir like parfum when I go out and applying it before bedtime. It should be noted that the Elixir does have a thrust of vanilla not found in the other formulas.

The drydown is intermittently my favorite part, especially as I go to bed. It's powdery, but cool and not heavily spiced or laden with sweetness. It's almost green, but not as green as No. 19. 

Now I wear it almost every other day. It's definitely my "safe" choice as the familiar aldehyde and jasmine scent is not exactly groundbreaking or thought provoking. It's just that aura of simplicity, svelte spirit and the feminine that keeps me anchored and confident. 
I'd never wear it for two reasons.  Firstly, I feel it's still a wee bit old for me.  And secondly, it reminds me of my darling mum.  To have this scent, so evocative of mum, every moment of the day, would just be too much.  She's in my thoughts all the time anyway.  But as it reminds me of her, and she was a very beautiful, way ahead of her time, feisty but gentle, very feminine little star, I have to say it is a stunningly beautiful, elegant scent.  I wish I could wear it, as I think it oozes class.  But even at 44, I still don't feel grown up enough for Chanel No 5.
If there is no Chanel No. 5 in heaven, I am not sure I want to go! This regal fragrance is sophisticated and classy to a fault.  This is THE classic perfume par excellence.  In fact, I would be as bold as to say it is an eternal fragrance.  It is still going strong after 90 years which in itself is no small accomplishment.  I wonder how many fragrances created in the 2000's will still be around in 2090...  My guess is:  not too many.  Ernest Beaux was a real genius.
Just imagine for a moment that a scent was a piece of music, No. 5 would to my mind be The Flower Duet by Delibes, now every woman wearing it is hearing the Flower Duet in their mind and they're entranced, floating along lost to the outside world.
It's lovely but everyone else has to listen to the music too, and just once in a while we'd like to hear something else. 
A great scent but overexposure has dulled it's beauty. 
This is an absolute classic. If I had a love of my life this would be it. I have been picking this out of my mothers dresser since I was 5. 15 years later, it is still my signature fragrance. So warm, so luscious, so sophisticated - a real masterpiece. 
The challenge of Chanel No. 5 is making her your own. 

It can feel weird to try to fill the big mommy shoes of this fragrance but so worth it when you do. Dry and warm and sweet and floral and legendary, basically the whole package. 

This venerable aldehyde-laden floral potion holds her own, even after all this time.

This get three thumbs up from me: for the parfum, the edp, and the edt.



I've read books, and plenty of reviews of this one. I'll start the way these reviews always do, and say this, I can't say anything that hasn't been said.

I adore my vintage versions of this organic liquid. They've taken on a life of their own. I like the androgynous Eau Premiere, the EdT is classic, the extrait is divine, the EdP is a bit heavy (and my least favorite), but I love the masculinity of all of my coveted, hoarded, and much sought after bottles of EdC. I wear the old EdC, and continually baffle people when I respond that it's #5.

There is a #5 for everyone, and, at some point, you'll learn to like at least one of them.
One must give Number 5 a good rating.  Who am I to negatively critique a timeless classic?

However, my 83 year-old grandmother wears this scent, and it is perfectly fitting.  Enough said.
Chanel # 5 is vivid and bright like a light filled canvas by painted by both Van Goph and Matisse.  Even its shadows  shimmer with the intensity of aldehyde spiral glows but its over all impact is the serenely elegant design of timeless florals that transcend florals or anything else fo earth and nature into a glowing radiance. This is perfumery beyond abstraction.  This is perfumery as effanescent radiance.

Every other one of the 139 reviews posted up to today begin with "I remember my mother wore Chanel # 5."   Chanel # 5 transcends reviews, or fashion.  It is the most popular  perfume of all time.  Its appeal is as close to universal as a thing of the real world can be.  It is not favored by country, social class, or even gender.  It is not really a feminine floral composition.  It is not sweet.  There are myriad masculines sweeter than # 5.  I am a man, and if it were not so perfect and seamless, I would wear it myself.  I am thinking I wil layer it with, perhaps Gurrlain Vetiver, or maybe a smokey Kolnisch Juchten in order to tone down its brilliant radiance.

What I require is a master perfumer to design in some flaws, imperfections, a ragged edge or to so that I could wear it without embarassment to my self, and self image.

My mother also wore it for most of her life.  For women it is both an idealization of what few but a woman who projects like Catherine Deneuve can wear without a kind of dishoesty of projection, and mysteriously, at the same time it can be worn by all the imperfect ladies of the world, for casual as well as formal occasions, and these women will be more assured and comfortable in themselves for wearing it.

In its unitary simplicity, and perfection is its mystery.

As a EDT it is at its most bright and sparkling.  As a EDP Chanel # 5 is more relaxed, and opens more slowly and with more depth but with less definition.  The new Eau Premiere is the vaguest incarnation (designed perhaps for the most immature but most "post modern" purchasers in some strange target group).  Of course, the Parfum Extrait should be the most perfect, unrestrained presentation fo the creation, and it is.

Why Chanel has not taken the recipe and stripped it down with a blemish or two for presentation as a masculin is beyond me.  

In any case, Chanel # 5 is beyond arguing, or reviewing, really.  It is in a class alone.  It knows no category.  It has no competitors.  There is really nothing similar.  And nothing to complain about.  That is sell so well year after decade with such consistency riddles all analysis.

Did I mention my mother wore it?  If it did not stand so alone, I would suggest that it is the mother of all modern perfumes.  However like many perfect examples rare in nature, I do not think # 5 passed on its perfection to any heirs.  We are lucky that it appears to be immortal.


I'll re-post my original review for Chanel No.5. And I'll keep on doing it forever. Once again, this is possibly one of the best perfumes ever created but the point within my review is slightly different. I'm trying to focus on the fact that if we all endorse the "best ever" attitude we leave no room for invention, for curiosity, for self expression and we react to other people's opinion just like the world of perfumery reacted when No.5 was originally released. At the time, brands by the likes of Guerlain used to keep the point that using natural ingredients in perfumes, was the only way to guarantee excellance. Then Chanel introduced on the market the first clearly chemical fragrance, declaring they used over 80 aldehydes to create this marvellous composition.

At the time it was absolutely blasphemous from Chanel and the world of perfumery splitted in two parts. On the one side we had those who felt almost offended by No.5, on the other we had people endorsing Chanel's choice realizing that No.5 was a revolutionary landmark in perfumery.

Said that, I'm trying to encourage people to be open minded, and most of all to respect other people's opinion...

Here we go....

Chanel No.5

OK, I know it may sound blasphemous from me (again) but we can't stand this perfume enymore! OK OK OK, it was revolutionary, it was the first floral- aldehydes scent ever created but please, let's go a little bit further now. I've nothing against N.5 that's an ABSOLUTE MASTERPIECE but I'm sick and tired of mid aged ladies wearing this fragrance and thinking this is the only scent available in the whole world.There are no more reasons to exists for Chanel No.5 besides being part of your own collection, but please don't tell me there's anyone still wearing this. Wearing Chanel No.5 in 2011 it's not anymore being elegant and classy...fantasy, please!
Always a favorite of my mother.  She has excellent taste in fragrance.  She wore this on special occasions when I was very young, so it has a great nostalgic air for me.  As an adult, I always found it a bit old ladyish, albeit a very sophisticated, moneyed old lady.  I recently found an old bottle at the Goodwill for 50 cents, which is probably around what it cost in 1921...well, maybe not.  Wearing it now, I find it an acquired taste, which I'm rapidly acquiring.  It's still so strangely modern; yet old fashioned at the same time.  It works a seductive spell and conjures the time in which it was created.  And still has so much to say about today.  How can you beat that? That old bottle I found is vintage and the "cologne" version.  I find it very soft.  Based on some of the reviews here, the greater concentrations seem like they're a totally different animal.  An old she cat in heat it sounds like.  But I like my little bottle of cologne.  There's an old commercial on Youtube of Catherine Deneuve for Chanel No. 5.  She says "cologne" in a French accent that makes it sound like she just invented the word.  I fell in love with her long ago.  Right now,  I'm falling in love with Chanel No. 5
How can I hate Chanel No. 5?  That opening aldehyde blast and bouquet of balsamic flowers to me, is sweet - in a good way, sweet like honey.  This is a perfume whose scent is instantly recognizable for me.  While No. 5 isn't my favorite Chanel fragrance, I still enjoy it and find it pleasant, and it *is* a Chanel, so I really have no complaints.  If I have a sweet tooth, I wouldn't reach for a "gourmand", I'd reach for this.  It's comforting and delectable, but never cloying or unpleasant.
This is the smell of a gorgeous, rich, sexy lady. A masterpiece. No more words.
This is a wonderful fragrance.  It reminds me of crisp winter days - and nights, of Christmas (first had it as a Christmas present), frosty February walks and meals out at Easter.  I like its sweetness but then I really dislike fruity perfumes.  I always want to own and wear this and it's fantastic that previous generations of women have enjoyed it too.  I don't think this has to make it an old lady's perfume or that anyone should use the term old lady in a negative way.  We are all maturing and mature is still feminine just as this fragrance is. Chanel No 5 is quite simply a beautiful classic fragrance to be enjoyed by anyone.
I love the Edp....Its stronger and richer than the Edt. But I have to admit, I acquired a taste for this (or smell, if you will) and also, since I purchased this on Ebay, I am not sure how old it is. I have a new bottle that was purchased and they both have a similar smell so I would say its fresh and vintage. One thing I have learned, if you buy a vintage perfume, you should buy a perfume that is either in dark container or a perfume that has been stored in its own box. They keep well that way and won't smell like alchohol. Anyway back to No 5. I feel this is a safe fragrance. I have some that would probably offend some one who can't stand fragrance at work. Cathedral, by Bpal is one. I absolutely adore this incensey perfume oil, but I could see someone &%$@#ing about it at work. Don't you hate that?? So go lightly. Also I seen the movie "Coco before Chanel" which is all in French and you have to read it, but it is really good. I came to appreciate Chanel and all her earlier fragrances after seeing this movie. She was a conservative in the way she liked to dress. Sometimes at work I liked to dress somewhat "manly" I call it. Dress pants, vest, tie, jacket and victorian boots witha low heel. Oh and a watch and fob. With Chanel no 5 to complete the look. Yeah. 
So well blended that it's nearly impossibly to pick apart notes. This here is the epitome of a woman's perfume, this is what perfume is, plain and simple.
I've had this bottle since late 80's and never really liked the scent on me but tried it again a few days ago and wow I think I'm in love.  I never remembered the smell to be so soft and elegant just beautiful.  I'm thinking it's time to re-visit some of my other oldies maybe they'll take my breath away too.
Marylin Monroe once said,"just a few drops of Chanel No.5 Perfume." In my eyes, Chanel is really charming and anazing.
My skin chemistry, always unpredictable and capricious, has changed so much that I've learned to be very cautious about re-discovering scents I haven't worn since 1967.So I was delighted to find that Beauty Encounter would, for $25, send me a little 5-pack, with parfum, EDP, EDT, and a couple of the variants.It was with great hope but also trepidation that I dabbed on a few drops of the EDP. Would it smell awful on me now? Or smell great and disappear in 20 minutes? Fresh from similar disappointments at other Fragrance Reunions, I held my breath for a second,  then realized that holding one's breath is probably not the best strategy for assessing the reaction of a perfume to how kind or cruel the years have been to that complex, ever-evolving  biochemical Party In My Epidermis.I inhaled. "You haven't changed a bit!" gushed No 5. What a relief! I was able to return the compliment sincerely.The evening was warm, and I just sat and let it continue to look at me for a while. It walked around in a circle, looking thoughtful, a finger on one cheek."Actually," it purred, "You are even more fabulous than ever!"I sniffed. This was true! The aldehydes that some of the young folks perecive as being "old lady," or "chemical," had rushed in, exclaimed a hurried greeting, and dashed off to confuse the neighbor's plump Fluff-Cat, enjoying its nightly role in the tangled pile of catmint we let spread out between a couple of spindly "show roses" specifically for its amusement.Almost immediately, something citrusy - neroli, maybe? - emitted a brief fanfare then stepped aside, and to my surprise, ylang-ylang glided in, one delicate hand draped across the arm of a handsome sandalwood escort."Yes," they nodded to me, then to each other, and then to the air, "we're going steady!"After they had waltzed around for about an hour, sandalwood stepped away to get ylang-ylang some punch, and she leaned over, and whispered to me from behind her fluttering fan, "it's serious."Sure enough, sandalwood returned with the punch, and playfully tossed a cupful into my face. "The same jasmine as always," sandalwood called over his shoulder, as he danced away with ylang-ylang.As they came back around, flushed and laughing, ylang-ylang fluttered her fan again. "You know he spiked it," she confided. "Yeah, with that baby vetiver," I retorted, drawing in a long slow breath, to catch a here-now-gone-now whiff of it. "But you love it anyway," sandalwood winked, and he and his new girlfriend settled down beside me, in a rustle of taffeta, to enjoy the rest of the evening, now and then refilling our punch cups and flicking droplets out into the night, to the delight of the aldehyde-addled Fluff-Cat, who was as enchanted as we all were by the gentle fireflies of something mysterious from a summer garden that twinkled like stars around us.
Weeks ago I smelled an extremely expensive parfum (amuage dia) and it reminded me so much of n. 5 chanel. Then I went again to smell what was remaining of my bottle of n. 5 and I realized how good, feminine, clear and deep at the same time this classic is ... And in the past I dismissed it because too many women used it! how wrong I was!
It has taken me many tries to appreciate the complexity of this classic scent. Given it as a gift when I reached 40, no other perfume says sophisticated aldehyde like this one. It's the aromatic of classy grandmothers, those former flappers shopping at stately hotel boutiques, and in the basements of expensive department stores.  It's never out of fashion with die hards. It is very difficult to get past the "old lady" first impression of baby powder, alcohol, tuber rose for the first few uses. It feels like a maturity branding, with a hint of golf mornings and mothballed closets. Then, a blast of more youthful peach and orange as it dries down on skin, and then it's like a window opens and night jasmine breezes in for a sweet yet intoxicating finish that forces a return again and again, as if hypnotized, in a determination to reinvent this scent for yourself.  The secret to this classic's success is that while you may be on the fence about it for yourself, kicking and screaming into middle age, it has its desired effect on your partner. For me, it took a dozen wearings to know what it was about. It's about creating a specific mood, and as such I use it sparingly. 
What can I say?! N°5 is, and will always be, THE classic.I own the 80s Eau de Parfum, which fits my bombasticpersonality best ... God Bless the House of Chanel!
 "Every man alive loves Chanel 5!"
Why N5 is still a great perfume after all these years??? Cuz is feminine and soft like a Sunset heaven Talc Powder..Firth of all the Neroli, Ylang Ylang and the lemon make a beautiful combination.. And then the Lily of valley, the rose and jasmine.. is just perfect.. some of the most beautiful flowers..And then the Sandalow, patchulie and vertiver puts a lot of personality to close this fragance, these three elements are strong but combined with all that beautiful flowers make a perfect balance...Chanel N5 smeel like old lady??? I pray to god that my grandmother could smells as well as N°5!!! 
My body chemistry has changed a lot. This used to smell shrill and sour to me, but I tried it a few weeks ago, and my head almost exploded trying to comprehend its beauty. Fresh, effervescent, a sun-bleached clean. I'm still getting over how good this stuff is. I get the "classic" thing now, oh yes. I see a few reviews complaining that the fragrance is such an institution that it wears them, and I can see that point of view. But Chanel 5, baby, you can wear me anytime.
This is a review for chanel no 5 pure parfum:Absolutely gorgeous fragrance. the first fragrance that actually works on my skin. I tried dozens of perfume and nothing ever works well until i tried no 5 pure parfum. I was skeptical of course because i tried the EDT and EDP version and they didn't work. EDT was awful on me and EDP smelled like toilet cleaner in the beginning although it softens later on. But I heard a review about the pure parfum and i thought i'll give it a go. I had to actually asked the sales person to let me try on the parfum because they don't have them on display. It smelled lovely from beginning till the dry down. My fiance loves it too. He loves to smell me when i wear it. It's a very wearable fragrance.I could actually smell the jasmine in the pure parfum (i can't smell them on EDT or EDP). After few hours, the parfum turns so soft and very lovely. The key is to dab them on the pulse points though. We don't want to smother other people with too much smell.I recently ordered the vintage version (old formula) of no 5 and can't wait to find out the difference!!!
The EDT- sparkling aldehydes. lighter ,airy but so beautiful .I don't know why but an image of beautiful cut crystal with sunlight refracting through it, comes to my mind whenever I test and and sniff the EDT . It is joyous and uplifting ,smells glamorous .The EDP - obviously denser, created by Jacques Polge in the 1980s. This version of No.5 has its merits- it still retains the gloriously feminine bewitching No.5 aroma but it has more ylang ylang in it ,on my skin . Although the EDP starts strong it is actually subtle and soft and lasts a good few hours.The Parfum extrait- all the concentrations of No.5 are different animals from each other. The extrait is an animal apart ! It's simply perfection .Just beautifully done classic french perfume. Real perfume.A light fresh start and then I get the most glorious Grasse jasmine which I just have to inhale before its gone . It's extremely well done,well blended perfume- I can only pick out the lovely jasmine in it.  It's warm ,subtle,melds with your skin , deep ,a delicious floral aroma, a little animalistic too .It's not terribly tenacious on me but then again, not much is. It lasts a few hours .Truly wonderful stuff.Honestly , if I can always afford it, I will only ever buy the extrait again, otherwise the EDT will do fine too. There is nothing wrong with the EDP but it's too 80s in style maybe ?? Eau Premiere- I am one of those people who really did not see the need for 'yet another' No.5 version. It's good jus but frankly No.5 was doing pretty well on its own .I don't dislike the jus but I would much rather have the extrait or EDT.I do not know whether the extrait has been reformulated- I know Chanel said something about No.5 not needing reformulation because it already met standards. At this point, it's probably irrelevant. The new extrait I have smells wonderful. I can sincerely enjoy it as No.5 . I know most people know the aroma of No.5 .If you ask the person on the street to think of one perfume- it would probably be No.5 - it is such an institution but I think they have mostly smelt the EDT and EDP on people and in stores. The extrait really is somewhat different. Definitely sample the extrait before you dismiss this perfume as 'old lady' ,'cat's pee' or whatever else, stereotypical, that comes to mind. There is a good reason why this perfume is known as 'le monster' and has endured through so many decades.
This is one definitely deserves a spot in the 'wonders of the world' line up.A heavenly classic...a  perfumery legend. 
I'm 20 and this is my go-to day time scent. Why? Because, on me, the EDT disappears after 10 minutes hovering very close to my skin. I have to literally have my nose against my wrist to smell it. Only when I sweat do I start smelling really good. Gross? yes. But then, who doesn't want to smell like jasmine and sandalwood and vanilla after they run up 5 flights of stairs? 
We cannot have a discussion of No, 5 without memories!  This was the perfume my mother loved, my aunt hated and I have now come to love.  It is so distinct, the essence of elegance and feminity which transcends the generations.  I have a small bottle of pure parfum which has lasted several years.  It is not my signature scent; alas, Chanel is so distinct it puts its signature on the wearer rather than the reverse.  

A rather antiquated opening of aldehydes and neroli which doesn't quite score with my nose. While the progression is expectedly complex, NO.5 grows so powdery that I get the impression of being in a cloud of talcum powder. Still I must say this is a sophisticated fragrance which should be experienced from afar because up close, the wrinkles start to show, revealing No.5's true age. But when the drydown appears I find myself eating my own words and appreciating why screen siren Marilyn Monroe wore No.5 exclusively to bed... *** This review is of the parfum, circa 2009 ***
I am currently wearing the EDT on one wrist and the EDP on the other. They smell like completely different fragrances on me!EDT: aldehydes and peach sparkle. It takes much longer to get to the drydown than the EDP, seeming like the summer version. I never smell just the heart of the flowers in the EDT-it has quite a zing all the way down. Reminds me of how Le Dix is so aldehyde-y (but with violets). I wore this in high school but I don't remember the peach. The never ending reformulation speculation continues...EDP: My current #5 preference.  This is how rose and jasmine are DONE. The top is much less intense, and is dries down quickly to a lush, slightly sweet, soft floral, with powdery woods.  This is what I imagine fields in Grasse to smell like through an open window in a quaint cottage.  I do not find it "too classy", "old fashioned", "too dressed up", etc.  I could wear this anytime, anywhere and feel lovely.  This scent is ALIVE!  With all of the "new-modern" roses comming out (YSL, D&G) I am hoping that #5 gets revisited.
I am currently wearing the EDT on one wrist and the EDP on the other. They smell like completely different fragrances on me!EDT: aldehydes and peach sparkle. It takes much longer to get to the drydown than the EDP, seeming like the summer version. I never smell just the heart of the flowers in the EDT-it has quite a zing all the way down. Reminds me of how Le Dix is so aldehyde-y (but with violets). I wore this in high school but I don't remember the peach. The never ending reformulation speculation continues...EDP: My current #5 preference.  This is how rose and jasmine are DONE. The top is much less intense, and is dries down quickly to a lush, slightly sweet, soft floral, with powdery woods.  This is what I imagine fields in Grasse to smell like through an open window in a quaint cottage.  I do not find it "too classy", "old fashioned", "too dressed up", etc.  I could wear this anytime, anywhere and feel lovely.  This scent is ALIVE!  With all of the "new-modern" roses comming out (YSL, D&G) I am hoping that #5 gets revisited.
This is for the EDT formulation, circa 2009:At first spritz I get fantastic aldehydes infused seamlessly with neroli and bergamot. A peach note is there as well. The peach is peachy-fruit, not peachy-sweet/predictable. This is infused with a pleasurable iris note. Beautiful rich Grasse jasmine comes to the fore and lingers and permeates into the woods below.Much later in the dry down I get a friendly and beautifully warm creaminess of sandalwood, vetiver, amber, oak moss, patchouli and nicely done vanilla. There are other things as well but I cannot quite tease them out. I can still detect that beautiful Grasse jasmine. I am really enjoying the character of the base, with the longevity enduring well into the next day. This abstract scent is thoroughly enchanting and never tires.If you are a fan of the Parfum formulation but until now, never understood how the two could smell of such different eras (Parfum 1920s, EDT 1950s/1960s), I strongly recommend a revisit. It’s clear that the EDT has been faithfully restored to the spirit of the original Parfum. I now consider this a long-term keeper.This is for the Parfum formulation:Sharper, richer aldehydes and neroli are immediate and engaging. The heady neroli and aldehyes are infused with a bergamot note. Rich Grasse jasmine begins to gain your attention and increases in richness. The neroli and aldehydes are seeping seamlessly through the jasmine and rose below it. The neroli and iris are still linking throughout.In the dry down I get a similar experience to the current formulation of No 5 EDT (see above) but more tightly structured and richer. There is also a hint of the rich neroli experienced earlier. One difference though is that the longevity of the Parfum formulation on me is fleeting and am left wondering where this enchanting scent has gone. I am grateful that this masterpiece has endured time and fad to be enjoyed today as it was intended.
I adored this smell.  My nose isn't very developed yet, so all I can say is that I smell the card with its scent repeatedly. I keep it in my desk at work.  Unfortunately, I could hardly smell it on myself, which makes me so sad. Not worth spending the money if I can't smell it!  Eau Premiere was more noticeable on me, so that's where my money will go.
this is a masterpiece... And unforgettable, elegance, classic, sexy fragrance.. if you appreciate good fragrances, so you will like this... a must have, specially for night outs...
While No. 5 is not my favorite fragrance, or even my favorite Chanel, I admire the way the slightly fruity aldehydes blends with the florals to float over the powder notes, themselves over soft woods, and possibly a buried hint of leather or warm skin. And while it does not project loudly nor build quickly, the perfume does embrace quite a bit of space over time. Perhaps another hallmark of just how well No. 5 was executed? This is good stuff. As dated as Chanel No. 5 may seem to some, I think it (the perfume at least) truly is suitable for women of nearly any age. Some men may find it easier to wear than some of the more omnisex Guerlains.  
This review is going to deal with the Parfum No. 5. I have sampled all the concentration so far - EdT, EdP and Eau Premiere, but I think the true, original formula deserves to be reviewed first.First of all, I am very delighted to possess the parfum. It smells history (whatever this means). I do not intend to write anything ground-breaking about No. 5 since in its nearly 90 years of being everything has been said. I would just like to sum up impressions on it, sort of verification. The parfum opens in a fresh, eau-de-cologne manner but definately thicker!, and I find it very delicious. It is lemony and clean, and since I recently smelled pure oil of ylang-ylang, I can say that there is ylang-ylang too. Not much later the jasmine-rose mix emerges. It is simply fantastic and gets dirtier with time. That is because of the jasmine. I do not know how a Mai rose (the sort used in No. 5) smells, it is said to be lighter than a Bulgarian rose. Going further towards the drydown the parfum gets more filthy. I find this stage at times stunning, at other times I am not very comfortable about it. But this can be the skin chemistry. The only disadvantage for me seems the sillage. After about 3 hours I am not sure whether there is still something of No. 5 on me. Now I would like to say something about the colourful imageries about fragrances, in particular about No. 5. People say it smells of minks, pearls and so on... Well, this is a very personal interpretation, and do not expect, you will be covered with a mink coat after dabbing No. 5. Therefore I support a "neutral" kind of describing a scent. Comparisons with mink are truly amusing, but it does not contribute to your own perception! After all, the juice within the bottle is what counts. And since not many of us have had the opportunity to smell an absolute of Mai rose or real Sandalwood, I find it even more difficult to rely on a particular review. What I can highly appreciate about No. 5 is that it seems to perfectly match the idea of Mlle Chanel - No. 5 is a clean (meaning not cloying) parfum spreading the smell of no particular flower - this blurred smell is due to the aldehydes. The second advantage is the highly acclaimed quality of the ingredients in No. 5. I blindly take it for granted (at this stage) and feel happy about it. Last words - 5 stars for No. 5!
I am a big aldehyde lover, and am always very sad that I just can't make No 5 work for me - something in the drydown sours on my skin, particularly in the edt, which I prefer over the edp. The opening of the edt is glorious, and shows why No 5 is such a timeless and iconic classic.  The edt and edp are different fragrances, though still with the characteristic No 5 scent. The edp tends to smell a bit more synthetic than the edt.  I am able to wear the lotion and cream though, which keeps a sublte No 5 aroma without causing the problems in the drydown. Sometimes I layer the No 5 lotion with No 5 eau Premier, which works nicely.  I highly recommend testing to find out which version works best. For me, thankfully, I can at least  wear the eau Premier version which is great in its own right. Unlike others I am not turned off by the fantastic aldehyde opening, but just something in the drydown.
If you don't understand the alure of No. 5, try it more than one time. Spray it far away and walk through. (Fresh, just took a shower) Spray right on the wrist and let it dry. (Sweeter, rich ) Dab on the wrist and rub around a bit. (Clean and green) It can be different every way. It took me 4 wearings to understand. Now I love it. EDT.
Chanel No. 5 is beautiful, classy, feminine, and sophisticated. It's one of the few fragrances that never feels vulgar. It's never overpowering, out of place, or distracting. On the other hand, you have its age and its popularity with all ages of women. Most men have an aunt, a mother, a grandmother who smelled like this in their youth. No matter how great this perfume smells on you, if you remind him of his mother, the relationship is a no-go. Fortunately my husband didn't have any relatives who wore No. 5 and it's one of his favorites. He can't keep his hands off me when I wear this. I suppose that's the point, but it probably wouldn't be my first choice. It's a little too safe. As I said before, there's nothing wrong with No. 5, but it doesn't excite me. The scent brings to mind a proper socialite wearing the classic Chanel suit with her heirloom pearls. Very classic. Very safe. It's up to you to decide if that's a good thing.
My lover was sweet and gorgeous but I was young and foolish and I decided I wanted something more.  I abandoned my lover and started on a series of short affairs: Ma Griffe,   Je Reviens, L’Air du Temps, and a couple of longer-lasting affairs: Ysatis before (I swear) they changed it, and Rive Gauche, for whom I still have very warm feelings.But lately I again wanted something new, exciting, different.  I embarked on a search but modern lovers are shallow, fickle, changeable,  cheap.  So I returned to my first love.  And as soon as I sprayed it on I relaxed. I had come home.  I was loved.  I was myself. I’m sorry, I’m sorry.   I’ll never leave you again, dear, darling, No 5.
I got this sample just because it IS such a legendary fragrance, I felt I was obligated to know what it smelled like, especially since aldehydes can't really be compared to anything I would have smelled. First sniff: I'm instantly 4 years old standing in my grandma's bedroom smelling her very slim perfume collection.  I'm smelling something so unfamiliar that my yet-developing senses have firmly established the bond; THIS is what perfume smells like.  Strong, elegant, complex, everything I admired about my very ladylike and exceedingly lovely grandmother.  And the "soap" smell that everyone mentions underscores the whole concept.  This scent is clean, not in a light gentle way, but in a scrubbed-as-only-your-grandmother-would-wash-you kinda way.  The kind of overprotective sanitizing that will remove any and all contaminants with very strong soap, leaving you as respectable as your grandmother can make a very messy 4 year old.  And then she'll beam at your radiant cleanliness and hug you tight, and you realize you smell just like her, in all her glory.
A perfect example of sleek, coherent  Art Deco aesthetics in every way. So seemless, polished and smooth that it feels altogether from another world. You really can't add or subtract anything from this. Hype doesn't survive this long.
After many wearings it finally happened. I bought a mini of the parfum and the angels trumpeted from the heavens! Okay, a bit of an overstatement, but like a number of others have pointed out, the concentrations are different and the parfum is the charm for me. It's not the aldehydes that made me shy away from other concentrations. I adore them in so many other perfumes, particularly in Chanels. The parfum simply has a richness that smooths everything out. The aldehydes are a bit muted, the floral heart notes seem to blend more thoroughly and the ambery, slightly animalic base is perfectly warm and sensual. 
As this is such an iconic fragrance I tried it in my twenties, but it didn't appeal to me.  Then in my mid-twenties, a friend gave me an EdT splash, a large bottle, and although I wore it and tried to like it, the fragrance and my olfactory senses were not compatible so I gave it to my mother.Before my husband and I were married, he came out to join me on holiday in Lindos, Rhodes and in the airport duty free shop debated which fragrance to buy me.  He was advised to buy Chanel No. 5 as "it's a classic".  He didn't think it was quite me and always felt that way until today.  I was recently given a sample of No.5 eau Premiere and I liked it, but it made me want to try the original.  So this afternoon I tried No.5 EdP on my left wrist and No.5 eau Premiere on my right then I did the Pepsi test on my husband.  Initially he preferred the Eau Premiere, but as time wore on and we had walked outside of the mall I asked him to try them again and he & I both preferred the orginal Chanel No.5.There's nothing more I can add to what's already been written about Chanel No.5, it is indeed something I could wear continuously, it's a fragrance that can be worn whatever the weather / season / occasion. On my skin it eventually turns warm and spicy,but as I sniff closer to my wrist there's a hint of green that creeps to the front and grows stronger as I inhale - this is the same scent that is more prevalent in the Eau Premiere.Anyway, on my 36th birthday I finally fell in love with Chanel No.5, long may it last! 
Hell has frozen over. I never thought I'd say this, but I love Chanel No. 5. Between reading books on the history of fragrance and reading reviews on Basenotes I am learning a lot and that has been instrumental in opening my mind (and my nose ) up to things. I was always puzzled by the populatity of Chanel No. 5, but I didn't want to give up on it. Periodically I would go to my perfume stash over the years and spritz on some Ch5 from the refillable EDT atomizer my mother had given me years ago, and each and every time, the opening blast of aldehydes would repell me and I would run to scrub it off. Then about a month ago I deceided I was going to get to the bottom of this Ch5 thing once and for all by trying various strengths and vintages of the scent. I already had the EDT (from the early 1990's), then discovered I had an EDP (new) strength among my many perfume samples. All I needed now was a vintage pure parfum. I managed to get my hands on a half of a half oz. vintage bottle (from the 50's judging from the stopper' shape). From what I read, it was Chanel's intent to have a perfume that did not smell like any particular flower or any other immediately recognizable thing. She desired something that was more of an abstract scent, free of perconceived associations, something that was it's own thing. As a painter I immediately understood that and proceeded to test all 3 versions of the scent with that in mind. I started with the EDT which I had had the longest. This time I waited patiently for the strongly aldehydic phase to wear away and was surprised to discover subtle leathery and animalic notes (does anyone else get that leather note?), that I absolutely love, in the drydown. Wow!. Next I tried the newer EDP. Interestingly, I detected a slight "fruity" note leaving me to wonder if this newest version had been slightly reformulated to satisfy the trend for scents with fruit notes. Last, I tried the pure parfum. That's the one that did it fro me. I don't know if time has mellowed the blast of aldehydes, or what, I just know that this version is beautiful from start to finish. The notes are blended so well that I can't single anything out. It is just it's own beautiful thing that changes and surprises me the whole time I'm wearing it. I love layering the EDT with the pure parfum. Not surprising, the new EDP is my least favorite of the three. I understand now why Marilyn Monroe would wear Ch5 to bed: when you smell your wrist in the morning, there are no words to describe how pretty that last faint trace of this scent is. There is nothing "old lady" about this as far as I'm concerned. In fact, I have no idea of what certain reviewers mean when they describe something as smelling of "old lady" and even though I'm not an old lady, I still find it limited and insulting. Do they mean smelling of a "classic scent"? Because that's the way I take it. I know that when some one says this about a scent, they mean it as a negative. However, I take it as a positive, and a cue that the scent they are describing is probably as far from a cheap, trendy, Paris Hilton or Britney Spears tooty-fruity gourmand as you can get.I can now see why Ch5 has been around for almost 90 years and will probably be around for 90 more. Thanks Basenoters for helping me to discover this gem!
Just a few drops of Chanel No.5...It is all you need.  
I could not resist getting this classic. I purchased a mini of the parfum after watching the Chanel bio-pic that was on a few months ago. I've always been drawn to Chanel's philsophy "simplicity is elegance". No. 5 does just that. A simple and elegant baby powder floral.  I actually wore this on my skin, dry men's skin, and it smells wonderful. Some would say "old lady" just because now the elderly wear it because they wore it when they were teenagers! Teenagers now can wear it but I suppose they are too used to dousing themselves in perfume to understand only a dab of No. 5 is all you need. If you smell it directly from the bottle or from the atomizer on a sprayer, you do not get anything as remarkable as you would on skin.Beautiful and timeless.
My mom and my dad's cousin used to wear this incessantly as I was growing up.  I hated it and thought it smelled totally over-the-hill.  In my early twenties, I launched a full scale offensive that ultimately got my mother into more "up-to-date" perfumes.  I'm now on the wrong side of thirty-five and recently smelled No. 5 again.  I found myself saying, "Y'know, this isn't half bad..."    I'm officially old.
No.5 EDT and No.5 Eau Premiere Comparison (see No.5 Eau Premiere for an extended review which includes more about EP)Left arm: Chanel No.5 Eau PremiereRight arm: Chanel No.5 EDTI own No.5, and received a healthy sized sample of Eau Premiere from the SA at Macy's. My No.5 is relatively new, so I am sure it is the latest formulation.Upon initial application, the main distinction seems to be a vast difference in the amount of aldehydes. The Eau Premiere does have a bit of waxyness (which I am sure is also from aldehydes), but it is not the extreme level that No.5 has. Also, since the aldehydic blast is less severe in EP, some fruit and floral notes are a bit more apparent.About 10 minutes in...the aldehydes have mostly burned off in the No.5 and are now down to a more approachable level, and ironically is less waxy than EP. The peach and white floral are coming through, along with a hint of spicyness. I cannot detect any peach in the EP. Right now it smells like a rather straight white floral with a hint of spice, and the waxy aldehyde still present. It definitely smells more "clean and modern", but so far is not as interesting as No.5. I am wondering if this really is just a No.5 without the aldehydes--any real differences are incredibly subtle.About 30 minutes in...the No.5 has settled into its typical peach, floral, spicy skin scent (beautiful, as always). The EP still is a bit waxy, but the spicyness is coming through more. I still do not smell any peach, but rather a rubbery synthetic note (latex-like), and some light powder.It will be interesting to see how these two wear on through the day. I can see that I might want a FB of the Eau Premiere, especially if it has decent longevity. It is definitely very "wearable". I am just not sure it has the same classic beauty of the original No.5. And owning a bottle of No.5 means I may have less of a sense of urgency about owning the EP.
There is a reason this is a classic. It's not inaccessible in any way. It's lovely & light yet rich & classy. Men adore it. Women want to be your friend when you wear it. & it only gets better as time goes on. It's perfect for work....& it's Chanel!Don't make the beginners mistake of smelling this out of the bottle or even on paper. It won't give you a migraine; just spray it right on your arm.

Not overly fruity.  Lively pink pepper, floral-like smell.  A wintry vibe.  A pretty, gentle layer of patchouli and frankincense.  A touch of foody spice.  Light wood.  Overall this would make a great holiday, candle scent.  No one note really shines, for me.  Smells rather "mainstream" but I enjoy it for some reason.  Not extraordinary enough to warrant such a high price.
Excellent uniting of a myriad of thoughtfully selected fragrance notes! 

Jo Malone's Pomegranate Noir includes:
Top = raspberry, pomegranate, plum, rhuburb, watermelon;  
Heart = lily-of-the-valley, jasmine, rose, pink pepper, clove, olibanum resin (frankincense), opoponax resin (sweet brown myrrh), guaiac wood;
Base = virginia cedar, patchouli, musk, amber.

The meshing of exotic edible and non-edible fragrant notes  yield a scent full of woody, fruity, resinous and spicy accords. It's rich, pungent, powdery, dark, and has a "mature" quality to it which younger wearers may not connect easily with.

Both men and women can enjoy this deep fragrance especially during cooler weather and for informal occasions. Longevity is great, and sillage is nice!

Enthusiastic thumbs up for this masterpiece! 
CdG Fructose
Tom Ford Black Pepper Berry
Terre d'Her Fruitchouli
Best Perfume Ever. Period. Usually don't care for woodsy notes and especially mixed with fruit but this one is great and lasts for several hours. Wear it almost every day.
My introduction to Pomegranate Noir came through a charming man arriving for a pre-theatre get together wearing it and within minutes being surrounded by the assembled company telling him how nice he smelled. The charming man, being a charming man, was somewhat embarrassed by this reaction and got all self-conscious. 
So, compliment hunters, this may be one to try – it projects well and has an oozy, spicy-woody warmth with plenty of the sweets.
Wearing it myself, I find myself transported back to that evening, but that is of no help to you dear reader. So let’s describe a little of what happens when you depress that sprayer. A quick burst of juicy fruity notes – sour-sweet pomegranate and luscious perfumery plums – marks the top, perhaps enough to justify the name, but they recede to the fringes in no time to make way for the deep accord that is the main event. Whatever combination of woody aromachemicals were used in this one, they sure got it right – that woody base is sweet but chewy, with gourmand enticements to tempt you into biting the wearer. Spices like clove and cinnamon (initially heavy but then settling in the mix), hints of smoky incense and dark patchouli round things out. It smells instantly familiar but you will be hard pressed to find another perfume resembling it. Has a delicious mouldiness lurking in the depths which flatters that woody base no end. Sensual without coming across all glandular. 
There’s an instant gratification aspect to Pomegranate Noir that can cross the line into the unsubtle – and it can tire over the long run. But wear it with discretion and walk on that heavenly perfumed cloud.     


Complex, sweet, addictive...

This is such a deep and complex one. It's polarising too, as not everyone will like this I think. I personally received a bad compliment from it, but I don't really care, I like it too much!

The overwhelming notes here are cloves and fruits, mainly plum and pomegranate. I would describe this as a "dry" fragrance. It's not juicy fruit you are dealing with but dried berries. Like the smell of goji berries, if you have ever tried them. The smell reminds me of that.

So I get berries and dark fruits, mixed with incense and clove smoke. Like the smell of menthol or clove cigarettes actually. It is very mysterious. I like it.

I wouldn't recommend wearing it in any high heat, as it's very medicinal in some aspects and can come across as a little harsh and/or "weird". But again, I believe that every fragrance has a time and a place so... I will continue to wear it.

To me this is a love or hate. I love it, but try before you buy. This has a very "unique" smell so if you are looking for a smell which no one else will have, go for this. I would also say that pomegranate is a note I rarely see used in perfumery, and for <i>Jo Malone</i> to pair it up with cloves and incense offers a delicious, interesting twist on it all. I really like it, and the longevity is so good, at least six or seven hours. For an eau de cologne concentration (supposedly) this is quite a feat. Try it if you are looking for something different.

Talk about SMOKEY, SEDUCTIVE, AND EASILY WORN. (THE BATH OIL... WOW!)

No need for resin, or tobacco to spice up your fall fragrances. Pomegranate Noir won it over for me once I tried it on my skin accompanied with that fantastic body cream. The spice really tapers around the fruity accents, but really rolls off woody once the bass notes are around to rock it out for the rest of the trip.

The Pomegranate Noir Chronicle Set (Get it, it's wonderful!) includes 3 outside fragrances that are within the Pom. Noir fragrance itself. Such as, Raspberry (very light and tart) the Casablanca Lilly (classy, with a kick of a seasoned floral) and finally the Guacaia Wood (as if you've plucked a strip of the bark off... ah!) The set allows you to accent the Pom. Noir in many ways, and I have so much fun even using them in my other fragrances.

Unisex is the way to go, after all.. a smell is a smell, and it's best to be told "You smell great! ..what is that?" rather than.. "That Angel smells divine on you." -for all those gourmand lovers.


Pomegranate starts of, with patchouli added after a few moments.  Later a spicy and light peppery component is added, which after about half an hour becomes prominent without ever losing a touch of freshness in the drydown. The change from the top note to the darker tone is accompanied by occasional green elements.  This is an interesting fragrance, with decent silage and projection and a good longevity of four hours on me. One of the more remarkable Jo Malone creations. 
Pomegranate and a zing of pepper — not too sweet.

Since I'm not a fan of fruits, I layer this with the sweet, powdery, light spice of JM Ginger and Nutmeg. It makes for a gorgeous mix, more complex, less gourmand and spice than incense.
I get a bit of fruit for about 30 seconds, and then (strangely, as it's not listed in the fragrance profile) tons and tons of cloves. About 10-15 minutes later, I get a strong cedar/fir scent underlying the cloves. Eventually, the dry-down becomes a mix of cedar and nutmeg (some of my favorite parts of a typical men's cypher) that keeps me sniffing at my wrist for more. The scent really changes drastically over the time that you wear, and lasts 10-12 hours, although is nearly unrecognizable from when you first put it on. Still, I like it. 
I recently tried a sample of this scent and really like it.  
On me it smells warm, deep, exotic and yet powdery.  The scent lasts a long time.  

Planning to get some to alternate with Fig for winter months. 
My favorite is still Orange Blossom layered with Red Roses.  
As my introduction to Jo Malone, I received this as a gift from a relative of mine, after finding the fragrance completely bewitching on her.  This is a very elegant, beautifully crafted scent that smells as expensive as the price tag indicates.  It is definitely fruity, but not a fresh, crisp fruity - more like a carefully aged pomegranate liqueur.  The warm, spicy notes of pink pepper, patchouli, frankincense, and woods do remind me of potpourri, but not in a bad way.  Even with all of these earthier notes, the fragrance still smells clean somehow, and not too heavy or sickening, as one might expect.  Although this is designed to be combined with other Jo Malone scents, it's still a beautiful, sultry, and complex fragrance on it's own, and I have yet to smell anything like it.  The staying power is also outstanding - better than any perfume I have ever tried, high-end or low-end.  I have sprayed just a little bit of this on my neck and have still been able to smell it several days later without having to reapply.  

That being said, I can understand why many people would not care for this fragrance.  I am more partial to the fresher scents myself for everyday wear, but the occasional spritz of this (a little goes a long way) is still an intriguing and sexy delight.   
Good evening scent. Can be very over powering if over done but if delicately done it lasts well and smells great.
  Wow! just wow! I'm speachless.. I'm smitten! My review could actually end right here... well ok let me explain a little more why am I so thrilled. Pomegranate Noir is the same kind of a case as Black Vetyver Cafe. For a long time I was rather not getting myself into trying more of the Jo Malones, and that's because of my horrible experience with Lime Basis & Mandarin which was a total scrubber, a horrible harsh bunch of herbs with an absolute zeroof the promised juicy mandarin... ok but it's not about the Lime Basil & Mandarin right now, it's about Pomegranate Noir. I thought all "colognes" were suppost to be Demeter-like-type. Too linear, with not enough "ooomph" and just bland. God, Pomegranate Noir is everything but bland and linear. When I first spirtzed it on my skin, my senses were awakaned. I love, LOVE, LOOOVE incense/frankincense. Pomegranate Noir has a HUGE kick of frankincense. If you are not an incense type of a person - STAY FAR, FAR AWAY. It is more incensy and rich than my beloved CdG incense series! Is that even possible? Well, yeah! Now I know it is. The incense rather dry and very potpourri-like. The pomegranate note is just the biggest mystery for me here. It adds just a touch of ripe fruitiness to the whole composition. 

  I asked my boyfriend to smell my wrist. Now he loves the more feminine & romantic kind of perfumes on me. His opiniom? "Ummm.... ummm!!" I was like: "Sooooo...?" His reply: "if you smell like this... there is only one place I wanna take you to, actually we are actually already here... our bedroom...". After an exciting hour of love-making he told me this smells like pure, raw, primitive sex to him! He told me it's the most sexual fragrance one could ever pull off. Red silk dress? Yes, but ript off of the skin in a very primitive act. Believe me I've tried many incense fragrances... none of them have that much "oooomph". Pomegranate Noir isn't softened by anything. It's so dry, raw that not anyone will be able to pull that one off. Even the slight pomegranate note seems to enhance it's rawness and adds a "kinky" touch to it, rather than softens it. It's the hardcore perfumery exposed in it's more exciting state.
I'm on my second bottle of this. My favourite Jo Malone perfume and my second favourite perfume altogether. It's a floral but a dark one and I mean that in the best way possible. Those type of perfumes tend to be what I love in a scent so this is why it suits me wonderfully. Masculine and feminine notes working in harmony which is why this one makes it hard to explain ; the notes all balance each other out so it's hard to pinpoint the prominent feature. All I know is that I love it and I have no doubt I'll be buying it again.
Almost hypnotic and almost cloying, almost overwhelming and almost too sweet, this fragrance is sudden and wanton and reminiscent of smelling something in flower - something breath-taking and beautiful one hot, summer's night.  And whilst it's almost too matter-of-fact in its linearity, the shades and tones that rise and fall as it fades are quite lovely - spice and wood and that almost pungently sweet raspberry cordial.  I think it best worn on one's stomach to allow its presence to inveigle itself as a kind of miasma wafting about one.  This fragrance is best applied very, very frugally.  It is one of those that people will crane forward to enjoy but, recoil from with equal vigour when over used.

Love ...LOVE ...LOVE....reminds me of christmas??...must be the frankincense...and the woody smell....truly a great scent for fall/winter...i layer this with d/g "the one"....3 d/g to 1 j/m pom noir.
The only fruity fragrance I can wear without smelling like a farmer's market stall gone wrong.  Aside from the quality of any Jo Malone fragrance, it has to be the combination of the peppers and pomegranate with the other spicy elements.  It manages to smell sweet, clean, earthy, spicy, warm and just... delicious... without smelling over the top gourmand.  Lovely!
Finally a perfume that sort of resembles Jungle, L'Elephant by Kenzo which I adore; its absolutely unique. BUT Jungle is very hard to find & I sense it will be discontinued soon. So Pom' Noir would be my next choice.Hildy
I like this one a lot. I think it is very, very similar to Sequoia by Comme des Garcons. But I like this one a bit better because it is slightly sharper, and it has overall more volume to it. Pomegranate Noir is very linear scent without any depth. That’s okay; it smells very good and that’s it.PN is a simple and wonderful story of red fruits and woods. Indeed, it smells very red woody – just like Sequoia. Warm, fruity and slightly spicy medicinal (clove). Sweet and a tad bitter. Little bit boozy, too.I keep thinking my late grandfathers garden which was filled up with different kind of apple trees, plum trees, raspberry and other berry bushes; red currants, black currants, gooseberries... All very ripe, sweet and warmed by sunlight. Hedge full of waxy and bitter leaves gives its own distant shade.Pomegranate Noir is very long lasting. If you find sweet, dark and fruity scent with woods intriguing, then this is a must try.
Warm and wearable and lasts for ages superb lasting power on my skin, Its more of a winter scent and the 30ml bottle is perfect for travels.
This is delightful.  A warm and spicy red fruit scent, opening with a terrific waft of clove and citrus.  It reminds me of those homemade orange pomander balls studded with cloves, the ones that you place in your closet to make it smell good.  After the opening of clove and spice, the fruit emerges, including a fermented, wine-y note that hovers over a base that's woody, sharp and dry. Very nice, very grown-up, NOIR most definitely! Love this.
The official story says that Jo Malone was insired by a friend wearing a red dress to create this scent. Fact: It is the most masculine JM. Even her Vetiver is more difficult to be warn by a man.Everybody comments on how well it transfers the smell of pomegrenates in a bottle.Fact: pomegrenate doesn't smell to me. Not even a light herbal smell. This is why I hat it.Having said that I urge you to try this perfume as it is the most vibrant, inexplicable perfume I have ever warn. It manages to accomadate completely conflicting notes, and keep them side by side until the deepest of drydowns. First I get hit by a brief burst of melon, then an almost violent burst if campphor, followed by the sweetes cloves you' ve evers smelled. And then all the other ingredients that others have reported but I cannot separate. But what is most intriguing is that it lasts for hours and during the whole time you can inhale on your wrist and still be able to smell ALL the notes you have smelled during the progression of the fragrance. a truely amazing accomplishment. The only negative comment is that it feels sort of like a megalith. Sometimes I feel overpowered by it and I have to abandon it for several months in order to fully appreciate it again.
I'm a fan of scents in the wood/spice/musk family and Pomegranate Noir is a fine one. The fruit note makes it a lighter alternative to my other, heavier scents in the wood/spice family.
A great mixer. So this is a real nice fruity/smoky scent on it's own but the best thing to do with this is spray it on top of one of your other scents. It starts out sweet, very sweet to me but if you spray it on say an amber or woory scent it takes on the other scent and adds a real nice layer to it. It's one that people always ask me what I have on when I'm wearing it . 
Revised review
I hadn’t thought I would like it.  I assumed that it would be very berry/fruity.  Although not bottle-worthy for me, I always find it intriguing.  The scent has been called "enigmatic" and I agree.
The fruit notes start as bright, pleasant, natural, juicy, and not at all faux-synthetic.  Later, they become subtle, dry and complex.  Spices tingle in the background.  The patchouli emerges -- at times earthy-brown, at times metallic, at times tangy (all typical traits).  The scent settles into a nice incense-wood vibe.


This is a beautiful fragrance - dark and fruity - its good for mixing with non complex - I like it with Armand Basi Hiomme and with Taylor's of Bond St Sandalwood Cologne.  The dry down is nice on this and it lingers in the background.
I vaguely remembered that in Greek mythology, poor Persephone had something to do with pomegranates. But did you know that in Exodus the High Priest had images of pomegranetes woven into his robe? That Leonardo and Boticelli featured pomegranates in their Madonna and Infant paintings? That the Qu'ran mentions pomegranates will be  in Paradise?  Or that some Hebrew scholars speculate that the pomegranate was the forbidden fruit in The Garden of Eden?No? It's OK, neither did I.  I looked it up in Wikipedia.Be forewarned though, according to the same: "The pomegranate also evoked the presence of the Aegean Triple Goddess who evolved into the Olympian Hera, who is sometimes represented offering the pomegranate. "So reviewers, myself included, better watch what we say---one diety you do NOT want to piss off  is The Triple Moon Goddess.How does Jo's offering stack up? Longevity is very good. I could still smell it on my skin 9 hours later. This is a   linear scent, so be certain you like it--as you'll be stuck with it for 9+ hours.Sophisticated and unusual. However now that some time has passed I concur with Vibert--it no longer puts me in a good mood, either. Furthermore, I believe women can be better served by this one. The Bride in Kill Bill immediately comes to mind.M.
at the beginning, this smells exactly like cheap little cinnamon red hot candies.  and I love it!
Soothing plums guide frankincense and patchouli into a field of tangy pomegranate and blushing raspberries; who chime in with their own tartness and special zing. With exquisite depth, the pomegranate unravels to feature a myriad of scents; each reminiscent of something great. Dark cherry and cinnamon with dried leaves and sweet scarlet roses and a dash of honey-sweetness are just two of the multitude of creations that this wonderful fragrance can induce visions of. The pomegranate notes become apparent as fighters; as the scent settles on your skin and dries down, the pomegranate still lives and remains the top note. However, that doesn't mean that it dominates the scent and disallows a proper development; rather, the pomegranate allows a generous amount of woods to bleed through, while whoring the bitter notes. There is not much sweetness here, even with the influence of frankincense and raspberries. Rather than sweetening the scent as a whole, they serve to bite out the severe bitterness that such a strong pomegranate carries. Even with the presence of patchouli, containing this particular note of pomegranate is hard, but very well done -- the result is something that's shy of being bitter, but not bland. The fact that pomegranate is showcased here could have resulted in the scent being very linear and bland, but the design and structure of this scent is so well-done and rugged, that there is no room to think that it is merely pomegranate.The drydown is, by far, the most unbelievable of any fragrance I have ever smelled. In fact, I wore this scent four different times in one day just to relive that experience. The pomegranate dies out, and patchouli, frankincense, and a touch of raspberry are left to work wonders on your nose. I almost sense some transparent rose notes; that may just be the earthy patchouli feeding the raspberry and playing even more tricks on my nose though. Regardless of what it is, the beauty of this lies in the fact that it can be so much to your nose... no two drydowns will be the same. I understand, though, that Pomegranate Noir is not everyone's cup of t-- err, bottle of fragrance, so therefore I will leave you with a metaphor: Pomegranate Noir is the ugliest girl in the world, with the most beautiful personality. You pick your poison. No scent is perfect, and few are daring and bold as this one is. A manly composition of pomegranate and sweet fruits is done justice by Jo Malone.Overall rating: 10/10: Yet another high-quality composition we see here; the originality and the amount of effort put into this fragrance is superior to damn near every scent I have smelled.
I like this by itself but layer it with a tuberose or gardenia and it becomes even better. This lasts nicely all day on me. No camphor here.
Top notes :  Pomegranate, Pink Pepper, Raspberry   Middle notes : Plum, opopanax, frankincense   Base notes :  Patchouli, Musk, Spicy Woods  The inspiration for Pomegranate Noir (PN) came to Jo Malone after she saw one of her friends dressed up in a red silk dress at a middle eastern hookah party all the while stuffing dollar bills in her cleavage. I have enjoyed the simple uncluttered soliflores of the Jo Malone line so the "Noir/Dark" label of this fragrance made me wonder if Malone was going all Lutens on us.I shouldn't have worried. PN opens with a perplexing accord. Its sweet, lush and minty....and for a moment, does smell like Vicks vaporub except that there's a plummy fruity aroma enveloping this "vicks" accord. I am intrigued by how this minty fresh smell is engineered .. I don't see cloves listed in the notes pyramid, so the only explanation I can come up with is that PN is probably employing a variety of frankincense that is higher in its camphor (moth ball smell) content than the other constituents. Interms of fruitiness, this primary accord has all the hallmarks of a prune...it can be enjoyable and fun as well as occasionally grating and temperamental. While the incense does its camphor like thing, the distinctive sour and sweet smell of pomegranates is neutered by plenty of sweet raspberry and plum notes. PN loses much of its midnight vaporub funkiness after half and hour or so, and lets a timid patchouli note and some non-descript spicy woods base lead it to its quiet but not-so dark conclusion. The longevity is good..around 7 hours.I admit I expected more "Noir" facets from this scent but knowing Malone's style I wasn't expecting a Jules or Vintage Tabarome. It says "Black Pomegranate" on the label after all, and that could mean "Over-ripe Pomegranates" for all I know. I would have liked more patchouli and spices, and less raspberry and plums in this concoction. Its more complex than other Malone's like Grapefruit and Amber Lavender but is also, strangely, less interesting. With that said, during the dog days of winter and nostril scraping flu attacks, I would still like to spray a spritz or two of PN on my chest before going to bed....I hear it attracts fairies in red silk dresses.Rating: 7/10   
Wow, this is one of the more unique fragrance experiences I've had in awhile. I think everyone's comments so far have been valid.  Depending on what you're thinking when you smell it, it can smell like Vicks, fruit, cloves, pepper, patchouli or frankincense.  However, it does not smell overdone; despite its many opposing characteristics, it strikes me as rather minimalist and dry.  I must admit that I was slightly put off by the (it's true) harsh opening.  I thought of a minty and smoky version of L'Anarchiste, and I smelled a strong clove note.  But where L'Anarchiste puts me off, this intrigues me.  It doesn't have the same sickly aura about it.  The drydown focuses more on the frankincense and patchouli, while the fruit peeks from the background.  This is a wonderful, wonderful drydown.  I'll have to sample it a few more times to make up my mind, but there is a very good chance this is bottle worthy for me.  
Lovely frag. Very mysterious and includes my favourite notes, patchouli and frankincense. The pomegranate fruitiness gives it an overall 'burgundy' feel to it, and a much lighter effect that patchouli in its purer form. Very vampish and sexy. A winter fragrance that would be great for a special Xmas party.Instead of little black dress, maybe little red dress would be more suitable?
EDIT!  I've recently received a sample of this with a JM order and, I tried it again. As is typical of me, one of the fragrances that's affected me most powerfully, is a fragrance I initially disliked on myself.   After rereading my original review, I can't help but stress how much body chemistry, at any given time, affects the reactions of those of us who are extremely sensitive to our olfactory neurons.  Fortunately, chemical change can be positive, and I think my norepinephrine levels must be in better shape. The first review was written a couple of months before I became pregnant with my daughter, who is now 20 months old.  After having her, I guess I smell better!  (Smell as an adjective, not a verb).  In any case Pomegranate Noir is utterly, completely gorgeous; hypnotic, complex, and sensual.  At first it smells like mulled wine, and it quickly transforms to a patchouli-resin warmth that's oddly reminiscent of my favorite Chanels.  This pomegranate beauty is so perfect for enhancing the mood for the upcoming holiday; pomegranate is my favorite fruit to eat, and now Ill enjoy it even more.  Pomegranate Noir comes across as a fragrance that would be perfect for sitting in front of a fireplace after a day of skiing. Our Southern California Autumns, with the Santa Anas in full swing, often are hotter than our summers. Even with its "cool weather" connotation, Pomegranate Noir is beautiful in our current 90 degree+ weather.  The heat brings out a dry warmth in this fragrance (patchouli?) that I absolutely love.   Original Review:  On me this is suffocating.  It's strong, bitter, and harsh.  I think  the combo of frankincense and patchouli  reacts badly on my skin.  I'm with Mr. Quarry on the furniture polish aroma...The composition of Pomegranate Noir comes across as balanced mix of juicy fruits and and heavy woods, and it smells striking and deep when sprayed into the air.  Unfortunately I don't find the smell appealing on my skin, but on someone with the right skin chemistry, I'd enjoy it.
there's something about the frankincense that seems to hail from a dark far-away place, but that somehow also remains pure, the offering to the Christ at the manger..... the pomegranate fruitiness remains warm, edible, hypnotizing. 
If fragrances were brassieres, Ginestet Le Boisé would be a 34B, and Pomegranate Noir would be a 42D. Finally, a break-through scent with a personality. It's been months since my nose has been surprised like this. Husband says he smells furniture polish. Okay, dear, make that royal furniture polish used on a rich Frenchwoman's Louis XVI vanity.

This fills my oriental need.  I just love it.  It's an easy way to wear oud.  It's not a dirty oud it's a clean oud.  I think the bergamot rounds out the oud and makes it a very wearable scent.  You also can detect the cedar in the dry down.  I can't imagine this being difficult to smell or difficult to wear but it will not be for everyone b/c it is an oud.  I wore this on my honeymoon in paris and it has a great scent memory.  The longevity could be better but it's a great oud.  
The opening is sparkling; fresh, woody, floral…gorgeous. It's a linear fragrance and in this case it's not bad at all, as I don't want that opening to go away.The staying power is low, but while it lasts, it's a beautiful woody citrus fragrance with a twist; the twist comes from the so called oud which adds a bit of smoke, rubber and bitterness.
I am giving this a thumbs up because it is exactly what I have been looking for in a scent.  It is beautiful citrus' in the beginning and the oud comes out WITH the citrus.  I bought mine for 125 off of ebay.  It was a great deal and the seller only sells perfume and had 100 percent great feedback. Because it doesn't last long at all, I started to think that I got ripped off. I can't smell it on me after 30 minutes. My son smelled it for an hour or so and then he also could not smell a trace.  On one hand I am tempted to buy again at Sephora (I live in a town with literally no shopping) bc this CANNOT be the actual longevity of this expensive perfume. On the other hand, every review is talking about poor longevity.  I guess I will cut my losses now and just stick with the one I have. I just LOVE the smell SO much that I feel it is worth spending the extra money but only if I know I am going to get better longevity from the new bottle.  It is the best thing ever!
Classic. Unlike the case with the other reviewers, this one has  great staying power on me.
A compelling fragrance using three citrus notes and two woods...Oud & Bergamot by Jo Malone is an agarwood-centered fragrance with a straight ahead, clean citrus mix starting things out in the opening spray. This unfolds into a bright, powdery body with a moderate amount of oud. The cedar wood - a note I've loved for decades - seems a bit more pronounced than the oud, but together they slightly reinforce each other's "woodiness."

This is a fresh woody outing (recreated with a more ambery vibe with Jo Malone's Bergamot Rich Extrait perfume). There is a spiciness that isn't contributed by any separante note per se, but is derived from the inherent traits of the woods and citruses being used. 

Great day or night casual scent, for both genders.
A truly excellent fragrance.  Oud & Bergamot has a bright citrus or bergamot opening that's very authentic without any sourness or sharp synthetics.  A soft oud note warms forward and blends with the bergamot to become the mainstay accord for the duration of the scent.  It seems that JM fragrances' performance varies by fragrance and wearer.  While none of the JM line are designed to be sillage monsters, O&B remained discreetly evident for about 4 hours, which is what one should expect from an EDC.  Reapply as necessary.

O&B strangely reminds me of a uptown Chicago tailor that my grandfather used to be personal friends with.  He used to take me as a kid to his shop where they would custom make suits, shirts, belts and shoes.  This was late 1960's, but the shop had this incredible gentlemanly scent that I hadn't thought of for 50+ years until smelling Oud & Bergamot.  I bought a bottle right away.
Strange perfume that's a little more like wearing a citrus cologne while barbecuing chicken. It's longevity is not great (like most citrus) but it's very unique. A good comparison with Zeste Pamplemousse. Still enjoyable.
I had not expected to particularly like this, but I do.  
Restraint and class are the key words here.  
The bergamot is well done: crisp, citrusy, not plummy nor brash.  
I don't often like bergamot but it is very well done here.
There is something crisp, white-paper in style.  Reminds me a bit of Encre Noir.  
Then the oud appears.  Understated, yet warm and intriguing.  
A simple scent, JM's usually are in that style.  But, a good combination and well executed.
smells amazing!  too bad it doesn't last very long at all--disappointed at the performance.
I love this smell so much. I have considered getting a full bottle (currently have a sample and a 5 ml decant). Starts of with a bright cirtus wood combo and on my skin it becomes rich and earthy. So good. 
The only thing intense about Jo Malone Oud & Bergamot is how good it smells.  Projection and longevity are lacking, really have to spray a ton to get anything out of it on my skin. It's only been 30 minutes and my lotion is outperforming this scent. All that negativity aside, it does smell fantastic and if someone catches a faint whiff, you will get a compliment.  Great smell, and comes off a bit like Aventus to me, just waiting for the Intense-Intense version.
Christine Nagel at her finest, no surprise she’s been chosen to inherit Ellena’s throne. A charming whiff of sophisticated, mellow, androgynous, hyper-modern, clean yet somehow “mysterious” and moody spiced Oriental orange-infused woods. This is Oud & Bergamot by Jo Malone, a refined, minimalist, very well conceived experiment around the contrast between the aromatic, luscious smokiness of oud and cedar (and suede, I think), and the graceful, pastel, zesty and slightly floral touches of bergamot and citrus, with a hint of cinnamon-like touch of sweet – just as in Fendi Theorema for women, also composed by Nagel. All done with an amazingly well-engineered weightless texture taken to the very extreme – basically, pure thin scented air. It feels like a perfect olfactive rendition of some abstract watercolour featuring harmonic drops and brush strokes of pale orange, pale brown, pale black. All smells even, smooth, airy and pale, yet totally “there” under your nose. It’s like smelling a linen shirt previously sprayed with a hypothetical “true” substantial version of Oud & Bergamot – this is how the actual Oud & Bergamot smells. It’s there, and yet it isn’t. Like the suspended memory of a scent, more than an actual scent, and yet it’s there materializing under your nose. Fascinating to say the least. And it’s all done so terribly right, as all notes manage to smell crisp, smooth and clear, yet subtle. 

The scent is very simple actually, basically a fairly linear and “white-ish” sort of musky-suede rendition of (synthetic) oud and cedar tinted with some orange and cinnamon. It’s the way Nagel made it that makes it so special. It takes some guts and skills to take these notes and turn them into an impalpable whiff of watercolour mist (I mean, it takes some guts to do it right and not end up with an ephemeral fart of a constipated princess). More than compelling and more than a scent, a little piece of minimalist art. Obviously not a “bomb”, very subtle but quite persistent, more than one may assume: somehow you smell it around yourself for hours and hours even if it seems disappearing from your skin soon. This close to smelling just dull and weak – and maybe it is, and I’m just overestimating it – but I find it just lovely.

8-8,5/10

Really enjoyed the smell.  Longevity and projection are okay.  Longevity about 2-3 hours.  Even with that, I bought a 10ml decant.
Really earthy, mysterious, by soon woody (almost raucous), sparkling (a classic citric approach counteracting in the meanwhile the raw upcoming woodiness) and angular juice since the first moments of the short trip. The vibrant combination of the two main elements is exotic and somewhat dandy (in a fresh, elusive, latin and virile way). It seems a touch of final leather connects the elements of this really virile (vaguely caribbean) seasoned concoction. Dry spices and thirsty cedarwood drain utterly the vaguely (barely and temporarily) resinous initial texture (a touch of saffron too??). The Oud & Bergamot Cologne's evolution is minimal, the stout, dry, vaguely smoky and leathery oud's temperament seems weirdly sultry and testosteronic. An interesting minimalistic take on citric oud, alluring, classic, sexy and fashinating.
rbaker said it. Another fresh offering from Jo Malone. Nothing to dislike. Gone in three hours so limited in use, but lovely. 
A straightforward scent in which the good bergamot freshness is nicely counterbalance by a nice touch of oud. Nothing special and no surprises is the drydown, but the for JM very decent longevity of four hours tilts the score to the positive. 
I got this in the Jo Malone boutique in the airport lounge on impulse when my wife was browsing something for herself (she's a fan of Jo Malone frags).

I do love this fragrance. I don't seem to get too much of the Bergamot, but this for me is all about subtle, creamy, and silky oud. 

You are followed by a shimmering oud cloud for many hours, just wonderful, warming and sensual. The perfect cosseting scent.

Only problem is the amount of sprays you require to achieve this nirvana state... I'm talking like over 10... Doesn't make it a sillage killer, but just gives it some longevity.. best to layer it.

The lady at the JM counter says it has a 15% EDP concentration, I would think a 25% concentration would be about right...

One thing I have discovered recently is layering this with a couple of swipes of pure oud oil is divine. It really compliments the Oud & Bergamot, and you can go Cambodian for smooth or Assam for barnyard (From my Ensar Oud sample set) Also seems to help greatly with longevity.

Anyway, love this scent, but wish it was 25% concentration, it's bit of a rip of considering the amount you need to apply.
I definitely like this scent.  I just got the sample and I intend to buy a bottle soon.  
Went into the Jo Malone shop for some 154 someone had suggested and came out with this! Oud & Bergamot is ABSOLUTELY on the money! The rich yet subtle character of this earthy fragrance is astounding. To be honest, I didn't think Jo Mo had it in 'em; Creed's Oud doesn't come close to matching up. FIVE STARS of unforgettable - top to bottom.

This is certainly powerful for a cedrat-driven scent. I have to say, though, I'm not sure I remember L'Occitane's cedrat EDT being ever so different from CD in its overall composition. Consistent, strong sillage, if that's what you're after. In my view, it's the cedrat note that sets this composition apart from cheaper scents.

It is a little disturbing that it stays fresh for quite this long. I find it linear, unremarkable, but there's something endearing in just how much Mancera has put in for the punters.
This is an absolute powerhouse of a fragrance.

Every time I wear it I get noticed and I get comments even so much that one of my work colleagues immediately went out and bought a bottle of this after smelling it on me.

It's bold, smokey, a little fruity at the start, and on me carries quite a medicinal note. It is a little linear after the opening but given how solid a performer it is, I'd simply be nit picking to criticise it for that.

I would't know how close Cedrat Boise is to Aventus because I've never compared the two. Regardless I'd rather have a bottle of this monster performer any day.

Also just an additional note to point out how nice the bottle feels in the hand. Nice solid bottle with a cool feeling metallic cap, all delivered in a nice Montale/Mancera style carry pouch.

Lovely stuff.
Very pleasant woodsy lemon - very wearable and versatile but not as interesting as the note listing and hype seem to suggest - I don’t get much of the florals or blackcurrant - I just get more lemony wood in the dry down. It’s still nice though and avoids smelling like a cleaning product (which most lemon scents don’t.) The absence of the fruity florals leave it a bit wanting though to be bottle worthy.
Creamy, buttery lemon.

Lasts all day, with 2-3 sprays.

And on my clothes in the mornin'.


Great juice, the wife loves it.  The only gripe would be that it's fairly linear.
This has to be the most outrageously misrepresented fragrance I've ever come across.
All the reviews are constantly comparing this to Aventus. It has absolutely NOTHING in common with Aventus. I can understand when people lump other fragrances like Pineapple Vintage, Zara Vibrant Leather, Mont Blanc Explorer etc into the category of Aventus. Those fragrances definitely are in a similar class and share a similar DNA.
However, MCB is a much darker, richer, heavier fragrance that has more in common with Chanel Coromandel and Allure Edition Blanche, than any resemblance to Aventus.
Also, MCB is a leather fragrance. The leather is quite sharp from the start and settles down to a more suede and ambery, woody vanilla in the drydown.

I almost feel guilty for even mentioning Aventus in this review, because these two fragrances shouldn't be appearing in any sort of list together. But sadly, it's so commonly compared to Aventus that I feel that the myth needs to be thoroughly dispelled.
I also feel like this is some sort of test to allow us to more easily identify the hype gallery amongst the community. If you're saying this smells anything like Aventus, I think you need to spend a little more time trying other fragrances and less time reading reviews. I'm not sure what started this thing with drawing parallels to Aventus, but it needs to stop. Was its original formulation more similar? I have no idea, but the one I have is not even in the same category.

This all said. MCB is not a bad fragrance. Just don't expect it to be anything like what all the frag bros harp on about.
I do like Coromandel and Allure Edition Blanche. MCB sits more alongside them. It's not a bright, fresh, open fragrance. It's darker and richer.
Quite possibly my most commented on and favoured fragrances. Has a very satisfying opening and this develops into a long-lasting scent of at least five to six hours. An absolute classic of a fragrance and one I go back to, time and again.
It doesn't smell like Aventus up until the drydown, but it has more going for it on the top and mid. I'd say Aventus for the day, and Cedrat for night outs. Overall, I like it more than my 16L Aventus.
This is a really nice masculine fragrance that gives me similar vibes as Creed Aventus, but isn't a clone of that fragrance in any way really. To my nose, only the opening reminds me of Aventus (and mainly due to the sweet blackcurrent note). The opening is bergamot, blackcurrent, cedarwood, lots of black pepper, and a hint of violet leaf to my nose, making it sweet yet spicy and masculine leaning at the same time. On the drydown though, it goes in the direction of mostly cedarwood with blackcurrent and a bit of bergamot in the background, and doesn't remind me of Aventus at all (no noticeable leather notes). In fact it reminds me of Creed Bois du Portugal and Lalique pour Homme (Lion) due to the prominent and natural smelling cedarwood note, and also a bit like Dior Sauvage.

This is like a power scent. It's a scent you wear to a business meeting or when you want to make a statement or your presence known. "Cedrat Boise" as a name is very appropriate, but I feel it should've been called "Cassis Boise" because the blackcurrent and cedarwood are stars of this show.

Projection is insanely good (2 sprays was almost too much for me and nearly choked me out; 1 spray is all I can do with this fragrance). In fact projection is so strong I'd classify this as a winter scent. While longevity is also insane, projecting strongly for over 8 hours and even through a workout! Overall this is an amazing masculine fresh yet sweet and heavily woody fragrance with absolutely nuclear performance. 

5/5
A nice and clean fragrance; lemon with woody undertones. Not as smoky as Aventus, this is more geared towards fruits and woods. The opening is lemon, the mid is lemon supported by fruits, and the dry down is woody. The opening does have that fruity Aventus vibe but I think CB is different and remains its own fragrance from start to finish.
An awful lot of noise comes from the online fragrance community across forums, YouTube, and social media, especially from the CISHET male side about how Mancera Cedrat Boise (2011) is the big "Creed Aventus (2010) killer" made to put the house in its place for considerably less. This is absurd, and has righteously caused many Creed sycophants to instantly declare this an enemy/usurper (which is a bit theatrical but not far off), while others whom agree with the declaration think they've earned some modicum of hipster colognoisseur cred by wearing the Mancera over the Creed. Once all the silly High School drama clears and we're left with Cedrat Boise sitting on it's own merits, what we actually have is a fragrance released by a perfumer who is in his own little world (likely from sniffing too much synthetic oud) that is indeed a competitor for the same demographic almost by accident, but actually smells more like higher-quality and more-natural predecessor to Dior Sauvage (2015). Another glaring facet that "dudebros" seem to forget is Cedrat Boise is not a gendered fragrance, and therefore all but unisex without being called such, so folks with feminine chemistry are also meant to try it to see what results can be wielded from wearing it. I do agree that like many Unisex Creeds, Cedrat Boise mostly appeals to masculine tastes, but not by the design of the house of course, since "citrus woody" as its name roughly translates could apply to a number of feminine perfumes. Cedrat Boise is a dry woody scent with a juicy sharp fruity citrus punch on top, and a few key synthetics to shape it out, which is where I get most similarities with it and the designer bomb known as Sauvage.

Mancera Cedrat Boise opens with a brief rush of dry bergamot, followed by Sicilian lemon, and a sweet blackcurrant note which is the biggest comparable facet to Aventus it has. The connection to the later Sauvage is much stronger and almost instant as well; one can surmise that François Demachy of house Dior must have taken huge inspiration from Pierre Montale's work here when he composed Sauvage, especially in the base construction. I can see where the fruity presentation might sniff of Aventus from afar, but a total lack of pineapple (or the ability to tell it apart from blackcurrant) instantly kills all serious likeness between Aventus and Cedrat Boise to me. A touch of dusty white florals and cardamom spice inhabit the middle of Cedrat Boise, while the blackcurrant continues into the heart, joined by a white patchouli note and jasmine hedione. A telltale norlimbanol scratchiness which is milder than Sauvage but close in throbbing tone announces the base, and also distances Cedrat Boise from Aventus even further, both in quality and personality. A white musk and cedar note finish out Cedrat Boise, with hints of leather softened by vanilla and shined up with a sliver of oakmoss bite, whatever quantity is allowed by IFRA these days anyway. Sillage is mild overall, and downright weak for the usual Montale/Mancera composition, but longevity is stellar at 12+ hours assuming you don't become anosmic to the musk or synthetic karmawood. This is a perfect year-rounder generalist through and through for folks digging this vibe, so wear it where you will, and maybe make it a signature if you're a one-scent kind of person. My only complaint is I'd get bored really fast if this was my signature of choice, since this style is all but standardized anymore.

A big weak point to Cedrat Boise if compared directly to Aventus is the scratchy norlimbanol, although not as intense as what is found in the later Sauvage, but still gives Cedrat Boise an obvious synthetic quality which Aventus is much better at hiding with its house ambergris. Secondly, without pineapple or vetiver, the only real link they share is the white floral heart, and that's too brief, but for noses not as finely-honed, I can see where the confusion in telling them apart lies. I also honestly don't think Cedrat Boise was made to be an "Aventus Killer", as marketing anything that way is setting up for failure with critics, who have by and large embraced this juice. Lastly, Cedrat Boise is one of a glut that Pierre Montale churns out yearly for his own houses, precluding any notion of targeting another scent's market, especially considering Aventus was barely even a year old by that point, and not yet the hype monster it would become in the fragrance community. Guys who like Sauvage but find it too sharp, loud, or shrill should really check into Cedrat Boise, and fans of Aventus should add this alongside, as discounters often sell it at designer price points, so you can get it with less risk. Old heads will likely hate Cedrat Boise, but it's almost deserved disappointment if you prefer mossy or animalic masculines and dive into psuedo-synthetic "nouveau-niche" like this without first testing. I am a fan of the fruity sharp citrus synthetic woods style (much to the chagrin of some peers), as for me it's the early 2000's come again, but I'd not recommended this over anything it compares to because Cedrat Boise feels less like a replacement for a popular masculine and more like an alternative to sit alongside them in a larger collection; it's a real off-beat "deep cut" of a creation made more for a collector than somebody with a smaller, more pragmatic wardrobe. Thumbs up! 
At first when I got this.... I thought it was OK, however after more wearing, what a gem this really is.

Juicy, fruity, woody. 

In the warm weather this radiates and creates a lovely clean fresh Aura,  a bubble of fresh Citrus and Blackcurrant... Before slowly turning woody. 
For all the Creed fans, yeah it has that vibe, however this is like a distant cousin. More friendly and defo better value for the money. 

Mancera hit it out of the Park again for me. Simply delightful. Gains a lot of notice and liked by most around you when wearing. 

Overall Scent 8.9 - 10
Projection 8.6 - 10
Longevity 8.5 - 10

A good 8hrs on my skin
I love this! It's canvas is of Citrus based cleaner used in a Public toilet. Jasmine's vague Petroleum Indol and Contemporary creamed Sandal dances a diddle atop. A green Cedarwood note is countered by a fruity Currant.
Apply lightly and concentrate on the playful dance.

Another Mancera fun fragrance.  
So Cedrat Boise it seems will be forever known as the Aventus clone. I think that does it a massive disservice. There are similarities for sure. It was obviously inspired by Aventus. But CB is different. It is much creamier than Aventus. It is certainly fruitier. 

Very nice indeed. 
This is Mancera  showing Creed how to do it as far as green woody fragrances are concerned Cedrat Boise is far superior to Aventus. Its more focused, cleaner, fresher, more of masculine edge to it, less 'damp and green'. The difference between walking in a fresh cool sunny meadow versus one that's just been rained in. Or a picture perfectly in focus showing that is what the scents meant to be versus someone who's gone to photoshop. And it's better value for money.
At the other extreme there is always Armaf Club de Nuit which is a budget incredibly accurate clone of Aventus. Mancera however is pure class. 

Fragrance: 4/5
Projection: 4/5
Longevity: 4/5

Stop press: June 2019: Notino are selling 120 ml bottles for £52 including postage. Cheaper than the 60 ml bottles!
A quite fruity (kind of apparently berrish and surely lemony) sophisticated creamy sandalwood. There is a quite present lemony/grassy aura (the cedrat vibe) which is musky and floral (definitely classic in effect - some old school or classically appointed sandalwood/jasmine-implementations from Estee Lauder or Mark Buxton jump vaguely on mind). The "sandalwood/jasmine/black currant connection" is surely central. I detect the "Cedrat Boise-effect" but the note of sandalwood (a floral sophisticated musky sandalwood) is equally dominant. Feminine.
Strong citrus and the jasmine in the opening. It reminds me of Mr. Balmain but higher quality. The woods and blackcurrent give it a rainy day quality that's nice. It's the best of this type of citrus cedar style I've tried so far. I would probably prefer this to Bois de Cedrat simply for the sillage and longevity. I would also choose this over Mediterraneo Tuscan Cypress. 
when first applied,aventus did come to mind. when i smelled my wrist again, the aventus was gone.in an twinkle of an eye, sandalwood stands up in this. cedrat boise has a citrus and woody personality with a discrete vanilla base. lemon,bergamot,sandalwood, cedar, blackcurrant to tone down the citrus, and vanilla....fantastic!!! totally different than aventus, which has a spicey identity. im ready to sign cedrat boise to my starting roster to join my superstars like  aventus.
This opens with a rather strong lemon zest, which thankfully dies down rather quickly, but settles in with a sweeter version of lemon, like a meringue.

The fruit dominates, with just a touch of cedar in the background, to me a slight astringent tang, just a hint of a Band-Aid, in no way off-putting.

I really enjoy this.

9/10
Just received Cedrat Boise and I must say it is a lovely fragrance! Now, I know I am going to make enemies here so for all of my frienemies who say this is a clone of Aventus, smells like Aventus, resembles Aventus....unfortunately I would have to disagree. This is nothing like Aventus from the beginning to the end. And yes, we are all entitled to our own opinions, and mine says I don't get Aventus at all.

I, too, like landshark321 think there are other fragrances that resemble Aventus and due to all the hype put out there regarding these two (among others) I was intentional about locating the similarities and for me there aren't any. The first fragrance that came to mind was Obsession for men by Calvin Klein....
(If this reminds me of anything that would be the aforementioned. I think this is a newer more modern take on the very manly Obsession if to give a point of reference). 

In a league of it own, Cedrat Boise has a woodsy, gourmand feel to it that is creamy and fresh all at the same time. With the Bergamot, Cedarwood, and a very potent Lemon and Blackcurrant that's clearly and artfully done-I see Cedrat Boise as one having created an ambiance of its own; a stand alone fragrance for anytime, anywhere, with....shut yo mouth!!

There is a certain DRY sweetness that you get as all the notes come together. I will give this a bit more time as I adjust...great fragrance overall!!
Cedrat Boise by Mancera has a fruity opening, and then it transforms to something familiar to me: fresh, woody, and a little sweet -- one of my favorite scents back in college -- the first version of Colors for Men by Benetton. Cedrat Boise is a lot better, though, and more modern. A gourmet version of fast-food Colors for Men. 

Wearing just a dab sample, Cedrat Boise's longevity is excellent on my skin, and the projection is moderate at best. If you can afford to purchase a full bottle, I'd say go for it. 
For me, it's the sandalwood and jasmine notes that star after the initial, very pleasant citrus opening. I get very good performance from this and it's the type of scent i look forward to wearing when the occasion and mood suits.
After several wears of this, it is definitely a keeper in my collection and if it was a choice between a bottle of this or a bottle of Aventus, it's this.

Vanilla-infused turpentine.  Musty, moldy antique wood furniture.  I like it...  I'd say this is a rather dark, woody vanilla, bordering on boozy at times.  This house rarely impresses me.  I find their fragrances rather mainstream, pedestrian, or boring.  This one, intrigues me.

Wooden vanilla fades into a creamy, almost ice cream flavor later on, with sprinkles of pencil shavings.  Ha!  An unusual vanilla scent for sure...
This is lovely. My association with vanilla is that it's usually sweet and gourmand, but this is darker, more like smelling an actual vanilla bean, maybe with some dark rum. Subtle, not intense. If it didn't sound so cheesy, maybe it would be called "Vanille Noir."


Peppery, citrusy, woody vanilla. A tempered yet perceptible vanilla note of good quality thats not cloying or overly saccharine; woven in with a diverse set of citrus, vetiver and oakmoss notes. Well blended, very versatile and one of the best "dry" and "easy to wear" vanilla fragrances alongside Creeds' Sublime Vanille (which has a more upfront vanilla presentation). 

A vanilla fragrance good enough to convert a vanilla-denier. 


Excellent no frills vanilla, can be worn by both men and women, however I would love to smell this on a guy. Your not going to get the gourmand baking vanilla so prominent in other vanilla heavy perfumes. Excellent oak moss and vetiver notes, woody undertones.  
Vanilla is a scent I often struggle with, particularly boozy vanillas or anything with even a vaguely cupcakey accord. This is dry, which seems to be a far less common presentation - certainly vanilla isn't something I particularly associate with the cologne genre. As others have said, Insensee means 'insane', rather than 'incense', although I don't find madness or excess in this at all - if anything, it smells rather introverted in character, despite having decent projection; lasts well too, being a Cologne Absolue. I loved it at first sniff and, from the fact that my first sniff was from an amber-coloured, rather ancient-looking sample, I can tell you that it ages well, getting deeper and a little warmer.
It opens with a full and vibrant lime, a juicy opening for a scent which dries down papery, dusty and (as ClaireV so insightfully pointed out) with something of the Communion wafer about it. Maybe it's the lapsed Catholic in me that loves this, maybe it's the bookworm...
It works well as a base under herbal freshies, too - a great way to transition them between seasons. I definitely get a spike of vetiver in the drydown, to my nose it shows as an earthiniess below the papery accord.


Also, am I the only who just loves the Atelier bottles? Like pebbles, there's something really comforting about them in the hand - just the right weight and those rounded corners are lovely.
One spray of this and I was reminded of a Bruno Acampora oil (Vanyl) which foxed me a couple of months ago as I felt it was a 'green' vanilla in the sense of not sweet. Just read Kotori's review of Vanille Insensée here and she mentions that it smells like the pods rather than baked goods made with vanilla - that is spot on! I had become so used to vanilla being sweet and body lotionish that I'd completely lost the association with the real thing. So VI is a cool rather than cozy vanilla, and I like it. A couple of hours later, it's humming along and exuding a feeling of calm and wellbeing (not cookie scented at all!).
Although it's not something I'd rush out to get for myself, I'm very happy to try it and if I ever wanted a vanilla of this type it'd definitely be a contender.
Ahhh... it makes a lot of sense to know Ralf Schwieger created this one. The style reminds me of Fils de Dieu or the Merveilles line. "Insane Vanilla" is a vanilla-dominant cologne (as in eau de) with a contrasting orange peel note and some supporting jasmine, moss, and woods. The jasmine blends well and whispers softly, never once attempting to overthrow the vanilla. It is a cold vanilla, based on the pod, not the extractor any baked goods featuring it. In the sense of coldness and darkness, it resembles Eau Duelle EDT by Diptyque, though not in the actual notes (other than the pod-based vanilla). This is one of my favorite ever vanillas, which I've learned after a two-year long vanilla quest. Very intelligently composed and modern.
Very nice vanilla that has that old book smell (Not a bad thing). It does have that Memoirs of a Trespasser vibe.
Vanille Insensee by Atelier Cologne is one of the only three vanilla-centered fragrances that I would consider adding to my collection. The list also includes Salimar EDC and L de Lolita Lempicka (sadly discontinued). Lately, it seems like half the beauty and bath products on the market are laced with vanilla, and I can see why—it is universal, comforting, and not “perfume-y”. On the other hand, if I am going to burn a hole in my wallet and purchase a fragrance, I except something more than vanilla extract. Vanille Insensee reminds me of a vintage perfume that developed for several hours on the skin. The top notes are long gone and only a hint of floral accord remains. What is left is a gently humming benzoin-laden vanilla with a dose of subdued “oakmoss”, a touch of vetiver, and airbrushed musk. That being said, VI is far from vintage with its burnt sugar turned up full blast and the civet strategically omitted. Even the moss accord has been declawed and given a bath. 

VI is very approachable, yet it provides the wearer with something more than vanilla scented body lotion. My favorite part is the freshly cut hay accord that is screaming for help under the pile of sugar and moss/musk.

4/5

UMMM - Vanille Insensee - a favourite from the house. Sampled over 2 consecutive days, and it has bowled me over both days! The note list doesn't make much sense as I don't really get corriander, lime, vetiver or oakmoss. What I get is a fantastically intoxicating vanilla with a citrussy-floral orange blossom type note, this juxtasposition created a 3-dimensional scent with lots of shadows, brighter areas and hidden corners.

The Vanilla is clearly the star of the show. This is a straight-up vanilla scent. It is a lot like opening a tube of raw black sticky vanilla pods and giving it a good sniff - quite a multifaceted smell, a little dark, a little smokey, slightly powdery, even boozy with a kind of burnt-sugar and plastic that raw vanilla can give , thankfully not over-sweet. The supporting notes keep the mind engaged. One of the best vanilla interpretations I've come across. Probably slightly feminine leaning, but distinct enough for a man to carry off. I got a similar vanilla from Lush Vanillary but that one went a bit too cup-cake, this one is more like a light dusting of vanilla infused icing sugar: quite airy, light and transparent. Above all a sensual-romantic classy scent: reminding us that - when fully ripe - natures vegetation can be just as seductive as animalic displays!

Overall 82/100. Somehow not doing so well on other reviews, but I'll trust my nose here.Closer to the very best vanillas (Guerlains, Mona di Orio etc) than designer efforts. The real magic is in the first hour, then it may resemble a refined Le Male given an unlimited budget. I'd be delighted to have this smell associated with me.
Atelier Cologne Vanille Insensee is a creamy vanilla, somewhat gourmand-like, drawing from many different concepts: woody, smoky, and definitely floral.

I didn't get too much citrus in the opening, despite the note listing.  The experience started mainly with the vanilla itself, which didn't wait for the dry down.  Similarly, I account for the amber's presence throughout the life of the fragrance due to the creaminess of the vanilla.  The oak stands in the background throughout, anchoring the fragrance with a dryness that doesn't let it become a fleeting floral nor an overly cake-like gourmand.

To compare to other vanilla-focused fragrances, Vanille Insensee contains some of the booze of Perry Ellis Oud Black Vanilla Absolute, some of the florals of Dame Perfumery Blak Floral, and the darkness of Imaginary Authors Memoirs of a Trespasser, perhaps the insensee (incense?) reminding me of the prominent myrrh note in MOAT.

Now I'm not sure Vanille Insensee is as good as of these fragrances since it doesn't really commit to any one direction all that much, but that might make it all the more agreeable among vanilla lovers and non-lovers alike, the latter since it's relatively easy to wear.

On performance, Vanille Insensee projects more and lasts longer than most of its Atelier Cologne freshie brethren, so it definitely feels more valuable, and at an unusual steal at FragranceX for only $84 for 100ml.

Usage-wise, men and women alike can use this throughout the year.  I imagine it can remain under control in warm weather but not disappear in cold weather either, so I'd speculatively regard this is a solid year-round option.  Not my favorite vanilla but one I might consider adding.

8 out of 10
I'm really starting to enjoy Atelier Cologne's fragrances.  They all seem to be slow burners:  I'll spray one on, then think "Hmm, not much to that," and then about an hour later I'll notice a really nice, beautifully balanced fragrance emanating from about an inch from my skin.  Vanilla Insensée is no exception.  It starts as a sweetish vanilla with a lick of lemony jasmine, and then it ends in a light, woody bit of pie-spice.  Quite a polite vanilla, really, in a world full of bombshells, beasts, and layer cakes--but not prim or shy. 
Light, refreshing Vanilla...

This is a vanilla that is in keeping with the spirit and direction of Atelier Cologne in that it is an eau de cologne with a vanilla aspect to it. That means that it is not a perfume with a heavy vanilla note. Instead it is one which is surrounded with citrus notes.

The lime and oakwood are the main notes, along with the vanilla, are what make this. I also detect the citron backing up the lime, and the subtle jasmine, giving a dirty quality to the mix.

I think this is a vanilla for people who don't like vanilla in perfumes. A very wearable vanilla for men and a unique, refreshing choice for women. Not bad at all!
Nevermind the insanity of the name, this is a pleasantly luminous vanilla-inspired scent with a fraction of the richness associated with the bean and none of the heft. A hint of spice, a touch of floral and a toasty paper-like crispness come together for a surprisingly interesting take on the genre. 

Vanille Insensée smells to me like an improved albeit sweeter version of DSquared Rocky Mountain Wood with its warm floral incense vibes. Performance may vary with individuals but I can't personally fault its sillage nor projection as I find them excellent.
vanille edcNon-cuddly vanilla.  More woody than spicy or dessert-like. Papery, actually.  Citrus notes at the top tell you that the vanilla won't be either warm or sweet.  Ambery and smoky notes are accents rather than dominant notes and let the vanilla keep its crisp edge.  The Atelier line purports to reinvent the cologne genre. Without much sillage, strength or endurance Vanille Insensee doesn't step far out of the range of dynamics of the eau de cologne, but the composition certainly isn't the classic citrus edc. It has similarities to l'Artisan Parfumeur Vanille Havane, Serge Lutens Bois de Vanille and Parfums de Nicolai Vanille Intense. Atelier's vanilla shares the coolness of the other vanillas, but is airier, less radiant and more matte. It's the unlikely goldilocks between the contemporary woody vanilla and the classic eau de cologne and a successful refashioning of the edc genre. 
Like raw vanilla bean and spice. Haven't tried it alone, but it pairs beautifully with LaVanilla "Pure Vanilla," which has some patchouli in it. Together, they're as satisfying as a hot cup of fresh black coffee.
l get a refreshing, woody-citrus opening, & then l smell a lot of white musk along with a whiff of jasmine. lt takes a few minutes for the vanilla to appear, & it's not candy-sweet at all, but dry, & laced heavily with amber. The amber becomes more & more dominant over the next few hours, & the base has a warm, woody, slightly honeyed feel. 
l would say this fragrance is far more about amber than vanilla, so if you're looking for a straight-up vanilla, this isn't it. lt is a very nice fragrance though, & the sillage & longevity are good, this being labelled as a "cologne absolu". l think this is supposed to mean a "perfume-strength cologne", although l don't know why they don't just call it an EDP...

Very sweet juice with decent longevity and projection. Not much left to say about this fragrance that hasn't already been said. I find it smells like Fruity Pebbles cereal. I like it, but don't see a full bottle in my future.
Is this an everyday fragrance for any occasion, absolutely not. However, nobody can honestly get a whiff of this and say wow that stinks. This frag deffenitely has its time and place. If your goal when putting on a fragrance is to get compliments and have women turned on then this will 100% do the job, women love this frag. I guarantee a compliment everytime you wear it, it is what it is just facts to the haters of this frag. There is a reason its one of the top sold frags in the world. You want to be unique and wear something that no one else really enjoys except yourself by all means, if you want to get compliments at a bar from pretty women this is for you.
Paco Rabanne as a fragrance name for men had slowly slipped down the relevance slope over the years, with the undeniable influence of Paco Rabanne Pour Homme (1973) on the masculine fragrance scene slipping from mainstream design somewhere around the end of the 80's. That watershed scent was needing a "replacement" so to speak in the eyes of the mass-market blind buyers that work off of peer pressure, as it became less of a must-have for everyone and more of a must-have for the vintage fan; once a scent crosses that threshold, it's work is for all intents and purposes done, and a house needs to reinvent it's image with a new halo product. Tenere (1988) was too niche in interest to ever really catch on, and XS (1993) was good, but part of the "fresh fougère" wave and drowned in a sea of samey competition. Paco (1996) was an attempt to join the unisex craze, and Black XS (2005) was part of that "youth targeting" movement of the early 2000's. All of these were good products, but not the one Paco Rabanne needed. Enter: 1 Million. This deliberately gimmicky scent could have been released by Avon during it's halcyon years for the packaging alone, and it was so finely-tuned as a generalist with a fun club-going side that it instantly struck gold (pun intended) with it's upwardly-mobile millenial career professional target. It had balance and pleasantness borrowed from the best 90's generalists, a sweet pseudo-gourmand femme-friendly vibe to make it a "go-getter" in the clubs, plus a flashy, gaudy personality that resonated with the "glorified hedonism" of mainstream hip-hop culture of the time. It checked all the boxes, and became the Paco Rabanne Pour Homme of the 21st century. At what price victory? Well that's the question for Paco Rabanne to answer, as it took not one or two, but three perfumers to concoct this "faceless man" of a note pyramid.

Do I like it? Yes. It's hard not to like this honestly, as it's such a focus-group-in-a-bottle that everyone will find enjoyable facets that counteract the boring or maybe even slightly intolerable ones. Even most haters of this stuff will admit it doesn't smell bad, it just has nothing for them because it's such a boiled down mash of everything people like that it comes across like pandering, and fault it for it's lack of distinction; it's like a person who tries to agree with everyone and is trusted by no one as a result. 1 Million opens with grapefruit, which is a holdover from the late 90's and early 2000's ozonic period, so it checks that box. They add mint and blood orange to the mix, one is meant to smooth out the grapefruit's tang, while the other rounds it out with a darker citrus tone, which checks another box. Sweet, bold, but held back by a scent counterpoint so it stays cool and fresh. The gourmand tones of the middle add some comfort, with cinnamon and other spices playing with rose and a soft suede note, so check off boxes for fans of orientals, floral masculines and leather scents, even if none of these notes really stand out over the other. Finally, a base of carefully-measured generic Iso-E Super woods and patchouli flanks a "everyone loves amber" bottom end. It's almost Paco Rabanne plagiarizing Avon's "me too" designs, but times 10, almost. It's practically the posture child of balance, and is the Goldilocks of note pyramids; not too sweet, not too spicy, not too fresh, not too warm or cool, but just right. It spawned a bunch of flankers, as some did actually find fault with it's design, and ironically they all have more personality than this one does by very nature of their specialization: there's a lighter eau de cologne, a darker Prive, and an even louder Intense version out there now. As if this one didn't cover all bases enough itself, it's siblings will hit any area missed. 

As the fragrance for the guy who wants to both impress everyone yet potentially offend no one, this does exactly what it sets out to do, and was thus copied a dozen times by other houses. Guys looking to make a statement might as well become mute when wearing this so they'll likely do better staying away. 1 Million almost created a new genre of "nightclub scent" as it was most often found in that context during it's first years, if only because of the rich playboy image it's gold bar bottle gives off, making it attractive for a good time at face value much like the people wearing it wish they were. This is where the stigma of 1 Million being the smell of "hetero alpha male douchebag" came from, as this was the smell wafting off the collar of the guy in the white blazer trying to buy all the ladies drinks and hand out phone numbers to every table. It's the arch-nemesis of Jean Paul Gaultier's Le Mâle (1995), which is the polar opposite of this and the "old guard" club scent that refuses to die (but is found more in gay clubs nowadays than strait ones). Again, I do like this, as it's completely pleasant, soft, sweet, with only a small drop of the risque, rather than rolling in it, but I do admit throwing it under the bus in this review due to it's blatant, unabashed commercialism. Liking Paco Rabanne 1 Million is like enjoying McDonald's cheeseburgers: you don't like admitting they taste good in that generic "I can probably do better" kind of way, and you know everyone else who eats there probably shares similar sentiment, but it's such an easy and safe grab that you do more times than you care to admit; that is 1 Million in a nutshell for me. It's not often that a generalist comes along which can pull double-duty in romantic or leisure settings, transitioning from uniform to dress casual and even over to pajamas for the evening after, so it objectively gets high ranks from me for it's utility. However, once you look past the kitsch of the bottle, it has as much personality as a Dodge Caravan. 
I love this stuff, my wife prefers Le Male when I am going with a sweeter scent but this is one of my favorites. No, I am not a cologne Guru, just a guy who prefers a sweeter citrus scent over the pushy salesmen colognes.
A very sexy masculine fragrance, fruity and flowery. Well done, but without much originality. Good performances. 
It's a great fragrance, very powerful and long lasting. its an absolute beast on performance. Awesome opening which then turns very sweet, but masculine.

it Is very hard to describe exactly how this smells. The closest I can compare it to is Rose scented fabric softener with a hint of JPG Le Male... over all its very pleasing to my nose, and will most likely be enjoyed by teenagers and young men (like myself). This to me is only a going out ''partying'' scent, however could be worn in school or work with 1-2 sprays at the most.

Scent - 8.5/10
Silage/projection - 10/10
longevity - 10/10
Versatility - 5/10
weather - Winter nights
Age - 15 - 25 (younger crowd)
Compliments - 9/10 (90% of the time I get a compliment when wearing this)



Out of the bottle this is very sweet and candy-like, but after a while it settles to a nice slightly spicey woody scent, sort of like cedar but not quite (it is probablt the sandalwood note they used). The sillage is pretty low so I would say this is a good office scent.
Admittedly not an artistic masterpiece, Paco Rabanne's 1 Million is a terribly under-appreciated and unfairly maligned fragrance.  It gets compliments and performs great.    As for one of the recurring critiques of the fragrance, the "bubblegum sweetness" is exaggerated.  It is sweet, but not overly sweet.  In fact, it is more spicy than sweet.

Smell 8/10
Longevity 9/10
Projection 10/10

Best for night-time wear, but exercising some trigger control, 1 Million is suitable for all occasions.
A delicious cologne loved by both sexes which is worn by too many and has therefore lost its appeal on me. Also it makes me salivate and my teeth hurt for some reason. I definitely like this scent, but I won’t go past a 5mL sample.
Extremely Similar To Fan di Fendi pour Homme, except is is much more smooth and sweeter. The spices are toned down a bit here, and the leather and woods sit in the background. It lasts 6-7 hours for me with good sillage and intensity. Wonderful stuff. It seems like quite a few other scents out there today. I have a few more samples, I'll wear them all before I decide to buy a bottle. So far I like it.
Honestly, this isn't a terrible scent. I actually quite enjoy the sample I received more.  than most of the "complex" or "higher-end" fragrances I own. Yes, it can be synthetic smelling. Yes, it can be very sweet. However, unless you're consistently only hanging out with perfume aficionados, most people aren't going to notice the synthetic side. Also, the cloying scent that a lot of people describe comes from overspraying. One spray of this lasts me a good 10+ hours with excellent projection throughout, and none of my trusted friends have ever mentioned it being too strong or too sweet. As some people have mentioned, I adore the spicy cinnamon citrus opening, and the drydown's sweetness can be ameliorated by wearing it in colder weather. (Not in an 80 degree club or the summer....) All that being said, you do run the risk of smelling like some other people on the street. But really, considering the fact that most people don't wear cologne and that the average person doesn't retain a fragrance in mind unless, say, they have consistent contact with it, (e.g. their SO wears it) the uniqueness warning doesn't really apply for me. All in all, great fragrance suited to a young crowd, (25 and under, any older and it gets juvenile) very attractive, and best suited for chillier weather with minimal sprays.

Cheers!
Yes, it is loud, powdery, sweetness in a bottle.  Lots of comparisons to cotton candy, but it is cleaner and fresher than just a food scent.  And that's why this one gets noticed and received compliments.

I've always noticed that there is a weird, almost organic smell in this as well.  Looking at the notes, I still cannot place it.

Excellent performance in both longevity and projection.
So... I just tried this fragrance for the 1st time a couple days ago. I ordered a bottle of Noir de Noir from Sephora and they gave me a couple of 1 Million samples with my purchase.  I always avoided this because I knew how popular it was and didn't want to smell like every teenager and club rat in the world.

... So anyways, I tried the samples and my mind was blown.  This to me is incredible.  I get a lot of cinnamon and orange in the opening, mainly cinnamon.  The dry down is a little bit too sweet for me but the opening is to die for and makes up for this minor flaw.  This stuff lasts FOREVER on my skin too and projects like a beast.  I own a lot of fragrances, and I hate to say this but I was more mesmerized by this than most of my niche fragrances, Including the bangers: Aventus, Green Irish Tweed, Millesimal Imperial, Reflection Man, and Jubilation XXV.

I enjoyed this so much that I actually just ordered a bottle a few minutes ago.  I know how most people feel about this fragrance, so I probably won't wear it out often.  This is going to be the fragrance that's just for me; the one that I put on when Im around the house just for my pleasure. 

If you do buy this, you're going to smell like a lot of other people so I hope you don't plan on being unique.  This can also come off as sickly sweet if over applied, so be cautious.  This may be overly used and hyped to the max, but I really enjoy it.  Try it if you haven't already.

Even though I don't wear it a ton anymore, I'm still a big fan and consider it a 5 star-modern day masterpiece for me. 

So unique smelling when it was released and has beast mode projection and longevity to boot. Amazing scent when worn the "correct" way with a light hand, which is among my top compliment getters.
Paco Rabanne 1 Million is a fragrance that change my life somewhat. I am not sure whether it was me.. or the perfume. 

I am from Asia to be specific, I am from Singapore. 1 million is not common here unlike western countries from what I gathered from fellow reviewers here, this has gathered so much hype that every hot blooded male is wearing 1million at clubs over there. 

The fragrance game here in Asia its not big. Not many guys wear frags here. Girls being hit with 1million when I walk pass them did not know what it was. To them.. in her exact words when they walk up to me "You smell so nice and sexy" and keep in mind this is a stranger whom I have just met. 

My neck and lips was ravaged by this girl there after. 

I had thought that it was just a one off event. But it had happened several times that I started to believe in the artistry of perfumery. 

This fragrance although have gathered quite alot of hate from the community, have ignited my interest in perfumes and I have expanded my collection by quite abit with also the recent acquisition of bond no.9's New Haarlem. 
It's a little too strong.  But I enjoy the ambery sweetness and to me almost like bubblegum and cinnamon, which some people would hate but I really like.  I love cinnamon in fragrances and it does stand out here a little bit.  I can't wear too much of it because it can be overpowering.  Two sprays, that's it.  Yes there is a 'synthetic' quality but for me, the warmth and sweetness are appealing.

I understand why so many people dislike it - but I just like how it smells.  *shrugs* no big whoop.  I received it as a gift, otherwise I probably wouldn't own it.
Sweet, beautiful and perfect! 
Hands down, one of the best scents ever made!

Scent: 10/10

Salutation.

Very french style.this is special,sweet and spicy.it makes your feel really masculine and stylish then is pefect for a real gentleman!
this fragrances makes me feel warm cold winter nights too.

I recommend it for every one who wants to be seductive in a classic way!
long lasting and attract a lot of woman.
The bottle also fits to the scent.that is really cute.

7.5/10

Thats sweet!
bubble gummy sweetness chocolate and vanilla

not for me ,I used to own it before but Great for sweet lovers and it is also 
very very long lasting!!!
If you grew up around those colored markers that had specific scents, 1 million is (to me) identical to the black marker - the liquorish one.  IDENTICAL.  I always hated that smell as a kid, and I still do as an adult.

It's definitely a reasonably unique smell.  Just not for me tastes.
That blood orange,mint, and grapefruit in the beginning is enticing. But like most potent fragrances being easy on the trigger is a MUST. Too many sprays can over-saturate the notes and cause you to choke people out. The drydown is very pleasant as well.  
It's definitely sweet! The fruity top notes dissipate on my skin within an hour leaving a much more woody scent with a slight touch of sweetness. I pick up a lot more of the white woods and blond leather than anything else. One spray on the back of the neck is sufficient for me. If I sprayed anymore it would become way too sweet and cloying. This scent is good for chilly weather and cooler nights. I really enjoy this one.
i think this is the best smelling fragrance i have every smelled... when i have this on and walk into a room it will make people forget what they was saying and ask omg what are you wear smells great.
demasiado artificialdemasiado artificial, me causa náuseas, é como se a pessoa tivesse acabado de se entupir de antibióticos infantis e a droga ficasse exalando seu terrível cheiro doce do corpo da pessoa
One of the many ugly millionsThis is exactly why i dont like most most fragrances nowadays... and Paco Rabanne sold his soul in here..The name says it : its one million or as i say 'just one of the many millions..."Its an overedged and overrated scent with al ingredients tending to be too mucho macho.Too sweet too artificial with this bubblegum cinnamon spicy mellon cake. I see boys wanna be men in a discotheques lurking on young women trying to get eyecontact but not manly enough to confront them asking to have a drink or have a nice conversation, they stand with the boys being macho and laugh trying to hide their insecureness...this scent is not horrible but its has no soul... i need SOUL in a scent i need have a scent with a story!With this scent i can only think of the times we live in now... hasty,crowded,fast,aggitated multimedia overconsumed and shallow...And again i get more and more hunger back to the days of real romantics...Pros: - - -Cons: How many characters can i use in this textbox ?"

Easily enjoyable fragranceI'm giving this a positive rating because it is plainly and simply a good fragrance. It isn't on every d&@chebag in my town yet and maybe that's why I'm not predisposed to hating it. It has some sweet scents and sits well on my skin. I can see how some people say it smells cheap and I got that from a cursory glance. However, sniffing further into it and giving the drydown a chance, it became wonderful(on me, anyway). Give it a chance and see what you think, with an open mind.Pros: Sweet, good projection, good longevityCons: Common in some areas, artificial instead of natural"
SUPER SWEET	I like it but don't wear it often. definitely a nitetime frag. can be cloying if oversprayed like I just did..	for late nights hangin out/clubbing or 2 draw attention from the opposite sex this is a masterpiece.	otherwise just an overly sweet mess of a concoction..Pros: LONG LASTINGCons: SMEELS ARTIFICIAL"
Sweet, with Good Projection	This fragrance starts out really sweet and really strong at the beginning, but once it fades into the basenotes it becomes a great scent.Pros: Great Basenotes, Good ProjectionCons: Cloying"
overall, a very good fragrance!L1 million is very sweet but masculine smelling at the same time, it has very good projection someone from 6 feet away and more will be able to smell me, longevity is excellent, i get up to 10+ hours, very goodStarts off with a very strong sweet "bubble gum" type of vibe, and that's pretty much all you get with this fragrance so it's very linear, but it is a pleasant scent.When it starts to dry down, i get a vanilla type of vibe on my skin, but it's pretty much a skin scent when it dries down.I go one spray on the neck and one on one wrist and then i tap it with my other wrist, sometimes i go three sprays, please don't over this because it can get cloying especially in hot weatherI think this can definitely be  worn all year round, just be careful with the spray on warmer weatherI think ANY age can pull this off, I'm 16 in high school and i wear this, the ladies love itOverall i give 1 million by paco rabanne a 4.5 out of 5A very pleasant scent, great compliment getterI highly recommend testing it out on your skin first because you might not like it due to it's sweetness, but definitely check it out and give it a try!I hoped you enjoyed my review.Pros: BEAST projection/longevityCons: can get cloying if sprayed to much"
Sweet leather. 
My second number ONE...	One of the bests! Its my second!
I bought this after 1 sniff.
Although I love the fragrance, I consider it to be somewhat juvenile like being present when candy is being made.

I would wear this if I had to go to an evening event full of younger people and I didn't want to smell like an old man.

Other than that, the use would be pretty limited unless I'm partying in the hood.
I will continue to experiment with it to see where it might best apply.
This is a bit of an odd fragrance for me.  When I first samples it, I immediately fell in love with it.  I get the bubblegum and cotton candy references, but to me it smelled more like vanilla flavored pipe tobacco, you know the sweet sugary kind; even though it has no tobacco smell at all to it.  I made the mistake of wearing too much once and it really got to me.  It was way too sweet and overpowering to the point that it gave me a slight headache.  I highly suggest you go lightly with this one, or else you will definitely regret it.  I still enjoy this cologne in small doses, but can't give it an enthusiastic thumbs up.. I'd rate this as a 7/10.  It's too good for a neutral, but nothing earth shattering here.
I love this one. In fact, my first switch from using BOGART POUR HOMME for almost 5 years straight. It's my first day at work after wearing the 1 million - just a spray on the pulse points and then a spray on the chest. The receptionist immediately asked what's the smell as the 1 million is not so easily sold in my country as it's expensive and no sample bottles are sold in this part of the world. 

It feels like sitting in the middle of a vanilla garden all day just by wearing it. One spray is mild. The HEAD aroma is very intense. The HEART leaves a vanilla aroma. The TAIL? Yet to get to that part. My wife should be able to tell the difference. And I'm sure if it is good, I get lucky ;-) !
Yes it might be over used, yes it smells young, yes I might be too old to wear it, BUT what's the bottom line?  It smells good. Sure it smells like bubble gum with some cinnamon sprinkled on top and a touch of sugar. I like and so does my wife. Do I wear it everyday?  Uh no, however to mix things up from time to time I do grab this and don't think twice about it. 
I have used a lot of perfumes ,all top notch.This is something I really love to wear anywhere because you know that you are noticed.Bubblegums,candies etc .are the main notes.Drydown is like a leather jacket.This is complimented.A lot of people might say it's quite ladies but seriously speaking its awesome.You get 1 million compliments.Love this one.Got a lot of them and the compliments continue......................................
Smells very nice, youthful definitely. On me this doesn't last and project as much as the hype would have you believe, but it's a very pleasant and enjoyable fragrance. 
Great sweet but mature scent. Ideal for the night. The only bad thing is that is way to popular and it lacks exclusivity.
Everyone has it. In every club you can smell it. It has already been ripped off. But it smells great! It's actually wonderful. I dont care about others using it, i just find it gorgeous. A must have. Thumbs up.

Tom Of Finland. . . . . .
I love this scent, my first Niche bottle... it Jst lasts & lasts & lasts!

Santal 33 by Le Labo reminds me of the bombastic woody fragrances by CdG, but with different ingredients. Yes, I agree--this does smell like a moustache hipster, from 10 years ago, working in a wood shop, building a new end table and pickling vegetables in the corner. This fragrance suits my personal taste and it is difficult to argue with the quality and performance. Huge projection and sillage—the wearer is working hard in the wood shop for 10 to 12 hours a day, occasionally picking sawdust out of their beard and freshly laundered flannel shirt. 10 years ago, the day in the wood shop was ended at a cozy microbrewery, but now, our moustache is about to turn 33, and still works in a pile of wood chips, but spends spare time with the kids. 

4/5 

Rubbery leather with an industrial feel and dry woods make for a pungent opening. The more time passes, the fragrance relaxes and grows as a smell into a creamy sandalwood with cardamom and papyrus, it sweetens a bit but still maintains the leathery aspect which is now paired with soft buttery iris. By the end, the fierce animal has been tamed; it's a smooth, warm, aromatic and woody fragrance. If I could make a reference, it starts like TF Oud Wood Intense and dries down to Oud Wood.

I like it.  Out of all the leather fragrances I have tried, this is the only one that actually smells like leather.  The dry-down transforms into a dry, sawdust type smell.  Not special enough to buy a full bottle but still a good scent.
Santal 33 is a thoroughly decent scent. I ordered a sample from Le Labo for £3.99, including delivery. Sprayed it on this morning, my wife was impressed, but there was something about it as it developed that seemed very familiar to me. Then it hit me, the cedar note, that is. For I get mostly cedar in this, I guess because it's Australian sandalwood, rather than the far more difficult to get Indian stuff, so the sandalwood doesn't really stand out for me. This is cedar all the way.

But what was that all-too-familiar cedar note, where did I know it from? Ah yes, the old familiar, Quorum Silver, currently available at about £10-15 a bottle, compared with Santal 33 at £120. 

What's in a name? That which we call a rose
By any other name would smell as sweet.

Well, that's marketing for you, Wills.

Yes, Quorum Silver is not quite as refined as Santal 33, but for the sake of £100, I think there's very little in it, though they do have slightly different accords. Try a sample of Santal 33, and buy a bottle of Quorum Silver, and see if you smell the same.
Quintessential New York fragrance. You will smell this on many people in NYC, and it will feel out of place in most other places. One of the finest sandalwood fragrances out there next to Santal Massoia. This can end up smelling like a horse barn if sprayed too close. Give it the right distance and it is perfect. Supremely balanced. 
suede delicate leather in a campfire breeze, perfect duration and heavy duty sillage!
I like Santal 33.  It's big and loud and linear and sometimes I get kind of tired of it, but every time I wear it, without fail, at some point in the day, I catch a whiff of myself and just think "damn, that smells fantastic."  

So what does it smell like?  Well, it's pretty much my go-to to describe Australian sandalwood.  Unlike its Indian Mysore cousin (which smells, at its best, like rich, buttery sawdust), Australian sandalwood (and, by extension, Santal 33) smells like breaking open a fresh, green, sappy, newly grown branch, mixed with the smell of coconut water.  There's a mix of iris and ambrox in there, which mostly adds a luxurious richness without being very prominent, and some limpid, tea-ish elements as well.  Honestly, it all comes together to smell mostly like coconutty green goop, but it's a rich, expensive, gorgeous coconutty green goop.
What makes a fragrance intriguing is when it evokes a specific time, a certain place or a particular material while remaining elusively vague.

SANTAL 33 has successfully achieved this feat with its seemingly amorphous quality. Neither woody nor floral, far from leathery or spicy, I can't exactly describe it as musky either. Yet somehow it smells distinctive and chic. Like a cross between the scent of a freshly printed lifestyle magazine and the interiors of a luxury leather goods shop.

With superior performance to boot, this is another winning hand from the house of Le Labo. Well played!
Santal 33 is my favourite of the Le Labo line and the only I was willing to purchase a decant of. It is ethereal and as more of a birch suede focused fragrance supported by sandalwood, with little to no sweetness. 

It is however not a complement getter for me - which underscores it's niche quality.


This is pretty. I don't know if I would call it a "sandalwood" fragrance, but it is a really nice fragrance and I like it. A lot!

Ok, so yes, I can smell something that smells like sandalwood, but it is not the sandalwood I recall from the oils I used to buy years ago labeled "Mysore Sandalwood" back in the 80's and early 90's that I'm kicking myself for thinking they'd always be around...but I digress...

But this is really nice...it's comforting, and peaceful. There is something soothing about it, and my brain says: "buy it". My wallet says: "umm...can we hold off a bit?"

I would not purchase this as a blind buy - like all Le Labos (at least the ones I've got my nose on thus far), it's an interpretation of the scent/note. Enjoy the art without the expectation of a black and white understanding of the thing. 
This reminds me of a middle ground between Montale’s Aoud Leather and Creed’s Original Santal.    Not as sweet as Original Santal, but sweet.   And a leathery note similar to the Montale.   This strikes me as aiming more toward a leather scent than a sandalwood, though.  I do like it.
Santal 33 opens with a blast of violet before quickly adding smooth iris to the mix with a slight cedarwood undertone.  As the composition moves to its early heart the violet vacates, leaving remnants of the iris meshing with an emerging slightly harsh and dry Australian sandalwood that takes the fore early before gradually adding in sharp, natural smelling cedarwood that grows in its intensity through the rest of the mid-section turning into the star with the dry sandalwood only co-star.  In addition to the more prominent heart notes, binding the dry sandalwood and natural cedar is a supporting mysterious accord that somewhat resembles coconut, but not quite.  During the late dry-down the composition shifts back to the relatively sharp sandalwood, supported by slightly sweet and powdery amber joining the now diminished cedarwood through the finish.  Projection is excellent to outstanding, as is longevity at well over 12 hours on skin.

Frank Voelkl has been on a roll lately.  His other Le Labo mainline compositions Iris 39 and Ylang 49 both were favorites going into sniffing Santal 33, and outside the Le Labo family he also is responsible for the masterpiece caliber Javanese Patchouli by Zegna.  With so many excellent efforts under his belt with no duds sniffed to date it was with relatively high expectations that I sampled his Santal 33 and I am happy to report that it can be added to his growing list of stellar accomplishments.  Like many Le Labo compositions Santal 33 is not really a straight sandalwood composition.  Early-on, the composition is about violet, and even more-so iris.  I could immediately detect some early similarities for a short time with Iris 39 before the wood-centric heart set in...  The heart accord really leans more towards the cedarwood than the Australian Sandalwood, but certainly both play a key role.  The cedar is quite natural smelling, and the relatively dry sandalwood compliments it quite nicely.  Only in the late dry-down did I detect the sandalwood as the most prominent aspect, and then only just, as a very smooth and slightly sweet powdery amber is almost as prominent though the finish.  While Santal 33 may be more of an amalgamation of ingredients as opposed to a sandalwood focused composition, the most important thing is it is entirely successful.  The bottom line is the $160 per 50ml bottle Santal 33 may not have a strict sandalwood focus, but this "outstanding" 4.5 star out of 5 rated composition should be on any fragrance lover's radar, as should any other composition by Frank Voelkl!

This pushed all the right buttons. A brief cypriol gust knocks you off balance on opening before falling back to a lactonic green accord slowly transitioning into a lush fruity sandalwood during the heart (there is almost a feeling of honeyed apricots, the colour and texture if not aroma). It's got a wonderful balance between the sweetness, creaminess and astringent woody side, rich but never too much.

An interpretation of sandalwood with modern ingredients having an emphasis on boosting the golden bright aspects of the natural oil. Perfect.
This stuff is amazing.  Sandalwood, cedar and violet all rounded out by a very smooth iris note.  One of the best fragrances I've ever smelled.
A beautiful sandalwood greets me from the first seconds on, and stays on. In the drydown a cedar nit arrives, and this happy marriage is what this scent is all about in my skin. The proportion of the two varies a bit over time, and in the last hours the cedar seems to grow stronger.  Not unlike Tam Dao as far as the sandalwood is concerned, but a tad less elegant.  To me the focus on the two wood notes of extraordinarily high quality is very convincing.  My exposure to Australian sandalwood has been limited, but I like it very much the way LL presents it here.  Very good silage and projection, and a splendid longevity of around seven hours.  Top stuff. 

First, this fragrance brought to mind oiled juniper housewares rather than the ~wild frontier~ of the colonial imagination — a nice homey scent, somewhat surprising, but enjoyable. I didn't pick up the papyrus — maybe I just don't recognize it, being a hillbilly of sorts, but it's possible that my nose just can't pick up anything beyond the wood. And this is, for me, a surprising kind of wood in the sense that it doesn't feel hard to wear or imposing. This is not a dead and dried piece of timber; this is almost a grove. I still prefer the Mysore sandalwood in my fragrance but I absolutely love what Le Labo has done with the Australian sandalwood. I keep reaching back to my sample. Worth the full bottle? Depends if you like wood. If yes, I recommend.
Not Bad! Cedar/Sandalwood To the Max!	Blast of cedar for sure!! There is also a fig note that reminds me of Marc jacobs fragrance from a few years back. Once again this is not Earth shattering but solid enough to add to the rotation!	I'm eager to experience the Rose for sure and few others. 
Starts off really raw. Like raw cedar, or saw dust. As it mellows and calms down I'm not sure if it ever takes the full quality of sandal wood, but it is a very pleasant, pleasurable woody scent. Its like sandal wood and cedar mixed together. Very desirable. 
My fourth le labo and I wanna start this review off by saying I only review fragrances I own, and I only review them after I get a good five uses in. That's why you'll never see a thumbs down review, cuz I'm not spending 200+ on perfume I don't like, just to trash it. With that being said, lets get to the review. When I first smelled this, I thought "I've smelled this before" but I smelled the card, left the store n didn't think much of it just thought it was business as usual for this house, trying to pass off femme scents as masculine. Days go by and I can't stop thinking about it, I have to have it. So I buy it and the first time I wear it it hits me, I know where I've smelled this before, the green car freshener that dangled from my moms caddy. This starts off as a blast of florals mixed with a lil spice and its fairly linear. I never smell cedar, but the beauty of fragrance, is that oils are sometimes infused to create a different accord. The florals in this are heavy and they dominate especially the violet. I think it's a great buy for a perfume connoisseur, it's a floral-oriental for men which is not done a lot. If you only own a couple bottles of perfume, you might wanna go another route. It's definitely unisex as a matter of fact when I get back home I'm gonna see if my wife wants to take this off my hands, amazing scent but I doubt I'm gonna get a lot of use out of it..
I have tested the whole Le Labo line (including the city exclusives) and this one did very well. I consider it to be the best from the regular line; and the most bottle worthy from all Le Labos as far as the uniqueness of this scent goes. The papyrus opens utterly comforting zone endorsed with truly well crafted tone of sandalwood and cedar. The scent feels dry and warming on the one hand but almost burning and arousing on the other. It took me a little while to fell in love with it but I have fallen deeply as Romeo. 

Several more things: 1)This is a masculine scent, almost an archetype of daring heroic man. 2) It can differ according to actual weather but is suitable for every season, very versatile indeed. 3) Longevity and projection is in 85% times excellent, moody in the left 15% (at least on my skin). 4) Be sure to give it a chance before damning it after first sniff – you might eventually enjoy it. 5) 10 out of 10 and one of my all time favorites!
A leathery cardamon gives this lightly musked, wonderfully creamy sandalwood it's unique appeal.  Uplifting in a healthy herb & cream kind of way, I get a mental picture of a delicious herbed cucumber sour cream dip at a Wisconsin supper club.  I sometimes think Santal 33 could use a bit more edge.  Creaminess in a perfume tends to round off corners. But then that's what creaminess does and what Santal 33 is supposed to be.  Pleasant to the extreme, liking and wearing Santal 33 is never anything to be ashamed of.
On me the opening is a sawdust & leather accord, done in a light & pleasant manner. Then over the next 20 minutes l get faint whiffs of cardamom, crisp papyrus, something almost minty, & a whisper of a floral note. Just as l'm beginning to wonder where the coconut note is that l've read about, it begins to creep in underneath the woods, & suddenly 1 hour in l realise it smells exactly like Bronze Goddess! Yes, really, that mixture of subtle, creamy coconut with the sandalwood is, l swear, a deadringer to my nose. The only difference is in the longevity; this one is still traceable on my skin after 11 hours.
This did not disappoint, but as l already own Bronze Goddess, l do not feel the need to add it to my collection. And l would say to any guy out there who loves the drydown of Santal 33; try Bronze Goddess before you shell out the big bucks for this one!
Santal 33 by Le Labo - One is initially treated to a somewhat rugged duo of Australian sandalwood and Russian leather. The sandalwood infuses its camphoraceous woodiness and slight nuttiness, and interplays with the saddle leather with its inherent smokiness. A faintly turpentinic element presents. Transitioning to the awaiting middle, mildly spicy cardamom infuses the spaghetti western blend with its aromatic, slightly sweet and nutty facets. A woody, violet-like iris also presents. And papyrus, with its withered grassy and light wood facets, serve as a undertone for the sweetening brew. Segueing to the waiting base, Virginia cedar, with its buttery, sweetly fresh, pencil shavings aspects, commingles with a candy-like violet. Majical ambrox imparts its velvety waves of ambergris and musk. A near saccharine drydown ensues. This high-quality composition has average, radiating projection and very good longevity. Albeit the base borders on being too sweet and artifical, I must respect the other stages of development. Resultantly, I am giving this an unenthusiastic "Thumbs Up" rating.
Love it! I was ready for another prentetious (and disappointing) release from the guys at LeLabo but Santal 33 is just amazing.

Opens with a transparent and very dry cardamom note joined by cedar and a light violet. Papyrus and iris follow right away adding a slightly green, sort of wet, note that's just perfect and preserves the fragrance from being too overpowering or too loud. In this phase Santal 33 introduces a moderatley sweet, subtle yet remarkable, fig/coconut accord that enhances the creamy undertones throughout while a nutty-woody sandalwood make its appearance to drive the fragrance towards the spicy-woody-ambery drydown. 

Personally I wouldn't classify this as a sandalwood prominent composition and while the main note is surely remarkable, the fragrance is so well blended and orchestrated to leave enough space to all the other elements to properly shine and play their roles.

While being definitely different, Santal 33 made me somehow think about Papyrus De Ciane, Jardins De Kerylos and Calamus (expecially just right after the opening). It doesn't exactly shares many similarities with the aforementioned fragrances but the papyrus note is not very distant from the transparent interpretation thant Guillame delivered in PDC while the fig/coconut accord is just as refined and sophisticated as the one in Jardins De Kerylos (even if definitely toned down in the LeLabo). Last but not least, I experience the same slight wet/green, sort of cardboard-like, vibe that I much enjoy in Calamus. Original, sophisticated and if moderately applied, very easy to wear. 

A big winner.

I wouldn’t categorize this one as a classic sandalwood scent. The sandalwood is there, but to me it isn’t the major player. This one has a very woody vibe to it, but in a different sense as to me it seems like a “bark” like note is the major player. I’m not sure how to describe it other than that as I haven’t smelled anything quite like it before. Maybe it is the ambrox. Maybe there is some guaiac wood in there, but the cedarwood isn’t really what I’m smelling. In fact I get very little cedar from this and it is this other wood note that is the major player. This one is great from start to finish and is quite strong on me. Apply with caution. 

